<doc id="18938099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938099" title="Norman Finkelstein">
Norman Finkelstein

Norman Gary Finkelstein (born December 8, 1953) is an American political scientist, activist, professor and author. His primary fields of research are the Israeli–Palestinian conflict and the politics of the Holocaust, an interest motivated by the experiences of his parents who were Jewish Holocaust survivors. He is a graduate of Binghamton University and received his Ph.D in Political Science from Princeton University. He has held faculty positions at Brooklyn College, Rutgers University, Hunter College, New York University, and, most recently, DePaul University, where he was an assistant professor from 2001 to 2007.
In 2007, after a highly publicized row between Finkelstein and a notable opponent of his, Alan Dershowitz, Finkelstein's tenure bid at DePaul was denied. Finkelstein was placed on administrative leave for the 2007–2008 academic year, and on September 5, 2007, he announced his resignation after coming to a settlement with the university on generally undisclosed terms.
An official statement from DePaul strongly defended the decision to deny Finkelstein tenure, stated that outside influence played no role in the decision.
Personal background and education.
Finkelstein has written of his Jewish parents' experiences during World War II. His mother, Maryla Husyt Finkelstein, grew up in Warsaw, Poland, survived the Warsaw Ghetto, the Majdanek concentration camp, and two slave labor camps. Her first husband died in the war. She considered the day of her liberation as the most horrible day of her life, as she realized that she was alone, her parents and siblings gone. Norman's father, Zacharias Finkelstein, was a survivor of both the Warsaw Ghetto and the Auschwitz concentration camp. After the war they met in a displaced persons camp in Austria, and then emigrated to the United States, where his father became a factory worker and his mother a homemaker and later a bookkeeper. Finkelstein's mother was an ardent pacifist. Both his parents died in 1995.
Finkelstein grew up in New York City, where he attended James Madison High School and was a childhood friend of U.S. Senator Chuck Schumer, (D-NY), who was two years ahead of him. In his forthcoming memoir, Finkelstein recalls his strong youthful identification with the outrage that his mother, witness to the genocidal atrocities of World War II, felt at the carnage wrought by the United States in Vietnam. One childhood friend recalls his mother's "emotional investment in left-wing humanitarian causes as bordering on hysteria." But Finkelstein regards his absorption of his mother's outlook — the refusal to put aside a sense of moral outrage in order to get on with one's life — as a virtue. Subsequently, his reading of Noam Chomsky played a seminal role in tailoring the passion bequeathed to him by his mother to the necessity of maintaining intellectual rigor in the pursuit of the truth.
He completed his undergraduate studies at Binghamton University in New York in 1974, after which he studied at the "École Pratique des Hautes Études" in Paris. He went on to earn his Master's degree in political science from Princeton University in 1980, and later his PhD in political studies, also from Princeton. Finkelstein wrote his doctoral thesis on Zionism, and it was through this work that he first attracted controversy. Before gaining academic employment, Finkelstein was a part-time social worker with teenage dropouts in New York. He then taught successively at Rutgers University, New York University, Brooklyn College, and Hunter College and, until recently, taught at DePaul University in Chicago. According to "The New York Times" he left Hunter College in 2001 "after his teaching load and salary were reduced" by the college administration.
Beginning with his doctoral thesis at Princeton, Finkelstein's career has been marked by controversy. A self-described "forensic scholar", he has written sharply critical academic reviews of several prominent writers and scholars whom he accuses of misrepresenting the documentary record in order to defend Israel's policies and practices. His writings, noted for their support of the Palestinian cause, have dealt with politically charged topics such as Zionism, the demographic history of Palestine and his allegations of the existence of a "Holocaust Industry" that exploits the memory of the Holocaust to further Israeli and financial interests. Citing linguist and political activist Noam Chomsky as an example, Finkelstein notes that it is "possible to unite exacting scholarly rigor with scathing moral outrage," and supporters and detractors alike have remarked on the polemical style of Finkelstein's work. Its content has been praised by eminent historians such as Raul Hilberg and Avi Shlaim, as well as Chomsky.
Finkelstein has described himself as "an old-fashioned communist," in the sense that he "see no value whatsoever in states." Before moving his shift to libertarian socialism, Finkelstein spent several years as a dedicated Maoist.
Academic career.
On "From Time Immemorial".
In Finkelstein's doctoral thesis, he examined the claims made in Joan Peters's "From Time Immemorial", a best-selling book at the time.
Peters's "history and defense" of Israel deals with the demographic history of Palestine. Demographic studies had tended to assert that the Arab population of Ottoman-controlled Palestine, a 94% majority at the turn of the century, had dwindled towards parity due to massive Zionist immigration. Peters radically challenged this picture by arguing that a substantial part of the Palestinian people were descended from immigrants from other Arab countries from the early 19th century onwards. It followed, for Peters and many of her readers, that the picture of a native Palestinian population overwhelmed by Jewish immigration was little more than propaganda, and that in actuality two almost simultaneous waves of immigration met in what had been a relatively unpopulated land.
"From Time Immemorial" had been effusively praised in mainstream United States media sources by figures as varied as Barbara Tuchman, Theodore H. White, Elie Wiesel, and Lucy Dawidowicz. Saul Bellow, for one, wrote in a jacket endorsement that:
Finkelstein asserted that the book was nothing more than what he now calls a "monumental hoax". He later opined that, while Peters's book received widespread interest and approval in the United States, a scholarly demonstration of its fraudulence and unreliability aroused little attention:
Noam Chomsky later reminisced:
In 1986, the "New York Review of Books" published Yehoshua Porath's review and an exchange with critics of the review in which he criticized the assumptions and evidence on which Peters's thesis relied, thus lending independent support from an expert in Palestinian demographics to Finkelstein's doctoral critique. In the house journal of the American Council on Foreign Relations, "Foreign Affairs", William B. Quandt, the Edward Stettinius professor of Politics at the University of Virginia and authority on Middle Eastern politics, later described Finkelstein's critique of "From Time Immemorial" as a "landmark essay" and a "victory to his credit", in its "demonstration" of the "shoddy scholarship" of Peters's book. Israeli historian Avi Shlaim later praised Finkelstein's thesis, saying that it had established his credentials when he was still a doctoral student. In Shlaim's view, Finkelstein had produced an "unanswerable case" with "irrefutable evidence", proving that Peters' book was both "preposterous and worthless".
According to Noam Chomsky, the controversy that surrounded Finkelstein's research caused a delay in his earning his Ph.D. at Princeton University. Chomsky wrote in "Understanding Power" that Finkelstein "literally could not get the faculty to read dissertation" and that Princeton eventually granted Finkelstein his doctorate only "out of embarrassment Princeton" but refused to give him any further professional backing.
Finkelstein published portions of his thesis in the following publications:
"The Holocaust Industry".
"The Holocaust Industry: Reflections on the Exploitation of Jewish Suffering" was published in 2000. Here, Finkelstein argues that Elie Wiesel and others exploit the memory of the Holocaust as an "ideological weapon." This is done so by the State of Israel, "one of the world's most formidable military powers, with a horrendous human rights record, cast itself as a victim state", in order to garner "immunity to criticism." He also alleges what he calls a "double shakedown" by "a repellent gang of plutocrats, hoodlums and hucksters" seeking enormous legal damages and financial settlements from Germany and Switzerland, moneys which then go to the lawyers and institutional actors involved in procuring them, rather than actual Holocaust survivors.
The book met with a hostile reception in some quarters, with critics charging that it was poorly researched and/or allowed others to exploit it for antisemitic purposes. For example, German historian Hans Mommsen disparaged the first edition as "a most trivial book, which appeals to easily aroused anti-Semitic prejudices." Israeli holocaust historian Israel Gutman called the book "a lampoon," stating "this is not research; it isn't even political literature... I don't even think it should be reviewed or critiqued as a legitimate book." The book was also harshly criticized by Brown University Professor Omer Bartov and University of Chicago Professor Peter Novick.
Based on his criticism of Holocaust exploitation, the Anti-Defamation League and others branded Finkelstein as a Holocaust denier, despite his being the son of two Holocaust survivors, most of whose family died in the Holocaust. However, preeminent Holocaust scholar Raul Hilberg said the book expressed views Hilberg himself subscribed to in substance, in that he too found the exploitation of the Holocaust, in the manner Finkelstein describes, "detestable." Asked on another occasion if Finkelstein's analysis might play into the hands of neo-Nazis for antisemitic purposes, Hilberg replied: "Well, even if they do use it in that fashion, I'm afraid that when it comes to the truth, it has to be said openly, without regard to any consequences that would be undesirable, embarrassing."
Criticism of Alan Dershowitz's "The Case for Israel".
Shortly after the publication of the book "The Case for Israel" by Alan Dershowitz, Finkelstein derided it as "a collection of fraud, falsification, plagiarism, and nonsense". During a debate on "Democracy Now!", Finkelstein asserted that Dershowitz lacked knowledge about specific contents of his own book. He also claimed that Dershowitz did not write the book, and may not have even read it.
Finkelstein noted 20 instances, in as many pages, where Dershowitz's book cites the same sources and passages used by Joan Peters in her book, in largely the same sequence, with ellipses in the same places. In two instances, Dershowitz reproduces Peters's errors (see below). From this Finkelstein concluded that Dershowitz had not checked the original sources himself, contrary to the latter's claims. Finkelstein suggests that this copying of quotations amounts to copying ideas. Examining a copy of a proof of Dershowitz's book he managed to obtain, he found evidence that Dershowitz had his secretarial assistant, Holly Beth Billington, check in the Harvard library the sources he had read in Peters's book. Dershowitz answered the charge in a letter to the University of California's Press Director Lynne Withey, arguing that Finkelstein had made up the "smoking gun" quotation, in that he had changed its wording (from 'cite' to 'copy') in his book. In public debate he has stated that if "somebody borrowed the quote without going to check back on whether Mark Twain had said that, obviously that would be a serious charge"; however, he insisted emphatically that he himself did not do that, that he had indeed checked the original source by Twain.
Dershowitz threatened libel action over the charges in Finkelstein's book, as a consequence of which, the publisher deleted the word "plagiarism" from the text before publication. Finkelstein also agreed to remove the suggestion that Dershowitz was not the true author of "The Case for Israel" because, as the publisher said, "he couldn't document that."
Asserting that he did consult the original sources, Dershowitz says that Finkelstein is simply accusing him of good scholarly practice: citing references he learned of initially from Peters's book. Dershowitz denies that he used any of Peters's ideas without citation. "Plagiarism is taking someone else's words and claiming they're your own. There are no borrowed words from anybody. There are no borrowed ideas from anybody because I fundamentally disagree with the conclusions of Peters's book." In a footnote in "The Case for Israel" which cites Peters's book, Dershowitz explicitly denies that he "relies" on Peters for "conclusions or data".
In their joint interview on "Democracy Now", however, Finkelstein cited specific passages in Dershowitz's book in which a phrase that he says Peters coined was incorrectly attributed to George Orwell:
" coins the phrase, 'turnspeak', she says she's using it as a play off of George Orwell which as all listeners know used the phrase 'Newspeak.' She coined her own phrase, 'turnspeak.' You go to Mr. Dershowitz's book, he got so confused in his massive borrowings from Joan Peters that on two occasions, I'll cite them for those who have a copy of the book, on page 57 and on page 153 he uses the phrase, quote, George Orwell's 'turnspeak.' 'Turnspeak' is not Orwell, Mr. Dershowitz, you're the Felix Frankfurter chair at Harvard, you must know that Orwell would never use such a clunky phrase as 'turnspeak'."
James O. Freedman, the former president of Dartmouth College, the University of Iowa, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, has defended Dershowitz: I do not understand charge of plagiarism against Alan Dershowitz. There is no claim that Dershowitz used the words of others without attribution. When he uses the words of others, he quotes them properly and generally cites them to the original sources (Mark Twain, Palestine Royal Commission, etc.) [Finkelstein's complaint is that instead he should have cited them to the secondary source, in which Dershowitz may have come upon them. But as "The Chicago Manual of Style" emphasizes: 'Importance of attribution. With all reuse of others' materials, it is important to identify the original as the source. This not only bolsters the claims of fair use, it also helps avoid any accusation of plagiarism.' This is precisely what Dershowitz did.
Responding to an article in "The Nation" by Alexander Cockburn, Dershowitz also cited "The Chicago Manual of Style":Cockburn's claim is that some of the quotes should not have been cited to their original sources but rather to a secondary source, where he believes I stumbled upon them. Even if he were correct that I found all these quotations in Peters's book, the preferred method of citation is to the original source, as "The Chicago Manual of Style" emphasizes: "With all reuse of others' materials, it is important to identify the original as the source. This...helps avoid any accusation of plagiarism...To cite a source from a secondary source ('quoted in...') is generally to be discouraged..."
...to which Cockburn responded:
Quoting "The Chicago Manual of Style", Dershowitz artfully implies that he followed the rules by citing "the original" as opposed to the
secondary source, Peters. He misrepresents Chicago here, where "the
original" means merely the origin of the borrowed material, which is,
in this instance, Peters.
Now look at the second bit of the quote from Chicago, chastely
separated from the preceding sentence by a demure three-point
ellipsis. As my associate Kate Levin has discovered, this passage
("To cite a source from a secondary source...") occurs on page 727,
which is no less than 590 pages later than the material before the
ellipsis, in a section titled "Citations Taken from Secondary
Sources." Here's the full quote, with what Dershowitz left out set in
bold: "'Quoted in.' To cite a source from a secondary source ("quoted
in") is generally to be discouraged, since authors are expected to
have examined the works they cite. If an original source is
unavailable, however, both the original and the secondary source must
be listed."
So Chicago is clearly insisting that unless Dershowitz went to the
originals, he was obliged to cite Peters. Finkelstein has
conclusively demonstrated that he didn't go to the originals.
Plagiarism, QED, plus added time for willful distortion of the
language of Chicago's guidelines, cobbling together two separate
discussions.
On behalf of Dershowitz, Harvard Law School dean Elena Kagan asked former Harvard president Derek Bok to investigate the assertion of plagiarism; Bok exonerated Dershowitz of the charge.
In an April 3, 2007 interview with the "Harvard Crimson", "Dershowitz confirmed that he had sent a letter last September to DePaul faculty members lobbying against Finkelstein's tenure."
In April 2007, Dr. Frank Menetrez, a former Editor-in-Chief of the UCLA Law Review, published an analysis of the charges made against Finkelstein by Dershowitz, finding no merit in any single charge and concluding that Dershowitz had misrepresented matters. In a follow-up analysis he concluded that he could find 'no way of avoiding the inference that Dershowitz copied the quotation from Twain from Peters's "From Time Immemorial", and not from the original source', as Dershowitz claimed.
Controversies.
Tenure denial and resignation.
In September 2006, Dershowitz sent members of DePaul's law and political science faculties what he described as "a dossier of Norman Finkelstein's most egregious academic sins, and especially his outright lies, misquotations, and distortions" and lobbied professors, alumni and administrators to deny Finkelstein tenure.
In early 2007 the DePaul University Political Science department voted nine to three, and the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences Personnel Committee five to zero, in favor of giving Finkelstein tenure. The three opposing faculty members subsequently filed a minority report opposing tenure, supported by the Dean of the College, Chuck Suchar. Suchar stated he opposed tenure because Finkelstein's "personal and reputation demeaning attacks on Dershowitz, Benny Morris, and the holocaust authors Elie Wiesel and Jerzy Kosinski" were inconsistent with DePaul's "Vincentian" values. Amidst considerable public debate, Dershowitz actively campaigned to block Finkelstein's tenure bid. In June 2007, a 4-3 vote by DePaul University's Board on Promotion and Tenure (a faculty board), affirmed by the university's president, the Rev. Dennis Holtschneider, denied Finkelstein tenure.
The university denied that Dershowitz, who had been criticized for his campaign against Finkelstein's tenure, played any part in this decision. At the same time, the university denied tenure to international studies assistant professor Mehrene Larudee, a strong supporter of Finkelstein, despite unanimous support from her department, the Personnel Committee and the Dean. Finkelstein stated that he would engage in civil disobedience if attempts were made to bar him from teaching his students.
The Faculty Council later affirmed the right of Professors Finkelstein and Larudee to appeal, which a university lawyer said was not possible. Council President Anne Bartlett said she was "'terribly concerned' correct procedure was not followed". DePaul's faculty association considered taking no confidence votes in administrators, including the president, because of the tenure denials. In a statement issued upon Finkelstein's resignation, DePaul called him "a prolific scholar and an outstanding teacher." Dershowitz expressed outrage at the compromise and this statement in particular, saying that the university had "traded truth for peace."
In June 2007, after two weeks of protests, some DePaul students staged a sit-in and hunger strike in support of both professors denied tenure. The Illinois Conference of the American Association of University Professors also sent a letter to the university's president stating: "It is entirely illegitimate for a university to deny tenure to a professor out of fear that his published research ... might hurt a college's reputation" and that the association has "explicitly rejected collegiality as an appropriate criterion for evaluating faculty members".
Denied entry to Israel in 2008.
On May 23, 2008 Finkelstein was denied entry to Israel, according to unnamed Shin Bet security officials, because "of suspicions involving hostile elements in Lebanon" and that he "did not give a full accounting to interrogators with regard to these suspicions." Finkelstein had previously visited south Lebanon and met with Lebanese families during the 2006 Lebanon War. He was banned from entering Israel for 10 years.
Finkelstein was questioned after his arrival at Ben Gurion Airport near Tel Aviv and detained for 24 hours in a holding cell. After speaking to Israeli attorney Michael Sfard he was placed on a flight back to Amsterdam, his point of origin. In an interview with "Haaretz", Finkelstein stated "I did my best to provide absolutely candid and comprehensive answers to all the questions put to me. I am confident that I have nothing to hide... no suicide missions or secret rendezvous with terrorist organizations." He had been travelling to visit friends in the West Bank and stated he had no interest in visiting Israel. Sfard said banning Finkelstein from entering the country "recalls the behavior of the Soviet bloc countries."
Reception.
Finkelstein's books are an attempt to examine the works of mainstream scholarship. The authors whose work he has thus targeted, including Daniel Jonah Goldhagen and Dershowitz, along with others such as Benny Morris whose work Finkelstein has also cited in his scholarship, have in turn accused Finkelstein of grossly misrepresenting their work, and selectively quoting from their books.
Finkelstein's work has attracted a number of supporters and detractors from around the world. Notable supporters of his work include Noam Chomsky, prominent intellectual and political critic; Raul Hilberg, Holocaust historian; Avi Shlaim, New Historian, and Mouin Rabbani, Palestinian jurist and analyst.
According to Hilberg, Finkelstein displays "academic courage to speak the truth when no one else is out there to support him... I would say that his place in the whole history of writing history is assured, and that those who in the end are proven right triumph, and he will be among those who will have triumphed, albeit, it so seems, at great cost." In a peer review for "Beyond Chutzpah", Avi Shlaim said that Finkelstein "has a most impressive track record in exposing spurious American-Jewish scholarship on the Arab-Israeli conflict." He praised Finkelstein for "all the sterling qualities for which he has become famous: erudition, originality, spark, meticulous attention to detail, intellectual integrity, courage, and formidable forensic skills."
The liberal "Haaretz" newspaper stated that "t is difficult to sympathize with Finkelstein's opinions and preferences, especially since he decided to support Hezbollah, meet with its fighters and visit the graves of some of its slain operatives." Still, it continued to say that he should not be banned from entering Israel, because "meetings with Hezbollah operatives do not in themselves constitute a security risk."
2009 film about Finkelstein.
"" is an award-winning documentary film about the life and career of Norman Finkelstein, released in 2009 and directed by David Ridgen and Nicolas Rossier. It has been screened in Amsterdam IDFA, in Toronto Hot Docs and in more than 40 other national and international venues, it received a freshness rating over 90% on film review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes.
Criticism.
Criticism has been leveled against Finkelstein from several angles. The first sources are responses from those whose work Finkelstein has discussed. Daniel Goldhagen, whose book "Hitler's Willing Executioners" Finkelstein criticized, claimed his scholarship has "everything to do with his burning political agenda." Alan Dershowitz has written that Peter Novick, Professor of History at the University of Chicago and a noted Holocaust historian whose work Finkelstein says inspired "The Holocaust Industry," has strongly criticized the latter's work, describing it as "trash." Similarly, Dershowitz, whose book "The Case for Israel" and Finkelstein's response "Beyond Chutzpah" sparked an ongoing feud between the two, has claimed Finkelstein's complicity in a conspiracy against pro-Israel scholars: "The mode of attack is consistent. Chomsky selects the target and directs Finkelstein to probe the writings in minute detail and conclude that the writer didn't actually write the work, that it is plagiarized, that it is a hoax and a fraud," arguing that Finkelstein has leveled charges against many academics, calling at least 10 "distinguished Jews 'hucksters', 'hoaxters' ("sic"), 'thieves,' 'extortionists', and worse." Although the back and forth between Finkelstein and Dershowitz received the most attention and attracted significant controversy, Finkelstein has maintained that "the real issue is Israel's human rights record."
Israeli historian Omer Bartov, writing for "The New York Times Book Review", judged "The Holocaust Industry" to be marred by the same errors he denounces in those who exploit the Holocaust for profit or politics:
It is filled with precisely the kind of shrill hyperbole that Finkelstein rightly deplores in much of the current media hype over the Holocaust; it is brimming with the same indifference to historical facts, inner contradictions, strident politics and dubious contextualizations; and it oozes with the same smug sense of moral and intellectual superiority... Like any conspiracy theory, it contains several grains of truth; and like any such theory, it is both irrational and insidious.
In 2003, Finkelstein published an expanded second edition of this book, focusing especially on the Swiss Banks case. He identifies areas where people have attacked the book, and says that none of them question his actual findings.
Finkelstein has accused journalist Jeffrey Goldberg of "torturing" Palestinian prisoners during his IDF service in the First Intifada. Goldberg referred to the allegation as "ridiculous" and he had "never laid a hand on anybody." Goldberg said his "principal role" was "making sure prisoners had fresh fruit." He characterized Finkelstein as a "ridiculous figure" and accused him of "lying and purposely misreading my book."
Statements on Israel and Israelis.
Finkelstein is a sharp critic of Israel. Discussing Finkelstein's book "Beyond Chutzpah", Israeli Historian Avi Shlaim stated that Finkelstein's critique of Israel "is based on an amazing amount of research. He seems to have read everything. He has gone through the reports of Israeli groups, of human rights groups, Human Rights Watch and Peace Now and B'Tselem, all of the reports of Amnesty International. And he deploys all this evidence from Israeli and other sources in order to sustain his critique of Israeli practices, Israeli violations of human rights of the Palestinians, Israeli house demolitions, the targeted assassinations of Palestinian militants, the cutting down of trees, the building of the wall — the security barrier on the West Bank, which is illegal — the restrictions imposed on the Palestinians in the West Bank, and so on and so forth. I find his critique extremely detailed, well-documented and accurate."
In a telephone interview with "Today's Zaman", in 2009, Finkelstein stated:I think Israel, as a number of commentators pointed out, is becoming an insane state. And we have to be honest about that. While the rest of the world wants peace, Europe wants peace, the US wants peace, but this state wants war, war and war. In the first week of the massacres, there were reports in the Israeli press that Israel did not want to put all its ground forces in Gaza because it was preparing attacks on Iran. Then there were reports it was planning attacks on Lebanon. It is a lunatic state.
When asked how he, as the son of Holocaust survivors, felt about Israel’s operation in Gaza, Finkelstein replied:It has been a long time since I felt any emotional connection with the state of Israel, which relentlessly and brutally and inhumanly keeps these vicious, murderous wars. It is a vandal state. There is a Russian writer who once described vandal states as Genghis Khan with a telegraph. Israel is Genghis Khan with a computer. I feel no emotion of affinity with that state. I have some good friends and their families there, and of course I would not want any of them to be hurt. That said, sometimes I feel that Israel has come out of the boils of the hell, a satanic state
The Anti-Defamation League has described Finkelstein as an "obsessive anti-Zionist" filled with "vitriolic hatred of Zionism and Israel." On being called an anti-Zionist Finkelstein has said: "It's a superficial term. I am opposed to any state with an ethnic character, not only to Israel."
Finkelstein is an advocate of a two state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Hezbollah and Hamas.
Finkelstein has expressed solidarity with Hezbollah and Hamas with respect to defensive actions, alleging that Israel had invaded Lebanon as a signal of rejection when Hamas was seeking a diplomatic settlement with Israel. He also condemned what he said was Israel's refusal "to abide by international law to abide by the opinion of the international community" to settle the conflict. "I was of course happy to meet the Hizbullah people, because it is a point of view that is rarely heard in the United States. I have no problem saying that I do want to express solidarity with them, and I am not going to be a coward of a hypocrite about it. I don’t care about Hizbullah as a political organization. I don’t know much about their politics, and anyhow, it’s irrelevant. I don’t live in Lebanon. It’s a choice that the Lebanese have to make: Who they want to be their leaders, who they want to represent them. But there is a fundamental principle. People have the right to defend their country from foreign occupiers, and people have the right to defend their country from invaders who are destroying their country. That to me is a very basic, elementary and uncomplicated question."While condemning the targeting of civilians to achieve a political goal, Finkelstein has stated he believes Hezbollah has the right to target Israeli civilians as long as "Israel persists in targeting civilians until Israel ceases its terrorist acts."
During the Second Intifada, Finkelstein stated a moral equivalence exists between Hamas and the state of Israel in regards to the military policy of targeted killings. Finkelstein argued one of Israel’s primary motivations for launching the 2008 offensive in Gaza was that Hamas was “signaling that it wanted a diplomatic settlement of the conflict along the June 1967 border.” Finkelstein believes Hamas had joined the international community in “seeking a diplomatic settlement” and describes Hamas's stance towards Israel prior to the war as a “peace offensive.”
Statements on the BDS movement.
In February 2012, Finkelstein "launched a blistering attack" on the BDS movement, saying it was a "hypocritical, dishonest cult", "the Munchkin cult in Oz," that tries to cleverly pose as human rights activists while in reality their goal is to destroy Israel. In addition, he said: "I'm getting a little bit exasperated with what I think is a whole lot of nonsense. I'm not going to tolerate silliness, childishness and a lot of leftist posturing. I loathe the disingenuousness. We will never hear the solidarity movement [back a two-state solution." Furthermore, Finkelstein stated that the BDS movement has had very few successes, and that just like a cult, the leaders pretend that they are hugely successful when in reality the general public rejects their extreme views.

</doc>
<doc id="18938101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938101" title="Miss Universo Italia 2009">
Miss Universo Italia 2009

The Miss Universo Italia 2009 pageant was held on May 27, 2009. The winner was Laura Valenti, who went on to represent Italy at Miss Universe 2009, which took place in the Bahamas on August 23, 2009. Valenti did not place in the semis.

</doc>
<doc id="18938105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938105" title="Roland Kaiser">
Roland Kaiser

Roland Kaiser (born May 10, 1952 in Berlin as "Ronald Keiler") is a schlager singer-songwriter from Germany. He is one of the most successful German speaking schlager-singers. 
Keiler was working as a marketing executive in a car firm when he was discovered by the German music producer Gerd Kämpfe. In 1974, he released his first single under the stage name of Roland Kaiser - "Was ist wohl aus ihr geworden?" - and in 1976 he got his first chart placement with "Frei, das heißt allein" which reached number 14 on the West-German top list. In 1980, he competed in the West-German trial for the Eurovision Song Contest but did not win. 
In the same year, he had his greatest success on the lists so far with the song "Santa Maria" (by Oliver Onions/Guido & Maurizio De Angelis), which maintained its first placement in West Germany for six weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="18938111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938111" title="Mike Grace (pitcher)">
Mike Grace (pitcher)

Michael James Grace (June 20, 1970 in Joliet, Illinois), is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher. He played all or part of five seasons in the majors, from until , all for the Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="18938115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938115" title="21st century">
21st century

The 21st century is the current century of the "Anno Domini" era or the Common Era, in accordance with the Gregorian calendar. It began on January 1, 2001, and will end on December 31, 2100. It is the 1st century of the 3rd millennium. It is distinct from the century known as the 2000s, which began on January 1, 2000 and will end on December 31, 2099.
Transitions and changes.
The first years of the 21st century have thus far been marked by the rise of a global economy and Third World consumerism, mistrust in government, deepening global concern over terrorism and an increase in the power of private enterprise. The Arab Spring of the early 2010s led to mixed outcomes in the Arab world. The Digital Revolution which began around the 1980s also continues into the present. The world population began the century at 6.1 billion and grew to about 7 billion within a decade. The youngest Millennials (born c. 1980-1999) having been born at the turn of the century give way to the rise of Generation Z in Western countries.
In contemporary history, the 21st century began with the United States as the sole superpower in the absence of the Soviet Union, while China, with its confirmed overlook of human rights issues, began its rise to becoming a superpower and the BRIC countries aim to create more balance in the global political and economic spectrum.
The completion of the Human Genome Project in 2003 marks the continual rise of Life Sciences,which makes mankind's long-held dreams such as curing aging and cancer more and more realistic. While digital technology, in its early stages of mainstream use in the 1980s and 1990s, became widely accepted by most of the world, though concerns about stress from the overuse of mobile phones, the Internet and related technologies remains controversial.
In 2014, 82 percent of the world's population use mobile phones and about 36 percent use the Internet.
Pronunciation.
Among experts and the general public, there is a debate as to how specific years of the 21st century should be pronounced in English. Regarding this, academics suggested that since former years such as 1805 and 1905 were commonly pronounced as "eighteen oh" or "nineteen oh" five, the year 2005 should naturally have been pronounced as "twenty oh-five". A less common variation would have been "twenty nought-five". Generally, the early years of the 21st century were pronounced as "two-thousand and five", with a change taking place in 2010, where pronunciations often shift between the early-year standard of "two-thousand and ten" and the common approach used in the late 20th-century of "twenty-ten".
The Vancouver Olympics, which took place in 2010, was being officially referred to by "Vancouver 2010" as "the twenty-ten Olympics". The latest timeframes for change are usually placed at 2020.
According to The Stanley Kubrick archives, in the press release for his film "", film director Stanley Kubrick included specific instructions for journalists to refer to the movie as "two thousand and one" instead of the commonplace pronunciation of "twenty-oh-one". Kubrick said he did this in the hope that if the film became popular, it would influence the pronunciation of that year.
Politics and wars.
Genocide still remains a problem in this century with the concern of the war in Darfur and the growing concern in Sri Lanka. Low estimates on the deaths in Darfur stand around 200,000 deaths with 2.5 million in displacement, there has been much outcry against the perpetrators, the Sudanese government, and the very weak international response. Also controversies from past genocides remain commonplace in the minds of victims and average people alike.
New countries.
Some territories have gained independence during the 21st century. This is a list of sovereign states that have gained independence in the 21st century and have been recognized by the UN.
These territories have declared independence and secured relative autonomy but they have only been recognized by some UN member states:
This territory has declared independence but is not recognized:
Society.
AIDS which emerged in the 1980s continued to spread yet more treatment of AIDS made the disease less of a deadly threat to those with access to treatment. A cure was still not found in the '00s despite expectations.
Same-sex marriage has slowly become more accepted, and has become legal in some countries. In 2001 the Netherlands became the first nation in the world to legalize this type of marriage. The 2000s decade saw significant change surrounding this social issue and the change has continued into the 2010s.
By 2000 most Western countries had removed the remaining racial language in their laws.
Linguistic diversity.
As of 2009, SIL Ethnologue catalogued 6909 living human languages. The exact number of known living languages will vary from 5,000 to 10,000, depending generally on the precision of one's definition of "language", and in particular on how one classifies dialects.
Estimates vary depending on many factors but the general consensus is that there are between 6000 and 7000 languages currently spoken, and that between 50-90% of those will have become extinct by the year 2100. The top 20 languages spoken by more than 50 million speakers each, are spoken by 50% of the world's population, whereas many of the other languages are spoken by small communities, most of them with fewer than 10,000 speakers.
Disasters.
Natural disasters.
2000s
2010s
Sports.
At the start of the 21st century sports were very popular. The IOC's Modern Olympic Games was the most viewed sporting event. Association football is the most popular sport worldwide with the FIFA World Cup the most viewed football event. Other sports such as rugby, cricket, baseball, basketball, ice hockey, tennis, and golf were popular globally. In cricket the emergence of the Twenty20 format as well as the creation of the Indian Premier League led to changes in the nature of the sport. American swimmer Michael Phelps won an Olympic record setting 8 Gold medals at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
International tournaments.
Modern Olympic Games
Association Football
Athletics
Aquatics
Cricket
Cycling
Rugby Union
Tennis (Men)
Tennis (Women)
Motorsport
Golf
Wheelchair DanceSport
Entertainment.
Entertainment during the 21st century had evolved from the same types of entertainment which emerged around the middle of the 20th century. Sports, films, music, TV series' and books remained popular into the early 21st century but new forms of entertainment including social networking & internet accessed videos became popular. The most popular mediums of entertainment in the first decade at least were via televisions, the internet, CDs, DVDs and paper. Digital information begins to complete its succession over analog information and storage techniques.
Issues and concerns.
"There are several points-of-view pertaining to the following items, all of which should be considered accordingly."
Issues that have been frequently discussed and debated so far in this century include:
The United Nations lists global issues on its agenda and lists a set of Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) to attempt to address some of these issues.

</doc>
<doc id="18938118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938118" title="Strawberry Shortcake">
Strawberry Shortcake

Strawberry Shortcake is a licensed character owned by American Greetings, originally used in greeting cards and expanded to include dolls, posters, and other products. The Strawberry Shortcake properties also include a toy line of the character's friends and pets.
History.
The original design of Strawberry Shortcake and her cat, Custard was done in 1977 by Muriel Fahrion during her time as a greeting card illustrator at American Greetings' Juvenile & Humorous card department. Fahrion then designed a subsequent 32 characters for Those Characters From Cleveland (American Greetings' toy & licensing design division).
Cindy Mayer Patton and Janet Jones designed the other later characters of the classic Strawberry Shortcake line. Lynn Edwards was the editor of the line and developed the personality profiles as well as the story line and philosophy. The first doll was a rag doll designed by Muriel Fahrion and created by Susan Trentel, Fahrion's sister.
The Strawberry Shortcake line of characters each had their own fruit or dessert-themed name with clothing to match, and they each had a dessert- or fruit-named pet. Like the Strawberry Shortcake doll, all the other characters' dolls had hair scented to match their dessert theme. The characters lived and played in a magical world known as Strawberryland.
During the 1980s, Strawberry Shortcake became a huge fad for young girls throughout the United States. At the time, there were many related products, such as sticker albums, clothing, a video game by Parker Bros. entitled "Strawberry Shortcake Musical Match-Ups" for the Atari 2600 [http://www.mobygames.com/game/atari-2600/strawberry-shortcake-musical-match-ups], and numerous other products. Several TV specials were made featuring the characters, one each year between 1980 and 1985, when the fad had waned. Kenner produced no new dolls or toys thereafter.
In 1991, THQ tried reviving the franchise by producing an updated line of Strawberry Shortcake dolls. Strawberry and five of her classic friends each got a makeover with new clothes, hair, and eyes. However, the line enjoyed at best a modest success, lasting just the one year.
In 2002, the franchise was revived again, this time with a revamped look by a different designer. Many strong licensing deals were made. A television series with new DVDs and VHSs (and in some markets, particularly those in Asia, Video CDs) were released. Soundtracks for the episodes were also released on CD at various intervals. DiC Entertainment was granted rights for producing the TV series. The company sub-licensed the production of videos, DVDs and Video CDs of the Strawberry Shortcake series to 20th Century Fox Home Videos. 20th Century Fox subsequently licensed the production of these videos outside of the U.S. to various other licensees. 
Bandai (along with KellyToy) was granted the manufacturing rights of the Strawberry Shortcake dolls and toys. For the first time in almost two decades, new videogames were launched, produced by The Game Factory for Nintendo's Game Boy Advance and Nintendo DS. Educational CD-ROMs for the PC were also produced.
In 2006, Playmates Toys picked up the rights to manufacture and sell Strawberry Shortcake figurines. The line they produced was named "A World of Friends" and the doll "Frosty Puff" debuted in this new product line. Although a good deal of shuffling and redistribution took place concerning the pets of the re-launched Strawberry Shortcake characters, very few of the new dolls were actually merchandised with their respective pets. 
A full-length feature film, , premiered in 2006 and was released on DVD in February 2007.
The Playmates' new product line was met with mixed reactions from the series' fans; however, the line's public reception was generally negative. As a result, Playmates Toys lost the manufacturing rights to Hasbro, who began releasing new Strawberry Shortcake themed toys beginning in the fall of 2009, after American Greetings rebooted the franchise.
1980s.
Friends.
There is a bit of "wiggle room" in a few cases, between the introduction of a character, and their release as a toy. For instance, Raspberry Tart (the character) was introduced in 1980, with the first Strawberry Shortcake TV Special, alongside Huckleberry Pie, Apple Dumplin', etc., but was not released as a Doll until the next year. The same is true of Strawberry Shortcake's nemesis, The Peculiar Purple Pie Man. Plum Puddin' also debuted in 1980, but would not get a doll until 1984, by which time the character had switched genders, and was now a girl. Moreover, with the exception of Apple Dumplin', Apricot, and The Purple Pie Man, none of the other characters would come packaged with pets (nor would most of them even be known to have pets) until the 1982 releases, when all the earlier-released characters were re-issued with their animal friends. A couple of the characters weren't produced as dolls at all, namely T.N. Honey, Raisin Cane, and Baby Needs-a-Name, who was only made as a larger-sized "Blow-Kiss" baby doll. Raisin Cane was introduced as the niece of villainess Sour Grapes in Issue #1 of Star Comics' (an imprint of Marvel Comics) short-lived Strawberry Shortcake Comic Book, and, as far as is known, was never considered for any kind of commercial merchandising.
1980s television specials.
From 1980 through 1985, annual specials featuring Strawberry Shortcake were produced. Like many other cartoons produced in the 1980s that were based on characters from toy lines, they were produced primarily to sell toys.
The 1980 and 1982 specials were animated by Murakami-Wolf-Swenson and Toei Doga, while the 1983, 1984 and 1985 specials were animated by Nelvana. The 1981 special was a unique case, animated by Perpetual Motion Pictures of New York.
2003 relaunch.
Characters with their pets and homes.
A major revamping took place at the characters' relaunch. Both Pupcake and Custard now belong to Strawberry Shortcake. In Pupcake's place, a new pet, Shoofly Frog, was introduced as Huckleberry Pie's pet, and Apple Dumplin' was relaunched as Strawberry Shortcake's sister. Also, Strawberryland is now divided into "districts" like Cakewalk, Orange Blossom Acres, Huckleberry Briar and Cookie Corners.
Strawberryland Fillies.
The 2003 revival of the franchise introduced fillies to the franchise. Each of the fillies are tied down to a character, with the main filly, Honey Pie Pony, being the only one able to talk and have a pet. However, when Playmates took over the dolls rights from Bandai, they decided to scrap the existing fillies and introduce new ones. However, the removal has not spread beyond the scope of the toy line.
2003 TV series.
In 2003, the Strawberry Shortcake franchise was revived, and with it, a Strawberry Shortcake TV series was finally produced, 19 years after the last special. The series reflected the changes in the direction of the franchise, and has the primary focus on being an educational program. 44 episodes were produced, including four 45-minute specials.
The series is produced by DiC Entertainment and 20th Century Fox.
Theatrically released feature film.
In October 2006, the first Strawberry Shortcake film, "", was released in select cities by Kidtoon Films. The Peculiar Purple Pie-Man of Porcupine Peak and Sour Grapes, which were notably absent from the TV series, are re-introduced in the movie. However, Sour Grapes is re-introduced as Purple Pieman's sister in materials related to the Sweet Dreams Movie. The movie was released on DVD on February 6, 2007, and has also been aired on networks and released on DVD and VideoCDs worldwide.
Soundtracks.
To date, 8 CDs have been released by Koch records since the franchise's revival in 2003. These CDs are soundtrack CDs containing music from the TV series and DVDs, as well as one for the movie. Additionally, a CD was released along with a piano book.
2009 relaunch.
In June 2008, American Greetings announced that Hasbro had won the license from Playmates, and with it they will relaunch the series again. The extensive relaunch involved numerous large redesigns and a reboot of the franchise's universe. The relaunch began in Summer 2009, with the release of a CGI movie, "The Sky's the Limit", with Anna Cummer voicing Strawberry Shortcake. A new TV series, "Strawberry Shortcake's Berry Bitty Adventures", debuted on October 10, 2010 on The Hub.
Merchandise of the 2009 relaunch began appearing in mid-2009.
Currently, the main characters of the show are Strawberry Shortcake, Lemon Meringue, Orange Blossom, Raspberry Torte, Plum Pudding, Blueberry Muffin, and Cherry Jam. Huckleberry Pie, who was reintroduced in the third season of "Berry Bitty Adventures", also visits on occasion.
Video games.
The first Strawberry Shortcake videogame was produced in 1983. It was designed for children, and thus the software was kept as simple as possible, with very simple graphics and sounds (the abilities of the Atari 2600 console were very limited). No further games based upon the franchise were produced until 20 years later, in 2003, with Strawberry Shortcake: Amazing Cookie Party, for the PC. Since then, games have been published for the Nintendo DS and Game Boy Advance, Sony PlayStation 2, PCs and Apple Macintoshes, and even a standalone game console based on Konami's Dance Dance Revolution franchise. In addition, mobile apps for the iOS and Android platforms have also been released.
Controversy.
American McGee's Strawberry Shortcake.
In 2003, webcomic "Penny Arcade" posted an "advertisement" for an imaginary computer game, "American McGee's Strawberry Shortcake"—a parody of the actual computer game "American McGee's Alice", a twisted and violent take on Lewis Carroll's works. American Greetings took offense to the parody and issued a cease-and-desist letter, to which the authors begrudgingly complied - but not without making their indignation very clear.
Some argue that Penny Arcade's case was not covered under the fair use doctrine because the use of the characters in this case was for satire; they claim that fair use only protects the unauthorized use of copyrighted characters in parodies of the original material, and that satire and parody are totally different concepts. Others, however, take the view that parody and satire are equally protected by law.
Ironically, Penny Arcade did not intend to offend American Greetings in the comic, but instead intended to mock American McGee and Mcfarlane Toys, who collaborated to create a toy line based on a twisted version of "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz". The poster also mocked American McGee's game, American McGee's Alice, a game with a dark and twisted take on Lewis Carroll's books, Alice In Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass. 
Various TV shows, including Drawn Together, Robot Chicken, and South Park have since also parodied or satirized Strawberry Shortcake in various ways but have met no retaliation from American Greetings.
Cookie Jar's acquisition.
On June 20, 2008, Cookie Jar Entertainment announced its intention to merge with DiC Entertainment, who holds the rights to the Strawberry Shortcake animated series. The merger was completed on July 23, 2008. On the same day as the finalization of the merger, Cookie Jar Entertainment announced further intentions to acquire the Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears franchises from American Greetings itself. The deal was expected to finalize on September 30, 2008. However, up until April 2009, there was no further word on the status of the acquisition. 
In March 2009, it was announced that Cookie Jar delayed the acquisition back in December 2008 due to difficulty in financing the acquisition. It was also revealed that Cookie Jar offered US$195 million for the franchise. Due to the situation, American Greetings has put the franchise back on sale. It was also announced that a French company called MoonScoop has expressed interest and offered US$95 million for the franchise, US$100 million less than what was offered by Cookie Jar. Cookie Jar has announced intentions to compete against MoonScoop's bid, however. Cookie Jar had until the end of April 2009 to counter MoonScoop's bid. 
This has led to various currently ongoing lawsuits between Cookie Jar, American Greetings and MoonScoop.

</doc>
<doc id="18938119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938119" title="300 metre rifle three positions">
300 metre rifle three positions

300 metre rifle three positions is an ISSF shooting event, involving shooting 40 shots each from the prone, the standing and the kneeling positions. Lately a similar event has been designed for women, where only half the course is shot. Originally there had been champions declared in each position based on the results of the 40 shots in the three position match. A special 300 metre rifle prone match was added in 1982 however, after a pattern from the so-called English Match. After 1990, no World Championship medals have been awarded in the standing or kneeling position.
300 metre rifle has been a declining event for many decades because of the considerable cost for competing in the event and the difficulty of creating ranges for it. The Olympic status was dropped in the 1970s, making 50 metre rifle the only rifle event on the program (10 metre air rifle was later added). 300 metre Rifle is still on the World and regional championships program, though. 
<br clear=all>
World Championships, Men.
This event was held in 1897-2006.
World Championships, Men Team.
This event was held in 1897-2006.
World Championships, Women.
This event was held in 2002-2006.
World Championships, Women Team.
This event was held in 2002-2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18938124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938124" title="Henadzy Makhveyenia">
Henadzy Makhveyenia

Henadzy Makhveyenia (born December 10, 1983) is a Belarusian weightlifter. His personal best combined total is 290 kg.
At the 2006 and 2007 European Weightlifting Championships he won overall silver in the 62 kg category, both times winning gold medals in the snatch.
He competed in Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 62 kg division finishing tenth, with 278 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="18938133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938133" title="Mehdi Taghavi">
Mehdi Taghavi

Mehdi Taghavi Kermani (, born February 20, 1987 in Savadkuh) is an Iranian wrestler. Taghavi was the favorite to win the 2012 London Olympics but was upset in the first round by Cuba's Liván López who ended up winning the bronze. Taghavi had previously beaten Lopez at the 2011 World Wrestling Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18938141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938141" title="Ricky Otero">
Ricky Otero

Ricardo Otero (born April 15, 1972 in Vega Baja, Puerto Rico) is a retired Major League Baseball player who played outfielder from to . He played for the Philadelphia Phillies and New York Mets.

</doc>
<doc id="18938142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938142" title="Tomasz Kulawik">
Tomasz Kulawik

Tomasz Kulawik (born 4 May 1969 in Olkusz) is a retired Polish footballer and current coach.
Club career.
On the field, he played as a midfielder. In the Ekstraklasa, he played for Zaglebie Sosnowiec, Wisła Kraków, and Ruch Chorzow whom he played for 257 times and scored 37 goals. With Wisła Kraków he won the Ekstraklasa championship twice, in the 1998–99 and 2000–01 seasons. In addition, he contributed to the winning of the Polish Cup in 2001–02, Polish Supercup in 2001 and League Cup in 2000–01.
International career.
Kulawik made two appearances for the Poland national football team during 1998.
Coaching career.
After finishing his playing career, he joined the coaching staff of Wisła Kraków. After the dismissal of Jerzy Engel in 2005, he became a new coach of Wisła Kraków. Then he was the coach of Wisła Kraków reserve team and youth team in the Młoda Ekstraklasa.

</doc>
<doc id="18938143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938143" title="300 metre rifle prone">
300 metre rifle prone

300 metre rifle prone is an ISSF shooting event. It was added to the World Championship program in 1982, and was based on the English Match but shot with the same full-power rifle as in 300 metre rifle three positions. The course of fire, like in the small-bore 50 metre rifle prone, is 60 shots for both men and women.
300 metre rifle has been a declining event for many decades because of the considerable cost for competing in the event and the difficulty of creating ranges for it. 300 metre Rifle is still on the World and regional championships program, though. 
World Championships, Men.
This event was held in 1982-2006.
World Championships, Men Team.
This event was held in 1982-2006.
World Championships, Women.
This event was held in 2002-2006.
World Championships, Women Team.
This event was held in 2002-2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18938145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938145" title="Bernie Wandel">
Bernie Wandel

Bernie Wandel is an American musician best known as the bass guitarist for two Henry Rollins albums, "Hot Animal Machine" and "Drive By Shooting".
In addition to the Rollins band, he has performed in Special K, Guilt Combo, 9353, Raincrow and Elegy Circa 1923. He was also a member of the Chris Haskett Trio.
In the 1990s he managed the Black Cat night club in Washington, D.C. and, calling himself a "bass historian", he organized and hosted events such as Getting to First Bass, a series of solo bass performances.
His work with Henry Rollins and other punk bands is cited in "Dance of Days: Two Decades of Punk in the Nation's Capital", by Mark Andersen and Mark Jenkins.
Yoga Work.
Bernie is an E-RYT 500 certified yoga teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="18938150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938150" title="List of Get Smart episodes">
List of Get Smart episodes

The following is an episode list for "Get Smart", an American spy spoof television series broadcast from September 18, 1965 to May 15, 1970. The show's first four seasons were initially broadcast on NBC, and its last season was on CBS.
Each of the five seasons has been released on DVD by HBO; also, the entire series has been released in a single box set, first by Time–Life, then by HBO.
For the 7 episodes of the 1995 "Get Smart", see "Get Smart" (1995 TV series).
Episodes.
Season 1: 1965–66.
Debuting on Sept. 18, 1965, the series aired on Saturday nights following "I Dream of Jeannie" and opposite "The Lawrence Welk Show" (ABC) and "The Trials of O'Brien" (CBS). 
The season earned executive producer Leonard B. Stern an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Comedy Series and Don Adams for Outstanding Continued Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Comedy Series. Two episodes were nominated for Primetime Emmy Awards: "Diplomat's Daughter" for Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Comedy (Paul Bogart) and "Mr. Big" for Outstanding Writing Achievement in Comedy (Buck Henry and Mel Brooks). 
Season 2: 1966–67.
The second season of "Get Smart" aired on Saturday nights following "Please Don't Eat the Daisies" and opposite "The Lawrence Welk Show" (ABC) and "Pistols 'n' Petticoats" (CBS).
Season 3: 1967–68.
For the third season, "Get Smart" aired on Saturday nights following "Maya" and opposite "The Lawrence Welk Show" (ABC) and "My Three Sons" (CBS).
Season 4: 1968–69.
Season Four of "Get Smart" aired on Saturday nights following "Adam-12" and opposite "The Newlywed Game" (ABC) and the second half of "The Jackie Gleason Show" (CBS). It was the last season on NBC.
Season 5: 1969–70.
After its move to CBS, the series aired on Friday nights opposite "Let's Make a Deal" (ABC) and "The High Chaparral" (NBC). This is the series' final season.

</doc>
<doc id="18938153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938153" title="Lave (disambiguation)">
Lave (disambiguation)

Lave was an ironclad floating battery of the French Navy during the 19th century.
Lave may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18938156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938156" title="J. D. Salinger">
J. D. Salinger

Jerome David Salinger (; January 1, 1919 January 27, 2010) was an American writer who won acclaim early in life. He led a very private life for more than a half-century. He published his final original work in 1965 and gave his last interview in 1980.
Salinger was raised in Manhattan and began writing short stories while in secondary school. Several were published in "Story" magazine in the early 1940s before he began serving in World War II. In 1948, his critically acclaimed story "A Perfect Day for Bananafish" appeared in "The New Yorker" magazine, which became home to much of his later work. In 1951, his novel "The Catcher in the Rye" was an immediate popular success. His depiction of adolescent alienation and loss of innocence in the protagonist Holden Caulfield was influential, especially among adolescent readers. The novel remains widely read and controversial, selling around 250,000 copies a year.
The success of "The Catcher in the Rye" led to public attention and scrutiny. Salinger became reclusive, publishing new work less frequently. He followed "Catcher" with a short story collection, "Nine Stories" (1953); a volume containing a novella and a short story, "Franny and Zooey" (1961); and a volume containing two novellas, "" (1963). His last published work, a novella entitled "Hapworth 16, 1924", appeared in "The New Yorker" on June 19, 1965.
Afterward, Salinger struggled with unwanted attention, including a legal battle in the 1980s with biographer Ian Hamilton and the release in the late 1990s of memoirs written by two people close to him: Joyce Maynard, an ex-lover; and Margaret Salinger, his daughter. In 1996, a small publisher announced a deal with Salinger to publish "Hapworth 16, 1924" in book form, but amid the ensuing publicity the release was indefinitely delayed. He made headlines around the globe in June 2009 when he filed a lawsuit against another writer for copyright infringement resulting from that writer's use of one of the characters from "The Catcher in the Rye". Salinger died of natural causes on January 27, 2010, at his home in Cornish, New Hampshire. In November 2013, three unpublished stories by Salinger were briefly posted online. One of the stories, called "The Ocean Full of Bowling Balls," is said to be a prequel to "The Catcher in the Rye". It is stipulated in Salinger's will that these stories are not to be published until fifty years after his death.
Early life and experiences.
Jerome David Salinger was born in New York City, on New Year's Day, 1919. His mother, Marie (née Jillich), was born in Atlantic, Iowa, of Scottish, German, and Irish descents. His paternal grandfather, Simon, born in Lithuania, was at one time the rabbi for the Adath Jeshurun congregation in Louisville, Kentucky. His father, Sol Salinger, sold kosher cheese. Salinger's mother changed her name to Miriam and passed as Jewish. Salinger did not learn that his mother was not Jewish until just after his bar mitzvah. His only sibling was his older sister Doris (1911–2001).
The young Salinger attended public schools on the West Side of Manhattan. Then in 1932, the family moved to Park Avenue, and Salinger was enrolled at the McBurney School, a nearby private school. At McBurney, he managed the fencing team, wrote for the school newspaper and appeared in plays. He "showed an innate talent for drama", though his father opposed the idea of J.D.'s becoming an actor.
His parents then enrolled him at Valley Forge Military Academy in Wayne, Pennsylvania. Though he had written for the school newspaper at McBurney, Salinger began writing stories "under the covers night, with the aid of a flashlight". Salinger was the literary editor of the class yearbook, Cross Sabres. He also participated in the Glee Club, Aviation Club, French Club, and the Non-Commissioned Officers Club. Salinger's Valley Forge 201 file reveals that he was a "mediocre" student, and unlike the overachievement enjoyed by members of the Glass family he would go on to write about, his recorded IQ was far from that of a genius. He graduated in 1936.
Salinger started his freshman year at New York University in 1936. He considered studying special education but dropped out the following spring. That fall, his father urged him to learn about the meat-importing business, and he went to work at a company in Vienna, Austria. He left Austria one month before it was annexed by Nazi Germany on March 12, 1938.
In the fall of 1938, Salinger attended Ursinus College in Collegeville, Pennsylvania, and wrote a column called "skipped diploma", which included movie reviews. He dropped out after one semester.
In 1939, Salinger attended a Columbia University School of General Studies evening writing class taught by Whit Burnett, longtime editor of "Story" magazine. According to Burnett, Salinger did not distinguish himself until a few weeks before the end of the second semester, at which point "he suddenly came to life" and completed three stories. Burnett told Salinger that his stories were skillful and accomplished, accepting "The Young Folks", a vignette about several aimless youths, for publication in "Story". Salinger's debut short story was published in the magazine's March–April 1940 issue. Burnett became Salinger's mentor, and they corresponded for several years.
World War II.
In 1941, Salinger started dating Oona O'Neill, daughter of the playwright Eugene O'Neill. Despite finding the debutante self-absorbed (he confided to a friend that "Little Oona's hopelessly in love with little Oona"), he called her often and wrote her long letters. Their relationship ended when Oona began seeing Charlie Chaplin, whom she eventually married. In late 1941, Salinger briefly worked on a Caribbean cruise ship, serving as an activity director and possibly as a performer.
The same year, Salinger began submitting short stories to "The New Yorker". Seven of Salinger's stories were rejected by the magazine that year, including "Lunch for Three", "Monologue for a Watery Highball", and "I Went to School with Adolf Hitler". In December 1941, however, the publication accepted "Slight Rebellion off Madison", a Manhattan-set story about a disaffected teenager named Holden Caulfield with "pre-war jitters". When Japan carried out the attack on Pearl Harbor that month, the story was rendered "unpublishable"; it did not appear in the magazine until 1946. In the spring of 1942, several months after the United States entered World War II, Salinger was drafted into the army, wherein he saw combat with the 12th Infantry Regiment, 4th Infantry Division. He was active at Utah Beach on D-Day, in the Battle of the Bulge, and the Battle of Hürtgen Forest.
During the campaign from Normandy into Germany, Salinger arranged to meet with Ernest Hemingway, a writer who had influenced him and was then working as a war correspondent in Paris. Salinger was impressed with Hemingway's friendliness and modesty, finding him more "soft" than his gruff public persona. Hemingway was impressed by Salinger's writing and remarked: "Jesus, he has a helluva talent." The two writers began corresponding; Salinger wrote Hemingway in July 1946 that their talks were among his few positive memories of the war. Salinger added that he was working on a play about Holden Caulfield, the protagonist of his story "Slight Rebellion off Madison", and hoped to play the part himself.
Salinger was assigned to a counter-intelligence division, for which he used his proficiency in French and German to interrogate prisoners of war. In April 1945 he entered a liberated concentration camp, probably one of Dachau's sub-camps. Salinger earned the rank of Staff Sergeant and served in five campaigns. Salinger's experiences in the war affected him emotionally. He was hospitalized for a few weeks for combat stress reaction after Germany was defeated, and he later told his daughter: "You never really get the smell of burning flesh out of your nose entirely, no matter how long you live." Both of his biographers speculate that Salinger drew upon his wartime experiences in several stories, such as "For Esmé—with Love and Squalor", which is narrated by a traumatized soldier. Salinger continued to write while serving in the army, publishing several stories in slick magazines such as "Collier's" and "The Saturday Evening Post". He also continued to submit stories to "The New Yorker", but with little success; it rejected all of his submissions from 1944 to 1946, a group of 15 poems in 1945 alone.
Post-war years.
After Germany's defeat, Salinger signed up for a six-month period of "Denazification" duty in Germany for the Counterintelligence Corps. He lived in Weissenburg and, soon after, married Sylvia Welter. He brought her to the United States in April 1946, but the marriage fell apart after eight months and Sylvia returned to Germany. In 1972, Salinger's daughter Margaret was with him when he received a letter from Sylvia. He looked at the envelope, and without reading it, tore it apart. It was the first time he had heard from her since the breakup, but as Margaret put it, "when he was finished with a person, he was through with them."
In 1946, Whit Burnett agreed to help Salinger publish a collection of his short stories through "Story" Press's Lippincott Imprint. Titled "The Young Folks", the collection was to consist of twenty stories—ten, like the title story and "Slight Rebellion off Madison", were already in print; ten were previously unpublished. Though Burnett implied the book would be published and even negotiated Salinger a $1,000 advance on its sale, Lippincott overruled Burnett and rejected the book. Salinger blamed Burnett for the book's failure to see print, and the two became estranged.
By the late 1940s, Salinger had become an avid follower of Zen Buddhism, to the point that he "gave reading lists on the subject to his dates" and arranged a meeting with Buddhist scholar D. T. Suzuki.
In 1947, the author submitted a short story titled simply "The Bananafish" to "The New Yorker". William Maxwell, the magazine's fiction editor, was impressed enough with "the singular quality of the story" that the magazine asked Salinger to continue revising it. He spent a year reworking it with New Yorker editors and the magazine accepted the story, now titled "A Perfect Day for Bananafish", and published it in the January 31, 1948 issue. The magazine thereon offered Salinger a "first-look" contract that allowed them right of first refusal on any future stories. The critical acclaim accorded "Bananafish", coupled with problems Salinger had with stories being altered by the "slicks", led him to publish almost exclusively in "The New Yorker". "Bananafish" was also the first of Salinger's published stories to feature the Glasses, a fictional family consisting of two retired vaudeville performers and their seven precocious children: Seymour, Buddy, Boo Boo, Walt, Waker, Zooey, and Franny. Salinger eventually published seven stories about the Glasses, developing a detailed family history and focusing particularly on Seymour, the brilliant but troubled eldest child.
In the early 1940s, Salinger had confided in a letter to Whit Burnett that he was eager to sell the film rights to some of his stories in order to achieve financial security. According to Ian Hamilton, Salinger was disappointed when "rumblings from Hollywood" over his 1943 short story "The Varioni Brothers" came to nothing. Therefore he immediately agreed when, in mid-1948, independent film producer Samuel Goldwyn offered to buy the film rights to his short story "Uncle Wiggily in Connecticut". Though Salinger sold his story with the hope—in the words of his agent Dorothy Olding—that it "would make a good movie", the film version of "Wiggily" was lambasted by critics upon its release in 1949. Renamed "My Foolish Heart" and starring Dana Andrews and Susan Hayward, the melodramatic film departed to such an extent from Salinger's story that Goldwyn biographer A. Scott Berg referred to it as a "bastardization". As a result of this experience, Salinger never again permitted film adaptations to be made from his work. When Brigitte Bardot wanted to buy the rights to "A Perfect Day for Bananafish", Salinger refused the request, but told his friend, Lillian Ross, longtime staff writer for "The New Yorker", "She's a cute, talented, lost "enfante", and I'm tempted to accommodate her, "pour le sport"."
"The Catcher in the Rye".
In the 1940s, Salinger confided to several people that he was working on a novel featuring Holden Caulfield, the teenage protagonist of his short story "Slight Rebellion off Madison", and "The Catcher in the Rye" was published on July 16, 1951, by Little, Brown and Company. The novel's plot is simple, detailing 16-year-old Holden's experiences in New York City following his expulsion and departure from an elite college preparatory school. Not only was he expelled from his current school, he had also been expelled from three previous schools. The book is more notable for the persona and testimonial voice of its first-person narrator, Holden. He serves as an insightful but unreliable narrator who expounds on the importance of loyalty, the "phoniness" of adulthood, and his own duplicity. In a 1953 interview with a high school newspaper, Salinger admitted that the novel was "sort of" autobiographical, explaining, "My boyhood was very much the same as that of the boy in the book ... t was a great relief telling people about it."
Initial reactions to the book were mixed, ranging from "The New York Times" hailing "Catcher" as "an unusually brilliant first novel" to denigrations of the book's monotonous language and the "immorality and perversion" of Holden, who uses religious slurs and freely discusses casual sex and prostitution. The novel was a popular success; within two months of its publication, "The Catcher in the Rye" had been reprinted eight times. It spent 30 weeks on the "New York Times" Bestseller list.
The book's initial success was followed by a brief lull in popularity, but by the late 1950s, according to Ian Hamilton, it had "become the book all brooding adolescents had to buy, the indispensable manual from which cool styles of disaffectation could be borrowed." It has been compared to Mark Twain's "The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn". Newspapers began publishing articles about the "Catcher Cult", and the novel was banned in several countries—as well as some U.S. schools—because of its subject matter and what "Catholic World" reviewer Riley Hughes called an "excessive use of amateur swearing and coarse language". One diligent parent counted 237 appearances of the word "goddam" in the novel, along with 58 of "bastard", 31 of "Chrissake" and six of "fuck".
In the 1970s, several U.S. high school teachers who assigned the book were fired or forced to resign. A 1979 study of censorship noted that "The Catcher in the Rye" "had the dubious distinction of being at once the most frequently censored book across the nation and the second-most frequently taught novel in public high schools" (after John Steinbeck's "Of Mice and Men"). The book remains widely read; in 2004, the novel was selling about 250,000 copies per year, "with total worldwide sales over 10 million copies".
In the wake of its 1950s success, Salinger received (and rejected) numerous offers to adapt "The Catcher in the Rye" for the screen, including one from Samuel Goldwyn. Since its publication, there has been sustained interest in the novel among filmmakers, with Billy Wilder, Harvey Weinstein, and Steven Spielberg among those seeking to secure the rights. Salinger stated in the 1970s that "Jerry Lewis tried for years to get his hands on the part of Holden." Salinger repeatedly refused, though, and in 1999, Joyce Maynard definitively concluded: "The only person who might ever have played Holden Caulfield would have been J. D. Salinger."
Writing in the 1950s and move to Cornish.
In a July 1951 profile in "Book of the Month Club News", Salinger's friend and "New Yorker" editor William Maxwell asked Salinger about his literary influences. Salinger responded: "A writer, when he's asked to discuss his craft, ought to get up and call out in a loud voice just the names of the writers he loves. I love Kafka, Flaubert, Tolstoy, Chekhov, Dostoevsky, Proust, O'Casey, Rilke, Lorca, Keats, Rimbaud, Burns, E. Brontë, Jane Austen, Henry James, Blake, Coleridge. I won't name any living writers. I don't think it's right." In letters written in the 1940s, Salinger had expressed his admiration of three living, or recently deceased, writers: Sherwood Anderson, Ring Lardner, and F. Scott Fitzgerald; Ian Hamilton wrote that Salinger even saw himself for some time as "Fitzgerald's successor". Salinger's "A Perfect Day for Bananafish" has an ending similar to that of Fitzgerald's earlier published short story "May Day".
After several years of practicing Zen Buddhism, in 1952, while reading "The Gospel of Sri Ramakrishna" about Hindu religious teacher Sri Ramakrishna, Salinger wrote friends of a momentous change in his life. He became an adherent of Ramakrishna's Advaita Vedanta Hinduism, which advocated celibacy for those seeking enlightenment, and detachment from human responsibilities such as family. Salinger's religious studies were reflected in some of his writing. The story "Teddy" features a ten-year-old child who expresses Vedantic insights. He also studied the writings of Ramakrishna's disciple Vivekananda; in the story "Hapworth 16, 1924", the character of Seymour Glass describes him as "one of the most exciting, original and best-equipped giants of this century."
In 1953, Salinger published a collection of seven stories from "The New Yorker" ("Bananafish" among them), as well as two that the magazine had rejected. The collection was published as "Nine Stories" in the United States, and "For Esmé—with Love and Squalor" in the UK, after one of Salinger's best-known stories. The book received grudgingly positive reviews, and was a financial success—"remarkably so for a volume of short stories", according to Hamilton. "Nine Stories" spent three months on the "New York Times" Bestseller list. Already tightening his grip on publicity, though, Salinger refused to allow publishers of the collection to depict his characters in dust jacket illustrations, lest readers form preconceived notions of them.
As the notoriety of "The Catcher in the Rye" grew, Salinger gradually withdrew from public view. In 1953, he moved from an apartment at
300 East 57th Street, New York, to Cornish, New Hampshire. Early in his time at Cornish he was relatively sociable, particularly with students at Windsor High School. Salinger invited them to his house frequently to play records and talk about problems at school. One such student, Shirley Blaney, persuaded Salinger to be interviewed for the high school page of "The Daily Eagle", the city paper. Nonetheless, after Blaney's interview appeared prominently in the newspaper's editorial section, Salinger cut off all contact with the high schoolers without explanation. He was also seen less frequently around town, meeting only one close friend—jurist Learned Hand—with any regularity. He also began to publish with less frequency. After the 1953 publication of "Nine Stories", he published only four stories through the rest of the decade; two in 1955 and one each in 1957 and 1959.
Marriage and family.
In June 1955, at the age of 36, Salinger married Claire Douglas, a Radcliffe student (her father was the art critic Robert Langton Douglas). They had two children, Margaret (b. December 10, 1955) and Matthew (b. February 13, 1960). Margaret Salinger wrote in her memoir "Dream Catcher" that she believes her parents would not have married, nor would she have been born, had her father not read the teachings of Lahiri Mahasaya, a guru of Paramahansa Yogananda, which brought the possibility of enlightenment to those following the path of the "householder" (a married person with children). After their marriage, J.D. and Claire were initiated into the path of Kriya yoga in a small store-front Hindu temple in Washington, D.C., during the summer of 1955. They received a mantra and breathing exercises to practice for ten minutes twice a day.
Salinger also insisted that Claire drop out of school and live with him, only four months shy of graduation, which she did. Certain elements of the story "Franny", published in January 1955, are based on his relationship with Claire, including her ownership of the book "The Way of the Pilgrim". Because of their isolated location and Salinger's proclivities, they hardly saw other people for long stretches of time. Claire was also frustrated by Salinger's ever-changing religious beliefs. Though she committed herself to Kriya yoga, she remembered that Salinger would chronically leave Cornish to work on a story "for several weeks only to return with the piece he was supposed to be finishing all undone or destroyed and some new 'ism' we had to follow." Claire believed "it was to cover the fact that Jerry had just destroyed or junked or couldn't face the quality of, or couldn't face publishing, what he had created."
After abandoning Kriya yoga, Salinger tried Dianetics (the forerunner of Scientology), even meeting its founder L. Ron Hubbard, but according to Claire he was quickly disenchanted with it. This was followed by an adherence to a number of spiritual, medical, and nutritional belief systems including an interest in Christian Science, Edgar Cayce, homeopathy, acupuncture, and macrobiotics.
Salinger's family life was further marked by discord after the first child was born; according to Margaret's book, Claire felt that her daughter had replaced her in Salinger's affections. The infant Margaret was sick much of the time, but Salinger, having embraced the tenets of Christian Science, refused to take her to a doctor. According to Margaret, her mother admitted to her years later that she went "over the edge" in the winter of 1957 and had made plans to murder her and then commit suicide. Claire had supposedly intended to do it during a trip to New York City with Salinger, but she instead acted on a sudden impulse to take Margaret from the hotel and run away. After a few months, Salinger persuaded her to return to Cornish.
Last publications and Maynard relationship.
Salinger published "Franny and Zooey" in 1961, and "" in 1963. Each book contained two short stories or novellas, previously published in "The New Yorker", about members of the Glass family. These four stories were originally published between 1955 and 1959, and were the only ones Salinger had published since "Nine Stories". On the dust jacket of "Franny and Zooey", Salinger wrote, in reference to his interest in privacy: "It is my rather subversive opinion that a writer's feelings of anonymity-obscurity are the second most valuable property on loan to him during his working years."
On September 15, 1961, "Time" magazine devoted its cover to Salinger. In an article that profiled his "life of recluse", the magazine reported that the Glass family series "is nowhere near completion ... Salinger intends to write a Glass trilogy." Nonetheless, Salinger published only one other story after that: "Hapworth 16, 1924", a novella in the form of a long letter from seven-year-old Seymour Glass while at summer camp. His first new work in six years, the novella took up most of the June 19, 1965, issue of "The New Yorker," and was universally critically panned. Around this time, Salinger had isolated Claire from friends and relatives and made her—in the words of Margaret Salinger—"a virtual prisoner". Claire separated from him in September 1966; their divorce was finalized on October 3, 1967.
In 1972, at the age of 53, Salinger had a relationship with 18-year-old Joyce Maynard that lasted for nine months. Maynard, at this time, was already an experienced writer for "Seventeen" magazine. "The New York Times" had asked Maynard to write an article for them which, when published as "An Eighteen-Year-Old Looks Back On Life" on April 23, 1972, made her a celebrity. Salinger wrote a letter to her warning about living with fame. After exchanging 25 letters, Maynard moved in with Salinger the summer after her freshman year at Yale University. Maynard did not return to Yale that fall, and spent ten months as a guest in Salinger's Cornish home. The relationship ended, he told his daughter Margaret at a family outing, because Maynard wanted children, and he felt he was too old. Nevertheless, in her own autobiography, Maynard paints a different picture, saying Salinger abruptly ended the relationship and refused to take her back. She had dropped out of Yale to be with him, even forgoing a scholarship. Maynard later writes in her own memoir how she came to find out that Salinger had begun relationships with young women by exchanging letters. One of those letter recipients included Salinger's last wife, a nurse who was already engaged to be married to someone else when she met the author.
While he was living with Maynard, Salinger continued to write in a disciplined fashion, a few hours every morning. According to Maynard, by 1972 he had completed two new novels. In a rare 1974 interview with "The New York Times", he explained: "There is a marvelous peace in not publishing ... I like to write. I love to write. But I write just for myself and my own pleasure." According to Maynard, he saw publication as "a damned interruption". In her memoir, Margaret Salinger describes the detailed filing system her father had for his unpublished manuscripts: "A red mark meant, if I die before I finish my work, publish this 'as is,' blue meant publish but edit first, and so on." A neighbor said that Salinger told him that he had written 15 unpublished novels.
Salinger's final interview was in June 1980 with Betty Eppes of "The Baton Rouge Advocate", which has been represented somewhat differently, depending on the secondary source. By one account, Eppes was an attractive young woman who misrepresented herself as an aspiring novelist, and managed to record audio of the interview as well as take several photographs of Salinger, both without his knowledge or consent. In a separate account, emphasis is placed on her contact by letter writing from the local Post Office, and Salinger's personal initiative to cross the bridge to meet with the woman, who in the course of the interview made clear she was a reporter (and who did indeed, at the close, take pictures of Salinger as he departed). According to the first account, the interview ended "disastrously" when a local passer-by from Cornish attempted to shake the famous author's hand, at which point Salinger became enraged. A further account of the interview published later in "The Paris Review", purportedly by Eppes as author, has been disowned by Eppes and separately ascribed as a derived work of Review Editor George Plimpton.
Legal conflicts.
Although Salinger tried to escape public exposure as much as possible, he continued to struggle with unwanted attention from both the media and the public. Readers of his work and students from nearby Dartmouth College often came to Cornish in groups, hoping to catch a glimpse of him. In May 1986 Salinger learned that the British writer Ian Hamilton intended to publish a biography that made extensive use of letters Salinger had written to other authors and friends. Salinger sued to stop the book's publication. The court in "Salinger v. Random House" ruled that Hamilton's extensive use of the letters, including quotation and paraphrasing, was not acceptable since the author's right to control publication overrode the right of fair use.
The book was not published.
Later, Hamilton published "In Search of J.D. Salinger: A Writing Life (1935–65)", but this book was more about his experience in tracking down information and the copyright fights over the planned biography than about Salinger himself.
An unintended consequence of the lawsuit was that many details of Salinger's private life, including that he had spent the last twenty years writing, in his words, "Just a work of fiction ... That's all", became public in the form of court transcripts. Excerpts from his letters were also widely disseminated, most notably a bitter remark written in response to Oona O'Neill's marriage to Charlie Chaplin:
Salinger was romantically involved with television actress Elaine Joyce for several years in the 1980s. The relationship ended when he met Colleen O'Neill (b. June 11, 1959), a nurse and quiltmaker, whom he married around 1988. O'Neill, forty years his junior, once told Margaret Salinger that she and Salinger were trying to have a child.
In 1995, Iranian director Dariush Mehrjui released the film "Pari", an unauthorized and loose adaptation of Salinger's "Franny and Zooey". Though the film could be distributed legally in Iran since the country has no official copyright relations with the United States, Salinger had his lawyers block a planned screening of the film at the Lincoln Center in 1998. Mehrjui called Salinger's action "bewildering", explaining that he saw his film as "a kind of cultural exchange".
In 1996, Salinger gave a small publisher, Orchises Press, permission to publish "Hapworth 16, 1924", the previously uncollected novella. It was to be published that year, and listings for it appeared at Amazon.com and other book-sellers. After a flurry of articles and critical reviews of the story appeared in the press, the publication date was pushed back repeatedly before apparently being cancelled altogether. Amazon anticipated that Orchises would publish the story in January 2009, but at the time of his death it was still listed as "currently unavailable".
In June 2009, Salinger consulted lawyers about the upcoming publication in the US of an unauthorized sequel to "The Catcher in the Rye" written by Swedish book publisher Fredrik Colting under the pseudonym J. D. California. California's book is called "", and appears to pick up the story of Salinger's protagonist Holden Caulfield. In Salinger's novel, Caulfield is 17 years old, wandering the streets of New York after being expelled from his private school; the California book features a 76-year-old man, "Mr. C", musing on having escaped his nursing home. Salinger's New York literary agent Phyllis Westberg told Britain's "Sunday Telegraph": "The matter has been turned over to a lawyer." The fact that little was known about Colting and the book was set to be published by a new publishing imprint called 'Windupbird Publishing' gave rise to speculation in literary circles that the whole thing might be a stunt. District court judge Deborah A. Batts issued an injunction which prevents the book from being published within the U.S. The book's author filed an appeal on July 23, 2009; it was heard in the Second Circuit Court of Appeals on September 3, 2009. The case was settled in 2011 when Colting agreed not to publish or otherwise distribute the book, e-book, or any other editions of "60 Years Later" in the U.S. or Canada until "The Catcher in the Rye" enters the public domain, while also refraining from using the title "Coming through the Rye", dedicating the book to Salinger or referring to the title "The Catcher in the Rye", while Colting remains free to sell the book in other international territories without fear of interference.
Later publicity.
In 1999, 25 years after the end of their relationship, Joyce Maynard put up for auction a series of letters Salinger had written to her. Maynard's memoir of her life and her relationship with Salinger, "At Home in the World: A Memoir", was published the same year. Among other topics, the book described how Maynard's mother had consulted with her on how to appeal to the aging author (dressing like a child), and described Joyce's relationship with him at length. In the ensuing controversy over both the memoir and the letters, Maynard claimed that she was forced to auction the letters for financial reasons; she would have preferred to donate them to the Beinecke Library. Software developer Peter Norton bought the letters for $156,500 and announced his intention to return them to Salinger.
A year later, Salinger's daughter Margaret by his second wife Claire Douglas, published "". In her book, she described the harrowing control Salinger had over her mother and dispelled many of the Salinger myths established by Ian Hamilton's book. One of Hamilton's arguments was that Salinger's experience with post-traumatic stress disorder left him psychologically scarred, and that he was unable to deal with the traumatic nature of his war service. Though Ms. Salinger allowed that "the few men who lived through 'Bloody Mortain,' a battle in which her father fought, were left with much to sicken them, body and soul", she also painted a picture of her father as a man immensely proud of his service record, maintaining his military haircut and service jacket, and moving about his compound (and town) in an old Jeep.
Both Margaret Salinger and Maynard characterized the author as a devoted film buff. According to Margaret, his favorite movies include "Gigi", "The Lady Vanishes", "The 39 Steps" (Phoebe's favorite movie in "The Catcher in the Rye"), and the comedies of W.C. Fields, Laurel and Hardy, and the Marx Bros.. Predating VCRs, Salinger had an extensive collection of classic movies from the 1940s in 16 mm prints. Maynard wrote that "he loves movies, not films," and his daughter argued that her father's "worldview is, essentially, a product of the movies of his day. To my father, all Spanish speakers are Puerto Rican washerwomen, or the toothless, grinning-gypsy types in a Marx Brothers movie." Lillian Ross, a staff writer for "The New Yorker" and longtime friend of Salinger, wrote following his death, "Salinger loved movies, and he was more fun than anyone to discuss them with. He enjoyed watching actors work, and he enjoyed knowing them. (He loved Anne Bancroft, hated Audrey Hepburn, and said that he had seen "Grand Illusion" ten times.)"
Margaret also offered many insights into other Salinger myths, including her father's supposed long-time interest in macrobiotics and involvement with "alternative medicine" and Eastern philosophies. A few weeks after "Dream Catcher" was published, Margaret's brother Matt discredited the memoir in a letter to "The New York Observer". He disparaged his sister's "gothic tales of our supposed childhood" and stated: "I can't say with any authority that she is consciously making anything up. I just know that I grew up in a very different house, with two very different parents from those my sister describes."
Death.
Salinger died of natural causes at his home in New Hampshire on January 27, 2010. He was 91. Salinger's literary representative told "The New York Times" that the writer had broken his hip in May 2009, but that "his health had been excellent until a rather sudden decline after the new year." The representative believed that Salinger's death was not a painful one. His third wife and widow, Colleen O'Neill Zakrzeski Salinger, and Salinger's son Matt became the executors of his estate.
Literary style and themes.
In a contributor's note Salinger gave to "Harper's Magazine" in 1946, he wrote: "I almost always write about very young people", a statement which has been referred to as his credo. Adolescents are featured or appear in all of Salinger's work, from his first published short story, "The Young Folks", to "The Catcher in the Rye" and his Glass family stories. In 1961, the critic Alfred Kazin explained that Salinger's choice of teenagers as a subject matter was one reason for his appeal to young readers, but another was "a consciousness youths that he speaks for them and virtually "to" them, in a language that is peculiarly honest and their own, with a vision of things that capture their most secret judgments of the world." For this reason, Norman Mailer once remarked that Salinger was "the greatest mind ever to stay in prep school". Salinger's language, especially his energetic, realistically sparse dialogue, was revolutionary at the time his first stories were published, and was seen by several critics as "the most distinguishing thing" about his work.
Salinger identified closely with his characters, and used techniques such as interior monologue, letters, and extended telephone calls to display his gift for dialogue. Such style elements also " him the illusion of having, as it were, delivered his characters' destinies into their own keeping." Recurring themes in Salinger's stories also connect to the ideas of innocence and adolescence, including the "corrupting influence of Hollywood and the world at large", the disconnect between teenagers and "phony" adults, and the perceptive, precocious intelligence of children.
Contemporary critics discuss a clear progression over the course of Salinger's published work, as evidenced by the increasingly negative reviews received by each of his three post-"Catcher" story collections. Ian Hamilton adheres to this view, arguing that while Salinger's early stories for the "slicks" boasted "tight, energetic" dialogue, they had also been formulaic and sentimental. It took the standards of "The New Yorker" editors, among them William Shawn, to refine his writing into the "spare, teasingly mysterious, withheld" qualities of "A Perfect Day for Bananafish", "The Catcher in the Rye", and his stories of the early 1950s. By the late 1950s, as Salinger became more reclusive and involved in religious study, Hamilton notes that his stories became longer, less plot-driven, and increasingly filled with digression and parenthetical remarks. Louis Menand agrees, writing in "The New Yorker" that Salinger "stopped writing stories, in the conventional sense ... He seemed to lose interest in fiction as an art form—perhaps he thought there was something manipulative or inauthentic about literary device and authorial control." In recent years, some critics have defended certain post-"Nine Stories" works by Salinger; in 2001, Janet Malcolm wrote in "The New York Review of Books" that "Zooey" "is arguably Salinger's masterpiece ... Rereading it and its companion piece "Franny" is no less rewarding than rereading "The Great Gatsby"."
Influence.
Salinger's writing has influenced several prominent writers, prompting Harold Brodkey (himself an O. Henry Award-winning author) to state in 1991: "His is the most influential body of work in English prose by anyone since Hemingway." Of the writers in Salinger's generation, Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist John Updike attested that "the short stories of J. D. Salinger really opened my eyes as to how you can weave fiction out of a set of events that seem almost unconnected, or very lightly connected ... Salinger stickin my mind as really having moved me a step up, as it were, toward knowing how to handle my own material." The critic Louis Menand has observed that the early stories of Pulitzer Prize-winner Philip Roth were affected by "Salinger's voice and comic timing".
National Book Award finalist Richard Yates told "The New York Times" in 1977 that reading Salinger's stories for the first time was a landmark experience, and that "nothing quite like it has happened to me since". Yates describes Salinger as "a man who used language as if it were pure energy beautifully controlled, and who knew exactly what he was doing in every silence as well as in every word." Gordon Lish's O. Henry Award-winning short story "For Jeromé—With Love and Kisses" (1977, collected in "What I Know So Far", 1984), is a parody of Salinger's "For Esmé—with Love and Squalor".
In 2001, Louis Menand wrote in "The New Yorker" that ""Catcher in the Rye" rewrites" among each new generation had become "a literary genre all its own". He classed among them Sylvia Plath's "The Bell Jar" (1963), Hunter S. Thompson's "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" (1971), Jay McInerney's "Bright Lights, Big City" (1984), and Dave Eggers's "A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius" (2000). Writer Aimee Bender was struggling with her first short stories when a friend gave her a copy of "Nine Stories"; inspired, she later described Salinger's effect on writers, explaining: "feels like Salinger wrote "The Catcher in the Rye" in a day, and that incredible feeling of ease inspires writing. Inspires the pursuit of voice. Not his voice. My voice. Your voice." Authors such as Stephen Chbosky, Jonathan Safran Foer, Carl Hiaasen, Susan Minot, Haruki Murakami, Gwendoline Riley, Tom Robbins, Louis Sachar, Joel Stein and John Green have cited Salinger as an influence. Musician Tomas Kalnoky of Streetlight Manifesto also cites Salinger as an influence, referencing him and Holden Caulfield, the main character of "Catcher in the Rye", in the song "Here's To Life". Biographer Paul Alexander called Salinger "the Greta Garbo of literature".
Legacy.
In a biography titled "Salinger", authors David Shields and Shane Salerno assert that the author had left specific instructions authorizing a timetable, to start between 2015 and 2020, for the release of several unpublished works. According to the authors and their sources, these include five new Glass-family stories; a novel based on Salinger's relationship with his first wife, Sylvia; a novella in the form of a WWII counterintelligence officer’s diary; a "manual" of stories about Vedanta; and other new or retooled stories that illuminate the life of Holden Caulfield.
The "Salinger" biography is also described as a companion volume to a film documentary of the same title. The directorial debut of writer Shane Salerno, "Salinger" was made over nine years and received a limited theatrical release on September 6, 2013 with distribution by The Weinstein Company.

</doc>
<doc id="18938163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938163" title="Freaky Creatures">
Freaky Creatures

Freaky Creatures was a fantasy themed massively multiplayer online game (MMOG) from Abandon Interactive Entertainment with collectible action figures. The customer would buy a starter pack with two collectible creatures and a reusable one gigabyte USB flash drive. The USB flash drive contains a code to unlock the game. In the game the player will then be able to play as the creatures they bought.
Features and Gameplay.
Freaky Creatures features PVP creature battles, online chat, and planets to explore, and more.
Players are able to customize their creatures with extra parts, such as horns, wings, guns, swords, and tails. There are over 3.2 billion possible combinations of customization, and each part has a special effect on game play, such as an element effect, health bonus, opponent part de-activator, and more.
In addition to parts, the player can equip their creatures with powers to help them in battle. Certain powers are stronger and different from others and use different elements, but the creature must be at a high enough level to use a high level power.
The elements and other effects are Ice, Fire, Physical, Electric, and poison. Parts and powers also can add you the creature's HP (health), take away from the opponent's creature, change the creature's defense, and more.
The creature can also be equipped with a pet to aid it in battle. These pets can do ether attack damage on the opponent, or an effect on the creature differing with every pet. The player can choose the pet from a Puff Puff (small fuzzy rabbit-like pet), Purriz (Cat-like pet), Penga (Penguin-like pet), Warto (Frog-like pet), or an Orkal (shark-like pet)and a monket (monkey-fish like pet). The creature can only use the pet when it reaches level 11.
Once their characters are customized, they can use these creatures to fight other players in battle, fish in the lakes found in the lobbies, and more. Combat is a turn-based system that is similar to a rock/paper/scissor game. In this case it’s head/back/right arm/left arm/tail game with the option to use a power, pet attack, and/or creature special ability in each round. 
Once the battle is finished, the victor will acquire some of the powers and parts owned by the loser and Creature Credits to spend on more in the Creature Club Store found on the website (www.freakycreatures.com). The loser does not lose their powers and parts, the victor simply gains some of the same.
While not fighting, players can view their creature’s lair. At the lair, they can play with their creature, decorate the lair, raise pets, and more.
As of 2012 the website and game have been shut down.

</doc>
<doc id="18938165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938165" title="Laves">
Laves

Laves may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18938168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938168" title="10cc discography">
10cc discography

This article presents the complete discography of the British art rock band 10cc.

</doc>
<doc id="18938180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938180" title="Jeff Koons">
Jeff Koons

Jeffrey "Jeff" Koons (born January 21, 1955) is an American artist known for his reproductions of banal objects—such as balloon animals produced in stainless steel with mirror finish surfaces. He lives and works in both New York City and his hometown of York, Pennsylvania.
His works have sold for substantial sums of money, including at least one world record auction price for a work by a living artist. On November 12, 2013, Koons’s "Balloon Dog (Orange)" sold at Christie's Post-War and Contemporary Art Evening Sale in New York for $58.4 million, above its high $55 million estimate, becoming the most expensive work by a living artist sold at auction. The price topped Koons’s previous record of $33.7 million and the record for the most expensive living artist, held by Gerhard Richter, whose 1968 painting, "Domplatz, Mailand", sold for $37.1 million at Sotheby’s in May. "Balloon Dog (Orange)" was one of the first of the Balloon Dogs to be fabricated, and had been acquired by Greenwich collector Peter Brant in the late 1990s.
Critics are sharply divided in their views of Koons. Some view his work as pioneering and of major art-historical importance. Others dismiss his work as kitsch: crass and based on cynical self-merchandising. Koons has stated that there are no hidden meanings in his works, nor any critiques.
Early life and education.
Koons was born in York, Pennsylvania to Henry and Gloria Koons. His father was a furniture dealer and interior decorator; his mother was a seamstress. As a child he went door to door after school selling gift-wrapping paper and candy to earn pocket-money. As a teenager he revered Salvador Dalí, to the extent that he visited him at the St. Regis Hotel in New York City. Koons studied painting at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and the Maryland Institute College of Art. While a visiting student at the Art Institute, Koons met the artist Ed Paschke, who became a major influence and for whom he worked as a studio assistant in the late 1970s. After college, he moved to New York in 1977 and worked at the membership desk of the Museum of Modern Art while establishing himself as an artist. During this time, he dyed his hair red and would often cultivate a pencil mustache, after Dalí. In 1980, he got licensed to sell mutual funds and stocks and began working as a Wall Street commodities broker at First Investors Corporation. After a summer with his parents in Sarasota, Florida (Koons took on a brief job there as a political canvasser), he returned to New York and found a new career as a commodities broker, first at Clayton Brokerage Company and then at Smith Barney.
Work.
Jeff Koons rose to prominence in the mid-1980s as part of a generation of artists who explored the meaning of art in a media-saturated era. He gained recognition in the 1980s and subsequently set up a factory-like studio in a SoHo loft on the corner of Houston Street and Broadway in New York. It was staffed with over 30 assistants, each assigned to a different aspect of producing his work—in a similar mode as Andy Warhol's Factory (notable because all of his work is produced using a method known as Art fabrication). Today, he has a factory near the old Hudson rail yards in Chelsea, working with 90 to 120 regular assistants. Koons developed a color-by-numbers system, so that each of his assistants could execute his canvases and sculptures as if they had been done "by a single hand". "I think art takes you outside yourself, takes you past yourself. I believe that my journey has really been to remove my own anxiety. That's the key. The more anxiety you can remove, the more free you are to make that gesture, whatever the gesture is. The dialogue is first with the artist, but then it goes outward, and is shared with other people. And if the anxiety is removed everything is so close, everything is available, and it's just this little bit of confidence, or trust, that people have to delve into."
"The Pre-New", "The New", and "Equilibrium" series.
Since 1979 Koons has produced work within series. His early work was in the form of conceptual sculpture, an example of which is "The Pre-New", a series of domestic objects attached to light fixtures, resulting in strange new configurations. Another example is "The New", a series of vacuum-cleaners, often selected for brand names that appealed to the artist, which he had mounted in illuminated Perspex boxes. Koons first exhibited these pieces in the window of the New Museum in New York in 1980. He chose a limited combination of vacuum cleaners and arranged them in cabinets accordingly, juxtaposing the verticality of the upright cleaners with the squat cylinders of the "Shelton Wet/Dry drum" cleaners. At the museum, the machines were displayed as if in a showroom, and oriented around a central red fluorescent lightbox with just the words "The New" written on it as if it were announcing some new concept or marketing brand. 
Another example for Koon's early work is "The Equilibrium Series" (1985), consisting of one to three basketballs floating in distilled water, a project the artist had researched with the help of Nobel Prize-winning physicist Richard Feynman. The "Total Equilibrium Tanks" are completely filled with distilled water and a small amount of ordinary salt, to assist the hollow balls in remaining suspended in the centre of the liquid. In a second version, the "50/50 Tanks", only half the tank is filled with distilled water, with the result that the balls float half in and half out of the water. In addition, Koons conceived and fabricated five unique works for the "Encased" series (1983-1993/98), sculptures consisting of stacked sporting balls with their original cardboard packaging in glass display case.
"Statuary" series.
Koons started creating sculptures using inflatable toys in the 1970s. Taking a readymade inflatable rabbit Koons cast the object in highly polished stainless steel, resulting in "Rabbit" (1986), one of his most famous artworks. Originally part of the private collection of Ileana Sonnabend, "Rabbit" is today owned by the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago. A proof of the sculpture is owned by Eli Broad.
The "Rabbit" has since returned to its original soft form, and, many times larger at more than 50 feet high, taken to the air. On October 13, 2009, the giant metallic monochrome color rabbit used during the 2007 Macy's Thanksgiving day parade was put on display for Nuit Blanche in the Eaton Centre in Toronto.
"Luxury and Degradation" series.
First shown in Koons' eponymous exhibitions at the short-lived International With Monument Gallery, New York, and at Daniel Weinberg Gallery, Los Angeles, in 1986, the "Luxury and Degradation" series is a group of works thematically centered on alcohol. This group included a stainless steel travel cocktail cabinet, a Baccarat crystal decanter and other hand-made renderings of alcohol-related paraphernalia, as well as reprinted and framed ads for drinks such as Gordon's Gin ("I Could Go for Something Gordon’s"), Hennessy ("Hennessy, The Civilized Way to Lay Down the Law"), Martell ("I Assume You Drink Martell") and Frangelico ("Stay in Tonight" and "Find a Quiet Table") in seductively intensified colors on canvas Another work, "Jim Beam - J.B. Turner Engine" (1986) is based on a commemorative, collectible in bottle in the form of a locomotive that was created by Jim Beam; however, Koons appropriated this model and had it cast in gleaming stainless-steel. The train model cast in steel titled "Jim Beam - Baggage Car" (1986) even contains Jim Beam bourbon.
"Banality" series.
Koons then moved on to the "Banality" series. For this project he engaged workshops in Germany and Italy that had a long tradition of working in ceramic, porcelain, and wood. The series culminated in 1988 with "Michael Jackson and Bubbles", a series of three life-size gold-leaf plated porcelain statues of the sitting singer cuddling Bubbles, his pet chimpanzee. Three years later, one of these sold at Sotheby's New York for $5.6 million. Two of these sculptures are now at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art and the Broad Contemporary Art Museum (BCAM) at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art. The statue was included in a 2004 retrospective at the Astrup Fearnley Museum of Modern Art in Oslo which traveled a year later to the Helsinki City Art Museum. It also featured in his second retrospective at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago, in 2008. The statue is currently back at the newly opened Astrup Fearnley Museum of Modern Art at Tjuvholmen in Oslo.
Anticipating a less than generous critical response to his 1988 "Banality" series exhibition, with all of his new objects made in an edition of three, allowing for simultaneous, identical shows at galleries in New York, Cologne, and Chicago, Koons devised the "Art Magazine Ads" series (1988–89). Placed in Artforum, Art in America, Flash Art, and Art News, the ads were designed as promotions for his own gallery exhibitions. Koons also issued "Signature Plate", an edition for Parkett magazine, with a photographic decal in colors on a porcelain plate with gold-plated rim. Arts journalist Arifa Akbar reported for "The Independent" that in "an era when artists were not regarded as 'stars', Koons went to great lengths to cultivate his public persona by employing an image consultant." Featuring photographs by Matt Chedgey, Koons placed "advertisements in international art magazines of himself surrounded by the trappings of success" and gave interviews "referring to himself in the third person.”
"Made in Heaven" series.
In 1989 the Whitney Museum asked Koons to make an artwork about the media on a billboard for the show "Image World: Art and Media Culture". Koons employed Ilona Staller as a model in the shoot that formed the basis of the resulting work for the Whitney, "Made in Heaven" (1990–91). The series of paintings, photographs, and sculptures portrayed Koons and Staller in explicit sexual positions and created considerable controversy. It was first shown at the 1990 Venice Biennale. Koons reportedly destroyed much of the work when Staller took their son Ludwig with her to Italy. In celebration of "Made in Heaven"'s 20th anniversary, Luxembourg & Dayan chose to present a redux edition of the series.
"Puppy".
Koons was not among the 44 American artists selected to exhibit his work in Documenta 9 in 1992, but was commissioned by three art dealers to create a piece for nearby Arolsen Castle in Bad Arolsen, Germany. The result was "Puppy", a tall topiary sculpture of a West Highland White Terrier puppy, executed in a variety of flowers (including Marigolds, Begonias, Impatiens, Petunias, and Lobelias) on a transparent colour-coated chrome stainless steel substructure. In 1995, the sculpture was dismantled and re-erected at the Museum of Contemporary Art on Sydney Harbour on a new, more permanent, stainless steel armature with an internal irrigation system. While the Arolsen "Puppy" had 20,000 plants, the Sydney version held around 60,000.
The piece was purchased in 1997 by the Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation and installed on the terrace outside the Guggenheim Museum Bilbao. Before the dedication at the museum, an Euskadi Ta Askatasuna (ETA) trio disguised as gardeners attempted to plant explosive-filled flowerpots near the sculpture, but was foiled by Basque police officer Jose María Aguirre, who then was shot dead by ETA members. Currently the square in which the statue is placed bears the name of Aguirre. In the summer of 2000, the statue traveled to New York City for a temporary exhibition at Rockefeller Center.
Media mogul Peter Brant and his wife, model Stephanie Seymour, commissioned Koons to create a duplicate of the Bilbao statue "Puppy" (1993) for their Connecticut estate, the Brant Foundation Art Study Center. In 1998, a miniature version of "Puppy" was released as a white glazed porcelain vase, in an edition of 3000.
"Celebration" series.
Koons entitled "Celebration", to honor the ardently hoped-for return of Ludwig from Rome. Consists of a series of large-scale sculptures and paintings of, among others balloon dogs, Valentine hearts, diamonds, and Easter eggs, was conceived in 1994. Some of the pieces are still being fabricated. Each of the 20 different sculptures in the series comes in five differently colored “unique versions”, including the artist's cracked "Egg (Blue)" won the 2008 Charles Wollaston Award for the most distinguished work in the Royal Academy's Summer Exhibition. The "Diamond" pieces were created between 1994 and 2005, made of shiny stainless steel seven-feet wide. Created in an edition of five versions, his later work "Tulips" (1995–2004) consists of a bouquet of multicolor balloon flowers blown up to gargantuan proportions (more than tall and across). Koons finally started to work on "Balloon Flower" in 1995.
Koons was pushing to finish the series in time for a 1996 exhibition at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York, but the show was ultimately canceled because of production delays and cost overruns. When "Celebration" funding ran out, the staff was laid off, leaving a skeleton crew of two: Gary McCraw, Koons's studio manager, who had been with him since 1990, and Justine Wheeler, an artist from South Africa, who had arrived in 1995 and eventually took charge of the sculpture operation. The artist convinced his primary collectors Dakis Joannou, Peter Brant, and Eli Broad, along with dealers Jeffrey Deitch, Anthony d'Offay, and Max Hetzler, to invest heavily in the costly fabrication of the "Celebration" series at Arnold, a Frankfurt-based company. The dealers funded the project in part by selling works to collectors before they were fabricated. In 1999, his 1988 "Pink Panther" sculpture sold at auction for $1.8 million, and he returned to the Sonnabend gallery. Well aware of Koons's bottomless needs and demands, Ileana Sonnabend and Antonio Homem, her gallery director and adopted son, nevertheless welcomed him back; in all likelihood they sensed (correctly, it turned out) that he was poised for a glorious second act—something that only he, among his generation of overpublicized artists, has so far managed to pull off. Koons, however, no longer confines himself to a single gallery. Larry Gagosian, the colossus of New York dealers, agreed to finance the completion of all the unfinished "Celebration" work, in exchange for exclusive rights to sell it.
In 2006, Koons presented "Hanging Heart", a 9 feet tall highly polished, steel heart, one of a series of five differently colored examples, part of his "Celebration" series. Large sculptures from that series were exhibited at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York in 2008. Later additions to the series include "Balloon Swan" (2004–2011), an 11.5-foot (3.5-metre), stainless-steel bird, "Balloon Rabbit" (2005–2010), and "Balloon Monkey", all for which children’s party favors are reconceived as mesmerizing monumental forms.
The series also includes, in addition to sculptures, sixteen oil paintings.
"Popeye" and "Hulk Elvis" series.
Paintings and sculptures from the "Popeye" series, which Koons began in 2002, feature the cartoon figures of Popeye and Olive Oyl. The works "Hulk (Friends)" and "Hulks (Bell)" (both 2004-2012) feature apparently inflatable Incredible Hulks that actually weigh almost a ton each and are made of bronze and wood.
"Antiquity" series.
Referring to the ancient Roman marble statue Callipygian Venus, "Metallic Venus" (2010–2012) was made of high chromium stainless steel with transparent color coating and live flowering plants.
At the center of each scene in the "Antiquity" paintings (2009–13) is a famous ancient or classical sculpture, meticulously rendered in oil paint and scaled to the same size as the sculptures. The equally detailed backdrops include an Arcadian vision.
Recent work.
Commissioned by the Deutsche Guggenheim in 1999, Koons began a new series, "Easyfun", comprising paintings and wall-mounted sculptures. One year later, he designed "Split-Rocker", his second floral sculpture made of stainless steel, soil, geotextile fabric, and an internal irrigation system, which was first shown at the Palais des Papes in Avignon. In 2001, Koons undertook a series of paintings, "Easyfun-Ethereal", using a collage approach that combined bikinis, food, and landscapes painted under his supervision by assistants. For the season 2007/2008 in the Vienna State Opera Jeff Koons designed the large scale picture (176 sqm) "Geisha" as part of the exhibition series "Safety Curtain", conceived by museum in progress. Koons worked with American pop performer Lady Gaga on her 2013 studio album "Artpop", including the creation of its cover artwork featuring a sculpture he made of Lady Gaga.
Other.
In 1999, Koons commissioned a song about himself on Momus's album "Stars Forever".
In 2006, he appeared on "Artstar", an unscripted television series set in the New York art world and from February 15 to March 6, 2008, he donated a private tour of his studio to the Hereditary Disease Foundation for auction on Charitybuzz.
A drawing similar to his "Tulip Balloons" was placed on the front page of the Internet search engine Google. The drawing greeted all who visited Google's main page on April 30, 2008 and May 1, 2008.
Koons had a minor role in the 2008 film "Milk" playing state assemblyman Art Agnos.
From his 2010 "Tulip" designs for Kiehls Crème de Corps, a portion of the proceeds go to the Koons Family Institute.
In September 2012, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo gave Koons the task of helping to review the designs for a new Tappan Zee Bridge.
Curating.
Koons acted as curator of an Ed Paschke exhibition at Gagosian Gallery, New York, in 2009. In 2010 he curated an exhibition of works from the private collection of Greek billionaire Dakis Joannou at the New Museum in New York City. The exhibition, , generated debate concerning cronyism within the art world as Koons is heavily collected by Joannou and had previously designed the exterior of Joannou's yacht "Guilty".
BMW Art Car.
Jeff Koons was the artist named to design the seventeenth in the series of BMW "Art Cars". His artwork was applied to a race-spec E92 BMW M3, and revealed to the public at The Pompidou Centre in Paris on 2 June 2010. Backed by BMW Motorsport, the car then competed at the 2010 24 Hours of Le Mans in France.
Lady Gaga's "ARTPOP".
He collaborated with American recording artist Lady Gaga for her third studio album, "ARTPOP". The album cover depicts a nude sculpture of Gaga made by Koons behind a blue ball sculpture, and pieces of other art works in the background such as "Birth of Venus" painted by Sandro Botticelli, which inspired Gaga's image through the new era, including in her music video for "Applause" and the VMA performance of the song.
Wine.
Koons has also produced some fine wine-related commissions. In December 2012, Chateau Mouton Rothschild announced that Koons was the artist for their 2010 vintage label - a tradition that was started in 1946. Other artists to design labels include Pablo Picasso, Francis Bacon, Salvador Dalí & Joan Miró, amongst others. In August 2013, Dom Perignon released their 2004 vintage, with a special edition done by Koons, as well as a made-to-order case called the 'Balloon Venus'. This has an recommended retail price of e15,000.
Exhibitions.
Since a 1980 window installation at the New Museum of Contemporary Art in New York, Koons' work has been widely exhibited internationally in solo and group exhibitions. In 1986, he appeared in a group show with Peter Halley, Ashley Bickerton, and Meyer Vaisman at Sonnabend Gallery in New York. In 1997, the Galerie Jerome de Noirmont organised his first solo show in Europe. His "Made in Heaven" series was first shown at the Venice Biennale in 1990.
His museum solo shows include the Museum of Contemporary Art in Chicago (1988), Walker Art Center in Minneapolis (1993), Deutsche Guggenheim in Berlin (2000), Kunsthaus Bregenz (2001), the Museo archeologico nazionale di Napoli (2003), and a retrospective survey at the Astrup Fearnley Museum of Modern Art, Oslo (2004), which traveled to the Helsinki City Art Museum (2005). In 2008, the Celebration series was shown at the Neue Nationalgalerie, Berlin, and on the roof of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Considered as his first retrospective in France, the 2008 exhibition of 17 Koons sculptures at the Chateau de Versailles also marked the first ambitious display of a contemporary American artist organized by the chateau. "The New York Times" reported that “several dozen people demonstrated outside the palace gates” in a protest arranged by a little-known, right-wing group dedicated to French artistic purity. It was also criticised that ninety percent of the $2.8 million in financing for the exhibition came from private patrons, mainly François Pinault.
The May 31 – September 21, 2008 Koons retrospective at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago, which was widely publicized in the press, broke the museum's attendance record with 86,584 visitors. The exhibition included numerous works from the MCA collection, along with recent paintings and sculptures by the artist. The retrospective exhibition reflects the MCA's commitment to Koons's work as it presented the artist's first American survey in 1988. For the final exhibition in its Marcel Breuer building, the Whitney Museum is planning to present a Koons retrospective in collaboration with the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles and the Centre Pompidou, Paris.
In July 2009, Koons had his first major solo show in London, at the Serpentine Gallery. Entitled "Jeff Koons: Popeye Series", the exhibit included cast aluminum models of children’s pool toys and "dense, realist paintings of Popeye holding his can of spinach or smoking his pipe, a red lobster looming over his head." 
In May 2012, Koons had his first major solo show in Switzerland, at the Beyeler Museum in Basel, entitled "Jeff Koons". Shown are works from three series: "The New","Banality" and "Celebration" as well as the flowered sculpture "Split-Rocker".
Also in 2012, "Jeff Koons. The Painter" at Schirn Kunsthalle Frankfurt focussed primarily on the artist’s development as a painter, while in the show "Jeff Koons. The Sculptor" at the Liebieghaus in Frankfurt, the sculptures by Jeff Koons entered enter into dialogues with the historical building and a sculpture collection spanning five millennia.
Recognition.
Koons received the BZ Cultural Award from the City of Berlin in 2000 and the Skowhegan Medal for Sculpture in 2001. He was named a Chevalier of the French Legion of Honor in 2002 and then promoted to Officier in 2007. He was given the 2008 Wollaston Award from the Royal Academy of Arts in London. In 2013 he received the U.S. State Department's Medal of Arts.
Art market.
Many of Koons's works have been sold at auctions and privately. His auction records have primarily been achieved by his sculptures (especially those from his Celebration series), whereas his paintings are less popular. In 2001, one of his three "Michael Jackson and Bubbles" porcelain sculptures sold for $5.6 million. On November 14, 2007, "Hanging Heart (Magenta/Gold)" from the collection of Adam Lindemann, one of five in different colors, sold at Sotheby's New York for $23.6 million becoming, at the time, the most expensive piece by a living artist ever auctioned. It was bought by the Gagosian Gallery in New York, which the previous day had purchased another Koons sculpture, "Diamond (Blue)", for $11.8 million from Christie's London. Gagosian appears to have bought both Celebration series works on behalf of Ukrainian steel oligarch Victor Pinchuk. In July 2008, his 11-foot (3.3 meter) "Balloon Flower (Magenta)" (1995–2000) from the collection of Howard and Cindy Rachofsky also sold at Christie's London for an auction record of $25.7 million. In total, Koons was the top-selling artist at auction with €81.3 million ($117.2 million) of sales in the year to June 2008. Until 2013, the largest sum known to be paid for a work by Koons was "Tulips" which was sold for US$ 33,682,500 (£21,219,975) at Christie's New York on November 14, 2012 (Lot 35) in the Post-War & Contemporary Art Evening Sale.
During the late 2000s recession, however, art prices plummeted and auction sales of high-value works by Koons dropped 50 percent in 2009. A violet "Hanging Heart" sold for $11 million in a private sale. However prices for the artist's earlier Luxury and Degradation series appear to be holding up. The Economist reported that Thomas H. Lee, a private-equity investor, sold "Jim Beam J.B. Turner Train" (1986) in a package deal brokered by Giraud Pissarro Segalot for more than $15 million. In 2012, "Tulips" (1995-2004) brought a record auction price for Koons at Christie's, selling to a telephone bidder for $33.6 million, well above its high $25 million estimate.
Koons has been represented by dealers such as Mary Boone (1979–1980), Sonnabend Gallery (since 1986), Max Hetzler in Berlin and Jérôme de Noirmont in Paris. The exclusive right to the primary sale of the “Celebration” series is held by Gagosian Gallery, his dominant dealer. Today Koons works closely with Gagosian and with Sonnabend. The artist is widely collected in America and Europe, where some collectors acquire his work in depth. Eli Broad has 24 pieces, and Dakis Joannou owns some 38 works from all stages of the artist’s career.
Classification.
Among curators and art collectors and others in the art world, Koons's work is labeled as Neo-pop or Post-Pop as part of an '80s movement in reaction to the pared-down art of Minimalism and Conceptualism in the previous decade. Koons resists such comments: "A viewer might at first see irony in my work... but I see none at all. Irony causes too much critical contemplation." Koons' crucial point is to reject any hidden meaning in his artwork. The meaning is only what one perceives at first glance; there is no gap between what the work is in itself and what is perceived. 
He has caused controversy by the elevation of unashamed kitsch into the high art arena, exploiting more throwaway subjects than, for example, Warhol's soup cans. His work "Balloon Dog" (1994–2000) is based on balloons twisted into shape to make a toy dog.
Evaluation and influence.
Koons has received extreme reactions to his work. Critic Amy Dempsey described his "Balloon Dog" as "an awesome presence... a massive durable monument." Jerry Saltz at "artnet.com" enthused that it was possible to be "wowed by the technical virtuosity and eye-popping visual blast" of Koons's art.
Mark Stevens of "The New Republic" dismissed him as a "decadent artist lacks the imaginative will to do more than trivialize and italicise his themes and the tradition in which he works... He is another of those who serve the tacky rich." Michael Kimmelman of "The New York Times" saw "one last, pathetic gasp of the sort of self-promoting hype and sensationalism that characterized the worst of the 1980s" and called Koons's work "artificial," "cheap" and "unabashedly cynical."
In an article comparing the contemporary art scene with show business, renowned critic Robert Hughes wrote that Koons is “an extreme and self-satisfied manifestation of the sanctimony that attaches to big bucks. Koons really does think he's Michelangelo and is not shy to say so. The significant thing is that there are collectors, especially in America, who believe it. He has the slimy assurance, the gross patter about transcendence through art, of a blow-dried Baptist selling swamp acres in Florida. And the result is that you can't imagine America's singularly depraved culture without him.” Hughes placed Koons's work just above that of Seward Johnson and was quoted in a "New York Times" article as having stated that comparing their careers was "like debating the merits of dog excrement versus cat excrement".
He has influenced younger artists such as Damien Hirst (for example, in Hirst's "Hymn", an version of a anatomical toy), Jack Daws, Matthieu Laurette and Mona Hatoum. In turn, his extreme enlargement of mundane objects owes a debt to Claes Oldenburg and Coosje van Bruggen. Much of his work also was influenced by artists working in Chicago during his study at the Art Institute, including Jim Nutt, Ed Paschke, and H. C. Westermann.
In 2005, he was elected as a Fellow to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Copyright infringement litigation.
Koons has been sued several times for copyright infringement over his use of pre-existing images, the original works of others, in his work. In "Rogers v. Koons", 960 F.2d 301 (2d Cir. 1992), the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit upheld a judgment against him for his use of a photograph of puppies as the basis for a sculpture, "String of Puppies".
Koons also lost lawsuits in "United Features Syndicate, Inc. v. Koons", 817 F. Supp. 370 (S.D.N.Y. 1993), and "Campbell v. Koons", No. 91 Civ. 6055, 1993 WL 97381 (S.D.N.Y. Apr. 1, 1993).
More recently, he won one lawsuit, "Blanch v. Koons", No. 03 Civ. 8026 (LLS), S.D.N.Y., Nov. 1 2005 (slip op.), affirmed by the Second Circuit in October, 2006, brought over his use of a photographic advertisement as source material for legs and feet in a painting, "Niagara" (2000). The court ruled that Koons had sufficiently transformed the original advertisement so as to qualify as a fair use of the original image.
Koons has also threatened others under copyright, claiming that a gallery infringed his proprietary rights by selling bookends in the shape of balloon dogs. Koons abandoned that claim after the gallery filed a complaint for declaratory relief stating, "As virtually any clown can attest, no one owns the idea of making a balloon dog, and the shape created by twisting a balloon into a dog-like form is part of the public domain." 
Personal life.
While a student at the Maryland College of Art, Koons fathered a daughter, Shannon Rodgers. Though he offered to marry the girl's mother, she felt that they were too young for the commitment, and the couple reluctantly put the child up for adoption. Shannon Rodgers reconnected with Koons in 1995.
In 1991, he married Hungarian-born naturalized-Italian pornography star Cicciolina (Ilona Staller) who for five years (1987–92) pursued an alternate career as a member of the Italian parliament. After seeing her picture in two European magazines, he had flown to Rome, watched her perform, and gone backstage to suggest that they collaborate on what he then thought would be a movie. She agreed. A series of strenuous photographic sessions became the basis for the "Made in Heaven" paintings and sculptures, in various media. The movie never got made, but Koons and Staller fell in love. He courted her through an interpreter—she spoke very little English, and Koons, who spoke about four words of Italian, kept trying to communicate directly by speaking English with an Italian accent. The interpreter had to be let go, because she fell in love with Koons. He proposed to Staller in Venice that spring, and they were married a year later. While maintaining a home in Manhattan, Koons and Staller lived in Munich. In 1992, they had a son, Ludwig. The marriage ended soon afterward amid allegations that Koons had subjected Staller to physical and emotional abuse. Jeffrey Deitch, a close friend who became Koons's dealer after Sonnabend, couldn't understand the marriage to Staller. Koons himself says that Ileana Sonnabend and his father had warned him against it, fearing the worst. "Jeff had confused fantasy with reality," Deitch said. "It was as though he felt the 'Made in Heaven' work wouldn't be authentic unless they were married. It was a moral issue for him." The marriage began to fall apart even before their child, Ludwig, was born. Staller wanted to keep on performing. (She also offered, publicly, to have sex with Saddam Hussein in exchange for his releasing foreigners held in Iraq.) And then, after divorce proceedings had begun in New York, Staller spirited baby Ludwig out of the New York town house that Koons had rented for them and took him to Rome. Koons spent more than a decade and millions of dollars in legal battles over custody. The battle ensued with the award of sole custody to Koons by the U.S. court in 1998, which had also dissolved the marriage. However, he lost custody when the case went to Italy's Supreme Court. In 2008, Staller filed suit against Koons for failure to pay child support.
Koons is now married to Justine Wheeler, an artist and former employee who began working for Koons' studio in 1995. The couple have six children. The family currently lives on several floors of an Upper East Side townhouse. In 2009, Koons purchased 11 East 67th Street for $12 million. In 2010, he bought the neighbouring 10,000-square-foot mansion at 13 East 67th Street, the longtime home of Barbara Sears Rockefeller, for $20 million.

</doc>
<doc id="18938192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938192" title="Menno Simons College">
Menno Simons College

Menno Simons College is a Mennonite college in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. It is a college of Canadian Mennonite University (CMU) and is one of CMU's three founding colleges. Menno Simons College, located in downtwon Winnipeg, is affiliated with the University of Winnipeg. 
Programs.
Through The University of Winnipeg, MSC offers 3- and 4-year programs in International Development Studies and Conflict Resolution Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="18938194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938194" title="Francisco de Quiñónez">
Francisco de Quiñónez

Francisco de Quiñónez (? - ? Leon †); Spanish soldier who was appointed as governor of Chile for thirteen months, between May 1599 and June 1600. 
When he became governor of Chile, Quiñónez was a veteran soldier. He had served, in 1559, in the Spanish Tercios that operated in Italy. He embarked in the squadron of the viceroy of Naples, in a campaign against Turkish pirates. In 1560 in the Battle of Djerba that was a disaster for the Spaniards who lost thirty ships. Quiñónez became one of the five thousand prisoners who were taken to Istambul and sold as slaves. Later rescued by means of the payment of a large ransom, he continued as a soldier fighting in Italy and Flanders. On his return to Spain, Quiñónez married Grimanesa de Mogrovejo, sister of the inquisidor of Granada, later canonized as Saint Turibius of Mongrovejo. When this monk was promoted to the rank of archbishop of Lima, Quiñónez went to Peru, in 1580, as part of his retinue. Thanks to the protection of the archbishop, Quiñónez soon became Maestro de Campo and general commissioner of the cavalry. In 1582, the Viceroy of Peru, Martin Enríquez de Almansa made him commander of the treasure fleet that sailed from Peru to Panama, be sent to Spain from there. Later he was named corregidor of Lima, a position in which he gained some notice as a pursuer of thieves and vagabonds. 
Quiñónez was designated Royal Governor of Chile by the Viceroy of Peru, Luis de Velasco, after finding out about the death of Martín García Óñez de Loyola at the hands of the forces of the Mapuche toqui Pelantaro, in the Battle of Curalaba. Once in Chile he replaced the lawyer Pedro de Viscarra, who had temporarily administered the government. He commanded the Spaniards during the early desperate months of the Mapuche Revolt of 1598. During 1599, despite his efforts the Mapuche destroyed the forts of Chivicura and Jesus de Huenuraquí in Catirai and its city Santa Cruz de Coya, the cities of Santa María la Blanca de Valdivia, San Andrés de Los Infantes and San Bartolomé de Chillán y Gamboa. In 1600, Quiñónez was able to rebuild a fort at the site of the destroyed city of Chillán.

</doc>
<doc id="18938195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938195" title="Collage">
Collage

Collage (From the , to glue, ) is a technique of an art production, primarily used in the visual arts, where the artwork is made from an assemblage of different forms, thus creating a new whole.
A collage may sometimes include newspaper clippings, ribbons, bits of colored or handmade papers, portions of other artwork or texts, photographs and other found objects, glued to a piece of paper or canvas. The origins of collage can be traced back hundreds of years, but this technique made a dramatic reappearance in the early 20th century as an art form of novelty.
The term "collage" derives from the French "coller". This term was coined by both Georges Braque and Pablo Picasso in the beginning of the 20th century when collage became a distinctive part of modern art.
History.
Early precedents.
Techniques of collage were first used at the time of the invention of paper in China, around 200 BC. The use of collage, however, wasn't used by many people until the 10th century in Japan, when calligraphers began to apply glued paper, using texts on surfaces, when writing their poems. The technique of collage appeared in medieval Europe during the 13th century. Gold leaf panels started to be applied in Gothic cathedrals around the 15th and 16th centuries. Gemstones and other precious metals were applied to religious images, icons, and also, to coats of arms. An 18th century example of collage art can be found in the work of Mary Delany. In the 19th century, collage methods also were used among hobbyists for memorabilia (e.g. applied to photo albums) and books (e.g. Hans Christian Andersen, Carl Spitzweg).
Collage and modernism.
Despite the pre-twentieth-century use of collage-like application techniques, some art authorities argue that collage, properly speaking, did not emerge until after 1900, in conjunction with the early stages of modernism.
For example, the Tate Gallery's online art glossary states that collage "was first used as an artists' technique in the twentieth century.". According to the Guggenheim Museum's online art glossary, collage is an artistic concept associated with the beginnings of modernism, and entails much more than the idea of gluing something onto something else. The glued-on patches which Braque and Picasso added to their canvases offered a new perspective on painting when the patches "collided with the surface plane of the painting." In this perspective, collage was part of a methodical reexamination of the relation between painting and sculpture, and these new works "gave each medium some of the characteristics of the other," according to the Guggenheim essay. Furthermore, these chopped-up bits of newspaper introduced fragments of externally referenced meaning into the collision: "References to current events, such as the war in the Balkans, and to popular culture enriched the content of their art." This juxtaposition of signifiers, "at once serious and tongue-in-cheek," was fundamental to the inspiration behind collage: "Emphasizing concept and process over end product, collage has brought the incongruous into meaningful congress with the ordinary."
Collage in painting.
Collage in the modernist sense began with Cubist painters Georges Braque and Pablo Picasso. According to some sources, Picasso was the first to use the collage technique in oil paintings. According to the Guggenheim Museum's online article about collage, Braque took up the concept of collage itself before Picasso, applying it to charcoal drawings. Picasso adopted collage immediately after (and was perhaps indeed the first to use collage in paintings, as opposed to drawings):
"It was Braque who purchased a roll of simulated oak-grain wallpaper and began cutting out pieces of the paper and attaching them to his charcoal drawings. Picasso immediately began to make his own experiments in the new medium."
In 1912 for his "Still Life with Chair Caning (Nature-morte à la chaise cannée)", Picasso pasted a patch of oilcloth with a chair-cane design onto the canvas of the piece.
Surrealist artists have made extensive use of collage. Cubomania is a collage made by cutting an image into squares which are then reassembled automatically or at random. Collages produced using a similar, or perhaps identical, method are called "etrécissements" by Marcel Mariën from a method first explored by Mariën. Surrealist games such as "parallel collage" use collective techniques of collage making.
The Sidney Janis Gallery held an early Pop Art exhibit called the "New Realist Exhibition" in November 1962, which included works by the American artists Tom Wesselmann, Jim Dine, Robert Indiana, Roy Lichtenstein, Claes Oldenburg, James Rosenquist, George Segal, and Andy Warhol; and Europeans such as Arman, Baj, Christo, Yves Klein, Festa, Rotella, Jean Tinguely, and Schifano. It followed the Nouveau Réalisme exhibition at the Galerie Rive Droite in Paris, and marked the international debut of the artists who soon gave rise to what came to be called Pop Art in Britain and The United States and Nouveau Réalisme on the European continent. Many of these artists used collage techniques in their work.
Wesselmann took part in the "New Realist" show with some reservations, exhibiting two 1962 works: "Still life #17" and "Still life #22".
Another technique is that of "canvas collage," which is the application, typically with glue, of separately painted canvas patches to the surface of a painting's main canvas. Well known for use of this technique is British artist John Walker in his paintings of the late 1970s, but canvas collage was already an integral part of the mixed media works of such American artists as Conrad Marca-Relli and Jane Frank by the early 1960s. The intensely self-critical Lee Krasner also frequently destroyed her own paintings by cutting them into pieces, only to create new works of art by reassembling the pieces into collages.
Collage with wood.
It is also interesting to note that wood collage in a sense made its debut, indirectly, at the same time as paper collage, since (according to the Guggenheim online), Georges Braque initiated use of paper collage by cutting out pieces of simulated oak-grain wallpaper and attaching them to his own charcoal drawings. Thus, the idea of gluing wood to a picture was implicitly there from the start, since the paper used in the very first paper collages was a commercial product manufactured to look like wood.
It was during a fifteen-year period of intense experimentation beginning in the mid-1940s that Louise Nevelson evolved her sculptural wood collages, assembled from found scraps, including parts of furniture, pieces of wooden crates or barrels, and architectural remnants like stair railings or moldings. Generally rectangular, very large, and painted black, they resemble gigantic paintings. Concerning Nevelson's "Sky Cathedral" (1958), the Museum of Modern Art catalogue states, "As a rectangular plane to be viewed from the front, "Sky Cathedral" has the pictorial quality of a painting..." Yet such pieces also present themselves as massive walls or monoliths, which can sometimes be viewed from either side, or even looked "through".
Much wood collage art is considerably smaller in scale, framed and hung as a painting would be. It usually features pieces of wood, wood shavings, or scraps, assembled on a canvas (if there is painting involved), or on a wooden board. Such framed, picture-like, wood-relief collages offer the artist an opportunity to explore the qualities of depth, natural color, and textural variety inherent in the material, while drawing on and taking advantage of the language, conventions, and historical resonances that arise from the tradition of creating pictures to hang on walls. The technique of wood collage is also sometimes combined with painting and other media in a single work of art.
Frequently, what is called "wood collage art" uses only natural wood - such as driftwood, or parts of found and unaltered logs, branches, sticks, or bark. This raises the question of whether such artwork is collage (in the original sense) at all (see Collage and modernism). This is because the early, paper collages were generally made from bits of text or pictures - things originally made by people, and functioning or signifying in some cultural context. The collage brings these still-recognizable "signifiers" (or fragments of signifiers) together, in a kind of semiotic collision. A truncated wooden chair or staircase newel used in a Nevelson work can also be considered a potential element of collage in the same sense: it had some original, culturally determined context. Unaltered, natural wood, such as one might find on a forest floor, arguably has no such context; therefore, the characteristic contextual disruptions associated with the collage idea, as it originated with Braque and Picasso, cannot really take place. (Driftwood is of course sometimes ambiguous: while a piece of driftwood may once have been a piece of worked wood - for example, part of a ship - it may be so weathered by salt and sea that its past functional identity is nearly or completely obscured.)
Decoupage.
Decoupage is a type of collage usually defined as a craft. It is the process of placing a picture into an object for decoration. Decoupage can involve adding multiple copies of the same image, cut and layered to add apparent depth. The picture is often coated with varnish or some other sealant for protection.
In the early part of the 20th century, decoupage, like many other art methods, began experimenting with a less realistic and more abstract style. 20th-century artists who produced decoupage works include Pablo Picasso and Henri Matisse. The most famous decoupage work is Matisse's Blue Nude II.
There are many varieties on the traditional technique involving purpose made 'glue' requiring fewer layers (often 5 or 20, depending on the amount of paper involved). Cutouts are also applied under glass or raised to give a three-dimensional appearance according to the desire of the decouper. Currently decoupage is a popular handicraft.
The craft became known as découpage in France (from the verb "découper", 'to cut out') as it attained great popularity during the 17th and 18th centuries. Many advanced techniques were developed during this time, and items could take up to a year to complete due to the many coats and sandings applied. Some famous or aristocratic practitioners included Marie Antoinette, Madame de Pompadour, and Beau Brummell. In fact the majority of decoupage enthusiasts attribute the beginning of decoupage to 17th century Venice. However it was known before this time in Asia.
The most likely origin of decoupage is thought to be East Siberian funerary art. Nomadic tribes would use cut out felts to decorate the tombs of their deceased. From Siberia, the practice came to China, and by the 12th century, cut out paper was being used to decorate lanterns, windows, boxes and other objects. In the 17th century, Italy, especially in Venice, was at the forefront of trade with the Far East and it is generally thought that it is through these trade links that the cut out paper decorations made their way into Europe.
Photomontage.
Collage made from photographs, or parts of photographs, is called photomontage. Photomontage is the process (and result) of making a composite photograph by cutting and joining a number of other photographs. The composite picture was sometimes photographed so that the final image is converted back into a seamless photographic print. The same method is accomplished today using image-editing software. The technique is referred to by professionals as "compositing".
"Just what is it that makes today's homes so different, so appealing?" was created in 1956 for the catalogue of the "This Is Tomorrow" exhibition in London, England in which it was reproduced in black and white. In addition, the piece was used in posters for the exhibit. Richard Hamilton has subsequently created several works in which he reworked the subject and composition of the pop art collage, including a 1992 version featuring a female bodybuilder. Many artists have created derivative works of Hamilton's collage. P. C. Helm made a year 2000 interpretation.
Other methods for combining pictures are also called photomontage, such as Victorian "combination printing", the printing from more than one negative on a single piece of printing paper (e.g. O. G. Rejlander, 1857), front-projection and computer montage techniques. Much as a collage is composed of multiple facets, artists also combine montage techniques. Romare Bearden’s (1912–1988) series of black and white "photomontage projections" is an example. His method began with compositions of paper, paint, and photographs put on boards 8½ × 11 inches. Bearden fixed the imagery with an emulsion that he then applied with handroller. Subsequently, he enlarged the collages photographically.
The 19th century tradition of physically joining multiple images into a composite and photographing the results prevailed in press photography and offset lithography until the widespread use of digital image editing. Contemporary photo editors in magazines now create "paste-ups" digitally.
Creating a photomontage has, for the most part, become easier with the advent of computer software such as Adobe Photoshop, Pixel image editor, and GIMP. These programs make the changes digitally, allowing for faster workflow and more precise results. They also mitigate mistakes by allowing the artist to "undo" errors. Yet some artists are pushing the boundaries of digital image editing to create extremely time-intensive compositions that rival the demands of the traditional arts. The current trend is to create pictures that combine painting, theatre, illustration and graphics in a seamless photographic whole.
Digital collage.
Digital collage is the technique of using computer tools in collage creation to encourage chance associations of disparate visual elements and the subsequent transformation of the visual results through the use of electronic media. It is commonly used in the creation of digital art.
3-Dimensional Collage.
A 3D Collage is the art of putting altogether 3-Dimensional objects such as rocks, beads, buttons, coins or even soil to form a new whole or a new object. 3D collage is often one of the infamous kinds of collage. Examples of these can be houses, bead circles, etc.
Mosaic.
It is the art of putting together or assembling of small pieces of paper, tiles, marble, stones, etc. They are often found in cathedrals, churches, temples as a spiritual significance of interior design.Small pieces, normally roughly quadratic, of stone or glass of different colors, known as tesserae, (diminutive tessellae), are used to create a pattern or picture.
eCollage.
The term "eCollage" (electronic Collage) can be used for a collage created by using computer tools.
Collage in other contexts.
Collage in architecture.
Though Le Corbusier and other architects used techniques that are akin to collage, collage as a theoretical concept only became widely discussed after the publication of "Collage City" (1987) by Colin Rowe and Fred Koetter.
Rowe and Koetter were not, however, championing collage in the pictorial sense, much less seeking the types of disruptions of meaning that occur with collage. Instead, they were looking to challenge the uniformity of Modernism and saw collage with its non-linear notion of history as a means to reinvigorate design practice. Not only does historical urban fabric have its place, but in studying it, designers were, so it was hoped, able to get a sense of how better to operate. Rowe was a member of the so-called Texas Rangers, a group of architects who taught at the University of Texas for a while. Another member of that group was Bernhard Hoesli, a Swiss architect who went on to become an important educator at the ETH-Zurirch. Whereas for Rowe, collage was more a metaphor than an actual practice, Hoesli actively made collages as part of his design process. He was close to Robert Slutzky, a New York based artist, and frequently introduced the question of collage and disruption in his studio work.
Collage in music.
The concept of collage has crossed the boundaries of visual arts. In music, with the advances on recording technology, avant-garde artists started experimenting with cutting and pasting since the middle of the twentieth century.
In the 1960s, George Martin created collages of recordings while producing the records of The Beatles. In 1967 Pop artist Peter Blake made the collage for the cover of the Beatles seminal album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. In the 1970s and '80s, the likes of Christian Marclay and the group Negativland reappropriated old audio in new ways. By the 1990s and 2000s, with the popularity of the sampler, it became apparent that "musical collages" had become the norm for popular music, especially in rap, hip-hop and electronic music. In 1996, DJ Shadow released the groundbreaking album, Endtroducing..., made entirely of preexisting recorded material mixed together in audible collage. In the same year, New York City based artist, writer, and musician, Paul D. Miller aka DJ Spooky's work pushed the work of sampling into a museum and gallery context as an art practice that combined DJ culture's obsession with archival materials as sound sources on his album "Songs of a Dead Dreamer" and in his books "Rhythm Science" (2004) and "Sound Unbound(2008)" (MIT Press). In his books, "mash-up" and collage based mixes of authors, artists, and musicians such as Antonin Artaud, James Joyce, William S. Burroughs, and Raymond Scott were featured as part of a what he called "literature of sound." In 2000, The Avalanches released Since I Left You, a musical collage consisting of approximately 3,500 musical sources (i.e., samples).
Illustration.
Collage is commonly used as a technique in Children's picture book illustration. Eric Carle is a prominent example, using vividly coloured hand-textured papers cut to shape and layered together, sometimes embellished with crayon or other marks. See image at The Very Hungry Caterpillar.
Literary collage.
Collage novels are books with images selected from other publications and collaged together following a theme or narrative.
The bible of discordianism, the "Principia Discordia", is described by its author as a literary collage. A collage in literary terms may also refer to a layering of ideas or images.
Collage in film.
Collage film is traditionally defined as, “A film that juxtaposes fictional scenes with footage taken from disparate sources, such as newsreels.” Combining different types of footage can have various implications depending on the director’s approach. Collage film can also refer to the physical collaging of materials onto filmstrips. Canadian Film maker, Arthur Lipsett, was especially renown for his collage films, many of which were made from the cutting room floors of the National Film Board studios.
In post-production.
The use of CGI, or "computer-generated imagery", can be considered a form of collage, especially when animated graphics are layered over traditional film footage. At certain moments during "Amèlie" (Jean-Pierre Juenet, 2001), the mise en scène takes on a highly fantasized style, including fictitious elements like swirling tunnels of color and light. David O. Russel’s "I Heart Huckabees" (2004) incorporates CGI effects to visually demonstrate philosophical theories explained by the existential detectives (played by Lily Tomlin and Dustin Hoffman). In this case, the effects serve to enhance clarity, while adding a surreal aspect to an otherwise realistic film.
Legal issues.
When collage uses existing works, the result is what some copyright scholars call a "derivative work". The collage thus has a copyright separate from any copyrights pertaining to the original incorporated works.
Due to redefined and reinterpreted copyright laws, and increased financial interests, some forms of collage art are significantly restricted. For example, in the area of sound collage (such as hip hop music), some court rulings effectively have eliminated the de minimis doctrine as a defense to copyright infringement, thus shifting collage practice away from non-permissive uses relying on fair use or de minimis protections, and toward licensing. Examples of musical collage art that have run afoul of modern copyright are "The Grey Album" and Negativland's "U2".
The copyright status of visual works is less troubled, although still ambiguous. For instance, some visual collage artists have argued that the first-sale doctrine protects their work. The first-sale doctrine prevents copyright holders from controlling consumptive uses after the "first sale" of their work, although the Ninth Circuit has held that the first-sale doctrine does not apply to derivative works. The de minimis doctrine and the fair use exception also provide important defenses against claimed copyright infringement. The Second Circuit in October, 2006, held that artist Jeff Koons was not liable for copyright infringement because his incorporation of a photograph into a collage painting was fair use.

</doc>
<doc id="18938202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938202" title="Gay Mandeville">
Gay Mandeville


</doc>
<doc id="18938205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938205" title="Şəhriyar, Sharur">
Şəhriyar, Sharur

Şəhriyar (also, Shakhriar and Shakhriyar) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,348. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938207" title="Yuxarı Daşarx">
Yuxarı Daşarx

Yuxarı Daşarx (also, Yukhari-Dasharkh and Yukhary-Dasharkh) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,459. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938211" title="Sərxanlı">
Sərxanlı

Sərxanlı (also, Sarkhanly and Sarukhanlu) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 514. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938213" title="50 metre running target mixed">
50 metre running target mixed

50 metre running target mixed is an ISSF shooting event, shot with a .22-calibre rifle at a target depicting a boar moving sideways across a 10 metre wide opening. A part of the ISSF World Shooting Championships since 1970, it differs from 50 metre running target in that the slow runs (target visible for 5 seconds) and the fast runs (target visible for 2.5 seconds) are randomized so the shooter does not know in advance which speed to expect.
World Championships, Men.
This event was held in 1970-2009.
World Championships, Men Team.
This event was held in 1970-2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18938221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938221" title="Emporius">
Emporius

Emporius was a Latin rhetorician and the author of three short tracts titled "De Ethopoeia ac Loco Communi Liber", "Demonstrativae Maleteriae praeceptum" and "De Deliberatia Specie." He is believed to have flourished not earlier than the sixth century, chiefly from the circumstance that he refers in his illustrations to the regal power rather than to the imperial dignity, which he would scarcely have done had he lived before the revival of the kingly title.
Emporius was first edited by Beatus Rhenanus, along with some other authors upon rhetoric. The pieces named above will all be found in the "Antiqui Rhetores Latini" of Francois Pithou.

</doc>
<doc id="18938222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938222" title="10 metre running target mixed">
10 metre running target mixed

10 metre running target mixed is one of the ISSF shooting events, in which one shoots an airgun at a target that moves sideways. The target is pulled across a two meter aisle at a range of 10 metres from the firing point. The target is pulled either slow or fast, and it is visible for 5 or 2.5 seconds, respectively. The difference from 10 metre running target is that the slow and the fast runs are fired in a randomized order, that is not known beforehand to the shooter.
The course of fire is 40 shots, divided into two 20-shot stages, each consisting of exactly 10 slow and 10 fast runs.
World Championships, Men.
This event was held in 1994-2009.
World Championships, Men Team.
This event was held in 1994-2009.
World Championships, Women.
This event was held in 2002-2009.
World Championships, Women Team.
This event was held in 2002-2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18938226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938226" title="Digital rights management">
Digital rights management

Digital Rights Management (DRM) is a class of technologies that are used by hardware manufacturers, publishers, copyright holders, and individuals with the intent to control the use of digital content and devices after sale; there are, however, many competing definitions. With First-generation DRM software, the intent is to control copying; With Second-generation DRM, the intent is to control executing, viewing, copying, printing and altering of works or devices. The term is also sometimes referred to as "copy protection", "copy prevention", and "copy control", although the correctness of doing so is disputed. DRM is a set of access control technologies. Companies such as Amazon, AT&T, AOL, Apple Inc., Google, BBC, Microsoft, Electronic Arts, Sony, and Valve Corporation use digital rights management. In 1998, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) was passed in the United States to impose criminal penalties on those who make available technologies whose primary purpose and function are to circumvent content protection technologies.
The use of digital rights management is not universally accepted. Some content providers claim that DRM is necessary to fight copyright infringement online and that it can help the copyright holder maintain artistic control or ensure continued revenue streams. Proponents argue that digital locks should be considered necessary to prevent "intellectual property" from being copied freely, just as physical locks are needed to prevent personal property from being stolen. Those opposed to DRM contend there is no evidence that DRM helps prevent copyright infringement, arguing instead that it serves only to inconvenience legitimate customers, and that DRM helps big business stifle innovation and competition. Furthermore, works can become permanently inaccessible if the DRM scheme changes or if the service is discontinued.
Digital locks placed in accordance with DRM policies can also restrict users from doing something perfectly legal, such as making backup copies of CDs or DVDs, installing an app, lending materials out through a library, accessing works in the public domain, or using copyrighted materials for research and education under fair use laws. The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) and the FSF consider the use of DRM systems to be anti-competitive practice.
Introduction.
DRM technologies attempt to give control to the seller of digital content or devices after it has been given to a consumer. For digital content this means preventing the consumer access, denying the user the ability to copy the content or converting it to other formats. For devices this means restricting the consumers on what hardware can be used with the device or what software can be run on it. Long before the arrival of digital or even electronic media, copyright holders, content producers and other financially or artistically interested parties had business and legal objections to copying technologies. Examples include: player piano rolls early in the 20th century, audio tape recording, and video tape recording (e.g., the "Betamax case" in the U.S.). Copying technology thus exemplifies a disruptive technology.
The advent of digital media and analog/digital conversion technologies, especially those that are usable on mass-market general-purpose personal computers, has vastly increased the concerns of copyright-dependent individuals and organizations, especially within the music and movie industries, because these individuals and organizations are partly or wholly dependent on the revenue generated from such works. While analog media inevitably loses quality with each copy generation, and in some cases even during normal use, digital media files may be duplicated an unlimited number of times with no degradation in the quality of subsequent copies.
The advent of personal computers as household appliances has made it convenient for consumers to convert media (which may or may not be copyrighted) originally in a physical/analog form or a broadcast form into a universal, digital form (this process is called ripping) for location- or timeshifting. This, combined with the Internet and popular file sharing tools, has made unauthorized distribution of copies of copyrighted digital media (also called digital piracy) much easier.
DRM technologies enable content publishers to enforce their own access policies on content, like restrictions on copying or viewing. In cases where copying or some other use of the content is prohibited, regardless of whether or not such copying or other use is legally considered a "fair use", DRM technologies have come under fire. DRM is in common use by the entertainment industry (e.g., audio and video publishers). Many online music stores, such as Apple Inc.'s iTunes Store, as well as many e-book publishers also use DRM, as do cable and satellite service operators to prevent unauthorized use of content or services. However, Apple quietly dropped DRM from all iTunes music files in about 2009.
Common DRM techniques.
Digital Rights Management Techniques include:
Technologies.
DRM and computer games.
Limited install activations.
Computer games sometimes use DRM technologies to limit the number of systems the game can be installed on by requiring authentication with an online server. Most games with this restriction allow three or five installs, although some allow an installation to be 'recovered' when the game is uninstalled. This not only limits users who have more than three or five computers in their homes (seeing as the rights of the software developers allow them to limit the number of installations), but can also prove to be a problem if the user has to unexpectedly perform certain tasks like upgrading operating systems or reformatting the computer's hard drive, tasks which, depending on how the DRM is implemented, count a game's subsequent reinstall as a new installation, making the game potentially unusable after a certain period even if it is only used on a single computer.
In mid-2008, the publication of "Mass Effect" marked the start of a wave of titles primarily making use of SecuROM for DRM and requiring authentication via an online server. The use of the DRM scheme in 2008's "Spore" backfired and there were protests, resulting in a considerable number of users seeking a pirated version instead. This backlash against 3 activation limit was a significant factor in "Spore" becoming the most pirated game in 2008, with TorrentFreak compiling a "top 10" list with "Spore" topping the list. However, Tweakguides concluded that the presence of intrusive DRM does not appear to increase piracy of a game, noting that other games on the list such as "Call of Duty 4", "Assassin's Creed" and "Crysis" use SafeDisc DRM, which has no install limits and no online activation. Additionally, other video games that do use intrusive DRM such as "BioShock", "Crysis Warhead", and "Mass Effect", do not appear on the list.
Persistent online authentication.
Many mainstream publishers continued to rely on online-based DRM throughout the later half of 2008 and early 2009, including Electronic Arts, Ubisoft, Valve, and Atari, "The Sims 3" being a notable exception in the case of Electronic Arts. Ubisoft broke with the tendency to use online DRM in late 2008 with the release of "Prince of Persia" as an experiment to "see how truthful people really are" regarding the claim that DRM was inciting people to use pirated copies. Although Ubisoft has not commented on the results of the "experiment", Tweakguides noted that two torrents on Mininova had over 23,000 people downloading the game within 24 hours of its release.
Ubisoft formally announced a return to online authentication on 9 February 2010 through its Uplay online gaming platform, starting with ', ', and "Assassin's Creed II". "Silent Hunter 5" was first reported to have been compromised within 24 hours of release, but users of the cracked version soon found out that only early parts of the game were playable. The Uplay system works by having the installed game on the local PCs incomplete and then continuously downloading parts of the game-code from Ubisoft's servers as the game progresses. It was only more than a month after the PC release in the first week of April that software was released that could bypass Ubisoft's DRM in "Assassin's Creed II", demonstrating its strength. The software did this by emulating a Ubisoft server for the game. Later that month, a real crack was released that was able to remove the connection requirement altogether.
In early March 2010, Uplay servers suffered a period of inaccessibility due to a large-scale DDoS attack, causing around 5% of game owners to become locked out of playing their game. The company later credited owners of the affected games with a free download, and there has been no further downtime.
Other developers, such as Blizzard Entertainment are also shifting to a strategy where most of the game logic is on the "side" or taken care of by the servers of the game maker. Blizzard uses this strategy for its game Diablo III and Electronic Arts used this same strategy with their reboot of SimCity, the necessity of which has been questioned.
Software tampering.
Bohemia Interactive have used a form of technology since "", wherein if the game is suspected of being pirated, annoyances like guns losing their accuracy or the players being turned into a bird are introduced.
Croteam, the company that released "" in November 2011, implemented a different form of DRM wherein, instead of displaying error messages that stop the pirated version of the game from running, it causes a special invincible foe in the game to appear and constantly attack the player until they are killed.
DRM and documents.
Enterprise digital rights management (E-DRM or ERM) is the application of DRM technology to the control of access to corporate documents such as Microsoft Word, PDF, and AutoCAD files, emails, and intranet web pages rather than to the control of consumer media. E-DRM, now more commonly referenced as IRM (Information Rights Management), is generally intended to prevent the unauthorized use (such as industrial or corporate espionage or inadvertent release) of proprietary documents. IRM typically integrates with content management system software but corporations such as Samsung Electronics also develop their own custom DRM systems.
DRM has been used by organizations such as the British Library in its secure electronic delivery service to permit worldwide access to substantial numbers of rare (and in many cases unique) documents which, for legal reasons, were previously only available to authorized individuals actually visiting the Library's document centre at Boston Spa in England.
DRM and e-books.
Electronic books read on a personal computer or an e-book reader typically use DRM technology to limit copying, printing, and sharing of e-books. E-books are usually limited to a certain number of reading devices and some e-publishers prevent any copying or printing. Some commentators believe that DRM makes E-book publishing complex.
There are five main ebook formats at present. Mobipocket, KF8, Topaz, ePub and PDF. The Amazon Kindle uses Mobipocket, KF8 and Topaz; it also supports native PDF format ebooks and native PDF files. Other ebook readers mostly use ePub format ebooks, but with differing DRM schemes.
There are four main ebook DRM schemes in common use today, one each from Amazon, Adobe, Apple, and the Marlin Trust Management Organization (MTMO).
In one instance of DRM that caused a rift with consumers, Amazon.com remotely deleted purchased copies of George Orwell's "Nineteen Eighty-Four" and "Animal Farm" from customers' Amazon Kindles after providing them a refund for the purchased products. Commentators have widely described these actions as Orwellian, and have alluded to Big Brother from Orwell's "Nineteen Eighty-Four". After Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos issued a public apology, the Free Software Foundation wrote that this was just one more example of the excessive power Amazon has to remotely censor what people read through its software, and called upon Amazon to free its e-book reader and drop DRM. Amazon then revealed that the reason behind its deletion was the ebooks in question were unauthorized reproductions of Orwell's works, which were not within the public domain and to which the company that published and sold them on Amazon's service had no rights.
In recent years, some websites including library.nu, BookFinder and Library Genesis have emerged which allow downloading ebooks by violating copyright.
DRM and film.
An early example of a DRM system is the Content Scrambling System (CSS) employed by the DVD Forum on film DVDs c. 1996. CSS uses an encryption algorithm to encrypt content on the DVD disc. Manufacturers of DVD players must license this technology and implement it in their devices so that they can decrypt the encrypted content to play it. The CSS license agreement includes restrictions on how the DVD content is played, including what outputs are permitted and how such permitted outputs are made available. This keeps the encryption intact as the video material is played out to a TV. In 1999, Jon Lech Johansen released an application called DeCSS which allowed a CSS-encrypted DVD to play on a computer running the Linux operating system, at a time when no licensed DVD player application for Linux had yet been created. In the same year, Windows came out with Windows Media DRM, which read instructions from media files in a rights management language that stated what the user may do with the media. The language can define how many times the media file can be played, if it can be burned to a CD, if it can be printed, forwarded, or saved to the local disk. Later version of Windows Media DRM also allows producers to declare if user might transfer the media file over to other devices, music subscription services that makes downloaded files unplayable after canceled subscription, and regional lockout.
Microsoft's Windows Vista contains a DRM system called the Protected Media Path, which contains the Protected Video Path (PVP). PVP tries to stop DRM-restricted content from playing while unsigned software is running in order to prevent the unsigned software from accessing the content. Additionally, PVP can encrypt information during transmission to the monitor or the graphics card, which makes it more difficult to make unauthorized recordings.
Advanced Access Content System (AACS) is a DRM system for HD DVD and Blu-ray Discs developed by the AACS Licensing Administrator, LLC (AACS LA), a consortium that includes Disney, Intel, Microsoft, Matsushita (Panasonic), Warner Brothers, IBM, Toshiba and Sony. In December 2006 a process key was published on the internet by hackers, enabling unrestricted access to AACS-protected HD DVD content. After the cracked keys were revoked, further cracked keys were released.
Marlin (DRM) is a technology that is developed and maintained in an open industry group known as the Marlin Developer Community (MDC) and licensed by the Marlin Trust Management Organization (MTMO). Founded in 2005 by five companies: Intertrust, Panasonic, Philips, Samsung, and Sony, Marlin DRM has been deployed in multiple places around the world. In Japan the acTVila IPTV service uses Marlin to encrypt video streams, which are permitted to be recorded on a DVR in the home. In Europe, Philips NetTVs implement Marlin DRM. Also in Europe, Marlin DRM is required in such industry groups as the Open IPTV Forum and national initiatives such as YouView in the UK, Tivu in Italy, and HDForum in France, which are starting to see broad deployments.
DRM and music.
Audio CDs.
Discs with DRM schemes are not legitimately standards-compliant Compact Discs (CDs) but are rather CD-ROM media. Therefore they all lack the CD logotype found on discs which follow the standard (known as Red Book). Therefore these CDs could not be played on all CD players or personal computers. Personal computers running Microsoft Windows would sometimes even crash when attempting to play the CDs.
In 2005, Sony BMG introduced new DRM technology which installed DRM software on users' computers without clearly notifying the user or requiring confirmation. Among other things, the installed software included a rootkit, which created a severe security vulnerability others could exploit. When the nature of the DRM involved was made public much later, Sony BMG initially minimized the significance of the vulnerabilities its software had created, but was eventually compelled to recall millions of CDs, and released several attempts to patch the surreptitiously included software to at least remove the rootkit. Several class action lawsuits were filed, which were ultimately settled by agreements to provide affected consumers with a cash payout or album downloads free of DRM.
Sony BMG's DRM software actually had only a limited ability to prevent copying, as it affected only playback on Windows computers, not on other equipment. Even on the Windows platform, users regularly bypassed the restrictions. And, while the Sony BMG DRM technology created fundamental vulnerabilities in customers' computers, parts of it could be trivially bypassed by holding down the "shift" key while inserting the CD, or by disabling the autorun feature. In addition, audio tracks could simply be played and re-recorded, thus completely bypassing all of the DRM (this is known as the analog hole). Sony BMG's first two attempts at releasing a patch which would remove the DRM software from users' computers failed.
In January 2007, EMI stopped publishing audio CDs with DRM, stating that "the costs of DRM do not measure up to the results." Following EMI, Sony BMG was the last publisher to abolish DRM completely, and audio CDs containing DRM are no longer released by the four record labels.
Internet music.
Many online music stores employ DRM to restrict usage of music purchased and downloaded online.
The various services are currently not interoperable, though those that use the same DRM system (for instance the several Windows Media DRM format stores, including Napster, Kazaa and Yahoo Music) all provide songs that can be played side-by-side through the same player program. Almost all stores require client software of some sort to be downloaded, and some also need plug-ins. Several colleges and universities, such as Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, have made arrangements with assorted Internet music suppliers to provide access (typically DRM-restricted) to music files for their students, to less than universal popularity, sometimes making payments from student activity fee funds. One of the problems is that the music becomes unplayable after leaving school unless the student continues to pay individually. Another is that few of these vendors are compatible with the most common portable music player, the Apple iPod. The Gowers Review of Intellectual Property (to HMG in the UK; 141 pages, 40+ specific recommendations) has taken note of the incompatibilities, and suggests (Recommendations 8—12) that there be explicit fair dealing exceptions to copyright allowing libraries to copy and format-shift between DRM schemes, and further allowing end users to do the same privately. If adopted, some of the acrimony may decrease.
Although DRM is prevalent for Internet music, some online music stores such as eMusic, Dogmazic, Amazon, and Beatport, do not use DRM despite encouraging users to avoid sharing music. Major labels have begun releasing more online music without DRM. Eric Bangeman suggests in Ars Technica that this is because the record labels are "slowly beginning to realize that they can't have DRMed music and complete control over the online music market at the same time... One way to break the cycle is to sell music that is playable on any digital audio player. eMusic does exactly that, and their surprisingly extensive catalog of non-DRMed music has vaulted it into the number two online music store position behind the iTunes Store." Apple's Steve Jobs called on the music industry to eliminate DRM in an open letter titled Thoughts on Music. Apple's iTunes Store will start to sell DRM-free 256 kbit/s (up from 128 kbit/s) AAC encoded music from EMI for a premium price (this has since reverted to the standard price).
In March 2007, Musicload.de, one of Europe's largest online music retailers, announced their position strongly against DRM. In an open letter, Musicload stated that three out of every four calls to their customer support phone service are as a result of consumer frustration with DRM.
Mobile Ring Tones.
The Open Mobile Alliance created a standard for interoperable DRM on mobile devices. The first version of OMA DRM consisted of a simple rights management language and was widely used to protect mobile phone ringtones from being copied from the phone to other devices. Later versions expanded the rights management language to similar expressiveness as Fairplay, bit did not become widely used.
DRM and television.
The CableCard standard is used by cable television providers in the United States to restrict content to services to which the customer has subscribed.
The broadcast flag concept was developed by Fox Broadcasting in 2001 and was supported by the MPAA and the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC). A ruling in May 2005 by a US Court of Appeals held that the FCC lacked authority to impose it on the TV industry in the US. It required that all HDTVs obey a stream specification determining whether or not a stream can be recorded. This could block instances of fair use, such as time-shifting. It achieved more success elsewhere when it was adopted by the Digital Video Broadcasting Project (DVB), a consortium of about 250 broadcasters, manufacturers, network operators, software developers, and regulatory bodies from about 35 countries involved in attempting to develop new digital TV standards.
An updated variant of the broadcast flag has been developed in the Content Protection and Copy Management group under DVB (DVB-CPCM). Upon publication by DVB, the technical specification was submitted to European governments in March 2007. As with much DRM, the CPCM system is intended to control use of copyrighted material by the end-user, at the direction of the copyright holder. According to Ren Bucholz of the EFF, which paid to be a member of the consortium, "You won't even know ahead of time whether and how you will be able to record and make use of particular programs or devices". The DVB claims that the system will harmonize copyright holders' control across different technologies, thereby making things easier for end users. The normative sections have now all been approved for publication by the DVB Steering Board, and will be published by ETSI as a formal European Standard as ETSI TS 102 825-X where X refers to the Part number of specification. Nobody has yet stepped forward to provide a Compliance and Robustness regime for the standard (though several are rumoured to be in development), so it is not presently possible to fully implement a system, as there is nowhere to obtain the necessary device certificates.
Metadata.
Sometimes, metadata is included in purchased media which records information such as the purchaser's name, account information, or email address. Also included may be the file's publisher, author, creation date, download date, and various notes. This information is not embedded in the played content, like a watermark, but is kept separate, but within the file or stream.
As an example, metadata is used in media purchased from Apple's iTunes Store for DRM-free as well as DRM-restricted versions of their music or videos. This information is included as MPEG standard metadata.
Watermarks.
Digital watermarks are features of media that are added during production or distribution. Digital watermarks involve data that is arguably steganographically embedded within the audio or video data.
Watermarks can be used for different purposes that may include:
Watermarks are not complete DRM mechanisms in their own right, but are used as part of a system for copyright enforcement, such as helping provide prosecution evidence for purely legal avenues of rights management, rather than direct technological restriction. Some programs used to edit video and/or audio may distort, delete, or otherwise interfere with watermarks. Signal/modulator-carrier chromatography may also separate watermarks from original audio or detect them as glitches. Additionally, comparison of two separately obtained copies of audio using simple, home-grown algorithms can often reveal watermarks. New methods of detection are currently under investigation by both industry and non-industry researchers.
Laws regarding DRM.
DRM systems have received some international legal backing by implementation of the 1996 WIPO Copyright Treaty (WCT). Article 11 of the Treaty requires nations party to the treaties to enact laws against DRM circumvention.
The WCT has been implemented in most member states of the World Intellectual Property Organization. The American implementation is the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), while in Europe the treaty has been implemented by the 2001 European directive on copyright, which requires member states of the European Union to implement legal protections for technological prevention measures. , the lower house of the French parliament adopted such legislation as part of the controversial DADVSI law, but added that protected DRM techniques should be made interoperable, a move which caused widespread controversy in the United States.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) is an amendment to United States copyright law, passed unanimously on May 14, 1998, which criminalizes the production and dissemination of technology that allows users to circumvent technical copy-restriction methods. Under the Act, circumvention of a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work is illegal if done with the primary intent of violating the rights of copyright holders. (For a more detailed analysis of the statute, see WIPO Copyright and Performances and Phonograms Treaties Implementation Act.)
Reverse engineering of existing systems is expressly permitted under the Act under specific conditions. Under the reverse engineering safe harbor, circumvention necessary to achieve interoperability with other software is specifically authorized. See 17 U.S.C. Sec. 1201(f). Open-source software to decrypt content scrambled with the Content Scrambling System and other encryption techniques presents an intractable problem with the application of the Act. Much depends on the intent of the actor. If the decryption is done for the purpose of achieving interoperability of open source operating systems with proprietary operating systems, the circumvention would be protected by Section 1201(f) the Act. Cf., Universal City Studios, Inc. v. Corley, 273 F.3d 429 (2d Cir. 2001) at notes 5 and 16. However, dissemination of such software for the purpose of violating or encouraging others to violate copyrights has been held illegal. See Universal City Studios, Inc. v. Reimerdes, 111 F. Supp. 2d 346 (S.D.N.Y. 2000).
The DMCA has been largely ineffective in protecting DRM systems, as software allowing users to circumvent DRM remains widely available. However, those who wish to preserve the DRM systems have attempted to use the Act to restrict the distribution and development of such software, as in the case of DeCSS.
Although the Act contains an exception for research, the exception is subject to vague qualifiers that do little to reassure researchers. Cf., 17 U.S.C. Sec. 1201(g). The DMCA has had an impact on cryptography, because many fear that cryptanalytic research may violate the DMCA. The arrest of Russian programmer Dmitry Sklyarov in 2001, for alleged infringement of the DMCA, was a highly publicized example of the law's use to prevent or penalize development of anti-DRM measures. Sklyarov was arrested in the United States after a presentation at DEF CON, and subsequently spent several months in jail. The DMCA has also been cited as chilling to non-criminal inclined users, such as students of cryptanalysis (including, in a well-known instance, Professor Felten and students at Princeton), and security consultants such as the Netherlands based Niels Ferguson, who has declined to publish information about vulnerabilities he discovered in an Intel secure-computing scheme because of his concern about being arrested under the DMCA when he travels to the US.
European Union.
On 22 May 2001, the European Union passed the EU Copyright Directive, an implementation of the 1996 WIPO Copyright Treaty that addressed many of the same issues as the DMCA.
On 25 April 2007 the European Parliament supported the first directive of EU, which aims to harmonize criminal law in the member states. It adopted a first reading report on harmonizing the national measures for fighting copyright abuse. If the European Parliament and the Council approve the legislation, the submitted directive will oblige the member states to consider a crime a violation of international copyright committed with commercial purposes. The text suggests numerous measures: from fines to imprisonment, depending on the gravity of the offense.
The EP members supported the Commission motion, changing some of the texts. They excluded patent rights from the range of the directive and decided that the sanctions should apply only to offenses with commercial purposes. Copying for personal, non-commercial purposes was also excluded from the range of the directive.
International issues.
In Europe, there are several ongoing dialog activities that are characterized by their consensus-building intention:
Israel.
Israel is a signatory to, but has not yet ratified, the WIPO Copyright Treaty. Israeli law does not currently expressly prohibit the circumvention of technological measures used to implement digital rights management. The Israeli Ministry of Justice proposed a bill to prohibit such activities in June 2012, but the bill was not passed by the Knesset. In September 2013, the Supreme Court ruled that the current copyright law could not be interpreted to prohibit the circumvention of digital rights management, though the Court left open the possibility that such activities could result in liability under the law of unjust enrichment. 
Opposition to DRM.
Many organizations, prominent individuals, and computer scientists are opposed to DRM. Two notable DRM critics are John Walker, as expressed for instance, in his article "The Digital Imprimatur: How Big brother and big media can put the Internet genie back in the bottle", and Richard Stallman in his article "The Right to Read" and in other public statements: "DRM is an example of a malicious feature - a feature designed to hurt the user of the software, and therefore, it's something for which there can never be toleration". Professor Ross Anderson of Cambridge University heads a British organization which opposes DRM and similar efforts in the UK and elsewhere. Cory Doctorow, a prominent writer and technology blogger, spoke on the Microsoft campus criticizing the technology, the morality, and the marketing of DRM.
There have been numerous others who see DRM at a more fundamental level. TechMediums.com argues that DRM-free music allows for viral marketing, arguing that independent artists benefit from "free marketing" and can then focus on revenues from higher margin products like merchandise and concert ticket sales. This is similar to some of the ideas in Michael H. Goldhaber's presentation about "The Attention Economy and the Net" at a 1997 conference on the "Economics of Digital Information." (sample quote from the "Advice for the Transition" section of that presentation: "If you can't figure out how to afford it without charging, you may be doing something wrong.")
The EFF and similar organizations such as FreeCulture.org also hold positions which are characterized as opposed to DRM.
The Foundation for a Free Information Infrastructure has criticized DRM's impact as a trade barrier from a free market perspective.
The final version of the GNU General Public License version 3, as released by the Free Software Foundation, has a provision that 'strips' DRM of its legal value, so people can break the DRM on GPL software without breaking laws like the DMCA. Also, in May 2006, the FSF launched a "Defective by Design" campaign against DRM.
Creative Commons provides licensing options encouraging the expansion of and building upon creative work without the use of DRM. In addition, the use of DRM by a licensee to restrict the freedoms granted by a Creative Commons license is a breach of the Baseline Rights asserted by each license.
Bill Gates spoke about DRM at CES in 2006. According to him, DRM is not where it should be, and causes problems for legitimate consumers while trying to distinguish between legitimate and illegitimate users.
According to Steve Jobs, Apple opposes DRM music after a public letter calling its music labels to stop requiring DRM on its iTunes Store. As of January 6, 2009, the iTunes Store is DRM-free for songs. However, Apple considers DRM on video content as a separate issue and has not removed DRM from all of its video catalog.
The Norwegian Consumer rights organization "Forbrukerrådet" complained to Apple Inc. in 2007 about the company's use of DRM in, and in conjunction with, its iPod and iTunes products. Apple was accused of restricting users' access to their music and videos in an unlawful way, and of using EULAs which conflict with Norwegian consumer legislation. The complaint was supported by consumers' ombudsmen in Sweden and Denmark, and is currently being reviewed in the EU. Similarly, the United States Federal Trade Commission held hearings in March 2009 to review disclosure of DRM limitations to customers' use of media products.
The use of DRM may also be a barrier to future historians, since technologies designed to permit data to be read only on particular machines, or with particular keys, or for certain periods, may well make future data recovery impossible – see Digital Revolution.
DRM opponents argue that the presence of DRM violates existing private property rights and restricts a range of heretofore normal and legal user activities. A DRM component would control a device a user owns (such as a digital audio player) by restricting how it may act with regards to certain content, overriding some of the user's wishes (for example, preventing the user from burning a copyrighted song to CD as part of a compilation or a review). Doctorow has described this possibility as "the right to make up your own copyright laws".
An example of this restriction to legal user activities may be seen in Microsoft's Windows Vista operating system in which content using a Protected Media Path is disabled or degraded depending on the DRM scheme's evaluation of whether the hardware and its use are 'secure'. All forms of DRM depend on the DRM enabled device (e.g., computer, DVD player, TV) imposing restrictions that (at least by intent) cannot be disabled or modified by the user. Key issues around DRM such as the right to make personal copies, provisions for persons to lend copies to friends, provisions for service discontinuance, hardware agnosticism, software and operating system agnosticism, contracts for public libraries, and customers' protection against one-side amendments of the contract by the publisher have not been fully addressed.(see references 80-89) It has also been pointed out that it is entirely unclear whether owners of content with DRM are legally permitted to pass on their property as inheritance to another person.
Tools like FairUse4WM have been created to strip Windows Media of DRM restrictions.
Valve Corporation President Gabe Newell also stated "most DRM strategies are just dumb" because they only decrease the value of a game in the consumer's eyes. Newell suggests that the goal should instead be " greater value for customers through service value".
At the 2012 Game Developers Conference, the CEO of CD Projekt Red, Marcin Iwinski, announced that the company will not use DRM in any of its future releases. Iwinski stated of DRM, "it's just over-complicating things. We release the game. It's cracked in two hours, it was no time for . What really surprised me is that the pirates didn't use the GOG version, which was not protected. They took the SecuROM retail version, cracked it and said 'we cracked it' – meanwhile there's a non-secure version with a simultaneous release. You'd think the GOG version would be the one floating around." Iwinski added after the presentation, "DRM does not protect your game. If there are examples that it does, then people maybe should consider it, but then there are complications with legit users."
Bruce Schneier argues that digital copy prevention is futile: "What the entertainment industry is trying to do is to use technology to contradict that natural law. They want a practical way to make copying hard enough to save their existing business. But they are doomed to fail." He has also described trying to make digital files uncopyable as being like "trying to make water not wet". The creators of StarForce also take this stance, stating that "The purpose of copy protection is not making the game uncrackable - it is impossible."
The Association for Computing Machinery and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers have historically opposed DRM, even going so far as to name AACS as a technology "most likely to fail" in an issue of IEEE Spectrum.
DRM-free works.
In reaction to opposition to DRM, many publishers and artists label their works as "DRM-free". Major companies who have done so include the following:
Shortcomings.
Methods to bypass DRM.
There are many methods to bypass DRM control on audio and video content.
One simple method to bypass DRM on audio files is to burn the content to an audio CD and then rip it into DRM-free files. Some software products simplify and automate this burn-rip process by allowing the user to burn music to a CD-RW disc or to a Virtual CD-R drive, then automatically ripping and encoding the music, and automatically repeating this process until all selected music has been converted, rather than forcing the user to do this one CD (72–80 minutes worth of music) at a time.
Many software programs have been developed that intercept the data stream as it is decrypted out of the DRM-restricted file, and then use this data to construct a DRM-free file. These programs require a decryption key. Programs that do this for DVDs, HD DVDs, and Blu-ray Discs include universal decryption keys in the software itself. Programs that do this for TiVo ToGo recordings, iTunes audio, and PlaysForSure songs, however, rely on the user's own key — that is, they can only process content that the user has legally acquired under his or her own account.
Another method is to use software to record the signals being sent through the audio or video cards, or to plug analog recording devices into the analog outputs of the media player. These techniques utilize the "analog hole."
Analog hole.
All forms of DRM for audio and visual material (excluding interactive materials, e.g., videogames) are subject to the "analog hole", namely that in order for a viewer to play the material, the digital signal must be turned into an analog signal containing light and/or sound for the viewer, and so available to be copied as no DRM is capable of controlling content in this form. In other words, a user could play a purchased audio file while using a separate program to record the sound back into the computer into a DRM-free file format.
All DRM to date can therefore be bypassed by recording this signal and digitally storing and distributing it in a non DRM limited form, by anyone who has the technical means of recording the analog stream. Furthermore, the analog hole vulnerability cannot be overcome without the additional protection of externally imposed restrictions, such as legal regulations, because the vulnerability is inherent to all analog means of transmission. However, the conversion from digital to analog and back is likely to force a loss of quality, particularly when using lossy digital formats. HDCP is an attempt to plug the analog hole, although it is largely ineffective.
Asus released a soundcard which features a function called "Analog Loopback Transformation" to bypass the restrictions of DRM. This feature allows the user to record DRM-restricted audio via the soundcard's built-in analog I/O connection.
In order to prevent this exploit there has been some discussions between copyright holders and manufacturers of electronics capable of playing such content, to no longer include analog connectivity in their devices. The movement dubbed as "Analog Sunset" has seen a steady decline in analog output options on most Blu-ray devices manufactured after 2010.
DRM on general computing platforms.
Many of the DRM systems in use are designed to work on general purpose computing hardware, such as desktop PCs apparently because this equipment is felt to be a major contributor to revenue loss from disallowed copying. Large commercial copyright infringers ("pirates") avoid consumer equipment, so losses from such infringers will not be covered by such provisions.
Such schemes, especially software based ones, can never be wholly secure since the software must include all the information necessary to decrypt the content, such as the decryption keys. An attacker will be able to extract this information, directly decrypt and copy the content, which bypasses the restrictions imposed by a DRM system.
DRM on purpose-built hardware.
Many DRM schemes use encrypted media which requires purpose-built hardware to hear or see the content. This appears to ensure that only licensed users (those with the hardware) can access the content. It additionally tries to protect a secret decryption key from the users of the system.
While this in principle can work, it is extremely difficult to build the hardware to protect the secret key against a sufficiently determined adversary. Many such systems have failed in the field. Once the secret key is known, building a version of the hardware that performs no checks is often relatively straightforward. In addition user verification provisions are frequently subject to attack, pirate decryption being among the most frequented ones.
A common real-world example can be found in commercial direct broadcast satellite television systems such as DirecTV and Malaysia's Astro. The company uses tamper-resistant smart cards to store decryption keys so that they are hidden from the user and the satellite receiver. However, the system has been compromised in the past, and DirecTV has been forced to roll out periodic updates and replacements for its smart cards.
Watermarks.
Watermarks can very typically be removed, although degradation of video or audio can occur.
Undecrypted copying failure.
Mass piracy of hard copies does not necessarily need DRM to be decrypted or removed, as it can be achieved by bit-perfect copying of a legally obtained medium without accessing the decrypted content. Additionally, still-encrypted disk images can be distributed over the Internet and played on legitimately licensed players.
Obsolescence.
When standards and formats change, it may be difficult to transfer DRM-restricted content to new media. Additionally, any system that requires contact with an authentication server is vulnerable to that server becoming unavailable, as happened in 2007 when videos purchased from Major League Baseball (mlb.com) prior to 2006 became unplayable due to a change to the servers that validate the licenses.
Amazon PDF and LIT ebooks
In August 2006, Amazon stopped selling DRMed PDF and .LIT format ebooks. Customers were unable to download purchased ebooks 30 days after that date, losing access to their purchased content on new devices.
Microsoft Zune
When Microsoft introduced their Zune media player in 2006, it did not support content that uses Microsoft's own PlaysForSure DRM scheme they had previously been selling. The EFF calls this "a raw deal".
MSN Music
In April 2008, Microsoft sent an email to former customers of the now-defunct MSN Music store:
"As of August 31, 2008, we will no longer be able to support the retrieval of license keys for the songs you purchased from MSN Music or the authorization of additional computers. You will need to obtain a license key for each of your songs downloaded from MSN Music on any new computer, and you must do so before August 31, 2008. If you attempt to transfer your songs to additional computers after August 31, 2008, those songs will not successfully play."
However, to avoid a public relations disaster, Microsoft re-issued MSN Music shutdown statement on June 19 and allowed the users to use their licenses until the end of 2011: "After careful consideration, Microsoft has decided to continue to support the authorization of new computers and devices and delivery of new license keys for MSN Music customers through at least the end of 2011, after which we will evaluate how much this functionality is still being used and what steps should be taken next to support our customers. This means you will continue to be able to listen to your purchased music and transfer your music to new PCs and devices beyond the previously announced August 31, 2008 date."
Yahoo! Music Store
On July 23, 2008, the Yahoo! Music Store emailed its customers to tell them it will be shutting down effective September 30, 2008 and the DRM license key servers will be taken offline.
Walmart
In August 2007, Walmart's online music division started offering (DRM-free) MP3s as an option. Starting in February 2008, they made all sales DRM-free.
On September 26, 2008, the Walmart Music Team notified its customers via email they will be shutting down their DRM servers October 9, 2008 and any DRM-encumbered music acquired from them will no longer be accessible unless ripped to a non-DRM format before that date.
After bad press and negative reaction from customers, on October 9, 2008, Walmart decided not to take its DRM servers offline.
Fictionwise / Overdrive
In January 2009, OverDrive informed Fictionwise that they would no longer be providing downloads for purchasers of e-books through Fictionwise as of 31 January 2009. No reason was provided to Fictionwise as to why they were being shut down. This prevents previous purchasers from being able to renew their books on new devices. Fictionwise is working to provide replacement ebooks for its customers in alternative, non-DRM formats, but does not have the rights to provide all of the books in different formats.
Ads for Adobe PDF
Also in January 2009, Adobe Systems announced that as of March 2009 they would no longer operate the servers that served ads to their PDF reader. Depending on the restriction settings used when PDF documents were created, they may no longer be readable.
Adobe Content Server 3 for Adobe PDF
In April 2009, Adobe Systems announced that as of March 30, 2009 the Adobe Content 3 server would no longer activate new installations of Adobe Reader or Adobe Acrobat. In addition, the ability to migrate content from Adobe Content Server 3 to Adobe Content Server 4 would cease from mid-December 2009. Anyone who failed to migrate their DRMed PDF files during this nine month window lost access to their content the next time they had to re-install their copy of Adobe Reader or Adobe Acrobat.
Harper Collins ebook store
In November 2010, Harper Collins announced that as of November 19, 2010, their eBook Store was discontinued, and advised all customers to download and archive their purchases before December 19, 2010, when purchased titles would no longer be accessible. Loss of access to Mobipocket ebooks on new devices.
CyberRead ebook store
In February 2011, CyberRead announced that they were closing down, and advised all customers to download and archive their purchases. Loss of access to Mobipocket ebooks on new devices.
Fictionwise
In November 2012, Fictionwise announced that they were shutting down. Access to ebook downloads stopped on 31 January 2013. US and UK customers had a limited time-window (up to 26 April 2013) to opt-in to a transfer of (most of) their Fictionwise library to a Barnes & Nobel/NOOK UK account. Customers outside the US and UK lost access to new downloads of their books. For books in the secure Mobipocket format, this meant that customers would not be able to read the book on any new devices.
JManga ebook store
In March 2013, JManga announced that they were closing down, and advised all customers that they would lose all access to their content in May 2013.
Waterstones ebook store
In March 2013, Waterstones announced that they were making changes to their eBook store, and advised customers that some of their ebooks would become unavailable for download after 18 April 2013. Waterstones advised affected customers to download before then. Any customer who had not kept their own backups and missed this 31-day window lost their ebooks.
Acetrax Video on Demand
In May 2013, Acetrax announced they were shutting down. Refunds were provided for purchases of HD movies, but for standard definition versions, the only option made available was a limited time option to download to a Windows PC, but the movie would then be locked to that particular installation of Microsoft Media Player. Non-Windows users lost access to their SD movies.
Environmental issues.
DRM can accelerate hardware obsolescence, turning it into electronic waste sooner:
Moral and legitimacy implications.
That is, the law, or in this case, the contract between the user and seller, cannot be readily determined, and is widely broken. These facts reduce the ability of a law-abiding person to both detect when they've broken the law, and to feel a moral obligation to abide by DRM contract and law.
The answers to these questions are non-obvious, which breaks one of the fundamental principles of the Rule of Law listed above.
Relaxing some forms of DRM can be beneficial.
Jeff Raikes, ex-president of the Microsoft Business Division, stated: "If they're going to pirate somebody, we want it to be us rather than somebody else". An analogous argument was made in an early paper by Kathleen Conner and Richard Rummelt. A subsequent study of digital rights management for ebooks by Gal Oestreicher-Singer and Arun Sundararajan showed that relaxing some forms of DRM can be beneficial to digital rights holders because the losses from piracy are outweighed by the increases in value to legal buyers.
Also, free distribution, even if unauthorized, can be beneficial to small or new content providers by spreading and popularizing content and therefore generating a larger consumer base by sharing and word of mouth. Several musicians have grown to popularity by posting their music videos on sites like YouTube where the content is free to listen to. This method of putting the product out in the world free of DRM not only generates a greater following but also fuels greater revenue through other merchandise (hats, t-shirts), concert tickets, and of course, more sales of the content to paying consumers.
Can increase piracy.
While the main intent of DRM is to prevent unauthorized copies of a product, there are mathematical models that suggest that DRM can fail to do their job on multiple levels. Ironically, the biggest failure that can result from DRM is that they have a potential to increase the piracy of a product. This goes against the held belief that DRM can always reduce piracy. There also seems to be evidence that DRM will reduce profits.
The driving factor behind why DRM have the potential to increase piracy is related to how many restrictions they impose on a legal buyer. An ideal DRM would be one which imposes zero restrictions on legal buyers but makes imposing restrictions on pirates. Even if an ideal DRM can be created and used, in certain cases, it can be shown that removing the DRM will result in less piracy. This is also true when the DRM is not ideal and it does impose restrictions on legal buyers. The reason for this is because, when the DRM is imposed, pirates are able to lift the restrictions set by it. This leads pirates being able to get more utility out of the product than legal consumers and this is what causes the increase in piracy.
The important factor for companies is how all of this affects their profits. As mentioned, removing DRM will increase profits whether the DRM are ideal or not. Removing DRM can make the product cheaper. For the ideal DRM, the reason why profits can increase is because of the price elasticity of demand is elastic. Since there are also less people pirating and more people legally buying, more profits are going to be made. For the non-ideal DRM this is also true, especially when there are a high number of restrictions associated with it.
The mathematical models are strictly applied to the music industry (music CDs, downloadable music). These models could be extended to the other industries such as the gaming industry which show similarities to the music industry model. There are real instances when DRM restrain consumers in the gaming industry. Some DRM games are required to connect to the internet in order to play them. If one can't connect to the internet or if the service is down, one can't play. Good Old Games' head of public relations and marketing, Trevor Longino, in agreement with this, believes that using DRM is less effective than improving a game's value in reducing video game piracy. However, TorrentFreak published a "Top 10 pirated games of 2008" list which shows that intrusive DRM is not the main reason why some games are pirated more heavily than others. Popular games such as BioShock, Crysis Warhead, and Mass Effect which use intrusive DRM are strangely absent from the list.
Alternatives to DRM.
Several business models have been proposed that offer an alternative to the use of DRM by content providers and rights holders.
"Easy and cheap".
The first business model that dissuades illegal file sharing is to make the downloading easy and cheap. The use of a noncommercial site makes downloading music complex. If someone misspells the artist's name, the search will leave the consumer dissatisfied. Also, some illegal file sharing websites lead to many viruses that attach themselves to the files. Some sites limit the traffic, which can make downloading a song a long and frustrating process. If the songs are all provided on one site, and reasonably priced, consumers will purchase the music legally to overcome the frustrations that can occur downloading illegally.
Comedian Louis C.K. made headlines in 2011 with the release of his concert film "Live at the Beacon Theater" as an inexpensive ($5), DRM-free download. The only attempt to deter piracy was a letter emphasizing the lack of corporate involvement and direct relationship between artist and viewer. The film was a commercial success, turning a profit within 12 hours of its release. Some, including the artist himself, have suggested that piracy rates were lower than normal as a result, making the release an important case study for the digital marketplace.
Webcomic Diesel Sweeties released a DRM-free PDF ebook on author R Stevens's 35th birthday, leading to more than 140,000 downloads in the first month, according to Stevens. He followed this with a DRM-free iBook specifically for the iPad, using Apple's new software, which generated more than 10,000 downloads in three days. That led Stevens to launch a Kickstarter project – "ebook stravaganza 3000" – to fund the conversion of 3,000 comics, written over 12 years, into a single "humongous" ebook to be released both for free and through the iBookstore; launched February 8, 2012, with the goal of raising $3,000 in 30 days, the project met its goal in 45 minutes, and went on to be funded at more than 10 times its original goal. The "payment optional" DRM-free model in this case was adopted on Stevens' view that "there is a class of webcomics reader who would prefer to read in large chunks and, even better, would be willing to spend a little money on it."
Crowdfunding/pre-order model.
In February 2012 Double Fine asked for an upcoming video game, "Double Fine Adventure", for crowdfunding on kickstarter.com and offered the game DRM-free for backers. This project exceeded its original goal of $400,000 in 45 days, raising in excess of $2 million. In this case DRM free was offered to backers as an incentive for supporting the project pre-release, with the consumer/community support and media attention from the highly successful Kickstarter drive counterbalancing Also, crowdfunding with the product itself as benefit for the supporters can be seen as pre-order or subscription business model in which one motivation for DRM, the uncertainty if a product will have enough paying customers to outweight the development costs, is eliminated. After the success of "Double Fine Adventure" many games were crowdfunded and many of them offered a DRM-free game version for the backers.
Instantaneous cloud media.
A second business model to consider is a cloud based system which contains all the digital media that users are interested in. Users are granted access to this cloud for an easy and cheap low month or yearly fee. A system like this that is designed to provide streaming digital media through a social atmosphere would over time create a network externality eliminating piracy of digital media. With a system like this users can easily obtain all the digital media they are interested in easily at their finger tips. A cloud infrastructure like this would allow digital computing with easily available software for users but also allow other forms of digital media such as music, movies and books.
Companies who have adopted this model include Spotify and Intel Insider. Spotify advertises a free business model, where users are given free music with advertising or for a monthly fee no advertising. Users who use the free version of Spotify grow accustomed to the customizability and personalization of making playlists. This personalizable and customizable data feeds Spotify with detailed information which they can use to increase revenues. In addition, Spotify creates a social atmosphere through connecting with social networks such as Facebook. This social network is advertising in itself, a business model advantage.
Intel Insider provides movies from the mobile platform to the TV. This technology controls access to movies and prevents users from being able to copy and redistribute the media. Through the purchase of their enabled hardware, users can view movies. This technology is essentially DRM in itself. With the protected audio and video paths users are prevented from even accessing the media and are only able to see the effects of it coming out the TV.
Media streaming from the cloud in encrypted forms provides a strong piracy deterrent. However, this is also a magnet for media enthusiasts who are interested in easily obtainable media. Providing this cheap and easily obtainable media connected to social networking promotes growth in user experiences and throughput. With this cloud model any user can connect and enjoy instantaneous gratification.
Digital content as promotion for traditional products.
Many artists are using the Internet to give away music to create awareness and liking to a new upcoming album. The artists release a new song on the internet for free download, which consumers can download. The hope is to have the listeners buy the new album because of the free download. A common practice used today is releasing a song or two on the internet for consumers to indulge. In 2007, Radiohead released an album named In Rainbows, in which fans could pay any amount they want, or download it for free. The disadvantage to giving away a new single on an album is that it may discourage the consumers from buying the whole album if they dislike the single.
Artistic Freedom Voucher.
The Artistic Freedom Voucher (AFV) introduced by Dean Baker is a way for consumers to support “creative and artistic work.” In this system, each consumer would have a refundable tax credit of $100 to give to any artist of creative work. To restrict fraud, the artists must register with the government. The voucher prohibits any artist that receives the benefits from copyrighting their material for a certain length of time. Consumers can obtain music for a certain amount of time easily and the consumer decides which artists receive the $100. The money can either be given to one artist or to many, the distribution is up to the consumer.
Historical note.
A very early implementation of DRM was the Software Service System (SSS) devised by the Japanese engineer Ryoichi Mori in 1983

</doc>
<doc id="18938227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938227" title="City of Basel Music Academy">
City of Basel Music Academy

The City of Basel Music Academy () is an institution for music education, located in Basel, Switzerland. It comprises a music school, college of music, and a center for early music research and performance. The Academy is affiliated with the University of Applied Sciences Northwest Switzerland.
History.
The origins of the City of Basel Music Academy go back to 8 December 1867, when philanthropist Johann Jakob Schäublin-Vögtlin founded a music school ("Allgemeine Musikschule") in Basel with support from the Gesellschaft für das Gute und Gemeinnützige (GGG). Selmar Bagge was the school's first director (1868-1896). The composer Hans Huber was director from 1896 to 1918, and in 1905 he oversaw the addition of a college of music ("Hochschule für Musik"), the first conservatory in German-speaking Switzerland. Conductor Hans Münch served as the school's director from 1935-1947. 
In 1954 the school incorporated the Schola Cantorum Basiliensis, one of the world's leading early music institutions. Together the three institutions formed the City of Basel Music Academy. 
In 1999 the Academy achieved the status of a university of applied sciences, or "Fachhochschule", and in October of that year the vocational department of the Basel Jazz School was incorporated into the Academy's college of music. 
In 2001 the Academy added a fourth institution, the Basic Course in Music ("Musikalischer Grundkurs"). 
In 2008 the Academy became an affiliate of the regional University of Applied Sciences Northwest Switzerland ("Fachhochschule Nordwestschweiz").

</doc>
<doc id="18938236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938236" title="ARCADE (architecture magazine)">
ARCADE (architecture magazine)

ARCADE is a quarterly magazine about architecture and design in the Northwestern United States. It is published by the Northwest Architectural League. The mission of "ARCADE" is to provide dialogue about design and the built environment.

</doc>
<doc id="18938240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938240" title="Petroc Baladrddellt">
Petroc Baladrddellt

Petroc "Baladrddellt " (also known as Pedrog, or Pedrogl "Paladrddellt") was a 7th-century King of Dumnonia (now the English West Country).
Monarch.
According to the Welsh pedigrees in the "Bonedd y Saint" or "Genealogies of the Saints", Petroc "Baladrddellt" ap Clemen was the son of Clemen (or Clement) ap Bledrig, his epithet meaning "Splintered Spear". It is thought he was born in "c." 600 and succeeded to the Dumnonian throne after his father in "c." 630, reigning at a time of continued West Saxon aggression which had also affected his father. His death may have occurred in "c." 652 when King Cenwalh of Wessex is said to have defeated the Britons at the battle of Bradford-on-Avon, taking large swathes of Dorset and Somerset. Other sources are unclear as to whether this battle was civil war between Cenwalh and his kinsman Cuthred, or against the Welsh or the Mercians or both.
Family.
King Petroc may have had two sons, Culmin (or Cwlfyn) and Progmael (or Brochwel). In the later case, Culmin is given as the son of Progmael and grandson of Petroc, as given in the Book of Baglan. If so, Prince Progmael appeared to have predeceased his father Clemen ap Bledric who died in "c."654, at Y Ferwig in Ceredigion, leaving the Dumnonian kingdom to Culmin.
In Welsh Literature.
In the late medieval Welsh list of triads, "Pedwar Marchog ar Hugain Llys Arthur" ("The 24 Knights of King Arthur's Court"), Petroc is given as one of the three "Marchawg Cyviawnbwyll" or 'Just Knights of Britain' in Arthur’s court as Pedrog Splintered-Spear, son of Clement Prince of Cornwall. With Blaes son of the Earl of Llychlyn, and Cadog son of Gwynlliw the Bearded, he was described as slaying whoever did wrong to the weak, no matter how strong they might be, and the three had themselves to preserve justice by every Law. Pedrog’s was by Law of arms. 
Petroc himself would have lived much later than King Arthur; however, his namesake St Petroc, with which he is often confused, was described as one of the seven survivors of the Battle of Camlann according to Evan Evans’ copy (Panton MS 13) of the 17th-century Peniarth 185 manuscript.
In his "Biographical Dictionary of Eminent Welshmen", Williams asserts that Petroc (Pedrogl "Paladrddellt") is better known as the English translation of the name Lancelot du Lac of Arthurian Legend.

</doc>
<doc id="18938241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938241" title="Düdəngə">
Düdəngə

Düdəngə (also, Dudangya and Dyudengya) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,927. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938244" title="Cəlilkənd">
Cəlilkənd

Cəlilkənd (also, Bash Norashen, Bash Nurashen, and Dzhalilkend) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,662. Under Russian rule, from 1870 through 1917, it was the administrative center of Sharur-Daralagozsky Uyezd. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938247" title="Mahmudkənd">
Mahmudkənd

Mahmudkənd (also, Makhmudkend) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,878. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938254" title="Axaməd">
Axaməd

Axaməd (also, Ağəməd, Ağəhməd, Agakhmed, and Akhmed) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 873. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938259" title="Maxta">
Maxta

Maxta (also, Makhta) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,425. The municipality consists of the villages of Maxta and Təzəkənd.

</doc>
<doc id="18938260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938260" title="David Byrne discography">
David Byrne discography

This page contains a comprehensive collection of information related to recordings by Scottish-American composer, musician, and producer David Byrne, former singer for Talking Heads.
Talking Heads.
Byrne appeared on every release by Talking Heads, including their studio albums:
And the live albums:
Solo career.
While recording with Talking Heads, Byrne started working on collaborations and albums with the band.
Soundtracks.
In addition to the scores and soundtracks that have been released as albums, Byrne has written music for several other productions:
Production.
Talking Heads produced or co-produced all their own music; in addition, Byrne has produced:
Other projects.
Byrne has released a handful of books - including "Arboretum" a collection of sketches of some of his favorite trees and "The New Sins" about sin in the 21st century. He has also made several public art installations, speaking engagements on art and technology, and PowerPoint presentations. In addition to a recording career as a solo artist, he also founded the record labels Luaka Bop and Todo Mundo.

</doc>
<doc id="18938261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938261" title="Ulya Norashen">
Ulya Norashen

Ulya Norashen (also, Ul’ya Norashen and Norashen-Uliya) is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18938263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938263" title="Havuş">
Havuş

Havuş (until 2003, Avuş, Aush, Avush, and Chavush) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 113. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938264" title="Dəmirçi, Nakhchivan">
Dəmirçi, Nakhchivan

Dəmirçi (also, Damirchi and Demirchi) is a village and the most populous municipality, except for the capital Şərur, in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 4,980. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938265" title="&quot;Weird Al&quot; Yankovic">
&quot;Weird Al&quot; Yankovic

Alfred Matthew "Weird Al" Yankovic ( ; born October 23, 1959) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, parodist, record producer, satirist, music video director, film producer, actor, and author. Yankovic is known for his humorous songs that make light of popular culture and often parody specific songs by contemporary musical acts. Since his first-aired comedy song in 1976, he has sold more than 12 million albums (as of 2007), recorded more than 150 parody and original songs, and has performed more than 1,000 live shows. His works have earned him three Grammy Awards and a further 11 nominations, four gold records, and six platinum records in the United States. Yankovic's first top ten "Billboard" album ("Straight Outta Lynwood") and single ("White & Nerdy") were both released in 2006, nearly three decades into his career.
Yankovic's success comes in part from his effective use of music video to further parody popular culture, the song's original artist, and the original music videos themselves, scene-for-scene in some cases. He directed later videos himself and went on to direct for other artists including Ben Folds, Hanson, The Black Crowes, and The Presidents of the United States of America. In addition to recording his albums, Yankovic wrote and starred in the film "UHF" and "The Weird Al Show". He has also made guest appearances on many television shows, in addition to starring in "Al TV" specials on MTV.
Early life.
Alfred was born in Downey, California, and raised in the nearby town of Lynwood. He is the only child of Nick Louis Yankovic (June 4, 1917 – April 9, 2004) and Mary Elizabeth Yankovic (née Vivalda; February 7, 1923 – April 9, 2004). His father was born in Kansas City, Kansas, of Yugoslavian descent, and began living in California after serving during World War II; he believed "the key to success" was "doing for a living whatever makes you happy" and often reminded his son of this philosophy. Nick Yankovic married Mary Elizabeth Vivalda in 1949. Mary, who was of Italian and English descent, and had come to California from Kentucky, gave birth to Alfred ten years later.
Al's first accordion lesson, which sparked his career in music, was on the day before his sixth birthday. A door-to-door salesman traveling through Lynwood offered the Yankovic parents a choice of accordion or guitar lessons at a local music school. Yankovic claims the reason his parents chose accordion over guitar was "They figured there should be at least one more accordion-playing Yankovic in the world", referring to Frankie Yankovic, to whom he is not related directly. Yankovic said that " parents chose the accordion because they were convinced it would revolutionize rock." He continued lessons at the school for three years before continuing to learn on his own. Yankovic's early accordion role models include Frankie Yankovic (no relation) and Myron Floren (the accordionist on "The Lawrence Welk Show").
In the 1970s, Yankovic was a big fan of Elton John and claims John's "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" album "was partly how I learned to play rock 'n roll on the accordion." As for his influences in comedic and parody music, Yankovic lists artists including Tom Lehrer, Stan Freberg, Spike Jones, Allan Sherman, Shel Silverstein and Frank Zappa "and all the other wonderfully sick and twisted artists that he was exposed to through the "Dr. Demento Radio Show"." Other sources of inspiration for his comedy come from "Mad" magazine, Monty Python, and the Zucker, Abrahams and Zucker parody movies.
Yankovic began kindergarten a year earlier than most children, and he skipped the second grade. "My classmates seemed to think I was some kind of rocket scientist so I was labeled a nerd early on", he recalls. As his unusual schooling left him two years younger than most of his classmates, Yankovic was not interested in sports or social events at school. He was valedictorian of his senior class. Yankovic was active in his school's extracurricular programs, including the National Forensic League, a play based upon "Rebel Without a Cause", the yearbook (for which he wrote most of the captions), and the Volcano Worshippers club, "which did absolutely nothing. We started the club just to get an extra picture of ourselves in the yearbook."
Yankovic attended California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo where he earned a degree in architecture.
Career.
Dr. Demento and early fame.
Yankovic received his first exposure via southern California and syndicated comedy radio personality Dr. Demento's radio show, saying "If there hadn't been a Dr. Demento, I'd probably have a real job now." In 1976, Dr. Demento spoke at Yankovic's school where the then 16-year-old Yankovic gave him a homemade tape of original and parody songs performed on the accordion in Yankovic's bedroom into a "cheesy little tape recorder". The tape's first song was "Belvedere Cruisin'", about his family's Plymouth Belvedere, was played on Demento's comedy radio show, launching Yankovic's career. Demento said, "'Belvedere Cruising' might not have been the very best song I ever heard, but it had some clever lines [...] I put the tape on the air immediately." Yankovic also played at local coffeehouses, saying:
During Yankovic's sophomore year as an architecture student at Cal Poly at San Luis Obispo, he became a disc jockey at the university's radio station, KCPR. Yankovic said he had been nicknamed "Weird Al" by fellow students and "took it on professionally" as his persona for the station. In 1978, he released his first recording (as Alfred Yankovic), "Take Me Down", on the LP, "Slo Grown", as a benefit for the Economic Opportunity Commission of San Luis Obispo County. The song mocked famous nearby landmarks such as Bubblegum Alley and the fountain toilets at the Madonna Inn.
In mid-1979, shortly before his senior year, "My Sharona" by The Knack was on the charts and Yankovic took his accordion into the restroom across the hall from the radio station (to take advantage of the echo chamber acoustics) and recorded a parody titled "My Bologna". He sent it to Dr. Demento, who played it to good response from listeners. Yankovic met The Knack after a show at his college and introduced himself as the author of "My Bologna". The Knack's lead singer, Doug Fieger, said he liked the song and suggested that Capitol Records vice president Rupert Perry release it as a single. "My Bologna" was released as a single with "School Cafeteria" as its B-side, and the label gave Yankovic a six-month recording contract. Yankovic, who was "only getting average grades" in his architecture degree, began to realize that he might make a career of comedic music.
On September 14, 1980, Yankovic was a guest on the "Dr. Demento Show", where he was to record a new parody live. The song was called "Another One Rides the Bus", a parody of Queen's hit, "Another One Bites the Dust". While practicing the song outside the sound booth, he met Jon "Bermuda" Schwartz, who told him he was a drummer and agreed to bang on Yankovic's accordion case to help Yankovic keep a steady beat during the song. They rehearsed the song just a few times before the show began. "Another One Rides the Bus" became so popular that Yankovic's first television appearance was a performance of the song on "The Tomorrow Show" (April 21, 1981) with Tom Snyder. On the show, Yankovic played his accordion, and again, Schwartz banged on the accordion case and provided comical sound effects.
Band and fame.
1981 brought Yankovic on tour for the first time as part of Dr. Demento's stage show. His stage act in a Phoenix, Arizona, nightclub caught the eye of manager Jay Levey, who was "blown away". Levey asked Yankovic if he had considered creating a full band and doing his music as a career. Yankovic admitted that he had, so Levey held auditions. Steve Jay became Yankovic's bass player, and Jay's friend Jim West played guitar. Schwartz continued on drums. Yankovic's first show with his new band was on March 31, 1982. Several days later, Yankovic and his band were the opening act for Missing Persons.
Yankovic recorded "I Love Rocky Road", (a parody of "I Love Rock 'n' Roll" as recorded by Joan Jett and The Blackhearts) which was produced by Rick Derringer, in 1982. The song was a hit on Top 40 radio, leading to Yankovic's signing with Scotti Brothers Records. In 1983, Yankovic's first self-titled album was released on Scotti Bros. The song Ricky was released as a single and the music video received exposure on the still-young MTV. Yankovic released his second album ""Weird Al" Yankovic in 3-D" in 1984. The first single "Eat It", a parody of the Michael Jackson song "Beat It", became popular, thanks in part to the music video, a shot-for-shot parody of Jackson's "Beat It" music video, and what Yankovic described as his "uncanny resemblance" to Jackson. Peaking at number 12 on the Billboard Hot 100 on April 14, 1984, "Eat It" remained Yankovic's highest-charting single until "White & Nerdy" placed at number 9 in October 2006.
In 1985, Yankovic co-wrote and starred in a mockumentary of his own life titled "The Compleat Al", which intertwined the facts of his life up to that point with fiction. The movie also featured some clips from Yankovic's trip to Japan and some clips from the "Al TV" specials. "The Compleat Al" was co-directed by Jay Levey, who would direct "UHF" four years later. Also released around the same time as "The Compleat Al" was "The Authorized Al", a biographical book based on the film. The book, resembling a scrapbook, included real and fictional humorous photographs and documents.
Yankovic and his band toured as the opening act for The Monkees in mid-1987 for their second reunion tour of North America. Yankovic claims to have enjoyed touring with The Monkees, even though "the promoter gypped us out of a bunch of money."
Yankovic also appeared on the Wendy Carlos recording of Prokofiev's "Peter and the Wolf" as the narrator in 1988. The album also included a sequel to Camille Saint-Saëns's composition "The Carnival of the Animals" titled "The Carnival of the Animals Part II", with Yankovic providing humorous poems for each of the featured creatures in the style of Ogden Nash, who had written humorous poems for the original.
Rubén Valtierra joined the band on keyboards in 1991, allowing Yankovic to concentrate more on singing and increasing his use of the stage space during concerts.
A factual biographical booklet of Yankovic's life, written by Dr. Demento, was released with the 1994 box set compilation "". The Dr. Demento Society, which issues yearly Christmas re-releases of material from Dr. Demento's Basement Tapes, often includes unreleased tracks from Yankovic's vaults, such as "Pacman", "It's Still Billy Joel To Me" or the live version of "School Cafeteria".
New look and career to present.
On January 24, 1998, Yankovic had LASIK eye surgery to correct his extreme myopia. When "Running with Scissors" debuted in 1999, he unveiled a radically changed look. In addition to shedding his glasses, he had shaved off his moustache and grown out his hair. He had previously shaved his mustache in 1983 for the video of "Ricky" to resemble Desi Arnaz, and 1996 for the "Amish Paradise" video. Yankovic reasoned, "If Madonna's allowed to reinvent herself every 15 minutes, I figure I should be good for a change at least once every 20 years." He parodied the reaction to this "new look" in a commercial for his nonexistent "MTV Unplugged" special. The commercial featured Yankovic in the short-haired wig from the music video for Hanson's "River", claiming his new look was an attempt to "get back to the core of what I'm all about", that being "the music".
Three of his latest albums feature the longest songs Yankovic has ever released. The "Albuquerque" track from "Running with Scissors" is 11 minutes and 23 seconds; "Genius in France" from "Poodle Hat" runs for 8 minutes and 56 seconds; "Trapped in the Drive-Thru" from "Straight Outta Lynwood" is 10 minutes and 53 seconds long. Before 2007 (apart from a one-off performance of "Albuquerque" in Albuquerque, New Mexico), these "epic" songs were not performed live in their entirety because of their length and complexity. "(See Live performances for details)"
Yankovic has also started to explore digital distribution of his songs. On October 7, 2008, Yankovic released to the iTunes Store "Whatever You Like", a parody of the T.I. song of the same title, which Yankovic said he had come up with two weeks before. Yankovic said that the benefit of digital distribution is that "I don't have to wait around while my songs get old and dated—I can get them out on the Internet almost immediately." In 2009, Yankovic released four more songs: "Craigslist" on June 16, "Skipper Dan" on July 14, "CNR" on August 4, and "Ringtone" on August 25. These five digitally released songs were packaged as a digital EP titled "Internet Leaks", with "Whatever You Like" retroactively included in the set.
In 2011, Yankovic completed his thirteenth studio album, titled "Alpocalypse", which was released on June 21, 2011. The album contains the five songs from the previous "Internet Leaks" digital download release, a polka medley called "Polka Face", a song called "TMZ" for which Bill Plympton created an animated music video, and five other new songs.
Yankovic had reported an interest in parodying Lady Gaga's material, and on April 20 announced that he had written and recorded a parody of "Born This Way" titled "Perform This Way", to be the lead single for his new album. However, upon first submitting it to Lady Gaga's manager for approval (which Yankovic does as a courtesy), he was not given permission to release it commercially. As he had previously done under similar circumstances (with his parody of James Blunt's "You're Beautiful"), Yankovic then released the song for free on the internet. Soon afterwards, Gaga's manager admitted that he had denied the parody of his own accord without forwarding the song to his client, and upon seeing it online, Lady Gaga granted permission for the parody. Yankovic has stated that all of his proceeds from the parody and its music video will be donated to the Human Rights Campaign, to support the human rights themes of the original song. Weird Al has confrmed in September 30 of 2013 that he will working on a new album soon. He does not know what new songs to parody yet.
Yankovic was also a judge for the 10th annual Independent Music Awards to support independent artists' careers.
Personal life.
Yankovic married Suzanne Krajewski in 2001; their daughter, Nina, was born in 2003. They also have a pet cockatiel named Bo Veaner and dog named Bambu. They used to have a pet poodle, named Bela (pictured atop Yankovic's head on the cover of his album, "Poodle Hat"). Yankovic identifies as Christian and has stated that a couple from his church appeared on the cover of "Poodle Hat".
Yankovic changed his diet to become a vegan in 1992, after a former girlfriend gave him the book "Diet for a New America" and he felt "it made [...] a very compelling argument for a strict vegetarian diet." When asked how he can "rationalize" performing at events such as the "Great American Rib Cook-Off" when he is a vegan, he replied, "The same way I can rationalize playing at a college even though I’m not a student anymore."
On April 9, 2004, Yankovic's parents were found dead in their Fallbrook, California, home, apparently the victims of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning from their fireplace that had been recently lit. The flue was closed, which trapped the carbon monoxide gas inside the house, suffocating them. Several hours after his wife notified him of his parents' death, Yankovic went on with his concert in Mankato, Minnesota, saying that "since my music had helped many of my fans through tough times, maybe it would work for me as well" and that it would "at least ... give me a break from sobbing all the time." Although Yankovic played the concert as planned, a scheduled meet and greet following the concert was canceled.
Music career.
While Yankovic's song parodies (such as "Eat It") have resulted in success on the Billboard charts ("see List of singles by "Weird Al" Yankovic"), he recorded an equally large number of original humorous songs ("You Don't Love Me Anymore" and "One More Minute"). His work depends largely on the satirizing of popular culture, including television ("see The TV Album"), movies ("The Saga Begins"), food ("see The Food Album"), popular music ("Bohemian Polka", "Polkarama"), and sometimes issues in contemporary news ("Headline News"). Yankovic claims he has no intention of writing "serious" music. In his reasoning, "There's enough people that do unfunny music. I'll leave the serious stuff to Paris Hilton and Kevin Federline."
Although many of Yankovic's songs are parodies of contemporary radio hits, it is rare that the song's primary topic lampoons the original artist as a person, or the song itself. Most Yankovic songs consist of the original song's music, with a separate, unrelated set of amusing lyrics. Yankovic considered that his first true satirical song was "Smells Like Nirvana", which references unintelligible lyrics in Nirvana's "Smells Like Teen Spirit". Other satirical songs include "Achy Breaky Song", which refers to the song "Achy Breaky Heart", "(This Song's Just) Six Words Long", which refers to the repetitious lyrics in "Got My Mind Set on You", the unreleased "It's Still Billy Joel to Me", and "Perform This Way", set to Lady Gaga's "Born This Way".
Yankovic's humor normally lies more in creating unexpected incongruity between an artist's image and the topic of the song, contrasting the style of the song with its content (such as the songs "Amish Paradise", "White & Nerdy", and "You're Pitiful"), or in pointing out trends or works which have become pop culture clichés (such as "eBay" and "Don't Download This Song").
Yankovic is the sole writer for all his songs and, for "legal and personal reasons", does not accept parody submissions or ideas from fans. There exists, however, one exception to this rule in the case of "Like a Surgeon". Madonna was reportedly talking with a friend and happened to wonder aloud when Yankovic was going to turn her "Like a Virgin" into "Like a Surgeon". Madonna's friend was a mutual friend of Yankovic's manager, Jay Levey, and eventually Yankovic himself heard the story from Levey.
Unlike other parody artists such as Allan Sherman, Yankovic strives to keep the backing music in his parodies the same as the original. While Sherman reproduced them orchestrally, Yankovic and his band essentially play the original song with new lyrics. Instead of using instrumental versions of the original songs, Yankovic and his band transcribe the original song by ear and re-record the song for Yankovic's parody version. Sometimes artists whose work Yankovic parodies perform on the recordings, e.g. Dire Straits members Mark Knopfler and Guy Fletcher perform on Yankovic's parody of Dire Straits' "Money for Nothing" and "Money for Nothing/Beverly Hillbillies*".
Yankovic also includes a medley of various songs on most albums, each one reinterpreted as a polka, with the choruses or memorable lines of various songs juxtaposed for humorous effect. Yankovic has been known to say that converting these songs to polka was "...the way God intended". Because the polkas have become a staple of Yankovic's albums, he has said he tries to include one on each album because "fans would be rioting in the streets, I think, if I didn't do a polka medley."
Some of Yankovic's original songs are "style parodies" for which he chooses a band's entire body of work to honor/parody, rather than any single hit by that band. Such bands include Rage Against the Machine with "I'll Sue Ya" (which features many aspects of the hit song "Killing in the Name"), Devo with "Dare to Be Stupid", Talking Heads with "Dog Eat Dog", Frank Zappa with "Genius in France", Nine Inch Nails with "Germs", and Queen with "Ringtone". Others are style parodies in the style of a genre of music, rather than a specific band (for example, country music with "Good Enough For Now" and charity records with "Don't Download This Song").
Yankovic has contributed original songs to several films ("This Is the Life" from "Johnny Dangerously"; "Polkamon" from the movie ', and a parody of the James Bond title sequence in "Spy Hard"), in addition to his own film, "UHF". Other songs of his have appeared in films or television series as well, such as "Dare to Be Stupid" in '.
One of Yankovic's recurring jokes involves the number 27. It is mentioned in the lyrics of several songs, and seen on the covers for "Running With Scissors", "Poodle Hat" and "Straight Outta Lynwood". He had originally just pulled the number 27 as a random figure to use in filling out lyrics, but as his fans started to notice the reuse of the number after the first few times, he began to purposely drop references to 27 within his lyrics, videos, and album covers. He explains that "It's just a number I started using that people started attaching a lot of importance to." Other recurring jokes revolve around the names Bob (the "Al TV" interviews often mention the name, and a song called "Bob" is featured on "Poodle Hat"), Frank (e.g. "Frank's 2000" TV"), and the surname "Finkelstein" (e.g. the music video for "I Lost on Jeopardy", or Fran Drescher's character, Pamela Finkelstein, in "UHF"). Also, a hamster called Harvey the Wonder Hamster is a recurring character in "The Weird Al Show" and the "Al TV" specials, as well as the subject of an original song on "Alapalooza". Other recurring jokes include Yankovic borrowing, or being owed, $5. In a number of "Al TV" interviews, he often asks if he can borrow $5, being turned down every time. This motif also occurs in "Why Does This Always Happen to Me?", in which his deceased friend owes him $5. Another recurring joke is his attraction to female nostrils or nostrils in general. This also appears in numerous "Al TV" interviews as well as in several of his songs ("Albuquerque" and "Wanna B Ur Lovr" to name a few.) Yankovic also asks his celebrity guests if they could "shave his back for a nickel." This also appears in the song "Albuquerque". Yankovic has also put two backmasking messages into his songs. The first, in "Nature Trail to Hell", said "Satan Eats Cheez Whiz"; the second, in "I Remember Larry", said "Wow, you must have an awful lot of free time on your hands."
Yankovic's career in novelty and comedy music has outlasted many of his "mainstream" parody targets, such as Toni Basil, MC Hammer, and Men Without Hats. Yankovic's continued success (including the top 10 single "White & Nerdy" and album "Straight Outta Lynwood" in 2006) has enabled him to escape the one-hit wonder stigma often associated with novelty music.
Music videos.
While Yankovic's musical parodies generally do not include references to the songs or the artists of the original songs, Yankovic's music videos will sometimes parody the original song's music video in whole or in part. Most notably, the video for "Smells Like Nirvana" uses an extremely similar set to Nirvana's "Smells Like Teen Spirit", including using several of the same actors. This video contended with "Smells like Teen Spirit" at the 1992 MTV Video Music Awards for Best Male Video. Other videos that draw directly from those of the original song include "Eat It", "Fat", "Money for Nothing/Beverly Hillbillies*", "Bedrock Anthem", "Headline News", "It's All About the Pentiums", "Amish Paradise", "Like a Surgeon", and "White & Nerdy". The video for "Dare to Be Stupid" is, as stated by Yankovic, a style parody in general of Devo videos.
Several videos have included appearances by notable celebrities in addition to Yankovic and his band. Dr. Demento appeared in several of Yankovic's earlier videos, such as "I Love Rocky Road" and "Ricky". Actor Dick Van Patten is featured in both "Smells Like Nirvana" and "Bedrock Anthem"; Drew Carey, Emo Philips and Phil LaMarr appeared in "It's All About the Pentiums"; Keegan-Michael Key, Jordan Peele, Donny Osmond, Judy Tenuta and Seth Green appeared in "White & Nerdy"; and Ruth Buzzi and Pat Boone appeared in "Gump". The video for "I Lost on Jeopardy" includes an appearance by Greg Kihn, the artist whose song, "Jeopardy", was being parodied, along with Don Pardo and Art Fleming, Jeopardy's original announcer and host, as themselves. Florence Henderson played Yankovic's Amish wife in "Amish Paradise".
While most videos that Yankovic creates are aired on music channels such as MTV and VH1, Yankovic worked with animation artists to create music videos for release with extended content albums. The DualDisc version of "Straight Outta Lynwood" features six videos set to songs from the release, including videos created by Bill Plympton and John Kricfalusi; one video, "Weasel Stomping Day" was created by the producers of the show "Robot Chicken", and aired as a segment of that program. In late , Yankovic again collaborated with Bill Plympton to create a video for the song "TMZ".
Reactions from original artists.
Under the "fair use" provision of U.S. copyright law, affirmed by the United States Supreme Court, artists such as Yankovic do not need permission to record a parody. However, as a personal rule and as a means of maintaining good relationships, Yankovic has always sought permission from the original artist before commercially releasing a parody. He claims that only about two to three percent of the artists he approaches for permission deny his requests, while many of the rest who approve consider Yankovic's parodies to be a badge of honor and rite of passage in the music industry.
Positive.
Michael Jackson was a big fan of Yankovic, and Yankovic claimed Jackson "had always been very supportive" of his work. Jackson twice allowed him to parody his songs ("Beat It" and "Bad" became "Eat It" and "Fat", respectively). When Jackson
granted Yankovic permission to do "Fat", Jackson allowed him to use the same set built for his own "Badder" video from the "Moonwalker" video. Though Jackson allowed "Eat It" and "Fat", he requested that Yankovic not record a parody of "Black or White", titled "Snack All Night", because he felt the message was too important. This refusal, coming shortly after the commercial failure of Yankovic's movie "UHF" in theaters, had initially set Yankovic back; he later recognized this as a critical time, as in searching for new parodies, he came across Nirvana and leading to a revitalization of his career with "Smells Like Nirvana". Yankovic has performed a concert-only parody "Snack All Night" in some of his live shows. Yankovic had a cameo appearance, along with many other celebrities, in Jackson's music video for "Liberian Girl".
Dave Grohl of Nirvana said that the band felt they had "made it" after Yankovic recorded "Smells Like Nirvana", a parody of the grunge band's smash hit, "Smells Like Teen Spirit". On his "Behind the Music" special, Yankovic stated that when he called Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain to ask if he could parody the song, Cobain gave him permission, then paused and asked, "Um... it's not gonna be about food, is it?" Yankovic responded with, "No, it'll be about how no one can understand your lyrics." According to members of Nirvana interviewed for "Behind the Music", when they saw the video of the song, they laughed hysterically. Additionally, Cobain described Yankovic as "a musical genius".
Mark Knopfler approved Yankovic's parody of the Dire Straits song "Money for Nothing" for use in the film "UHF" on the provision that Knopfler himself be allowed to play lead guitar on the parody which was later titled "Money for Nothing/Beverly Hillbillies*". Yankovic commented on the legal complications of the parody in the DVD audio commentary for "UHF", explaining "We had to name that song 'Money for Nothing 'slash' Beverly Hillbillies 'asterisk' because the lawyers told us that had to be the name. Those wacky lawyers! What ya gonna do?" The "" booklet referred to the song's "compound fracture of a title." When a fan asked about the song's title, Yankovic shared his feelings on the title, replying "That incredibly stupid name is what the lawyers insisted that the parody be listed as. I'm not sure why, and I've obviously never been very happy about it."
The Presidents of the United States of America were so pleased with "Gump", Yankovic's parody of their song "Lump", that they ended the song with his last line instead of their own ("And that's all I have to say about that") on the live recording of "Lump" featured on the compilation album "Pure Frosting". In 2008, Yankovic directed the music video for their song "Mixed Up S.O.B."
Don McLean was reportedly pleased with "The Saga Begins", a parody of "American Pie", and told Yankovic that the parody's lyrics sometimes enter his mind during live performances. His parody not only replicates the music from the original Don McLean song, but it replicates the multi-layered rhyming structure in the verses and chorus. Additionally, George Lucas loved the song and a Lucasfilm representative told Yankovic, "You should have seen the smile on his face."
Chamillionaire was also very pleased, even putting Yankovic's parody "White & Nerdy" (a parody of "Ridin'") on his official MySpace page before it was on Yankovic's own page. Chamillionaire stated in an interview, "He's actually rapping pretty good on it, it's crazy [...] I didn't know he could rap like that. It's really an honor when he does that. [...] Weird Al is not gonna do a parody of your song if you're not doing it big." In September 2007, Chamillionaire credited "White & Nerdy" for his recent Grammy win, stating "That parody was the reason I won the Grammy, because it made the record so big it was undeniable. It was so big overseas that people were telling me they had heard my version of Weird Al's song."
In 2011, Yankovic was initially denied permission to parody Lady Gaga's "Born This Way" for his song "Perform This Way" for release on a new album, but through his release of the song on YouTube and subsequent spread via Twitter, Lady Gaga and her staff asserted that her manager had made the decision without her input, and Gaga herself gave Yankovic permission to proceed with the parody's release. Gaga considered herself "a huge Weird Al fan", and she stated that the parody was a "rite of passage" for her musical career and considered the song "very empowering".
Negative.
One of Yankovic's most controversial parodies was 1996's "Amish Paradise", based on "Gangsta's Paradise" by hip-hop artist Coolio, which, in turn, was based on "Pastime Paradise" by Stevie Wonder. Reportedly, Coolio's label gave Yankovic the impression that Coolio had granted permission to record the parody, but Coolio maintains that he never did. While Coolio claimed he was upset, legal action never materialized, and Coolio accepted royalty payments for the song. After this controversy, Yankovic has always made sure to speak directly with the artist of every song he parodied. At the XM Satellite Radio booth at the 2006 Consumer Electronics Show Yankovic and Coolio made peace. On his website, Yankovic wrote of this event, ""I don’t remember what we said to each other exactly, but it was all very friendly. I doubt I’ll be invited to Coolio’s next birthday party, but at least I can stop wearing that bulletproof vest to the mall.""
In 2003, Yankovic was denied permission to make a video for "Couch Potato", his parody of Eminem's "Lose Yourself":
For the "Poodle Hat" "Al TV" special, Yankovic raised the question of artistic expression in a fake interview with Eminem. As Yankovic has always done for his "Al TV" specials, he edited the footage of a previous Eminem interview and inserted himself asking questions for comic effect.
Refused parodies.
On numerous occasions, Prince has refused Yankovic permission to record parodies of his songs. Yankovic has stated in interviews that he has "approached him every few years see if he's lightened up." Yankovic related one story where, before the American Music Awards where he and Prince were assigned to sit in the same row, he got a telegram from Prince's lawyers, demanding he not make eye contact with the artist.
Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page is a self-proclaimed Yankovic fan, but when Yankovic wished to create a polka medley of Led Zeppelin songs, Page refused. Yankovic was, however, allowed the very rare opportunity to re-record a sample of "Black Dog" for a segment of "Trapped in the Drive-Thru".
Paul McCartney, also a Yankovic fan, refused Yankovic permission to record a parody of Wings' "Live and Let Die", titled "Chicken Pot Pie", because McCartney is a vegetarian and found the parody to be improper.
In 2006, Yankovic gained James Blunt's permission to record a parody of "You're Beautiful". However, after Yankovic had recorded "You're Pitiful", Blunt's label, Atlantic Records, rescinded this permission, despite Blunt's personal approval of the song. The parody was pulled from Yankovic's "Straight Outta Lynwood" because of his label's unwillingness to "go to war" with Atlantic. Yankovic released the song as a free download on his MySpace profile, as well as his official website, and plays it in concert, since it was not Blunt himself objecting to the parody. Yankovic referenced the incident in his video for "White & Nerdy" when he depicts himself vandalizing Atlantic Records' Wikipedia page.
Live performances.
Yankovic often describes his live concert performances as "a rock and comedy multimedia extravaganza" with an audience that "ranges from toddlers to geriatrics." Apart from Yankovic and his band performing his classic and contemporary hits, staples of Yankovic's live performances include a medley of parodies, many costume changes between songs, and a video screen on which various clips are played during the costume changes. A concert from Yankovic's 1999 tour for the "Running with Scissors" album ("Touring with Scissors") was released on VHS in 1999 and on DVD in 2000. Titled ""Weird Al" Yankovic Live!", the concert was recorded at the Marin County Civic Center in San Rafael, California, on October 2, 1999. For legal reasons, video clips (apart from those for Yankovic's own music videos) could not be shown for the home release, and unreleased parodies were removed from the parody medley for the performance.
2003 saw Yankovic on tour overseas for the first time. Before 2003, Yankovic and his band had toured only the United States and parts of Canada. Following the success of "Poodle Hat" in Australia, Yankovic performed eleven shows in Australia's major capital cities and regional areas in October of that year. Yankovic returned to Australia and toured New Zealand for the first time in 2007 to support the "Straight Outta Lynwood" album. On September 8, 2007, Yankovic performed his 1,000th live show at Idaho Falls, Idaho.
Yankovic has invited members of the 501st Legion on stage during performances of his "Star Wars"-themed songs "Yoda" and "The Saga Begins", recruiting members of local garrisons (club chapters) while on tour. In appreciation, the 501st inducted Yankovic as a "Friend of the Legion", in September 2007.
He performed his first ever European mini-tour, including an appearance at the All Tomorrow's Parties music festival in Minehead, England in December 2010. Yankovic was picked to perform by the Canadian band Godspeed You! Black Emperor, who curated the festival's lineup. Yankovic played three other dates in the UK around his festival appearance before performing a single date in the Netherlands.
Other work.
"UHF".
In 1989, Yankovic starred in a full-length feature film, co-written by himself and manager Jay Levey, and filmed in Tulsa, Oklahoma called "UHF". A satire of the television and film industries, also starring Michael Richards, Fran Drescher, and Victoria Jackson, it brought floundering studio Orion their highest test scores since the movie "RoboCop". However, it was unsuccessful in theaters.
The film has since become a cult classic, with out-of-print copies of the VHS version selling for up to $100 on eBay until the release of the DVD in 2002. Yankovic occasionally shows clips from the film at his concerts (to which MGM, the film's current owner, initially objected in the form of a cease and desist letter). In an apparent attempt to make it more accessible to overseas audiences, where the term UHF is used less frequently to describe TV broadcasts, the film was titled "The Vidiot From UHF" in Australia and parts of Europe.
"UHF" shows the creation of Yankovic's signature food—the Twinkie Wiener Sandwich. The snack consists of an overturned Twinkie split open as a makeshift bun, a hot dog, and Easy Cheese put together and dipped in milk before eating. Yankovic has stated that he has switched to using tofu hot dogs since becoming a vegetarian, but still enjoys the occasional Twinkie Wiener Sandwich.
Notable television appearances.
Yankovic had a TV series called "The Weird Al Show", which aired from September 1997 to December 1997 on CBS. Though the show appeared to be geared at children, the humor was really more for his adult fans (as such, it is often compared to "Pee-wee's Playhouse"). The entire series was released on DVD by Shout! Factory on August 15, 2006.
Yankovic has hosted "Al TV" on MTV and "Al Music" on MuchMusic many times, generally coinciding with the release of each new album. For "Poodle Hat", "Al TV" appeared on VH1 for the first time. A recurring segment of "Al TV" involves Yankovic manipulating interviews for comic effect. He inserts himself into a previously conducted interview with a musician, and then manipulates his questions, resulting in bizarre and comic responses from the celebrity.
VH1 produced a "Behind the Music" episode on Yankovic. His two commercial failures (his film "UHF" and his 1986 album "Polka Party!") were presented as having a larger impact on the direction of his career than they really had. Also, Coolio's later disapproval of "Amish Paradise" was played up as a large feud. Much was also made over his apparent lack of a love life, though he got married shortly after the program aired. The episode was updated and re-released in early 2012 as part of the "Behind the Music Remastered" series.
Yankovic has done voice-overs for a number of animated series. He appeared in a 2003 episode of "The Simpsons", singing "The Ballad of Homer & Marge" (a parody of John Mellencamp's "Jack & Diane") with his band. The episode, "Three Gays of the Condo", in which Marge hires Yankovic to sing the aforementioned song to Homer in an attempt to reconcile their marriage, later won an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Animated Program (For Programming Less Than One Hour)". Yankovic also had a cameo in a 2008 episode, titled "That '90s Show", during which he records a parody of Homer's grunge hit "Shave Me" titled "Brain Freeze" (Homer's song, "Shave Me", was itself a parody of Nirvana's "Rape Me") making Yankovic one of only a handful of celebrities to appear twice on the show playing themselves. He appeared in the animated Adult Swim show "Robot Chicken", which provided him with a music video for the song "Weasel Stomping Day". Yankovic is the voice for Squid Hat on the Cartoon Network show, "The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy". He is also the announcer of the cartoon's eponymous video game adaptation. Yankovic had a guest appearance voicing Wreck-Gar, a waste collection vehicle Transformer in the ' cartoon series; previously, Yankovic's "Dare to Be Stupid" song was featured in the 1986 animated film ', during the sequence in which the Wreck-Gar character was first introduced; as such, the song is referenced in the episode. He also plays local TV talent show host Uncle Muscles on several episodes of "Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!" along with other appearances on the show. Weird Al has also supplied the voice of one-shot character 'Petroleum Joe' on "The Brak Show". He also voiced himself on a "Back at the Barnyard" episode, and he appeared as a ringmaster who helps the regular characters of "Yo Gabba Gabba!" organize a circus in a 2007 episode of the children's show. In 2012, Al was extensively featured in the sixth season episode of "30 Rock" called "Kidnapped by Danger", where Jenna tries to come up with a "Weird Al-proof" song, as well as appearing on two episodes of "The Aquabats! Super Show!", playing two different characters as the superhero SuperMagic PowerMan and as the President of the United States. In 2014, he appeared in the "" episode "Pinkie Pride" as Cheese Sandwich, a rival party planner to .
A brief list of television shows on which Yankovic has appeared is available on his official website.
Directing career.
"Weird Al" Yankovic has directed many of his own music videos; he has directed all of his music videos from 1993’s "Bedrock Anthem" to 2006’s "White & Nerdy". He also directed the end sequence of 1986’s "Christmas at Ground Zero" (an original piece juxtaposing Christmas with nuclear warfare) from his "Polka Party!" album and the title sequence to "Spy Hard", for which he sang the title song. Yankovic wrote, directed and starred in the short 3-D movie attraction "Al's Brain: A 3-D Journey Through The Human Brain", a $2.5 million project which was sponsored by and premiered at the Orange County Fair in Costa Mesa, California, in 2009. The project included a brief cameo by Sir Paul McCartney, which Yankovic directed during McCartney's appearance at the 2009 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival. Fair CEO Steve Beazley, who supported the project, considered the project a success and explored leasing the exhibit to other fairs; the second appearance of the exhibit was at the 2009 Puyallup Fair in Washington.
He has also directed several videos for other artists, including Hanson (the "Titanic" sequences in "River"), The Black Crowes ("Only a Fool"), Ben Folds ("Rockin' the Suburbs"), Jeff Foxworthy ("Redneck Stomp" and "Party All Night"), Blues Explosion ("Wail"), and The Presidents of the United States of America ("Mixed Up S.O.B"). He has cameo appearances in his videos for Blues Explosion, Hanson (as the interviewer), and Ben Folds (as the producer fixing Folds' "shitty tracks").
Canceled Cartoon Network feature film.
On January 25, 2010, Yankovic announced that he had signed a production deal with Warner Bros. to write and direct a live-action feature film. Although Yankovic previously wrote the script for "UHF", this was to be the first movie Yankovic directed. Yankovic stated that he would not be starring in the movie, as Cartoon Network wanted a younger protagonist. During an interview on "Comedy Death-Ray Radio", Yankovic revealed that though Cartoon Network "loved" his script, the network decided that they were no longer intending to produce feature films. Yankovic initially stated that he would instead shop the script around to other potential studios, but in 2013 revealed that the project had been scrapped as "it was really geared for Cartoon Network" and that he had "cannibalized jokes from that script to use for other projects."
Writing.
Yankovic wrote "When I Grow Up" (ISBN 978-0-06-192691-4), a children's book released on February 1, 2011 and published by HarperCollins. The book features 8-year-old Billy presenting to his class the wide variety of imaginative career possibilities that he is considering. Yankovic stated that the idea for the book was based on his own "circuitous" career path. The book allows Yankovic to apply the humorous writing style found in his music in another medium, allowing him to use puns and rhymes. Yankovic worked with Harper Collins' editor Anne Hoppe—the first time that Yankovic has had an editor—and found her help to be a positive experience. The book is illustrated by Wes Hargis, who, according to Yankovic, has a "a childlike quality and a very fun quality and a very imaginative quality" that matched well with Yankovic's writing. The book reached the No. 4 position on "The New York Times" Best Seller list for Children's Picture Books for the week of February 20, 2011.
Yankovic also wrote a sequel to "When I Grow Up", 2013's "My New Teacher and Me!" (ISBN 978-0-06-219203-5).
Web media.
In 2008, Weird Al joined Michael J. Nelson as a guest on the RiffTrax treatment of "Jurassic Park".
On November 10, 2009, Weird Al was a guest "internet scientist" on Rocketboom's "Know Your Meme" video series, in the installment on the topic of Auto-Tune, hosted by Jamie Wilkinson.
Eric Appel produced a Funny or Die movie trailer for "Weird: The Al Yankovic Story", a fictional biographical film that parodies other films based on musicians; Yankovic (played by Aaron Paul) is seen hiding his "weirdness" from his parents (Gary Cole and Mary Steenburgen), making it big using song parodies with the help of Dr. Demento (Patton Oswalt), falling in and out of love with Madonna (Olivia Wilde), and fading into alcoholism and being arrested, at which point his father finally admits he is "weird" as well. Yankovic himself plays a music producer in the short.
For "The Nerdist Podcast", Weird Al began hosting a new comedic celebrity interview web series, "Face to Face with 'Weird Al' Yankovic", on April 3, 2012. The series features "Al TV"-esque fake interviews with movie stars.
Al has appeared on numerous other webshows, including "CollegeHumor Originals", "LearningTown", "Some Jerk with a Camera", and "Team Unicorn".
Other media.
Yankovic competed on a week of "Wheel of Fortune" taped at Disney's Hollywood Studios in March 1994. He also competed on "Rock & Roll Jeopardy!"
Weird Al joined the band Hanson in their music video for "Thinking 'bout Somethin'" in which he plays the tambourine.
Yankovic contributes backing vocals for the song "Time" on Ben Folds' album "Songs for Silverman".
Yankovic also appeared in "Halloween II" as himself on a news channel.
Yankovic was also one of many celebrities who took part in the NOH8 Campaign against Proposition 8, which banned same-sex marriage in California.
Yankovic was approached by a beer company to endorse their product. Yankovic had turned it down because he believed that "a lot of my fans were young and impressionable." Yankovic later posted on his Twitter account that he never regretted the decision.
In 2009, Yankovic was a special guest on an episode of G4's "Web Soup" where he came as Mark Gormley at first.
In 2011, Yankovic guest starred as the character "Banana Man" in an episode of "Adventure Time". The same year, he appeared as himself in the "How I Met Your Mother" episode "Noretta".
In 2012, he appeared as himself along with Alice Cooper, Bret Michaels, and Maria Menounos in "The High Fructose Adventures of Annoying Orange" for the Christmas special, and sung with Alice, Bret, and Orange.
Misattribution and imitators.
Songs posted to file sharing networks are often misattributed to him because of their humorous subject matter. Often, his surname is misspelled (and thus mispronounced) as "Yankovich", among other variations. Much to the disdain of Yankovic, these misattributed files include songs that are racist, sexually explicit, or otherwise offensive. A young listener who had heard several of these offensive tracks by way of a file sharing service confronted Yankovic online, threatening a boycott because of his supposedly explicit lyrics. Quite a few of the songs, such as "Star Wars Cantina" by Richard Cheese, "Star Wars Gangsta Rap", "Yoda Smokes Weed", "Chewbacca", "The Devil Went To Jamaica", and several more have a "Star Wars" motif. Some songs misattributed to him are not songs, but spoken skits, such as "Sesame Street on crack", which is also widely misattributed to Adam Sandler. A list of songs frequently misattributed to Yankovic can be found at The Not Al Page and a list of all commercially released songs recorded by Yankovic can be found on his website.
Yankovic cites these misattributions as "his only real beef with peer-to-peer file sharing sites":
In an episode of HBO's "Mr. Show with Bob and David" called "Rudy Will Await Your Foundation", Bob Odenkirk plays a character called Daffy "Mal" Yinkleyankle, a parody of Weird Al. Al, who claims it was the only genuine parody act on himself he has ever seen, told Odenkirk in an email that he was "flattered, in a weird way" and "found it very funny".
Fan-driven campaigns.
The Weird Al Star Fund is a campaign started by Yankovic's fans to get him a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Their mission is to "solicit, collect, and raise the necessary money, and to compile the information needed for the application to nominate "Weird Al" Yankovic for a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame." Fans worldwide have sent donations to raise the US$15,000 needed for a nomination. In addition to the preferred method of cash donations, many methods were used to raise money for the cause, such as a live benefit show held April 11, 2006, and selling merchandise on the official website and eBay, including T-shirts, calendars, and cookbooks. On May 26, 2006, the campaign hit the then-$15,000 target, just five days before the May 31 deadline to submit the necessary paperwork. However, Yankovic was not included on the list of inductees for 2007. On February 9, 2007, the Hollywood Chamber Of Commerce raised the price to sponsor a new star to $25,000 and as such the Fund is accepting donations again. Yankovic's application was resubmitted for consideration in 2007, but he was not included among 2008's inductees.
Similar to the Weird Al Star Fund, a second fan-driven campaign called "Make the Rock Hall 'Weird'" has tried to enshrine him into Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland, Ohio, for which he has been eligible since 2004. Previous attempts to raise awareness for the campaign and support Yankovic's nomination included a petition drive from 2006 to 2007, which raised over 9000 signatures; an art competition in 2005; additionally, a documentary film about the campaign is currently being developed. In addition to these efforts, an ongoing campaign is underway in which supporters of Yankovic's nomination are requested to send "sincere, thoughtful" letters to the Rock Hall Foundation's headquarters in New York. The Hall has not considered Yankovic for nomination since the campaign started in 2004. A 2009 "Rolling Stone" poll named Weird Al as the top artist that should be nominated for the Hall of Fame, followed by Rush and The Moody Blues in the top ten."
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18938266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938266" title="Aşağı Yayci">
Aşağı Yayci

Aşağı Yayci (also, Aşağı Yəyci, Ashagy Yaydzhi, and Ashagy-Yaydzhy) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,453.

</doc>
<doc id="18938269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938269" title="Yuxarı Yayci">
Yuxarı Yayci

Yuxarı Yayci (also, Yuxarı Yaycı, Yuxarı Yəyci, Yaydzhi, and Yukhary-Yaydzhi) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 906.
References.
YUXARI YAYCI ŞERUR RAYONUNUN BIR KENDIDIR ERMENISTANLA SERHED QONŞUDUR.

</doc>
<doc id="18938271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938271" title="Daniel J. Piette">
Daniel J. Piette

Daniel J. Piette (born July 6, 1957) is an American businessperson.
Graduated from the University of Wisconsin, Madison List of University of Wisconsin-Madison people in 1980. From 1980 to 1982 he worked for Exxon as a mining engineer. He then became Customer Support Manager in David P. Cook and Associates from 1982 to 1986 and Vice President, Geosciences for Terra-Mar Resource Information Services from 1986 to 1989. He was then Vice President and General Manager for Landmark Graphics Corporation in the USA, Venezuela, and Singapore from 1989 to 1996, and later became Chief Executive Officer of Bell Geospace. He was CEO of OpenSpirit Corporation in Houston, TX from 2003 to 2011 and orchestrated the sale of the company to TIBCO Software. He is currently the President and CEO of Object Reservoir in Houston, Texas.
Piette is a member of the board of directors at Petroleum Geo-Services.

</doc>
<doc id="18938274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938274" title="Gümüşlü, Sharur">
Gümüşlü, Sharur

Gümüşlü (also, Gyumyushlu) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 472. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938276" title="Honda Torneo">
Honda Torneo

The Honda Torneo is a sedan introduced by Honda in 1997 exclusively for the Japanese domestic market, derived from the Honda Accord. While the Accord was sold exclusively at "Honda Clio" dealerships, the Torneo was available at the other two Honda networks, "Honda Verno" and "Honda Primo" as the successor to the Honda Ascot and Honda Rafaga, respectively.
The introduction of the Torneo continued the original approach Honda used in 1982 with the introduction of the Honda Vigor in offering a unique variant of the Accord for each of the three dealership Honda sales channels with the sportier Torneo utilizing a different front grille, headlights and tail lights, and exclusive trim packages and color choices.
With the release of the seventh-generation Accord in 2002, the Torneo nameplate was discontinued. However, the seventh-generation Accord assimilated much of the sportier character of the Torneo, making it effectively the successor of the Torneo as well as the previous generation Accord.
Trim levels and engines.
The Torneo was available with HID headlights, which were uncommon at the time. Four engines were available, all equipped with Honda's VTEC technology. A few sport packages were available, including the "Euro R", the "SiR-T", and the "SiR Euro".
The Euro R included an H22A engine rated at , 5-speed manual transmission, Recaro seats, leather-wrapped MOMO steering wheel, helical-torsen LSD, sports suspension, sports exhaust (including 4-2-1 stainless headers) and an aluminum-alloy gear shift knob. It was also fitted with a unique factory body kit that included flares and was available in some colors not available to lower trim package Accords (such as Milano Red). The Accord and the Torneo are the same car, aside from minor cosmetic differences in the exterior. All trim levels were installed with Honda's internet-based navigation system called Internavi.
SiR-T (CF4, 1997–2000).
The SiR-T model included a 2.0L F20B engine rated (Only 750 Produced) at 7200 rpm ( automatic) and at 6800 rpm, 11.0.1 compression, 85 mm X 88 mm (Bore and Stroke) 7800 rpm redline. The H-series DOHC VTEC engines were limited to 7800 rpms. The F20B had a unique blue valve cover and like all the larger displacement Honda engines, the F20B was mounted with a tilt towards the driver. F20B engines could rev at higher rpms than H22As because it had a shorter stroke. The F20B had an 85 mm x 88 mm bore and stroke when compared to an H22A which had an 87 mm x 90.7 mm bore and stroke. The F20B was also classified as a low emissions engine.
SiR (CF4, 1997–2002).
The Accord SiR was based on the SiR-T, but used the S-Matic automatic transmission with sequential manual shift mode. The engine was rated at but with better midrange characteristics.
Moving the gear-stick over to the right allowed manual selection of 1st, 2nd, 3rd, or 4th gear using up and down shift actions. The manumatic feature would hold the gear up to the rev limiter as a manual transmission would.
Demise.
As sales of the Accord proved more popular than the Torneo, plus the economic effects of the Japanese asset price bubble or "bubble economy", the Torneo was discontinued in 2002, along with the dissolvement of Honda's three dealership networks "Verno, Primo", and "Clio" three years later. The succeeding Accord also effectively assimilated the sportier character of the Torneo into one car.

</doc>
<doc id="18938277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938277" title="Şahbulaq">
Şahbulaq

Şahbulaq (until 2003, Cağazur, Dzhagadzur, Dzhagazur, and Dzhagazyr) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 551.

</doc>
<doc id="18938283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938283" title="Danzik">
Danzik

Danzik (also, Ashaga-Danzik, Yukhari-Danzik, and Yukhary Danzik) is a former village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18938284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938284" title="Empylus">
Empylus

Empylus (1st century BC) was an Ancient Roman rhetorician. He was the companion, as we are told by Plutarch, of Brutus, to whom he dedicated a short essay, not destitute of merit, on the death of Caesar. It is not stated to what country he belonged. 
"Empylus the Rhodian" is mentioned in a passage of Quintilian, where the text is very doubtful, as an orator referred to by Cicero, but no such name occurs in any extant work of the latter.

</doc>
<doc id="18938303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938303" title="Günnüt">
Günnüt

Günnüt (also, Gyunnyut and Gyunut-Dzhafarlu) is a village in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18938310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938310" title="Diyadin, Azerbaijan">
Diyadin, Azerbaijan

Diyadin (also, Diadin) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 332. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938315" title="Babəki">
Babəki

Babəki (also, Babaki) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 110. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938332" title="Brett Wallace">
Brett Wallace

Brett Alexander Wallace (born August 26, 1986) is an American professional baseball first baseman with the Houston Astros.
High school.
A 2005 graduate of Justin-Siena High School in Napa, California, Wallace earned four varsity baseball letters for head coach Allen Rossi. He helped lead Justin-Siena to a 97–9 record during his prep career, including a perfect 27–0 senior season. He broke nine school records during his prep career and holds single-season school records for walks, runs, hits, RBI, home runs and slugging percentage. Among his numerous accolades, Wallace was named a Collegiate Baseball/Louisville Slugger All-American and 2005 first-team All-State (CalHiSports.com) and 2005 California Small Schools Player of the Year. He was also a four-time All-Marin County Athletic League selection, 2004 and 2005 All-Napa County Offensive Player of the Year.
College career.
Wallace is a two-time Pac-10 Player of the Year (2007 & 2008) and a two-time Triple Crown Winner at Arizona State University. He was the 12th Sun Devil to win the Pac-10 Player of the Year award, and the first since Dustin Pedroia shared the award in 2003. 
Wallace played 3B for the Sun Devils, teaming with now New York Mets first baseman Ike Davis at 1B and now Cleveland Indians second baseman Jason Kipnis in center field. The 2008 ASU squad also featured Cincinnati Reds pitcher Mike Leake and San Diego Padres pitcher Josh Spence.
Professional career.
Wallace was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays in the 42nd round of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft, but did not sign with the team. After his collegiate career, the St. Louis Cardinals drafted Wallace in the first round (13th overall) of the 2008 amateur draft from Arizona State University. After his performance in Single-A Quad Cities, Wallace skipped High-A Palm Beach and was promoted to AA Springfield. He began 2009 playing for Springfield before being promoted to AAA Memphis.
On July 24, 2009, Wallace was traded to the Oakland Athletics as part of a package for outfielder Matt Holliday.
On December 15, 2009, Wallace was dealt to the Toronto Blue Jays for Michael Taylor, who had just been obtained by the Blue Jays from the Philadelphia Phillies as a part of a trade for Roy Halladay.
On July 29, 2010, he was traded again, this time to the Houston Astros, in exchange for minor league outfielder Anthony Gose, who had just been obtained by the Astros from the Philadelphia Phillies as a part of a trade for Roy Oswalt. Wallace was sent to the AAA affiliate, the Round Rock Express, for one day and did not appear in a game before being called up by the Astros on July 31, 2010 after Lance Berkman was traded to the New York Yankees.
Wallace made his Major League debut against the Milwaukee Brewers on July 31, 2010, and went 0–4. The next day, he got his first career hit, a single, off of Brewers' pitcher Randy Wolf.
On September 7, 2010, Wallace hit his first career home run off of Cubs pitcher Carlos Silva, tying the game.
On August 1, 2011, Wallace was sent back to the AAA Oklahoma City RedHawks club.
Wallace started the 2012 season with the Triple-A Oklahoma City RedHawks club. Wallace was recalled by the Astros on June 3 when Carlos Lee was placed on the disabled list. Wallace was returned to Oklahoma City on June 17 when Lee was activated from the disabled list. Wallace was recalled again on July 30 when Brian Bixler was optioned to Oklahoma City.
Wallace started the 2013 season with Astros. However, due to a slow start in which he batted .042 in 17 games, he was optioned to triple A Oklahoma City on April 18. On June 25, he was called back up to start against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Prior to the 2014 season, the Astros designated Wallace for assignment.

</doc>
<doc id="18938349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938349" title="Çəmənli, Nakhchivan">
Çəmənli, Nakhchivan

Çəmənli (until 2003, Keştaz and Keshtaz) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 875. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938360" title="Çərçiboğan">
Çərçiboğan

Çərçiboğan (also, Charchibogan) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,200. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938364" title="Kərimbəyli, Sharur">
Kərimbəyli, Sharur

Kərimbəyli (also, Kerimbeyli) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,697. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938366" title="Qaraburc">
Qaraburc

Qaraburc (also, Karaburdzh) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 444. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938370" title="Kotam">
Kotam

Kotam (also, Ketam) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 390. The town was renamed in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18938371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938371" title="Choi Young-jin">
Choi Young-jin

Choi Young-jin (Hangul: 최영진, "Choe Yeongjin"; born 29 March 1948) is the former Special Representative of the United Nations Secretary-General for Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI). He was appointed to the position by United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in October 2007, as successor of Pierre Schori from Sweden. He has been succeeded by Bert Koenders from the Netherlands in August 2011.
Early life and education.
Choi Young-jin was born on 29 March 1948 in Seoul, South Korea. He obtained his master’s and doctorate degrees in international relations from the University of Paris I (Panthéon-Sorbonne), respectively, in 1980 and 1985 and his bachelor’s degree with distinction from the Department of International Relations, Yonsei University in 1973. Prior to these studies, Choi had studied medicine at the Severance Medical College in Korea for four years.
Career.
A career diplomat, before being appointed Special representative of the Secretary-General for Côte d'Ivoire, Choi has served in various capacities in the foreign service of the Republic of Korea. From 2005 to 2007, he was the Permanent Representative of the Republic of Korea to the United Nations. In 2004, he was the Vice Minister for Foreign Affairs and Trade. In 2003, he served as Chancellor of Institute of Foreign Affairs and National Security (IFANS). Previously, he was Ambassador to Austria and Slovenia, and Permanent Representative to all international organizations in Vienna, Austria. Between 2000 and 2001, he served as Deputy Minister for Policy Planning and International Organizations, in charge of foreign policy planning, North Korean affairs, the United Nations system, disarmament and non-proliferation, and democracy and human rights.
From 1998 to 1999, Choi was Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations at the United Nations, responsible for overseeing planning and support for 17 peacekeeping operations, including those in Kosovo, Timor-Leste, Sierra Leone and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
From 1995 to 1997, Choi was Deputy Executive Director, Korean Peninsula Energy Development Organization (KEDO) in New York City. In this capacity, he oversaw a $5 billion project to construct two light-water nuclear reactors (LWR) in North Korea. He led negotiations within KEDO and with the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) to carry out the LWR project, visiting North Korea six times. In addition, he served on several other duties at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including as Director-General of the International Economic Affairs Bureau from 1994 to 1995, as First Senior Coordinator in the Ministry’s Office of Policy Planning from 1991 to 1993, and as an Economic Counselor at the Korean Embassy in Washington, D.C., from 1988 to 1990.
In 2007, he was a resident diplomat scholar at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Tufts University, Boston, Massachusetts.
Côte d'Ivoire.
In his capacity as Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Côte d'Ivoire, Choi was mandated by the United Nations Security Council (resolution 1765 of 16 July 2007) to certify the Ivorian presidential elections, which took place on 31 October 2010 (first round) and 28 November 2010 (second round). His certification was the first ever in Africa and widely recognized as having been instrumental in dissipating the confusion regarding the results of the presidential elections.
During the ensuing post-electoral crisis that lasted about four months from early December 2010 to early April 2011, Choi led the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI) under trying circumstances as the outgoing president, Laurent Gbagbo, laid a siege to UNOCI Headquarters in Abidjan, after having requested UNOCI to leave the country. UNOCI undertook military operations using Mi-24 armed helicopters to prevent Gbagbo’s forces from using heavy weapons against the civilian population, in conformity with United Nations Security Council Resolution 1975 (2011). These air-strikes were the first ever in the history of United Nations Peacekeeping and were also considered as pivotal in bringing about the dénouement of the Ivorian post-electoral crisis several days later.

</doc>
<doc id="18938375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938375" title="Ağrı, Azerbaijan">
Ağrı, Azerbaijan

Ağrı (also, Agry) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 290. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938377" title="Çapayevka">
Çapayevka

Çapayevka (also, Chapayevka) is a village in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Vənənd.

</doc>
<doc id="18938378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938378" title="1955–56 MJHL season">
1955–56 MJHL season

League Notes.
MJHL announced that each team will play six interlocking games against teams in the TBJHL as part of the regular season.
Playoffs.
Turnbull Cup Championship
Western Memorial Cup Semi-Final

</doc>
<doc id="18938383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938383" title="Kələntər Dizə">
Kələntər Dizə

Kələntər Dizə (also, Kalantardiza) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 236. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938387" title="Dizə, Ordubad">
Dizə, Ordubad

Dizə (also, Diza) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 339. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938388" title="Başkənd, Nakhchivan">
Başkənd, Nakhchivan

Başkənd (until 2003, Disar and Disər) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 414. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938391" title="Nigide">
Nigide

Nigide is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18938392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938392" title="Karudzhikh">
Karudzhikh

Karudzhikh is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18938393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938393" title="Karl Júlíusson">
Karl Júlíusson

Karl Júlíusson (also known as Kalle Juliusson, Kalli Juliusson, Karl K. Juliusson and Karl Juliusson) is an award-winning Icelandic-born film production and costume designer who resides in Norway.
Júlíusson is best known for his production designs for filmmaker Lars Von Trier ("Breaking the Waves" and "Dancer in the Dark") and director Kathryn Bigelow ("The Hurt Locker", "", and "The Weight of Water"), both of whom he frequently collaborates with.
Júlíusson is the winner of the 2008 Norwegian Amanda award for his art direction on "The Kautokeino Rebellion" which was directed by Nils Gaup, and which was the most successful domestic film in Norway in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18938398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938398" title="Yuxarı Leninabad">
Yuxarı Leninabad

Yukhary Leninabad is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18938399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938399" title="Enalus">
Enalus

Enalus or Enalos was a man from Lesbos in ancient Greek mythology.
The Penthelides, the first settlers in Lesbos, had received an oracle from Amphitrite commanding them to sacrifice a bull to Poseidon and a virgin to Amphitrite and the Nereides, as soon as they should, on their journey to Lesbos, come to the rock Mesogeion. The leaders of the colonists accordingly caused their daughters to draw lots, the result of which was, that the daughter of Smintheus or Phineus was to be sacrificed. 
When she was on the point of being thrown into the sea, her lover, Enalus, embraced her, and leaped with her into the deep. But both were saved by dolphins. Once the sea all around Lesbos rose in such high billows, that no one ventured to approach it; Enalus alone had the courage to do so, and when he returned from the sea, he was followed by polypi, the greatest of which was carrying a stone, which Enalus took from it, and dedicated in a temple.

</doc>
<doc id="18938404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938404" title="Ross LaManna">
Ross LaManna

Ross LaManna is an American screenwriter and author. He is best known for creating the "Rush Hour" series starring Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker. 
His first novel, "Acid Test", was published in the U.S. and Canada by Ballantine Books. The geopolitical thriller was chosen as an Amazon.com "Penzler Pick" and as The Mysterious Bookshop's selection for “Best First Fiction”. It was published in several foreign territories and as an audiobook. 
He attended the University of Southern California in Los Angeles, graduating "cum laude" with a Bachelor of Arts in screenwriting, and also holds a Master of Arts from Arizona State University in dramatic writing.
He began in the entertainment industry working on international legal affairs at the independent studio Embassy Pictures. Columbia Pictures purchased a speculative script he had written while at Embassy, and soon thereafter he was hired by United Artists under a two-picture writing deal. Carolco Pictures later hired him under a unique, two-year "in-house screenwriter" arrangement, where he worked on a number of their projects. He has written original screenplays, adaptations or rewrites for Fox, Disney, Paramount, Columbia, Universal, HBO Films and many independent companies. 
As of June, 2013, he is Chairman of the Undergraduate and Graduate Film Departments at the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California, and also on the Board of Directors for the United States Air Force Entertainment Liaison Office. At Art Center, he brought in a number of notable filmmakers as part-time instructors, including the cinematographer Affonso Beato, ASC, the storyboard artist Tim Burgard, the director/producer Jeremiah Chechik, the cinematographer Allen Daviau, ASC, the screenwriter Doug Eboch, the director David Kellogg, the composer Dennis McCarthy, the title designer Dan Perri, the director/producer Richard Pearce, the entertainment attorney Lee Rosenbaum, the writer/director Bobby Roth, the director/actor Mark Rydell, the producer/director John Suits, the director Ron Underwood and the editor Billy Weber. 
References.
Art Center College of Design, Undergraduate Film Department - Staff and Faculty Biographical Data

</doc>
<doc id="18938410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938410" title="Unus, Azerbaijan">
Unus, Azerbaijan

Unus is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 733.

</doc>
<doc id="18938412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938412" title="Richard Marx">
Richard Marx

Richard Noel Marx (born September 16, 1963) is an American adult contemporary and pop/rock singer, songwriter, musician and record producer. He had a stream of hit singles in the late 1980s and 1990s, including "Endless Summer Nights", "Right Here Waiting", "Now and Forever", and "Hazard". Although some of his major hit songs were ballads, many of his songs had a classic rock style, such as "Don't Mean Nothing", "Should've Known Better", "Satisfied", and "Too Late To Say Goodbye". 
Marx placed himself in the record books by being the first solo artist to have his first seven singles hit the Top 5 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart (3, 3, 2, 1, 1, 1, 4). His record sales worldwide exceed 30 million. Aside from songs that he's written and recorded for himself, he has written, co-written, and produced successful tracks for other artists such as "This I Promise You" by NSYNC and "Dance With My Father" by Luther Vandross. The latter song won several Grammy Awards. His 14th and latest chart topper, "Long Hot Summer," performed by Keith Urban, gave Marx the distinction of having a song he wrote or co-wrote top the charts in four different decades.
Early life.
Marx was born in Chicago, Illinois. He is the only child of Ruth (née Guildoo), a former singer, and Richard H. "Dick" Marx, a jazz musician and founder of a successful jingle company in the early 1960s. He has three half-siblings from his father's previous marriage.
Early career.
Marx began his career in music at the age of 5, singing commercial jingles written by his father, Dick Marx's list of advertising hits includes Arm & Hammer, Ken-L Ration and Nestlé Crunch.
Marx was 17 and living in Highland Park, Illinois when a tape of his songs ended up in the hands of Lionel Richie. Richie said he thought Marx had the talent to make it big, saying "I can't promise you anything, but you should come to L.A." After graduating from North Shore Country Day School, Marx moved to Los Angeles and visited Richie. "He was recording his first solo album ("Lionel Richie") and having trouble with the background vocal," Marx recalls. "He tells me, ‘Come try this part.’ It worked and I ended up singing on his album." Marx contributed backing vocals to Richie’s hit "You Are", as well as "Running with the Night" and "All Night Long (All Night)", both on Richie's follow-up album "Can't Slow Down".
In those early years, Marx would find any excuse possible to work within the recording industry. His enthusiasm and presence in the studio landed him several jobs as a background singer for artists such as Madonna, Whitney Houston and Luther Vandross, and, eventually, as a songwriter. Marx also had a minor acting role in the television movie "Coach Of The Year," which starred Robert Conrad. He was singing for Kenny Rogers in 1984 when he overheard Rogers say he needed a new song. Within days, Marx gave him the demo of "Crazy". Rogers recorded it, along with another of Marx’s songs, "What About Me?", which also featured James Ingram and Kim Carnes. The trio recording hit #1 Adult Contemporary and #15 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 (while just scraping onto the Country and R&B charts) in late 1984 while "Crazy" hit #1 Country and #5 AC the following year. Soon after, Marx began working with producer David Foster and writing songs for the group Chicago and R&B singer Freddie Jackson.
While working as a songwriter and doing background vocals, Marx continued to pursue his own record deal. His demo tape was rejected by every label in Hollywood until, finally, four years after moving to Los Angeles, the president of EMI/Manhattan Records, Bruce Lundvall, heard Marx's demo and knew he had a star on his hands. He gave Marx a recording contract with the opportunity to write and record whatever he wanted. Marx contacted his good friend Fee Waybill, frontman of The Tubes, and some very talented musicians, including Joe Walsh, and Randy Meisner of the Eagles, and created a ten-track album that led to a very successful career.
Music career.
Debut album.
Marx's self-titled debut album, released in June 1987, yielded four hit singles and sold nearly four million copies in the US. The debut single, "Don't Mean Nothing", had been released the previous month and climbed to #3 on the Billboard Hot 100 as well as #1 on Billboard's Album Rock charts. Marx became the first new artist played on 117 radio stations nationwide during his initial week on the charts. The next two singles, "Should’ve Known Better" and "Endless Summer Nights" reached #3 and #2, respectively. The fourth single release, "Hold On to the Nights", earned Marx his first #1 Pop single.
With the success of his self-titled album, Marx became the first male artist to reach the Top 3 with four singles from a debut album. He embarked on his first world tour, initially opening for REO Speedwagon, but quickly began headlining his own shows. Marx's first tour kept him on the road for 14 months while the album remained on the charts for more than a year and a half.
In 1988, Marx was nominated for a Grammy Award for 'Best Rock Vocal Performance - Solo' for "Don’t Mean Nothing".
"Repeat Offender".
"Repeat Offender", Marx’s second release (May 1989), hit pole position and pushed Prince out of the #1 spot on Billboard's Album chart. It went triple platinum within a few months and eventually sold over 5 million US copies. "Repeat Offender" was the result of the energy generated from over a year and a half on the road and was written or co-written entirely by Marx. "Some people might think that it would be easier this time around, that I could just kick back." Marx said at the time, "but the truth is, it’s harder, I’ve got more to prove."
The first two singles, "Satisfied" and the platinum-selling "Right Here Waiting," both reached #1, completing a string of three consecutive No. 1 singles. When the third single from Repeat Offender, "Angelia" climbed to #4, Marx became the first solo artist to reach the Top 5 with his first seven singles. Since then, "Right Here Waiting" has been covered numerous times, most notably by Monica and 112 in a 1998 duet.
Another single from the album, "Children of the Night", was written in support of the suburban Los Angeles (Van Nuys)-based organization for runaways. It became the sixth single from Repeat Offender, and all royalties were donated to the charity.
Marx's second world tour began in the spring of 1989 and took him to Australia, Singapore, Malaysia, Japan, Europe, Canada, and the United States, lasting through August 1990. Highlights of that tour included a performance in the prestigious Royal Albert Hall in London and an invitation from Tina Turner to tour Germany.
Marx also had the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to perform the Beatles’ "Help" at the Berlin Wall in late 1989. Marx also received his second Grammy nomination in 1990 for "Best Pop Vocal Performance - Male" for "Right Here Waiting".
"Rush Street".
Marx went on to release a number of other albums. In 1991 he released his third consecutive platinum album "Rush Street". This album saw artists such as Luther Vandross and Billy Joel appear as backing vocalists and guest pianists. The disc's first single, "Keep Coming Back", went to #12 pop as well as #1 on Billboard's Adult Contemporary charts for 4 weeks running. "Hazard", which depicted a man being wrongfully accused of murder in a fictional version of Hazard, Nebraska, went #1 in charts around the world. Two more Top 10 singles were culled from "Rush Street" with "Take This Heart" (AC #4, Hot 100 #20) and "Chains Around My Heart" (AC #9, Hot 100 #44). In August 2001 Marx admitted that the track "Superstar," from the Rush Street album was about pop star Madonna.
"Paid Vacation".
In early 1994, as Marx and his family permanently left Los Angeles behind and returned to Chicago, Marx released "Paid Vacation", and scored his fourth consecutive platinum album. The acoustic ballad "Now and Forever" peaked at #7 on the Hot 100 and spent 11 weeks in the Top 10 (also #12 in the UK) and also held the #1 position on Billboard's Adult Contemporary charts for 11 weeks - at the time just one week short of the all-time record. The follow-up single, "The Way She Loves Me," climbed to #3 on the US AC chart and #20 on the Pop charts. 
"Flesh and Bone".
1997 saw the release of "Flesh and Bone" - Marx's final studio album on the Capitol imprint. This album sold 250,000 copies in the United States. "Until I Find You Again" hit #1 in several countries and #3 AC in the US.
"Greatest Hits".
Marx's "Greatest Hits" compilation was released in November 1997. The 16-track album includes a variety of hit singles from his first five albums plus "Angel’s Lullaby," a song written about his children originally appearing on "For Our Children, Too", a compilation CD released in 1996 to benefit the Pediatric AIDS Foundation. "Greatest Hits" was released in Asia in November 1998 and included two new songs, "Slipping Away" and "Thanks To You," a touching tribute to his mother. Marx’s dedication and support of numerous charities has continued throughout his career.
"Days in Avalon".
In 2000, Marx debuted his sixth studio album "Days in Avalon." This disc was released on the Signal 21 Records label founded by Marx and former Blood, Sweat & Tears drummer and record producer Bobby Colomby. Its title track, "Days in Avalon", was picked up by Adult Contemporary radio and spent 12 weeks in the chart's Top 30. The album was also quite successful in other parts of the world, particularly Asia and Australia. The label became the vehicle for the release of this disc, and folded shortly thereafter.
"My Own Best Enemy".
After signing a new deal with his former label, Manhattan Records, Marx released the 2004 album "My Own Best Enemy". It featured the two hit singles "When You're Gone" and "Ready to Fly."
"Duo".
In 2008, Marx released "Duo" with Vertical Horizon's lead singer Matt Scannell. This album features select acoustic versions of Marx and Vertical Horizon's hits, plus one they co-wrote and recorded together, "Always on Your Mind." This disc was not released under any label. It was available through Marx's website, and at concerts featuring Marx and Scannell together.
"Emotional Remains" and "Sundown".
On October 31, 2008, "Emotional Remains" and "Sundown" were released via digital download on Marx's official site. Marx composed the track "Through My Veins" in tribute to his late father, jazz musician and jingle writer Dick Marx, who died in 1997. The track appears on the Emotional Remains" disc.
"Stories to Tell".
In March 2010, Stories To Tell was released during Marx's solo acoustic concerts. It is his first acoustic album, which featured several songs from several of his previous albums. In November 2010, "Stories to Tell" album was released in Europe supporting Richard Marx's European tour. The European release featured all the songs from the March release and new studio recordings of songs Richard has written with or for other artists, like Josh Groban and Keith Urban. On May 3, 2011, the reissue of Stories to Tell was released in the United States as a three-disc set exclusively through Walmart, which included a best of disc, an acoustic disc of tracks, and a DVD of a live concert performance at the Shepherd's Bush venue in England. The album is also available for purchase on iTunes and Amazon, but without the bonus DVD and album booklet. Everybody was released as a single in Europe and "When You Loved Me" was released in the US, peaking at #15 on the Adult Contemporary chart.
"The Christmas EP".
On November 1, 2011, Marx released The Christmas EP, a five song collection of Christmas songs. "Christmas Spirit," written by Marx and Fee Waybill, was the first single released for radio airplay. 
"Christmas Spirit".
In October 2012, Marx followed up the The Christmas EP with a full album of holiday tracks called Christmas Spirit. Four songs were released. Santa Claus Is Coming Back To Town, a duet with Sara Niemietz, and Christmas Mornings, were released as promotional singles on YouTube. Little Drummer Boy and O Holy Night were released to radio, peaking at #7 and #19 respectively. Little Drummer Boy gave Marx his first Top Ten single in 14 years.
Recent activity and future recordings.
On June 12, 2008 Marx was part of a PBS television series called "Songwriters In The Round Presents: Legends & Lyrics." In Episode 102 of the first season, Marx appears along with Kenny Loggins, Nathan Lee, and rock band Three Doors Down. The musical performance has been released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc through the Legends and Lyrics website. This episode also features an interview with singer/songwriter Diane Warren. On December 6, 2008, Marx headlined a fundraiser for Cystic Fibrosis research, "Newsapalooza," sponsored by WLS-AM's Roe Conn program, in which Marx both performed several of his hits with his band and accompanied Chicago broadcast news reporters and anchors covering rock hits. On an interview published in Rolling Stone on June 26, 2009, Marx said he was "ashamed" of being linked to a $1.92 million fine against single mother Jammie Thomas-Rasset by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Rasset had shared 24 songs on the file-sharing website Kazaa in 2005. Marx's "Now and Forever" was one of them. Marx played piano on the song "Here" and produced Matt Scannell's vocals on two tracks for Vertical Horizon's latest album Burning the Days. Richard Marx appeared on a YouTube video "ASK KevJumba 2", singing along with YouTube star KevJumba. *On March 27, 2011, Marx sang the National Anthem at the NASCAR race, the 2011 Auto Club 400. On May 3, 2011 Richard Marx was invited on stage at the Curran Theater, San Francisco, by Hugh Jackman. It was opening night of Hugh Jackman In Performance. When introducing the mystery guest Hugh Jackman said that the person was instrumental in helping him put the show together and rehearse. That he had been on at least 4 occasions in this person's living room practicing. The mystery guest was revealed to be Richard Marx. They then sang "Right Here Waiting" together with Marx changing the lyrics on the last chorus to "Right here waiting for Hugh". In summer 2011, Marx collaborated with comedy internet duo, Rhett and Link, producing a celebrity endorsement for a colon cleansing spa in Sacramento, CA. The ad spot and its "making of" was featured on an episode of Rhett and Link's series on IFC.
Richard has announced that a new album will be released in the spring of 2014. Potential songs are current single "Just Go," "Moscow Calling," "Turn Off The Night," "Like The World Is Ending," "Electrical," "Off The Ground," "Forgot To Remember," and "Beautiful Goodbye." The working title of the album is The Seduction.
Musical influences / favorite artists.
In addition to his parents, Marx names recording artists like Sam Cooke and Elvis Presley as his biggest musical influences, along with Donny Hathaway, Steven Tyler, Elton John, Kenny Loggins, Peter Gabriel, Daniel Lanois, Annie Lennox, U2, Dave Grusin, and includes John Farnham, Billy Joel, Bryan Adams, Rod Stewart, The Eagles, Luther Vandross, Earth, Wind & Fire, and Gladys Knight in his list of favorites.
Personal life.
On January 8, 1989, Marx married the singer/dancer/actress Cynthia Rhodes. Rhodes acted and sang in "Staying Alive" (1982), "Flashdance" (1983), and most notably in the 1987 blockbuster "Dirty Dancing", as well as appearing as the female lead in Marx's first video, "Don't Mean Nothing". Rhodes also briefly sang lead for the second incarnation of the synth-pop band Animotion in the late 1980s. The couple have three sons—Brandon (born 1990), Lucas (born 1992), and Jesse (born 1994)—and reside in Lake Bluff, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="18938416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938416" title="Parağa">
Parağa

Parağa (Armenian Փառակա P'aṙaka) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 300. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938418" title="Ərəzin">
Ərəzin

Ərəzin is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,812. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938425" title="Akhisar Belediyespor">
Akhisar Belediyespor

Akhisar Belediye Gençlik ve Spor (Akhisar Municipality and Sports Club) is a professional Turkish football club located in the city of Akhisar. Formed in 1970, Akhisarspor are nicknamed "Akigo". The club colours are green, black, and yellow. The club has a great rivalry against Turgutluspor and Manisaspor. The club plays its home games at the Manisa 19 Mayıs Stadium, which is also used by Manisaspor.
Akhisar Belediyespor had their first major success in 2011, when they won the TFF First League, and promoted to the Süper Lig. The club is in the season 2013-14 still active in the Süper Lig. 
History.
The club was founded in 1970 by the merger of three soccer teams, Güneşspor, Gençlikspor and Doğanspor in Manisa. The club's colors are black, green, and yellow, representing Güneşspor, Gençlikspor and Doğanspor, respectively. Yılmaz Atabarut was the founder and the first president of the club. 
The club competed in the Turkish regional amateur series until 1984, when it was promoted to the TFF Third League, the fourth level in the Turkish football league system. Ten years later, in 1994, they were relegated back to the regional amateur league for one season. 
In 1995, the club was promoted back to the third league. In the 2000-2001 season, the club advanced to the TFF Second League and after nine years there, they were promoted to the TFF First League. They became the champion of the league in their first season which brought them to the highest level of Turkish soccer, the Süper Lig. 
In 2012, the club brought in Bruno Mezenga, Çağdaş Atan and Ibrahima Sonko to strengthen their squad. In January 2013, they signed Greek striker Theofanis "Fanis" Gekas who went on to score 12 goals for the remainder of the 2012/13 season, and assisted in the effort to keep the club in the division. The club ended on a 14th place in the Süper Lig.
Colours and Crest.
Colours.
The official colors of the club is green and black, but the team uses also the yellow color. This three colors represents Güneşspor, Gençlikspor and Doğanspor. As fourth color the club uses also white. Since 2012 Nike is the kit manufacturer of the team.
Crest.
On the crest of the team can you find again the three colors from Akhisar Belediyespor. On the crest you can find a ball with wings. The ball is white colored and the wings are yellow colored. Above and under the ball can you find the words 'Akhisar' in green and 'Belediyespor' in black background. Under Belediyespor, we can read 'Gençlik ve Spor Kulübü' and '1970' also in black.
Stadium.
Since 2012 the home ground of this club is the Manisa 19 Mayis Stadium. The stadium was officially opened in 1974 and was also renovated in 2008. The stadium has an capacity of 20.000 seats and is also used by Manisaspor. Also the national team of Turkey played a match over here. This was on 6 February 2013 against Czech Republic, and it was a victory for the away team. Turkey lost the match with a 0-2 score.
The club played in another stadium before this stadium. That stadium was the Akhisar Şehir Stadium. This stadium had an capacity of 5.000 seats, but Akhisar Belediyespor may not play in this stadium in the Süper Lig. 
In 2011 the Minister of Sports from Turkey let see a new stadium project to the media. This multi-propose stadium will have a capacity of 12.500 seats. Behind the stadium will be a new arena for the teams basketball and taekwondo branch. This arena will have a capacity of 2.000 seats.
Support.
The club has an amazing fans attendance, and are one of the best fans of the country. The fanclub is founded in 1977 and was named the 'Akigolar'. This name is a cross from a Amigo and Akhisarspor. The fanclub is the most peaceful supporters of the country, and where because of that nicknamed as the Hergelen's. This means that the supporters shows respect for all the teams and supporters in their competition.
Current technical staff.
"As of Augustus 2012" 

</doc>
<doc id="18938427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938427" title="Tivi">
Tivi

Tivi is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,343. 
References.
XEM TIVI

</doc>
<doc id="18938435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938435" title="The Georgetown Voice">
The Georgetown Voice

The Georgetown Voice is the student-run weekly campus newsmagazine at Georgetown University. It has a circulation of approximately 4,000 and prints an edition every Thursday. 
The "Voice" was founded in March 1969 in the context of the Vietnam War, when a group of senior editors at "The Hoya", Georgetown University's main campus news source, left in order to comment on topics off as well as on campus. The debut editorial, published March 4, 1969, explained the organization’s goals and purposes:
“Our editorial policy will view and analyze issues in a liberal light. We shall not limit our editorial content to campus topics. We promise to present and analyze national and local issues of concern to the student, whose concern should spread beyond the campus … We shall attempt with all our energy to inform the community, to make the community conscious of controversial subjects by an open presentation and discussion of relevant issues, to communicate a culture, and to entertain our readers.”
The "Voice" consists of Editorial, News, Sports, Feature, Leisure (arts & entertainment), Page 13 (the content of which is largely left to its editor's discretion), and Voices (non-fiction submitted by the campus community). While "The Voice" is explicitly liberal in its editorial content, its news reporting is objective. It is primarily known for its in-depth pieces featured on the cover, as well as its Leisure section that focuses on less well-known film, art, theatre, music and food in the District of Columbia. In 2006, "The Voice" also founded a blog, Vox Populi, the popularity of which soared in recent years.
On April 11, 2007, "The Voice" was quoted on the Senate Floor as Democratic Senator Robert Menendez from New Jersey got into a lengthy argument with President Bush’s Special Envoy to Sudan Andrew Natsios over whether the classification of genocide still holds in Darfur.
Although Georgetown does not have a Journalism Major, alumni from "The Voice" have worked in the field with CNN, CBS, Agence France-Presse, "The Los Angeles Times", "The Wall Street Journal", "The New Republic", "The Atlantic", the "Washington City Paper", "PopMatters", "Entertainment Weekly", the "Poynter Center", "The Nation", "Slate", "The New Yorker", and "The Washington Post".

</doc>
<doc id="18938436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938436" title="Kırna">
Kırna

Kırna (also, Kirnə) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,744. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938437" title="Bist (village)">
Bist (village)

Bist (, ), is a village and municipality in Goghtn Region of Armenia, currently included into Ordubad region of Nakhichevan autonomy of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 479.
Bist was famous for its churches and monasteries. St. Astvatsatsin church has remained up today, which has been the largest church in Nakhichevan. Ruins of churches, monasteries, fortress, tombs, mills and bridges has remained up today. One of the most famous spiritual and cultural centers was St. Nshan church, where numerous ancient manuscripts were rewritten, some of which are kept now in Matenadaran, Yerevan.

</doc>
<doc id="18938439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938439" title="Yamkhana">
Yamkhana

Yamkhana is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18938445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938445" title="34th Infantry Regiment (United States)">
34th Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 34th Infantry Regiment (nickname 'Leyte Dragons') is a Regular Army infantry regiment of the United States Army. It saw combat in World War I, in the Pacific Theater of Operations in World War II, and was the first full American regiment deployed in combat in the Korean War. The 1st and 3rd Battalions of the 34th are now basic training formations attached to the 165th Infantry Brigade at Fort Jackson, South Carolina.
Other units called "34th Infantry Regiment".
There was a 34th Infantry Regiment in the War of 1812, constituted on 29 January 1813 by enrolling several militia companies from Maine (then Massachusetts) into regular service. This regiment served under General George Izard on the Lake Champlain frontier. In October 1815 it was consolidated into the Regiment of Light Artillery.
At the outbreak of the American Civil War, Congress increased the Regular Army by authorizing the creation of nine new, three-battalion infantry regiments. After the war, the battalions of those regiments were reorganized as separate regiments. The 3rd Battalion, 16th Infantry became the 34th Infantry Regiment on 21 September 1866. In 1869 Congress reduced the peacetime army from 41 infantry regiments to 25. The 34th and 11th Regiments were consolidated on 6 April to form the current 16th Infantry Regiment.
Origins; World War I; interwar period.
The current 34th Infantry Regiment was organized at El Paso, Texas on 15 July 1916, four months into the Punitive Expedition into Mexico led by Major General John J. Pershing. The 34th's original cadre was drawn from the 7th, 20th and 23rd regiments. The regiment was assigned to border patrol and National Guard training duties.
With the American entry into World War I in April 1917 the Army expanded and shifted to preparation for war in Europe. The 34th was assigned to the 7th Division, which arrived in France on 27 August 1918. On 9 October the division went into line in Lorraine with the 34th on its left. It saw action in the Puvenelle sector before the armistice on 11 November. With the rest of the division, the 34th then took up occupation duty in Germany during negotiations of the Treaty of Versailles. The regiment returned to the United States in June 1919.
In the 1920s and 1930s, the 34th Infantry was based at Fort George G. Meade, Maryland, where it served as the Army's first testbed motorized infantry regiment.
On 28 July 1932 regular forces were assembled in Washington, D.C. under the direct command of the Army Chief of Staff, General Douglas MacArthur, to break up the Bonus Army, a protest group largely made up of unemployed World War I veterans seeking pensions from the Herbert Hoover administration. A battalion of the 34th was in reserve while the main action was conducted by the 3rd Cavalry and 12th Infantry.
World War II.
On 15 July 1940, following maneuvers in Tennessee in which the 1st Battalion had served as a tank battalion, cadre from the 34th Infantry formed the 70th Tank Battalion, now the 70th Armor Regiment. That same month, the 34th became part of the 8th Infantry Division when that unit was activated at Fort Jackson. The 34th was designated the outstanding regiment of the Carolina Maneuvers of 1941.
In November 1941 the regiment was detached from 8th Division and assigned to the Philippine Department to reinforce the islands, as the prospects of war with Japan increased. The 34th was at San Francisco awaiting embarkation on 7 December when the attack on Pearl Harbor brought the United States into the war. The regiment was reassigned to the Hawaiian Department and its convoy rerouted to Oahu, where it arrived on 21 December. The 34th was put in department reserve and assigned to the defense of the island.
On 12 June 1943 the 34th was assigned to the 24th Infantry Division, replacing the 298th Infantry, a Hawaiian National Guard unit that had been severely depleted the previous year when its ethnic Japanese soldiers were reassigned to the 100th Infantry Battalion (Separate). In September the division shipped out to Australia for training.
The 34th served as division reserve during the Operation Reckless landings at Tanahmerah Bay, Netherlands New Guinea on 22 April 1944. The regiment was brought ashore and assisted in mopping-up operations around the Hollandia airdrome.
In early June the 34th was attached to the 41st Infantry Division, whose assault on Biak Island was meeting unexpected resistance. A two-day assault by the 34th captured Sorido and Brooke airdromes, major objectives in the campaign.
The end was nearer than they thought
According to Stephen J. Lofgren who prepared the pamphlet, "Southern Philippines" in the U.S. Army’s Center of Military History series "The US Army Campaigns of WWII", “The Southern Philippines Campaign usually is given short shrift in popular histories of World War II.” The campaign, which the U.S. Army recognizes as ending on 4 July 1945, actually lasted until Imperial Japanese forces received the news of the Japanese total defeat from Tokyo in September. Operation VICTOR V of the Southern Philippines Campaign was waged with primary objective of eradicating Japanese military power on Mindanao in the Philippine Islands and liberating the Filipino people.
The 34th Infantry, operating as an element of the 24th Infantry Division participated in some of the most horrific combat under the most insufferable weather and terrain conditions of the War in the Pacific. Yet for the entire campaign U.S. forces losses were minimal. The mopping up activities on the island of Mindanao lasting into September 1945 would result in 22,000 Japanese soldiers emerging from the central Mindanao jungles to surrender. More than 10,000 Japanese died in combat on Mindanao, while 8,000 or more died from starvation or disease during the campaign. From 17 April to 15 August 1945, 820 U.S. soldiers were killed in eastern Mindanao and 2,880 were wounded; many more deaths and injuries were post 15 August. The 34th Infantry would go on to occupy the southern Japanese island of Kyushu.
Three 34th Infantry soldiers received the Medal of Honor for service in World War II, all posthumously:
Korean War.
The first US ground casualty of the Korean War was Private Kenneth R. Shaddrick of the 34th Infantry Regiment, 24th Infantry Division who was killed in action 5 July 1950, three miles south of Osan, Republic of Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="18938446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938446" title="Nicholas Sinclair">
Nicholas Sinclair

Nicholas Sinclair (born 1954) is a British photographer born in London.
Sinclair studied Fine Art at the University of Newcastle-upon-Tyne. His career as a photographer began in 1982 with a series of photographs taken in the circus which were first exhibited in 1983 at the University of Sussex and subsequently published in the "British Journal of Photography". He is known principally as a portrait photographer and many of his portraits are held in the permanent collections of the National Portrait Gallery and the Victoria & Albert Museum in London.
Sinclair is also an accomplished landscape photographer and has published five books. He has edited two books about the Welsh artist Sir Kyffin Williams RA, and has taken what are now recognised as the definitive portraits of the artist. His work has also been exhibited in many European cities and in 2003 he was made a Hasselblad Master.

</doc>
<doc id="18938447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938447" title="Volumes 1 &amp; 2">
Volumes 1 &amp; 2

Volumes 1 & 2 is the first full length album by The Desert Sessions. It features the seven tracks found on the original 10 inch singles, plus three bonus tracks.
This album differs from subsequent collaborative Desert Sessions in that it was recorded solely by Josh Homme's band The Acquitted Felons playing for three days straight on psilocybin mushrooms.
Track listing.
Tracks marked with a * are CD only bonus tracks and do not appear on the individual vinyl versions.
The two "Girl Boy Tom" tracks are actually part of a single song. "Monkey in the Middle" is crammed between the two tracks with a fade out from "Girl Boy Tom" and fade back into "Girl Boy Tom". Thus the title "Monkey in the Middle" is a sort of play on titles, being the monkey in the middle.

</doc>
<doc id="18938448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938448" title="Norashen, Nakhchivan">
Norashen, Nakhchivan

Norashen is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18938450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938450" title="Volumes 3 &amp; 4">
Volumes 3 &amp; 4

Volumes 3 & 4 is the second compilation of Josh Homme's project The Desert Sessions. ' and ' were released separately on 10-inch vinyl, and then compiled on CD with the extra track "You Keep on Talkin'".
Personnel.
This Desert Sessions set featured several bands.
The earthlings? (Pete Stahl, Dave Catching, Fred Drake, and Musharitas) perform "At the Helm Off Hell's Ships" and "Sugar Rush"
The Eagles of Death Metal (consisting of Jesse 'The Devil' Hughes, Loo Balls, Carlo Von Sexron, Craig Armstrong (bass player) and T. Fresh) performed "The Gosso King of Crater Lake", "Hogleg" and "You Keep On Talkin'". The Eagles of Death Metal has since become a real band centered around Jesse Hughes guitars and singing instead of Loo Balls vocals. Also, 'Carlo Von Sexron' is in fact, one of Joshua Homme's monikers. He is also known to record drums and/or bass guitar for EODM to this day, though he doesn't tour with them regularly.
The Green Monarchs (consisting of Alfredo Hernández, Larry Lalli, Mario Lalli, Joshua Homme, Chris Goss, Nick Oliveri, Tony Tornay) performed "Monster In The Parasol", "Jr. High Love" and "Eccentric Man".
An unnamed grouping consisting of Pete Stahl, John McBain, Joshua Homme, Ben Shepherd, and Alfredo Hernandez performed "Nova" and "Avon", which were likely leftovers from the original set of Desert Sessions. The music tracks of both of these songs are identical with different vocal tracks. Pete Stahl sings "Nova" and Homme sings "Avon". Homme has said that this was an experiment to show how two different vocalists would treat the same piece of music.

</doc>
<doc id="18938455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938455" title="Volumes 7 &amp; 8">
Volumes 7 &amp; 8

Volumes 7 & 8 is a compilation of the seventh and eighth releases from The Desert Sessions. The seventh volume is titled , and the eighth . The album features appearances from Mark Lanegan, Alain Johannes, Natasha Shneider, Chris Goss, Brendon McNichol, Fred Drake, Nick Eldorado, and Joshua Homme.
Queens of the Stone Age re-recorded "Hanging Tree" for their 2002 album "Songs for the Deaf".
Notes.
The track "Interpretive Reading" is a mostly verbatim excerpt of the children's book "A Ghost Named Fred". The reading is set to a background of musical improvocation and a chorus from Indio High School singing their school's alma mater song.
The main riff in the track "Cold Sore Superstars" was used in the song "No One Knows" on Queens of the Stone Age's 2002 album "Songs for the Deaf". "Polly Wants a Crack Rock" is a precursor to the Eagles of Death Metal song "I Only Want You".
In the song "Winners" the names were those of real Indio High School students who were winners of a science fair in the 1960s. Many of these students were from the Class of 1965.
The tracks "Ending" and "Piano Bench Breaks" were not present the vinyl versions. "Piano Bench Breaks" featuring a hidden track which advertises upcoming releases.

</doc>
<doc id="18938457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938457" title="Volumes 9 &amp; 10">
Volumes 9 &amp; 10

Volumes 9 & 10 is the fifth compilation from Josh Homme's ongoing collaborative side project, The Desert Sessions. "9 & 10" features PJ Harvey, Ween's Dean Ween, Marilyn Manson's (and formerly of Nine Inch Nails) Jeordie White, Eleven's Alain Johannes, as well as Queens of the Stone Age's Troy Van Leeuwen (formally of A Perfect Circle) and Joey Castillo (formally of Queens of the Stone Age and Danzig).
Track listing.
Track 1-6 are from ', tracks 7-12 are from ', while track 13 and 14 are bonus tracks exclusive to the CD edition.

</doc>
<doc id="18938463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938463" title="Göydərə">
Göydərə

Göydərə is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,305. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938480" title="Bulqan">
Bulqan

Bulqan (also, Bulgan and Bulghan) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,127. A 12th to 17th century necropolis, now mostly submerged, is registered with the Ministry of Culture and Tourism.

</doc>
<doc id="18938483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938483" title="Jeff Van Raaphorst">
Jeff Van Raaphorst

Jeffrey Richard Van Raaphorst (born December 7, 1963 in Columbus, Ohio) is a former American football quarterback. After going to high school at Grossmont High School in La Mesa, California, Van Raaphorst attended Arizona State University. He led the Sun Devils football team to the Pac-10 championship in his senior year, where they won the 1987 Rose Bowl. He was the Rose Bowl Player of the Game.
Van Raaphorst made his professional debut in the NFL in 1987 with the Atlanta Falcons. He played two games for Atlanta in the 1988 season.
Van Raaphorst's brother Mike Van Raaphorst was a backup quarterback behind Carson Palmer at USC in 1999.
Van Raaphorst was inducted into the Rose Bowl Hall of Fame in 2006.
Van Raaphorst now serves as a color commentator for Arizona State football radio broadcasts.

</doc>
<doc id="18938487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938487" title="A Woman in Love (Ronnie Milsap song)">
A Woman in Love (Ronnie Milsap song)

"A Woman in Love" is a song written by Curtis Wright and Doug Millett, and recorded by American country music singer Ronnie Milsap. It was released in 1989 as the third single from the album "Stranger Things Have Happened". It was his last song to reach number one on the U.S. country singles chart. It tells of man who is confused with the way women in love behave. For an example, during the chorus, Ronnie sings the following line: "You "never know" with a woman in love."
Success and reception.
Milsap's 53rd single to be released and the third track from the album "Stranger Things Have Happened", the song became his last number-one single.
Curtis Wright, who had just quit Vern Gosdin's road band, wrote the song in 1989. He said that when Doug Millett presented him with the idea, he was initially disinterested in writing the song, but "it kind of opened up like a book". Wright was still concerned that its hook was too similar to Earl Thomas Conley's 1988 single "What She Is (Is a Woman in Love)", and thought that the song was not suited for Milsap's style.
Milsap also created a music video for the song.

</doc>
<doc id="18938490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938490" title="Kama Reservoir">
Kama Reservoir

The Kama Reservoir, also known as the Perm Reservoir (), is a reservoir formed by the dam of the Kama Hydroelectric Station near Perm (constructed in 1954-1956). The Kama Reservoir has a surface area of 1,915 km² and a water volume of 12,2 cubic km. Its length along the Kama is 272 km, major width - up to 30 km, average depth - 6,3 m (with maximum depth equaling 30 m). The Kama Reservoir was created for the benefit of transportation, energetics, and water supply. It also performs seasonal flow regulation. The cities of Perm, Dobryanka, Chyormoz, Berezniki, Usolye, and Solikamsk are located on the shores of the Kama Reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="18938493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938493" title="Yarpagly">
Yarpagly

Yarpagly is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18938496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938496" title="Nizhniy Anzyr">
Nizhniy Anzyr

Nizhniy Anzyr is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18938497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938497" title="Pustra/Vile-een's Vaudeville">
Pustra/Vile-een's Vaudeville

Pustra/Vile-een's Vaudeville arrived on the Alternative Cabaret and Neo-Burlesque scene in London, England in 2006. With their trademark comedy and unusual stage acts, they have quickly established themselves as a refreshing, strange and highly talented duo with a twist of Sideshow. Featured in Time Out Magazine's Variety Feature: 
[http://www.timeout.com/london/alternative-nightlife/features/3267/London-s_new_variety_scene.html]
The pair has been linked to The Tiger Lillies. They also worked with David Mitchell, Channel 4's "Peep Show" TV series and performed for Musician, Peaches at the Royal Festival Hall in London.
The duo split up in August 2009 and Mr Pustra or "Le" Pustra, reinvented himself as 'Vaudeville's Darkest Muse' and have established himself as a respected performance artist, singer and fashion icon with a growing fan base across the globe - using social media such as Facebook to promote his work. The artist is often compared to German countertenor Klaus Nomi, Nina Hagen and Serge Gainsbourg. In 2010, Mr Pustra or known as 'Daemiane' (born July 1, 1977) produced and directed a fashion video for Serbian designer Marko Mitanovski which was screened at London Fashion Week and Malasian International Fashion Week. In 2011, Mr Pustra appeared at Coney Island in New York, performed at London's clubnight 'The Face' alongside 'king of the Neo-Romantics and former 'The Blitz' club owner, Steve Strange and produced his first theatrical show 'Villains' which was staged at Rome's Teatro Palladium. Recently Mr Pustra collaborated with The Irrepressibles on the musical score for a new film by Shelly Love, due out in 2014 and walked in London Fashion Week for designer, Ziad Ghanem. Pustra was featured in the book 'New Club Kids: London Party Fashion in the Noughties by photographer, Oggy Yordanov and included in the exhibition, 'The Human Zoo' by Matilda Temperley, sister to fashion designer, Alice Temperley. Other credits include Amanda Palmer during her recent tour of Europe. Mr Pustra is currently working on his first book, simply entitled 'Le Pustra' which will be available in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18938500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938500" title="Sovetabad, Babek">
Sovetabad, Babek

Sovetabad is a village in the Babek Rayon of the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18938502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938502" title="Sredniy Anzyr">
Sredniy Anzyr

Sredniy Anzyr is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18938505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938505" title="Schedule for the 2008 Democratic National Convention">
Schedule for the 2008 Democratic National Convention

The following is a schedule of the 2008 Democratic National Convention that was held from August 25 to August 27 at Pepsi Center and on August 28 at INVESCO Field at Mile High in Denver, Colorado.
Sunday, August 24.
Interfaith gathering.
A "Democratic National Convention Interfaith Gathering" was held at "2:00 pm MT, at the Wells Fargo Theater, inside the Colorado Convention Center." It was the first time the DNC has hosted such an event and was "the first official event for the 2008 Convention [...] The event free and open to the public, but tickets [were required."
The event was led by:
Additional clergy included: 
Local clergy included:
The Secular Coalition for America has argued that while the event was "designed to showcase the 'diversity' and 'shared values' of the party and achieve a 'spirit of unity,' it would, in fact, marginalize those Democrats who do not practice religion." The Coalition wrote to Chief executive officer of the Democratic National Convention Committee, the Rev. Leah Daughtry, stating that it "expressed the Coalition's willingness to discuss ways to make the convention more inclusive."
Monday, August 25.
The theme for the day was "One Nation", with Michelle Obama as the "headline prime-time speaker." She was introduced by her brother, Craig Robinson. "", directed and produced by Mark Herzog and Chris Cowen in association with Ken Burns, was introduced by Kennedy's niece, Caroline Kennedy. Senator Kennedy was not expected to attend the convention due to his illness, but nevertheless made a surprise appearance and speech in the evening. A video about former President Jimmy Carter's humanitarian work was also shown, followed by a brief appearance by the president and former President himself, accompanied by former First Lady Rosalynn Carter.
The Platform was adopted by voice vote with no real debate.
The speakers were scheduled to include:
Tuesday, August 26.
The theme for the day was "Renewing America's Promise." Senator Hillary Clinton was the headline prime-time speaker and former Virginia Governor Mark Warner delivered the keynote address on Tuesday night.
Featured speakers.
The speakers included:
Wednesday, August 27.
The theme for the day was "Securing America's Future" and featured a speech by Joe Biden, the Vice Presidential candidate. Iraq War veterans Representative Patrick Murphy (D-PA) and Illinois Veterans' Affairs Department Director Tammy Duckworth offered a tribute to war veterans.
Obama and Biden were both formally chosen to be the Democratic nominees for President and Vice President by acclamation, put forward by former rival Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton. 
Barack Obama himself made a surprise appearance after Biden's acceptance speech and praised the performances of his colleagues and his wife Michelle. Obama also reminded delegates to attend his acceptance speech the following day.
Sister Catherine Pinkerton delivered the benediction for the night.
Featured speakers.
The speakers included:
Results of delegate voting.
Along with presumptive presidential nominee Barack Obama, former opponent Hillary Clinton's name was also placed in nomination for president. The "Los Angeles Times" noted that this has occurred before: Jerry Brown's name was entered into the roll call after losing to Bill Clinton in 1992; Jesse Jackson and Gary Hart also had their names added after losing to Walter F. Mondale in 1984. In 1980, Senator Ted Kennedy's name was entered into the roll call after losing to Jimmy Carter. In addition, Clinton became only the fourth woman to have her name placed in nomination for president at a major party convention. U.S. Sen. Margaret Chase Smith of Maine was placed in nomination at the 1964 Republican convention, and U.S. Rep. Shirley Chisholm of New York was placed in nomination at the 1972 Democratic convention. In 1976, anti-abortionist Ellen McCormack had her name placed in nomination along with Mo Udall, Jimmy Carter and Jerry Brown.
President.
Obama was formally selected as the Democratic nominee through acclamation, put forward by formal rival Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York, offering her own delegates to Obama and motioning to suspend the rules of the roll call.
Vice President.
Joe Biden was nominated by acclamation on a voice vote.
Thursday, August 28.
The theme for the day was "Change You Can Believe In."
Barack Obama accepted the nomination in a speech at INVESCO Field at Mile High on the 45th anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech.
Rabbi David Saperstein gave an invocation prior to Obama's speech. Progressive pastor Joel Hunter offered the benediction after Obama's speech. Speaker Pelosi adjourned the convention after the benediction.

</doc>
<doc id="18938510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938510" title="Zeynəddin">
Zeynəddin

Zeynəddin is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,377. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938512" title="Tillyak">
Tillyak

Tillyak is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18938515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938515" title="Teyvaz">
Teyvaz

Teyvaz is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 341. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938516" title="Kela-Kamar">
Kela-Kamar

Kela-Kamar is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18938518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938518" title="Byagliaty">
Byagliaty

Byagliaty is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18938519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938519" title="Hollidaysburg Area Public Library">
Hollidaysburg Area Public Library

The Hollidaysburg Area Public Library in Hollidaysburg, Pennsylvania, serves the Hollidaysburg Area School District, which includes the Allegheny, Blair, and Frankstown townships and the boroughs of Duncansville, Hollidaysburg, and Newry, PA, consisting of 24,173 residents. The Hollidaysburg Area Public Library has a collection of nearly 46,000 items with an annual circulation of over 98,000 items. They offer a variety of resources including books, movies, graphic novels, magazines, newspapers, and a Nintendo Wii video game console for use in the library. The library prides itself on providing a multitude of free programs to the community. In the past, these have included book clubs, Pennsylvania Humanities Council programs, and poetry readings. The library celebrated its 40th birthday in November 2007 with a 40-story cake (a cake in which 40 people wrote down stories on).
The library holds an annual Summer Reading Program, in which nearly 300 children participate every year. It is the most attended program of its kind in the Blair County Library System.
The current librarian is Janet Eldred.

</doc>
<doc id="18938520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938520" title="Nəzərabad">
Nəzərabad

Nəzərabad is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,036. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938522" title="Khorna">
Khorna

Khorna is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18938525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938525" title="Vayxır, Babek">
Vayxır, Babek

Vayxır (also, Vaykhyr) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,290. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938528" title="Süst">
Süst

Süst is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18938530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938530" title="Sychandzhuk">
Sychandzhuk

Sychandzhuk is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18938532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938532" title="Çalxanqala">
Çalxanqala

Çalxanqala is a village and municipality in the Kangarli Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,140.

</doc>
<doc id="18938535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938535" title="Püsyan">
Püsyan

Püsyan is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,679.

</doc>
<doc id="18938536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938536" title="Persistent data">
Persistent data

Persistent Data denotes information that is infrequently accessed and not likely to be modified.
The opposite of this is dynamic data (also known as transactional data) where information is asynchronously changed as further updates to the information become available. Updates to dynamic data may come at any time, with periods of inactivity in between.

</doc>
<doc id="18938538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938538" title="İbadulla">
İbadulla

İbadulla is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,337.

</doc>
<doc id="18938541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938541" title="Qızıl Qışlaq">
Qızıl Qışlaq

Qızıl Qışlaq (also, Kyzylkishlag) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 692. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938544" title="Stansiya Daşarx">
Stansiya Daşarx

Stansiya Daşarx (also, Daşarx) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 407. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938546" title="Sakhali-Kishlag">
Sakhali-Kishlag

Sakhali-Kishlag is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18938547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938547" title="Tənənəm">
Tənənəm

Tənənəm is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 746. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938548" title="Yuxarı Aralıq">
Yuxarı Aralıq

Yuxarı Aralıq is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,049. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938550" title="Shangirey">
Shangirey

Shangirey is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18938553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938553" title="Karvansaray">
Karvansaray

Karvansaray is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18938555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938555" title="Həmzəli, Nakhchivan">
Həmzəli, Nakhchivan

Həmzəli (also, Gamzali) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 717. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938558" title="Zeyvə, Nakhchivan">
Zeyvə, Nakhchivan

Zeyvə is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,485. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938560" title="Oğlanqala">
Oğlanqala

Oğlanqala is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,897. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938564" title="Dashkhartan">
Dashkhartan

Dashkhartan is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18938581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938581" title="Biedronka">
Biedronka

Biedronka (Polish for ladybug) is the biggest chain of no frills supermarkets in Poland (nearly 2,400 shops and 37,000 employees), owned by the Portuguese company "Jerónimo Martins". Literally, the name translates as ladybug which is the logo of the company.
Biedronka sells mainly local (Polish) products, much of which are manufactured specially under the company's own label. It is one of the best recognized companies in Poland (98% of the population) and is targeted at lower-income customers. It also sells a variety of Portuguese-made products. In 2013 90% of the product range were Polish-made.

</doc>
<doc id="18938593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938593" title="Prehistoric Beast">
Prehistoric Beast

Prehistoric Beast is a ten minute long experimental animated film conceived, supervised and directed by Phil Tippett in 1984. This sequence is considered as being the first film produced by the Tippett Studio, founded by Tippett himself in 1984. Made with the go motion animation technique, scenes from "Prehistoric Beast" were included in the 1985 full length documentary "Dinosaur!", first aired on CBS in the United States on November 5, 1985.
Content.
This short film depicts the chase and predation of a "Monoclonius" by a "Tyrannosaurus". A "Tyrannosaurus" is busy eating a dead dinosaur that night and finishes. Next morning, a herd of "Monoclonius" is seen grazing. One member wanders into the forest to find more food. It finds a field of flowers and starts to eat and eat. It wanders in further and starts to be hunted by the same "T-Rex". It steps on a twig, which makes the "Monoclonius" wary. It lets out a trumpet to signal the herd. It keeps walking further into the forest. It soon stumbles upon the meal from the "T-Rex". It starts to get really scared, while the "T-Rex" sneaks up from behind. It attacks and bites hard on the "Monoclonius" back. It breaks free and stabs the "T-Rex" in its shin, enraging it. The "T-Rex" manages to corner the "Monoclonius" near some trees. The herbivore lets out one last cry before it's killed with one deadly bite. The "Monoclonius" herd start to call out for their missing member, not knowing that it has been killed. The "T-Rex" is next seen trying to find a place to sleep and digest its meal.
Prelude of a full length documentary.
"Prehistoric Beast" was only released in specialized animation festivals, but it convinced Robert Guenette and Steven Paul Mark to request Tippett's skills in order to transform it in a full length documentary. They then asked Tippett to realize new sequences with other dinosaur species, and the "Prehistoric Beast" material was added to the new one, resulting on "Dinosaur!" in 1985. Tippett had already participated in "" (1980), animating the tauntauns seen in the movie, and his experimental work on "Prehistoric Beast" and "Dinosaur!" served to the animated dinosaurs sequences he made some years later for "Jurassic Park" (1993).
Digital re-release.
On April 6, 2011, the Tippett Studio had published on its YouTube official channel a digital restoration of the short.

</doc>
<doc id="18938606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938606" title="Samantha Cools">
Samantha Cools

Samantha "Sammy" Cools (born March 3, 1986) is a Canadian Bicycle Motocross (BMX) racer. Born in Calgary, Alberta, she was introduced to the sport by her brothers Greg, coach of the New Zealand BMX team, and Ken. She currently lives in Airdrie, Alberta.
Winning her very first race at three years of age and her first international race at age 10, she is now a 13-time Canadian national champion and five-time world junior champion. She is coached by Hervé Krebs. At the 2008 UCI BMX World Championships she finished fifth in the elite women event.
Cools recently competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the women's BMX. She qualified for the final in the event, but crashed after colliding midair with Gabriela Diaz seconds into the race. Although she did cross the finish line, she was officially classified as "Did not finish" and was ranked seventh.

</doc>
<doc id="18938614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938614" title="Votkinsk Reservoir">
Votkinsk Reservoir

The Votkinsk Reservoir (), is a reservoir formed by the dam of the Votkinsk Hydroelectric Station on the Kama River in Perm Krai and Udmurtia, Russia. The reservoir filling took place in 1962-1964. The Votkinsk Reservoir has a surface area of 1,120 km² and a water volume of 9,4 cubic km. Its length is 365 km, major width - 9 km, average depth - 8,4 m. The Votkinsk Reservoir was created for the benefit of transportation and energetics. It also performs seasonal flow regulation. The cities of Perm, Krasnokamsk, Nytva, Okhansk, Osa, and Chaykovsky are located on the shores of the Votkinsk Reservoir. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938636" title="Decompiler">
Decompiler

A decompiler is a computer program that performs the reverse operation to that of a compiler. That is, it translates program code at a relatively low level of abstraction (usually designed to be computer readable rather than human readable) into a form having a higher level of abstraction (usually designed to be human readable). Decompilers usually do not perfectly reconstruct the original source code, and can vary widely in the intelligibility of their outputs. Nonetheless, decompilers remain an important tool in software reverse engineering.
Introduction.
The term "decompiler" is most commonly applied to a program which translates executable programs (the output from a compiler) into source code in a (relatively) high level language which, when compiled, will produce an executable whose behavior is the same as the original executable program. By comparison, a disassembler translates an executable program into assembly language (and an assembler could be used to assemble it back into an executable program).
Decompilation is the act of using a decompiler, although the term can also refer to the output of a decompiler. It can be used for the recovery of lost source code, and is also useful in some cases for computer security, interoperability and error correction. The success of decompilation depends on the amount of information present in the code being decompiled and the sophistication of the analysis performed on it. The bytecode formats used by many virtual machines (such as the Java Virtual Machine or the .NET Framework Common Language Runtime) often include extensive metadata and high-level features that make decompilation quite feasible. The presence of debug data can make it possible to reproduce the original variable and structure names and even the line numbers. Machine language without such metadata or debug data is much harder to decompile.
Some compilers and post-compilation tools produce obfuscated code (that is, they attempt to produce output that is very difficult to decompile). This is done to make it more difficult to reverse engineer the executable.
Design.
Decompilers can be thought of as composed of a series of phases each of which contributes specific aspects of the overall decompilation process.
Loader.
The first decompilation phase loads and parses the input machine code or intermediate language program's binary file format. It should be able to discover basic facts about the input program, such as the architecture (Pentium, PowerPC, etc.) and the entry point. In many cases, it should be able to find the equivalent of the codice_1 function of a C program, which is the start of the user written code. This excludes the runtime initialization code, which should not be decompiled if possible. If available the symbol tables and debug data are also loaded. The front end may be able to identify the libraries used even if they are linked with the code, this will provide library interfaces. If it can determine the compiler or compilers used it may provide useful information in identifying code idioms.
Disassembly.
The next logical phase is the disassembly of machine code instructions into a machine independent intermediate representation (IR). For example, the Pentium machine instruction
might be translated to the IR
Idioms.
Idiomatic machine code sequences are sequences of code whose combined semantics is not immediately apparent from the instructions' individual semantics. Either as part of the disassembly phase, or as part of later analyses, these idiomatic sequences need to be translated into known equivalent IR. For example, the x86 assembly code:
could be translated to
Some idiomatic sequences are machine independent; some involve only one instruction. For example, codice_2 clears the codice_3 register (sets it to zero). This can be implemented with a machine independent simplification rule, such as codice_4.
In general, it is best to delay detection of idiomatic sequences if possible, to later stages that are less affected by instruction ordering. For example, the instruction scheduling phase of a compiler may insert other instructions into an idiomatic sequence, or change the ordering of instructions in the sequence. A pattern matching process in the disassembly phase would probably not recognize the altered pattern. Later phases group instruction expressions into more complex expressions, and modify them into a canonical (standardized) form, making it more likely that even the altered idiom will match a higher level pattern later in the decompilation.
It is particularly important to recognize the compiler idioms for subroutine calls, exception handling, and switch statements. Some languages also have extensive support for strings or long integers.
Program analysis.
Various program analyses can be applied to the IR. In particular, expression propagation combines the semantics of several instructions into more complex expressions. For example,
could result in the following IR after expression propagation:
The resulting expression is more like high level language, and has also eliminated the use of the machine register codice_3 . Later analyses may eliminate the codice_6 register.
Data flow analysis.
The places where register contents are defined and used must be traced using data flow analysis. The same analysis can be applied to locations that are used for temporaries and local data. A different name can then be formed for each such connected set of value definitions and uses. It is possible that the same local variable location was used for more than one variable in different parts of the original program. Even worse it is possible for the data flow analysis to identify a path whereby a value may flow between two such uses even though it would never actually happen or matter in reality. This may in bad cases lead to needing to define a location as a union of types. The decompiler may allow the user to explicitly break such unnatural dependencies which will lead to clearer code. This of course means a variable is potentially used without being initialized and so indicates a problem in the original program.
Type analysis.
A good machine code decompiler will perform type analysis. Here, the way registers or memory locations are used result in constraints on the possible type of the location. For example, an codice_7 instruction implies that the operand is an integer; programs do not use such an operation on floating point values (except in special library code) or on pointers. An codice_8 instruction results in three constraints, since the operands may be both integer, or one integer and one pointer (with integer and pointer results respectively; the third constraint comes from the ordering of the two operands when the types are different).
Various high level expressions can be recognized which trigger recognition of structures or arrays. However, it is difficult to distinguish many of the possibilities, because of the freedom that machine code or even some high level languages such as C allow with casts and pointer arithmetic.
The example from the previous section could result in the following high level code:
Structuring.
The penultimate decompilation phase involves structuring of the IR into higher level constructs such as codice_9 loops and codice_10 conditional statements. For example, the machine code
could be translated into:
Unstructured code is more difficult to translate into structured code than already structured code. Solutions include replicating some code, or adding boolean variables.
Code generation.
The final phase is the generation of the high level code in the back end of the decompiler. Just as a compiler may have several back ends for generating machine code for different architectures, a decompiler may have several back ends for generating high level code in different high level languages.
Just before code generation, it may be desirable to allow an interactive editing of the IR, perhaps using some form of graphical user interface. This would allow the user to enter comments, and non-generic variable and function names. However, these are almost as easily entered in a post decompilation edit. The user may want to change structural aspects, such as converting a codice_9 loop to a codice_12 loop. These are less readily modified with a simple text editor, although source code refactoring tools may assist with this process. The user may need to enter information that failed to be identified during the type analysis phase, e.g. modifying a memory expression to an array or structure expression. Finally, incorrect IR may need to be corrected, or changes made to cause the output code to be more readable.
Legality.
The majority of computer programs are covered by copyright laws. Although the precise scope of what is covered by copyright differs from region to region, copyright law generally provides the author (the programmer(s) or employer) with a collection of exclusive rights to the program. These rights include the right to make copies, including copies made into the computer's RAM.
Since the decompilation process involves making multiple such copies, it is generally prohibited without the authorization of the copyright holder. However, because decompilation is often a necessary step in achieving software interoperability, copyright laws in both the United States and Europe permit decompilation to a limited extent.
In the United States, the copyright fair use defense has been successfully invoked in decompilation cases. For example, in "Sega v. Accolade", the court held that Accolade could lawfully engage in decompilation in order to circumvent the software locking mechanism used by Sega's game consoles. Additionally, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (PUBLIC LAW 105–304) has proper exemptions for both Security Testing and Evaluation in §1205(i), and Reverse Engineering in §1205(f).
In Europe, the 1991 Software Directive explicitly provides for a right to decompile in order to achieve interoperability. The result of a heated debate between, on the one side, software protectionists, and, on the other, academics as well as independent software developers, Article 6 permits decompilation only if a number of conditions are met:
In addition, Article 6 prescribes that the information obtained through decompilation may not be used for other purposes and that it may not be given to others.
Overall, the decompilation right provided by Article 6 codifies what is claimed to be common practice in the software industry. Few European lawsuits are known to have emerged from the decompilation right. This could be interpreted as meaning either one of three things: 1) the decompilation right is not used frequently and the decompilation right may therefore have been unnecessary, 2) the decompilation right functions well and provides sufficient legal certainty not to give rise to legal disputes or 3) illegal decompilation goes largely undetected. In a recent report regarding implementation of the Software Directive by the European member states, the European Commission seems to support the second interpretation.

</doc>
<doc id="18938641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938641" title="Alışar, Azerbaijan">
Alışar, Azerbaijan

Alışar (also, Alyshar, Alishar, and Alisher) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,077. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938642" title="Enantiophanes">
Enantiophanes

Enantiophanes was a Byzantine jurist whose exact identity is uncertain. The period when the jurist lived who bears this name has also been a subject of much dispute among scholars. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938650" title="Arbatan, Nakhchivan">
Arbatan, Nakhchivan

Arbatan (also, Arbat) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 715. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938651" title="Tablature">
Tablature

Tablature (or tabulature, or tab for short) is a form of musical notation indicating instrument fingering rather than musical pitches.
Tablature is common for fretted stringed instruments such as the lute, vihuela, or guitar, as well as many free reed aerophones such as the harmonica. Tablature was common during the Renaissance and Baroque eras, and is commonly used in notating rock, pop, folk, ragtime, bluegrass, and blues music.
Three types of organ tablature were used in Europe: German, Spanish and Italian. There are several types of ocarina tabulature.
To distinguish standard musical notation from tablature, the former is usually called "staff notation" or just "notation".
An alternate usage of the word "tab" is common on the Internet, where it can also refer to conventional chord symbols (for harmony), or note names (for melody).
Tablature.
Etymology.
The word "tablature" originates from the Latin word "tabulatura". "Tabula" is a table or slate, in Latin. To tabulate something means to put it into a table or chart.
Origin.
The first known occurrence in Europe is around 1300, and was first used for notating music for the organ.
Concepts.
While standard notation represents the rhythm and duration of each note and its pitch relative to the scale based on a twelve tone division of the octave, tablature is instead operationally based, indicating where and when a finger should be placed to generate a note, so pitch is denoted implicitly rather than explicitly. Tablature for plucked strings is based upon a diagrammatic representation of the strings and frets of the instrument, keyboard tablature represents the keys of the instrument, and woodwind tablature shows whether each of the fingerholes is to be closed or left open.
Advantages and disadvantages compared to standard notation.
Tablature is more easily read by a novice musician but it has some significant deficiencies compared to standard notation.
Lute tablature.
Lowercase letters or "glyphs"are placed on each of these lines to represent notes. If it is required to play an open D course, for instance, a small "a" will be placed on the appropriate line. For a note with the finger on the first fret a "b", a note on the second fret a "c", etc. However, as mentioned above, "j" was not used since it was not considered a separate letter from "i", and "c" often looked more like "r". Thus:
would represent a G-minor chord,
All open strings would represent a D-minor chord:
The strings below the sixth course are notated with additional short ledger lines: glyphs are placed below the staff. These courses are tuned in accordance with the key of each piece played:
German lute tablature.
The origins of German lute tablature can be traced back well into the 15th century. Blind organist "Conrad Paumann" is said to have invented it. It was used in German-speaking countries until the end of the 16th century.
Computer programs for writing tablatures.
See List of guitar tablature software
Various computer programs are available for writing tablature; some also write lyrics, guitar chord diagrams, chord symbols, and/or staff notation. ASCII tab files can be written (somewhat laboriously) with any ordinary word processor or text editor.
Guitar tablature.
The following examples are labelled with letters on the left denoting the string names, with a lowercase "e" for the high E string. Tab lines may be numbered 1 through 6 instead, representing standard string numbering, where "1" is the high E string, "2" is the B string, etc.
The numbers that are written on the lines represent the fret used to obtain the desired pitch. For example, the number 3 written on the top line of the staff indicates that the player should press down at the third fret on the high E (first string). Number 0 denotes the nut — that is, an open string.
For chords, a letter above or below the tablature staff denotes the root note of the chord.
Examples of guitar tablature notation:
The chords E, F, and G:
Tablature can use various lines, arrows, and other symbols to denote bends, hammer-ons, trills, pull-offs, slides, and so on. These are the tablature symbols that represent various techniques, though these may vary:
Guitar tablature is not standardized and different sheet-music publishers adopt different conventions. Songbooks and guitar magazines usually include a legend setting out the convention in use.
The most common form of lute tablature uses the same concept but differs in the details (e.g., it uses letters rather than numbers for frets). See below.
When circles are used to indicate fingering, sounded notes are white, an assumed root is grey, and a sounded root is black.
Musette tablature.
The standard notation shown in the illustration is also taken from de Scellery; no explanation is given for the slur-like symbol; the comma , is explained as indicating a "tremblement", starting on the note above. No explanation is given for the unusual beaming or the significance (if any) of where note-length symbols are repeated.
Harmonica tablature.
For example, on a "C" diatonic instrument:
To indicate button-press on a chromatic instrument, a similar indication to first-level bending may be used.
The breath indicator may be placed right next to the hole number, or below the number. The same is true for bending or button-press indicators.
To indicate the beat, in the arrow system the length of the arrow may be varied. However, the more popular method is to use a slightly simplified rhythm-symbol notation, such as "o" for a semibreve, // for a minim, "/" for a crotchet, "." for quavers, and place them above the characters, while spacing them accordingly.
For chords, the numbers to play are shown, so, for example:
a C major (CEG) chord (on a C diatonic instrument): 456e
However, they may simplify it, especially when playing blues. For chords, it was common to just play three or two holes instead (sometimes even just one), especially when the instrument is not of the same key. For example, in the blues progression in G (G G G G7 C C G G D7 D7 G G) it is common to use a C diatonic instrument, and notate the following:
There are many harmonica tablature systems in use. The easiest tablature system works like this.
Diatonic Harmonica tablature
chords are shown by grouping notes with parentheses
(2 3) = blow the 2 hole and the 3 hole at the same time
Chromatic Harmonica tablature
Here is an example of harmonica tablature:
"Mack the Knife"
C Diatonic
Legal issues.
By early 2006, an unprecedented legal move was taken by the Music Publishers' Association (MPA), initiating legal action against tablature websites that hosted interpretations of songs and music. The MPA had been pushing for websites offering free tablatures to be shut down. MPA president Lauren Keiser said that their goal is for owners of free tablature services to face fines and even imprisonment. Several websites that offered free tablature have taken their tablature off-line until a solution or compromise is found. One of the proposed solutions is an alternative compensation system, which allows the widespread reproduction of digital copyrighted works while still paying songwriters and copyright owners. In addition, there are now a number of "legal" services offering guitar tablature that have been licensed by music publishers.
One site, MetalTabs.com, contacts the bands themselves for permission to post tablature. Few bands have declined the request.
The tablature debate was featured on NPR's "Morning Edition" in a segment entitled "Music Industry Goes after Guitar Tablature Websites" on August 7, 2006.
On April 10, 2010, Ultimate Guitar (UG), a Russia-based, free on-line tablature site, entered a licensing agreement with Harry Fox Agency. The agreement included rights for lyrics display, title search and tablature display with download and print capabilities. HFA’s over 44,000 represented publishers have the opportunity to opt into the licensing arrangement with UG.
Rise of legal guitar tablature sites.
In light of the legal questions surrounding user-created on-line guitar tablature, a number of companies have been formed that claim to offer consumers legal on-line tablature, which has been officially-licensed from songwriters and/or music publishers. These companies offering legal content generally fall into three categories:
Mxtabs.net.
Mxtabs.net had been closed down because of complaints from copyright holders. However, as of February 23, 2006, the owners of Mxtabs put the website back on-line with a letter explaining their position. In short, they believe that the purpose of Mxtabs is to "aid musicians in learning their instruments". They say that Mxtabs has accounted for as much as $3000 a month in sheet music sales, and offers many tablatures that do not have equivalent sheet music published, so Mxtabs and similar sites are the only place that musicians can find a way to play these songs (other than figuring the songs out for themselves). The letter concludes by pointing out that tablatures have never been proven to be illegal, then requesting that sheet-music companies contact Mxtabs in order to create a system of tablature licensing.
On February 29, 2008, MXTabs.net relaunched as the first legitimately licensed site designed to provide musicians with access to free tablatures, while also compensating music publishers and songwriters for their intellectual property. As with other user generated content sites, MXTabs.net users are encouraged to create, edit, rate, and review their own tablature interpretations of their favourite songs. However, unlike other user-generated content sites, only songs that have received explicit permission from participating copyright owners will be made available on-line.
Guitar Tab Universe.
On 17 July 2006, Guitar Tab Universe (GTU) posted a letter on its home page that its ISP had been jointly threatened with legal action by the National Music Publishers Association (NMPA) and the MPA "on the basis that sharing tablature constitutes copyright infringement".
In response, GTU's site owner(s) immediately created a website named Music Student and Teacher Organization (MuSATO) to attempt to reposition themselves from an illegal-copyrighted-materials provider to an "education provider". MuSATO's main objective is to use fair use as their rationale to publish tablature free of charge. By claiming to be an educational provider, they do not have to obtain publication rights nor pay royalties to the original composers. MuSATO claims to be educational by classifying users downloading tablatures as "music students" and transcribers as "music teachers".
GuitarTabs.com has been contacted by the NMPA and MPA with similar copyright infringement allegations. The NMPA and MPA have also threatened Guitar Tab Universe with similar legal action. A copy of the certified letter received by the site owner, along with a brief note similar to the one posted on Mxtabs, has been posted on their website.
OLGA.net.
The On-line Guitar Archive (OLGA)—OLGA.net is another tablature site that has been removed after receiving letters from lawyers representing the NMPA and the MPA.OLGA is currently offline while we attempt to resolve legal issues with the archive. We received a 'take down' letter (pages 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 & 6 ) from lawyers representing the NMPA and the MPA. We greatly appreciate your support and hope to return to providing resources to the aspiring guitarist as soon as possible. Contact rcwoods for more information. In the meantime, we recommend the usenet newsgroups rec.music.makers.guitar.tablature and alt.guitar.tab.</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="18938662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938662" title="Jam Sadiq Ali">
Jam Sadiq Ali

Jam Sadiq Ali () was a politician from Sindh, Pakistan. 
Jam Sadiq Ali belonged to the ruling dynasty of Samaa Ja'ams who ruled Sindh over two quarter centuries up to middle of 1700. 
Jam Sadiq Ali had ten children, one of whom died in September 2003. Jam Mashooq Ali, son of late Jam Sadiq Ali is a Sardar of the Sammo Jam tribe.
Jam Sadiq Ali was Chief Minister of Sindh from August 6, 1990 to March 5, 1992. During Benazir Bhutto 20-month Government, Mr. Sadiq Ali served as an adviser but eventually resigned because of differences. After Benazir Bhutto was forced to step down in August 1990 because of corruption charges, he was named Chief Minister of Sindh.
Jam Sadiq Ali died on March 5, 1992 and was buried at his ancestral graveyard in Goth Jam Nawaz Ali.

</doc>
<doc id="18938663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938663" title="Copyright law of the United States">
Copyright law of the United States

The Copyright Law of the United States intends to encourage the creation of art and culture by rewarding authors and artists with a set of exclusive rights. Federal Copyright law grants authors and artists the exclusive right to make and sell copies of their works, the right to create derivative works, and the right to perform or display their works publicly. These exclusive rights are subject to a time limit, and generally expire 70 years after the author's death.
US Copyright law is governed by the federal Copyright Act of 1976. The constitution explicitly grants Congress the power to create copyright law. Specifically, Congress has the power:
The United States Copyright Office handles copyright registration, recording of copyright transfers, and other administrative aspects of copyright law.
History.
Colonial era.
The British Statute of Anne did not apply to the American colonies, although some scholars have asserted otherwise. The colonies' economy was largely agrarian, hence copyright law was not a priority, resulting in only three private copyright acts being passed in America prior to 1783. Two of the acts were limited to seven years, the other was limited to a term of five years. In 1783 several authors' petitions persuaded the Continental Congress "that nothing is more properly a man's own than the fruit of his study, and that the protection and security of literary property would greatly tend to encourage genius and to promote useful discoveries." But under the Articles of Confederation, the Continental Congress had no authority to issue copyright, instead it passed a resolution encouraging the States to "secure to the authors or publishers of any new book not hitherto printed... the copy right of such books for a certain time not less than fourteen years from the first publication; and to secure to the said authors, if they shall survive the term first mentioned... the copy right of such books for another term of time no less than fourteen years." Three states had already enacted copyright statutes in 1783 prior to the Continental Congress resolution, and in the subsequent three years all of the remaining states except Delaware passed a copyright statute. Seven of the States followed the Statute of Anne and the Continental Congress' resolution by providing two fourteen-year terms. The five remaining States granted copyright for single terms of fourteen, twenty and twenty one years, with no right of renewal.
Copyright Clause of the Constitution.
At the Constitutional Convention 1787 both James Madison of Virginia and Charles C. Pinckney of South Carolina submitted proposals that would allow Congress the power to grant copyright for a limited time. These proposals are the origin of the Copyright Clause in the United States Constitution.
The US Constitution grants Congress the power to enact copyright laws in Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 (the Copyright Clause). The Copyright Clause states that congress shall have the power:
The Copyright Clause forms the basis for both U.S. copyright law ("Science", "Authors", "Writings") and patent law ("useful Arts", "Inventors", "Discoveries"), and requires that these exclusive rights expire ("for limited Times").
Early federal copyright law.
The Congress first exercised its copyright powers with the Copyright Act of 1790. This act granted authors the exclusive right to publish and vend "maps, charts and books" for a term of 14 years. This 14 year term was renewable for one additional 14 year term, if the author was alive at the end of the first time. With exception of the provision on maps and charts the Copyright Act of 1790 is copied almost verbatim from the Statute of Anne.
The 1790 Act did not regulate other kinds of writings, such as musical compositions or newspapers and specifically noted that it did not prohibit copying the works of foreign authors. The vast majority of writings were never registered — between 1790 and 1799, of approximately 13,000 titles published in the United States, only 556 works were registered.
Under the 1790 Act, federal copyright protection was only granted if the author met certain "statutory formalities." For example, authors were required to include a proper copyright notice. If formalities were not met, the work immediately entered into the public domain.
In 1834 the Supreme Court ruled in "Wheaton v. Peters" (a case similar to the British Donaldson v Beckett of 1774) that although the author of an unpublished work had a common law right to control the first publication of that work, the author did not have a common law right to control reproduction following the first publication of the work.
During the American Civil War, the law of the Confederate States on copyright was broadly the same as that of the existing Copyright Act of 1831; twenty-eight years with an extension for fourteen, with mandatory registration. This was passed into law by an act in May 1861, shortly after the outbreak of hostilities. A later amendment, in April 1863, provided that any copyright registered in the United States before secession, and held by a current Confederate citizen or resident, was legally valid within the Confederacy. Confederate copyrights were apparently honoured after the end of the war; when federal copyright records were transferred to the Library of Congress in 1870.
Pre-1976 dual state and federal copyright law.
Before the 1976 Copyright Act, copyright protection was provided by a dual system under both federal and state laws. Federal law provided "statutory copyright" and the laws of each state provided "common law copyright." Roughly speaking, the old "statutory copyright" protected works that were registered and the old "common-law copyright" protected unregistered works.
With the 1976 Copyright Act, Congress abolished the dual federal-and-state copyright system, replacing it with a single federal copyright system. Federal preemption is codified at , which states:
The preemption is complete insofar as works fall within the federal copyright statute. A work that falls generally within the subject matter of copyright (such as, a writing) must either qualify to be protected under federal law, or it cannot be protected at all. State law cannot provide protection for a work that federal law does not protect. It covers enforcement too. A person accused of copyright infringement cannot be prosecuted in state courts.
State copyright law is not preempted by non-protected works. For example, those that have "not been "fixed in any tangible medium of expression" are not covered." "Examples would include choreography that has never been filmed or notated, an extemporaneous speech, "original works of authorship" communicated solely through conversations or live broadcasts, a dramatic sketch or musical composition improvised or developed from memory and without being recorded or written down."
Major amendments to federal copyright law.
Since 1790, Congress has amended federal copyright law numerous times. Major amendments include:
Key international agreements affecting U.S. copyright law include:
The United States became a Berne Convention signatory in 1988. The Berne Convention entered into force in the U.S. a year later, on March 1, 1989. The U.S. is also a party to TRIPS, which itself requires compliance with Berne provisions, and is enforceable under the WTO dispute resolution process.
To meet the treaty requirements, copyright protection was extended to architecture (where previously only building plans were protected, not buildings themselves), and certain moral rights of visual artists.
Purpose of copyright.
The purpose of copyright law is "to promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries." Current copyright law has expanded coverage to include the idea of stimulating the creation of art, literature, architecture, music, and other works of authorship. Historically, the United States recognized no absolute, natural right in an author to prevent others from copying or otherwise exploiting his/her work, but court and legislative attitudes in this regard have rapidly changed since the 1970s.
Although copyright limits freedom of speech, it generally avoids giving rights in the idea being expressed, or in facts or other elements of the public domain which an author may incorporate into their work. Others are free to express the same idea as the author did, or use the same facts, as long as they do not copy the author's original way of expressing the ideas or facts. In addition, even those rights granted in the author's expression are limited in duration and are subject to certain exceptions permitting public use under limited circumstances.
As with many legal doctrines, the effectiveness of copyright law in achieving its stated purpose is a matter of debate.
Works subject to copyright law.
The United States copyright law protects "original works of authorship," including literary, dramatic, musical, artistic, and certain other intellectual works. This protection is available to both published and unpublished works.
Copyright law includes the following types of works:
Idea/expression dichotomy.
Copyright law protects the expression of an idea, but copyright does not protect the idea itself. This limitation is called the idea/expression dichotomy.
The distinction between "idea" and "expression" is fundamental, but not always clear. From the 1976 Copyright Act ():
A paper describing a political theory, for example, is copyrightable; it may not be reproduced without the author's permission. But the theory itself (which is an idea rather than a specific expression) is not copyrightable. Another author is free to describe the same theory in their own words without infringing on the original author's copyright. In fact, the second author does not even need to credit the original author (although failing to credit the source of an idea may be plagiarism, an ethical transgression).
For novels and films, there are no clear rules separating the story's ideas from the expression of those ideas. As Judge Learned Hand put it, 
Compilations of facts and the "sweat of the brow" doctrine.
Since facts are considered "ideas" or "discoveries", they are not copyrightable. However, compilations of facts are treated differently. The Copyright Act, , allows copyright protection for "compilations", as long as there is some "creative" or "original" act involved in developing the compilation, such as in the selection (deciding which facts to include or exclude), and arrangement (how facts are displayed and in what order). Copyright protection in compilations is limited to the selection and arrangement of facts, not to the facts themselves.
The Supreme Court decision in "Feist v. Rural" clarified the requirements for copyright in compilations. The Feist case denied copyright protection to a "white pages" phone book (a compilation of telephone numbers, listed alphabetically). In making this ruling, the Supreme Court rejected the "sweat of the brow" doctrine. That is, copyright protection requires creativity, and no amount of hard work ("sweat of the brow") can transform a non-creative list (like an alphabetical listing of phone numbers) into copyrightable subject matter. A mechanical, non-selective collection of facts ordered in a non-creative way cannot be protected by copyright.
Useful articles.
Copyright protects artistic expression. Copyright does not protect useful articles, or objects with some useful functionality. The Copyright Act states:
However, many industrial designers create works that are both artistic and functional. Under these circumstances, Copyright Law only protects the artistic expression of such a work, and only to the extent that the artistic expression can be separated from its utilitarian function (what courts call "conceptual separability"). If the aesthetic aspects cannot be separated from the functional aspects, copyright protection is not available.
It can be difficult to gauge whether the artistic aspects of a work can be separated from its useful aspects. Courts often rely on the "Denicola" test, which asks whether the artistic design was significantly influenced by functional considerations. If so, copyrightability depends on the extent to which the work reflects the artistic expression inhibited by functional considerations. As discussed by Judge Oakes:
Definition of "copy".
Several important rights exist under the United States copyright law only for "copies" of works — material objects in which the work is embodied. Section 106(1) prohibits the "reproduction" only of copies of works, and section 106(3) prohibits the "distribution" only of copies of works. Thus, as the Ninth Circuit held in "Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon.com, Inc.", a link (even a deep link or inline link) to an image does not involve reproduction of a copy of the image by the person on whose web page the link appears. An instruction to a browser to jump to an URL is not a reproduction or distribution of a copy of what is at the referenced URL.
Furthermore, a three-dimensional counterpart of a two-dimensional drawing is usually not a "copy" of the drawing. Thus, the copyright of a drawing of the approach to the Triboro Bridge is not infringed when the bridge approach is built. On the other hand, because the essence of what is protected in a cartoon is captured by a doll depicting the cartoon figure, courts have repeatedly held unauthorized dolls to infringe the copyright of the underlying cartoons.
Works by the federal government.
The intent of the section is to place in the public domain all work of the United States Government, which is defined in as work prepared by an officer or employee of the United States Government as part of that person's official duties. In most cases, contractors are not employees.
The government may restrict access to works it has produced through other mechanisms. For instance, confidential or secret materials are not protected by copyright, but are restricted by other applicable laws. However, even in case of non-secret materials there are specific prohibitions against automatic access to work otherwise covered under for commercial purposes.
Federal and state laws are not copyrighted.
Federal statutes are in the public domain and no copyright attaches to them. The same is true of court decisions. It is not difficult to see the motivations behind this:
In the United States the exclusion of legislation from the scope of copyright laws dates to 1834, when the Supreme Court interpreted the first federal copyright laws and held that "no reporter has or can have any copyright in the written opinions delivered by this Court". In the same case it was argued – and accepted by the Court – that "it would be absurd, for a legislature to claim the copyright; and no one else can do it, for they are the authors, and cause them to be published without copyright … Statutes were never copyrighted." Further, "it is the bounden duty of government to promulgate its statutes in print". "ll countries ... subject to the sovereignty of the laws" hold the promulgation of the laws, from whatever source, "as essential as their existence." "If either statutes or decisions could be made private property, it would be in the power of an individual to shut out the light by which we guide our actions." ("Wheaton v. Peters", 33 US (8 Pet) 591, 668 (1834))
That the public interest is the primary determinant is clear from "Banks v. Manchester", 128 US 244, 9 S Ct 36 (1888). In this the United States Supreme Court denied a copyright to a court reporter in opinions of the Ohio Supreme Court, on the grounds that "There has always been a judicial consensus, from the time of the decision in the case of "Wheaton v. Peters", that no copyright could, under the statutes passed by Congress, be secured in the products of the labor done by judicial officers in the discharge of their judicial duties. The whole work done by the judges constitutes the authentic exposition and interpretation of the law, which, binding every citizen, is free for publication to all, whether it is a declaration of unwritten law, or an interpretation of a constitution or statute."
The law, as thus (widely) defined, is in the public domain, and therefore not amenable to copyright. In "Howell v. Miller", 91 F 129 (1898), Justice Harlan denied an injunction sought for the compiler of Michigan statutes, holding that "no one can obtain the exclusive right to publish the laws of the state in a book prepared by him." The question of formal ownership of the text of laws and decisions is perhaps secondary to the question of the dissemination of the law.
An interesting situation arises when a governing body adopts copyrighted works to serve as legal standards. For example, in "Veeck v. Southern Building Code Congress Int'l", 293 F.3d 791 (5th Cir. 2002), the court determined that once the copyrighted model building codes of the plaintiff had been adopted into law by a municipality, its copyright protections were outweighed by the policies favoring unfettered access by members of the public to republish the laws in any manner they see fit. However, "Veeck" recognized a distinction between verbatim recitations of copyrighted materials in the law itself, as opposed to mere references in the law which point to copyrighted materials. For example, the 9th Circuit Court of appeals held that a law that instructs physicians to adopt copyrighted standards developed by the American Medical Association to assign codes to medical procedures does not place the copyrighted work in the public domain. "Practice Management Info. Corp. v. American Medical Ass'n", 121 F.3d 516 (9th Cir. 1997), opinion amended by 133 F.3d 1140 (9th Cir. 1998). These two holdings are not capable of being reconciled, despite the distinguishing facts in each case, since it is apparent that even when a law requires compliance with a copyrighted standard by mere reference, it is no less "the law."
The "Colorado Revised Statutes" (C.R.S.) are the codified statutory law of Colorado. The Colorado General Assembly has claimed copyright protection of the C.R.S. under the aegis of the Committee on Legal Services since 1970. The assertion has been called "one of the most aggressive state government uses of copyright". Beginning in 1989, West Publishing began its own distribution, challenging the copyright claim was an impermissible copyright of the public domain and was unconstitutional as a violation of due process, freedom of speech, and prior restraint prohibitions. West settled with the state after the law was changed in 1990 to allow access to the legislative database for a very large fee. , the statutory database can be purchased with the annotations or editorial notes for $6,000 per year, or for $2,000 per year without the annotations or editorial notes.
Exclusive rights.
There are six basic rights protected by copyright, sometimes called the six "pillars" of copyright. The owner of copyright has the exclusive right to do and to authorize others to do the following:
A violation of any of the exclusive rights of the copyright holder is said to be a copyright infringement.
First owner of copyright.
The author of a work is the initial owner of the copyright in it, and may exploit the work themselves or transfer some or all the rights conferred by the copyright to others. The author generally is the person who conceives of the copyrightable expression and fixes it or causes it to be fixed in a tangible form. Exceptions and special cases in determining the author are:
Transfers and licenses.
Three types of transfers exist for copyrighted works.
The first two, assignment and exclusive licenses, require the transfer to be in writing. Nonexclusive licenses need not be in writing and they may be implied by the circumstances. Transfers of copyright always involve one or more of the "exclusive rights" of copyright. For instance, a license may provide a right to perform a work, but not to reproduce it or to prepare a derivative work (adaptation right).
The terms of the license is governed by the applicable contract law, however there is substantial academic debate about to what extent the Copyright Act preempts state contract law principles.
An author, after transferring a copyright, can terminate the transfer under certain circumstances. This right to terminate the transfer is absolute and cannot be waived.
Registration procedure.
While copyright in the United States automatically attaches upon the creation of an original work of authorship, registration with the Copyright Office puts a copyright holder in a better position if litigation arises over the copyright. A copyright holder desiring to register his or her copyright should do the following:
Registration of copyright refers to the act of registering the work with the United States Copyright Office, which is an office of the Library of Congress. As the United States has joined the Berne Convention, registration is no longer necessary to provide copyright protection. However, registration is still necessary to obtain statutory damages in case of infringement.
Copyright Act § 407 provides that the owner of copyright in a published or unpublished work may, at any time during the copyright, register the work with the Copyright Office. The purpose of the registration provisions is to create as comprehensive a record of U.S. copyright claims as is possible. To register, the registrant must complete an application form and send it, along with the filing fee and copies or phonorecords of the work, to the Copyright Office.
The Copyright Office reviews applications for obvious errors or lack of copyrightable subject matter, and then issues a certificate of registration.
Registration as a prerequisite to claim of moral rights violation: it's not necessary for any author to register prior to bringing suit for violation of the rights of attribution or integrity in a work of visual art, pursuant to Copyright Act § 106A.
Deposit requirement.
The United States Copyright Office requires that applicants for registration must deposit with that office copies of the work for which protection is sought. This requirement serves two purposes. First, if an action arises from the infringement of the work, the owner may prove that the material that is infringed is exactly the same material for which the owner has secured a registration. Second, this requirement assists the Library of Congress in building its collection of works.
The Copyright Office has authority to make some exceptions to this rule by regulation, and has done so. Failure to comply with the deposit requirement, as modified by Copyright Office regulations, is punishable by fine, but does not result in forfeiture of copyright.
Deposits can be made electronically through the eCO Online System.
Copyright notices.
Prior to 1989, use of a copyright notice — consisting of the copyright symbol (, the letter C inside a circle), the abbreviation "Copr.", or the word "Copyright", followed by the year of the first publication of the work and the name of the copyright holder — was part of United States statutory requirements. Several years may be noted if the work has gone through substantial revisions. The proper copyright notice for sound recordings of musical or other audio works is a sound recording copyright symbol (, the letter P inside a circle), which indicates a sound recording copyright. Similarly, the phrase "All rights reserved" was once required to assert copyright.
In 1989, the U.S. enacted the Berne Convention Implementation Act, amending the 1976 Copyright Act to conform to most of the provisions of the Berne Convention. As a result, the use of copyright notices has become optional to claim copyright, because the Berne Convention makes copyright automatic. However, the lack of notice of copyright using these marks may have consequences in terms of reduced damages in an infringement lawsuit — using notices of this form may reduce the likelihood of a defense of "innocent infringement" being successful.
Duration of copyright.
Works created in or after 1978 are extended copyright protection for a term defined in . With the passage of the Sonny Bono Copyright Term Extension Act, these works are granted copyright protection for a term ending 70 years after the death of the author. If the work was a work for hire (e.g., those created by a corporation) then copyright persists for 120 years after creation or 95 years after publication, whichever is shorter.
The § 302 term above also applies to works created before 1978 that were not yet published or registered prior to 1978, with the exception that such copyrights would not expire before 2003. Prior to 1978, works had to be published or registered to receive copyright protection. Upon the effective date of the 1976 Act (January 1, 1978) this requirement was removed and these works received protection despite having not been published or registered. However, Congress intended to provide an incentive for these authors to publish their unpublished works. To provide that incentive, these works, if published before 2003, will not have their protection expire before 2048.
Works published or registered before 1978 currently have a maximum copyright duration of 95 years from the date of publication, if copyright was renewed during the 28th year following publication (such renewal was made automatic by the Copyright Renewal Act of 1992; prior to this the copyright would expire after 28 years if not renewed). The date of death of the author is not a factor in the copyright term of such works.
All copyrightable works published in the United States before 1923 are in the public domain; works created before 1978 but not published until recently may be protected until 2047. For works that received their copyright before 1978, a renewal had to be filed in the work's 28th year with the Library of Congress Copyright Office for its term of protection to be extended. The need for renewal was eliminated by the Copyright Renewal Act of 1992, but works that had already entered the public domain by non-renewal did not regain copyright protection. Therefore, works published before 1964 that were not renewed are in the public domain. With rare exceptions (such as very old works first published after 2002), no additional copyrights will expire (thus entering the public domain) until at least 2019 due to changes in the applicable laws.
Before 1972, sound recordings were not subject to federal copyright, but copying was nonetheless regulated under various state torts and statutes, some of which had no duration limit. The Sound Recording Amendment of 1971 extended federal copyright to recordings fixed on or after February 15, 1972 (the effective date of the act), and declared that recordings fixed before that date would remain subject to state or common law copyright. The Copyright Act of 1976 maintained this until February 15, 2047, which was subsequently extended by the Sonny Bono Copyright Term Extension Act to the same date in 2067. As a result, no sound recording can reliably be considered in the public domain in the United States before that date, even if the recording was in existence before 1923 and even if it originated in another country where it has entered the public domain.
In 2010, the US Copyright Office asked for opinions about bringing pre-1972 recorded music masters under Federal Law protection.
Copyright limitations, exceptions, and defenses.
US copyright law includes numerous defenses, exceptions, and limitations.
Some of the most important include:
Parodies.
Although a parody can be considered a derivative work under United States Copyright Law, and thus within the exclusive rights of the copyright owner, it may qualify for the "fair use" exception to the exclusive rights, which is codified at . Parodic works are not automatically fair use of the material parodied, however. The Supreme Court of the United States stated that parody (transformative) "is the use of some elements of a prior author's composition to create a new one that, at least in part, comments on that author's works." That commentary function provides some justification for use of the older work; in contrast, a satire (exaggerated) (which is not targeted at the work borrowed from) does not require use of the original work to make its point. (See "Campbell v. Acuff-Rose Music, Inc.")
Provisions for the handicapped.
The Copyright Act, in 17 USC 121 and 17 USC 110(8), includes specific statutory exceptions for reproduction of material for the blind or other persons with disabilities. Section 121 (the "Chafee Amendment") permits the reproduction of copyright works in Braille, audio, electronic, Web-Braille, or other necessary formats. For instance, the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped (NLS) administers a program under Section 121, and the HathiTrust Digital Library also relies on Section 121 in providing access to disabled users.
Infringement.
Infringement is defined in . Infringement requires
If a work is not protectable it cannot be infringed upon. For instance, spoken conversations that are unrecorded ("fixed in a tangible medium of expression") are not protectable. Similarly, if two individuals both create a story that by pure coincidence is nearly identical, but each without knowledge of the other, there is no infringement since there is no copying. Typically this is referred to as the defense of independent creation; however, technically this is not a defense since without copying there is not an infringement to begin with. Even if a defendant copied protected works that act might be permissible under one of the defenses or limitations. Fair use is one such defense. Quoting from a book in a review might be a copying of protected material, however this copying may well be permissible under .
Subject matter jurisdiction.
The United States district courts have exclusive subject-matter jurisdiction over copyright infringement cases.
Government infringement.
The U.S. government, its agencies and officials, and corporations owned or controlled by it, are subject to suit for copyright infringement. All infringement claims against the U.S. that did not arise in a foreign country must be filed with the United States Court of Federal Claims within three years of the infringing action. Claims filed in the wrong court are dismissed for lack of subject-matter jurisdiction. The government and its agencies are also authorized to settle the infringement claims out of court.
Relief available for infringement.
A copyright owner whose exclusive rights have been infringed may pursue relief. There is no "copyright police" that enforces copyright without the copyright owner taking action. For example, the FBI investigates cases of criminal infringement (mostly audio and video products), but even then, it does not do so on its own, only on cases where a complaint is received from the copyright holder. The FBI has its own guidelines on which cases to investigate.
Ownership of copyright.
US law requires a copyright holder to establish ownership of a valid copyright and the copying of constituent elements of the work that are original. Assuming the plaintiff proves ownership of a valid copyright, the holder must then establish both actual copying and improper appropriation of the work. The burden lies with the plaintiff to establish these three elements in what is known as the "prima facie" case for infringement. Copyright owners are required to actively enforce rights.
A plaintiff establishes ownership by authorship (by the plaintiff itself or by one who assigned rights to the plaintiff) of (1) an "original" work of authorship that is (2) fixed in a tangible medium (e.g. a book or musical recording). Registration is not required for copyright itself, but in most cases is a jurisdictional requirement to bring the suit. Registration is also useful because it gives rise to the presumption of a valid copyright, and eliminates the innocent infringement defense, and (if timely made) it allows the plaintiff to elect statutory damages, and to be eligible for a possible award of attorney fees.
Works that are not sufficiently original, or which constitute facts, a method or process cannot enjoy copy protection. U.S. Courts do not recognize the "sweat of the brow" doctrine, which originally allowed protection for those who labored to collect and organize facts. To combat this, business which assemble databases of information have relied on contract law where copyright law offers no protection. For a work to be original, it must possess a "modicum of creativity", which is a "low threshold" although some creativity must exist.
Copyright protects the fixed "expression" of ideas, but not the ideas themselves. Nevertheless, an expression must exist in a fixed tangible medium. A movie script writer who discusses a plot idea which has not yet been written would not be protected if another heard his idea and wrote a screenplay themselves. Whether RAM constitutes a "fixed medium" is a contentious issue in copyright litigation because of the transitory nature of RAM.
A plaintiff establishes actual copying with direct or indirect evidence. Direct evidence is satisfied either by a defendant's admission to copying or the testimony of witnesses who observed the defendant in the act. More commonly, a plaintiff relies on circumstantial or indirect evidence. A court will infer copying by a showing of a "striking similarity" between the copyrighted work and the alleged copy, along with a showing of both access and use of that access. A plaintiff may establish access by proof of distribution over a large geographical area, or by eyewitness testimony that the defendant owned a copy of the protected work. Access alone is not sufficient to establish infringement. The plaintiff must show a similarity between the two works, and the degree of similarity will affect the probability that illicit copying in fact occurred in the court's eyes. Even then, the plaintiff must show that the copying amounted to improper appropriation. Indeed, the US Supreme Court has held that not all copying constitutes infringement and a showing of misappropriation is necessary.
Misappropriation.
A copyrighted work may contain elements which are not copyrightable, such as facts, ideas, themes, or content in the public domain. A plaintiff alleging misappropriation must first demonstrate that what the defendant appropriated from the copyrighted work was protectible. Second, a plaintiff must show that the intended audience will recognize substantial similarities between the two works. The intended audience may be the general public, or a specialized field. The degree of similarity necessary for a court to find misappropriation is not easily defined. Indeed, "the test for infringement of a copyright is of necessity vague." Two methods are used to determine if unlawful appropriation has occurred: the subtractive method and the totality method.
The subtractive method, also known as the "abstraction/subtraction approach" seeks to analyze what parts of a copyrighted work are protectible and which are not. The unprotected elements are "subtracted" and the fact finder then determines whether substantial similarities exist in the protectible expression which remains. For instance, if the copyright holder for "West Side Story" alleged infringement, the elements of that musical borrowed from "Romeo and Juliet" would be subtracted before comparing it to the allegedly infringing work because "Romeo and Juliet" exists in the public domain.
The totality method, also known as the "total concept and feel" approach takes the work as a whole with all elements included when determining if a substantial similarity exists.
This was first formulated in "Roth Greeting Cards v. United Card Co" (1970). 
The individual elements of the alleged infringing work may by themselves be substantially different from their corresponding part in the copyrighted work, but nevertheless taken together be a clear misappropriation of copyrightable material.
Modern courts may sometimes use both methods in its analysis of misappropriation. In other instances, one method may find misappropriation while the other would not, making misappropriation a contentious topic in infringement litigation.
Civil remedies.
Barring investigation by law enforcement, therefore, a copyright holder must file a lawsuit in federal court to pursue his or her remedies. These remedies fall into two general categories: Injunctions and damages.
Injunctions: Copyright Act § 502 authorizes courts to grant both preliminary and permanent injunctions against copyright infringement and against violations of the author's rights of attribution and integrity in works of visual art. There are also provisions for impounding allegedly infringing copies, phonorecords, and other materials used to infringe, and for their ultimate destruction upon a final judgment of infringement.
Damages and/or profits: Section § 504 of the 1976 Act gives the copyright owner/author a choice of recovering: (1) their actual damages and any additional profits of the defendant; or (2) statutory damages.
Equitable relief.
Both temporary and permanent injunctions are available to prevent or restrain infringement of a copyright. 
Where the infringer is the government, however, injunctions are not available and the copyright holder can only seek monetary damages.
One form of equitable relief that is available in copyright cases is a seizure order. At any time during the lawsuit, the court may order the impoundment of any and all copies of the infringing products. The seizure order may include materials used to produce such copies, such as master tapes, film negatives, printing plates, etc. Items that are impounded during the course of the lawsuit can, if the plaintiff wins, be ordered destroyed as part of the final decree.
Monetary damages.
A copyright holder can also seek monetary damages. Injunctions and damages are not mutually exclusive. One can have injunctions and no damages, or damages and no injunctions, or both injunctions and damages. There are two types of damages: actual damages and profits, or statutory damages.
United States law permits both equitable (injunction) and monetary damages. The copyright owner may recover the profits he or she would have earned absent the infringement (actual damages) and any profits the infringer might have made as a result of the infringement but that are not already considered in calculating actual damages. In addition, under certain conditions, the infringing goods may be impounded and destroyed, and the copyright owner's costs and reasonable attorney's fees may also be part of the remedies awarded by the court. To recover actual damages, the plaintiff or, more often, a suitable expert witness, must prove to the court that, in the absence of the infringement, the copyright owner would have been able to make additional sales, perhaps been able to charge higher prices on all sales of the infringed work, and that this would have resulted in profits given the owner's cost structure. In some cases, the copyright owner may not have commercially exploited the infringed work, but the infringer may have profited from it. In these circumstances, the copyright owner can recover those profits. 
Alternatively and at the copyright owner's election, if the work's copyright was registered within three months of publication or before the infringement, an infringer can be liable for statutory damages. Statutory damages can be awarded by the court within the range of $750 to $30,000, but this can be lowered if the infringement is deemed inadvertent, or increased significantly if the infringement is willful.
Statutory damages are available as an alternative to actual damages and profits. This is sometimes preferable if actual damages and profits are either too small, or too difficult to prove, or both. There are, however, situations where statutory damages are not available. provides:
Statutory damages are calculated per work infringed. Statutory damages range from a few hundred dollars to hundreds of thousands: 
Damages in copyright cases can be very high. In "Lowry's Reports, Inc. v. Legg Mason Inc.", a 2003 lawsuit between a publisher of stock analysis newsletters against a company that buys one copy of the newsletters and makes multiple copies for use in-house, the jury awarded damages – actual damages for some newsletters and statutory damages for other newsletters – totaling $20 million.
During the course of the lawsuit, the copyright holder can ask the court for both, in the alternative. However, at the end of the case, they are mutually exclusive: Only one can be awarded and not the other.
Attorney's fees.
Cost and attorney fees: Copyright Act § 505 permits courts, in their discretion, to award costs against either party and to award reasonable attorney fees to the prevailing party.
The court may (but is not required to) award to the "prevailing party" reasonable attorney's fees. This applies to both the winning plaintiff (rightsholder) and the winning defendant (accused infringer). However, attorney's fees award is not available against the government. Like statutory damages, attorney's fees are not available if the work infringed is not registered at the time of infringement.
Criminal penalties.
In addition to the civil remedies, the Copyright Act provides for criminal prosecution in some cases of willful copyright infringement. There are also criminal sanctions for fraudulent copyright notice, fraudulent removal of copyright notice, and false representations in applications for copyright registration. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act imposes criminal sanctions for certain acts of circumvention and interference with copyright management information. There are not criminal sanctions for violating the rights of attribution and integrity held by the author of a work of visual art.
Criminal penalties for copyright infringement include:
Nonprofit libraries, archives, education institutions and public broadcasting entities are exempt from criminal prosecution.
Felony penalties for first offenses begin at seven copies for audiovisual works, and one hundred copies for sound recordings.
Public domain.
Works are in the public domain if they are not covered by intellectual property rights, such as copyright, at all, or if the intellectual property rights to the works has expired. A number of times Congress has re-instated lapsed copyrights: "After World War I and after World War II, there were special amendments to the Copyright Act to permit for a limited time and under certain conditions the recapture of works that might have fallen into the public domain, principally by aliens of countries with which we had been at war." Works published with notice of copyright or registered in unpublished form in the years 1964 through 1977 automatically had their copyrights renewed for a second term. Works published with notice of copyright or registered in unpublished form on or after January 1, 1923, and prior to January 1, 1964, had to be renewed during the 28th year of their first term of copyright to maintain copyright for a full 95-year term. With the exception of maps, music, and movies, the vast majority of works published in the United States before 1964 were never renewed for a second copyright term.
Works "prepared by an officer or employee of the U.S. government as part of that person's official duties" are automatically in the public domain by law. Examples include military journalism, federal court opinions (but not necessarily state court opinions), congressional committee reports, and census data. However, works created by a contractor for the government are still subject to copyright. Even public domain documents may have their availability limited by laws limiting the spread of classified information.
The claim that "pre-1923 works are in the public domain" is correct only for published works; unpublished works are under federal copyright for at least the life of the author plus 70 years. For a work made for hire, the copyright in a work created before 1978, but not theretofore in the public domain or registered for copyright, subsists from January 1, 1978, and endures for a term of 95 years from the year of its first publication, or a term of 120 years from the year of its creation, whichever expires first. If the work was created before 1978 but first published 1978–2002, the federal copyright will not expire before 2047.
Until the Berne Convention Implementation Act of 1988, the lack of a proper copyright notice would place an otherwise copyrightable work into the public domain, although for works published between January 1, 1978 and February 28, 1989, this could be prevented by registering the work with the Library of Congress within five years of publication. After March 1, 1989, an author's copyright in a work begins when it is fixed in a tangible form; neither publication nor registration is required, and a lack of a copyright notice does not place the work into the public domain.
Examples.
In the United States, the images of Frank Capra's film "It's a Wonderful Life" (1946) entered into the public domain in 1974, because the copyright holder failed to file a renewal application with the Copyright Office during the 28th year after the film's release or publication. However in 1993, Republic Pictures utilized the 1990 United States Supreme Court ruling in "Stewart v. Abend" to enforce its claim of copyright because the film was a derivative work of a short story that was under a separate, existing copyright, to which Republic owned the film adaptation rights, effectively regaining control of the work in its complete form.
Charles Chaplin re-edited and scored his 1925 film "The Gold Rush" for reissue in 1942. Subsequently, the 1925 version fell into the public domain when Chaplin's company failed to renew its copyright in 1953, although the 1942 version is still under US copyright.
The distributor of the cult film "Night of the Living Dead", after changing the film's title at the last moment before release in 1968, failed to include a proper copyright notice in the new titles, thereby immediately putting the film into the public domain after its release. This provision of US copyright law was revised with the United States Copyright Act of 1976, which allowed such negligence to be remedied within five years of publication.
Orphan works.
The "orphan works" problem arose in the United States with the enactment of the Copyright Act of 1976, which eliminated the need to register copyrighted works, instead declaring that all "original works of authorship fixed in any tangible medium of expression" fall into copyright status. The elimination of registration also eliminated a central recording location to track and identify copyright-holders. Consequently, potential users of copyrighted works, e.g., filmmakers or biographers, must assume that many works they might use are copyrighted. Where the planned use would not be otherwise permitted by law (for example, by fair use), they must themselves individually investigate the copyright status of each work they plan to use. With no central database of copyright-holders, identifying and contacting copyright-holders can sometimes be difficult; those works that fall into this category may be considered "orphaned".
Ashcan copy.
Numerous comic books and some films have been made purely to satisfy copyright laws, never being intended for actual release. These are known as ashcan copies.

</doc>
<doc id="18938664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938664" title="Saint-Amable, Quebec">
Saint-Amable, Quebec

Saint-Amable is a town 38.1 kilometers east of Montreal in southwestern Quebec, Canada, within the Marguerite-D'Youville Regional County Municipality. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 10,870.
History.
The municipality, founded on 21 June 1921, is named after Amable de Riom, a popular saint from the period of New France (1534-1763).
Demographics.
Population.
Population trend:
Language.
Mother tongue language (2006)
Economy.
Within the fertile area between the St. Lawrence and Richelieu rivers, Saint-Amable has agriculture as its main economic activity.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18938674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938674" title="Blanche Brillon Macdonald">
Blanche Brillon Macdonald

Blanche Brillon Macdonald (11 May 1931 - 8 June 1985) was a Canadian Métis born in Faust, Alberta of French and First Nations heritage. She launched her career as the winner of Miss English Bay in 1949 before becoming involved in the support of the rights and culture of Aboriginal peoples as well as numerous women's organizations.
Blanche was a business woman at a time and place in history when the climate for women in business was not favourable. She became involved in the First Nations women's movement, eventually initiating a journalism program for Native students as well as a newspaper catering towards First Nation communities across British Columbia. For her work, she was honored with a Women of Distinction Award from the YWCA for business and entrepreneurship as well as for her role as the Chief Executive Officer of the Native Communications Society of B.C. She was a board member for the Better Business Bureau (BBB), the Modelling Association of America, the New Play Centre, and the Lakeside Advisory Board for Women.
Blanche developed the Blanche Macdonald Institute, a modeling agency and school of fashion in Vancouver, BC. Her career and self-development programs were founded on the philosophy of encouraging people to aspire to their highest potential through personal development. After her death in 1985, the institute was purchased by Lillian Lim who further developed the school and eventually renamed the institute the Blanche Macdonald Centre in the late 90's. Today, Blanche Macdonald Centre is a private college that provide careers in fashion, hairstyling, aesthetics/spa and nail. The college has two campuses, the original campus is located in City Square Mall and the other on Robson Street both in the city of Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="18938676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938676" title="Roberto Leal Monteiro">
Roberto Leal Monteiro

General Roberto Leal Monteiro, nicknamed Ngongo, is Home Affairs Minister of Angola, a top governmental position in that country. He is — along with fellow "top generals" Francisco Higino Carneiro, João Maria de Sousa, Hélder Vieira Dias, and Kundi Paihama — one of the military leaders holding top ministerial posts for the Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola, the political party that has ruled Angola since it gained its independence from Portugal in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18938677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938677" title="Aznabyurt">
Aznabyurt

Aznabyurt (also, Aznabirt and Aznaburt) is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan. Originally, the Armenian village of Znaberd that remained Armenian until 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18938679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938679" title="Yablanski House">
Yablanski House

The Yablanski House (, "kashta na Yablanski") is a Neo-Baroque house in Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria, situated at 18 Tsar Osvoboditel Boulevard in the city centre and regarded as one of the highest achievements of the city's architecture in the first decade of the 20th century. Although the building was proclaimed a monument of culture in 1955, as of 2008 it is uninhabited and in a bad condition due to mismanagement.
The Yablanski House was built in 1906-1907 to the designs of Austro-Hungarian architect Friedrich Grünanger (1856–1929) on the order of the wealthy financier and former mayor of Sofia Dimitar Yablanski (1859–1924). The exterior decoration was the work of the royal decorator of the Bulgarian Royal Family, Andreas Greis. Architecturally, the house was designed in the Baroque style with some Renaissance elements, with the interior stucco done in the Rococo style. The mansard floor is an important feature of the house's artistic design, together with the balcony railings of wrought iron and the several female sculptures. The furniture and the materials were specially supplied from Vienna. The house's architecture draws heavily from an earlier work of Grünanger's, the Royal Palace in Sofia. Notably, the architect's home in Salzburg, where he later moved and subsequently died, is almost identical to the Yablanski House.
After the Bulgarian coup d'état of 1944 and the establishment of a Communist government, the house was nationalized and used as the embassy of the People's Republic of China until 1991. After 1991, it was given back to the heirs of Yablanski who proceeded to sell it to First Private Bank. In 1996, the bank went bankrupt and the Yablanski House changed numerous owners. In the early 2000s, it was owned by Draft EOOD, who intended to build at 46-metre building at its place, a project halted by the Capital Municipal Council.
In 2006, the Yablanski House was included in the list of collapsing buildings; despite the efforts of the Capital Municipal Council, its owners have not undertaken its restoration. As of June 2009, the house is being reconstructed and is to be made into a restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="18938683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938683" title="GNU General Public License">
GNU General Public License

The GNU General Public License (GNU GPL or GPL) is the most widely used free software license, which guarantees end users (individuals, organizations, companies) the freedoms to use, study, share (copy), and modify the software. Software that allows these rights is called free software. The license was originally written by Richard Stallman of the Free Software Foundation (FSF) for the GNU project.
The GPL grants the recipients of a computer program the rights of the Free Software Definition and uses copyleft to ensure the freedoms are preserved whenever the work is distributed, even when the work is changed or added to. The GPL is a copyleft license, which means that derived works can only be distributed under the same license terms. This is in distinction to permissive free software licenses, of which the BSD licenses are the standard examples. GPL was the first copyleft license for general use.
As of August 2007, the GPL accounted for nearly 65% of the 43,442 free software projects listed on Freecode, and , about 68% of the projects listed on SourceForge.net. Similarly, a 2001 survey of Red Hat Linux 7.1 found that 50% of the source code was licensed under the GPL and a 1997 survey of MetaLab, then the largest free software archive, showed that the GPL accounted for about half of the software licensed therein. Prominent free software programs licensed under the GPL include the Linux kernel and the GNU Compiler Collection (GCC). Some other free software programs (MySQL is a prominent example) are dual-licensed under multiple licenses, often with one of the licenses being the GPL.
It is believed that the copyleft provided by the GPL was crucial to the success of Linux-based systems, giving the programmers who contributed to the kernel the assurance that their work would benefit the whole world and remain free, rather than being exploited by software companies that would not have to give anything back to the community.
On 29 June 2007, the third version of the license (GNU GPLv3) was released to address some perceived problems with the second version (GNU GPLv2) that were discovered during its long-time usage. To keep the license up to date the GPL license includes an optional "any later version" clause, allowing users to choose between the original terms or the terms in new versions as updated by the FSF. Developers can omit it when licensing their software; for instance the Linux kernel is licensed under GPLv2 without the "any later version" clause.
History.
The GPL was written by Richard Stallman in 1989 for use with programs released as part of the GNU project. The original GPL was based on a unification of similar licenses used for early versions of GNU Emacs, the GNU Debugger and the GNU C Compiler. These licenses contained similar provisions to the modern GPL, but were specific to each program, rendering them incompatible, despite being the same license. Stallman's goal was to produce one license that could be used for any project, thus making it possible for many projects to share code.
The second version of the license, version 2, was released in 1991. Over the following 15 years, members of the FOSS (Free and Open Source Software) community became concerned over problems in the GPLv2 license which allowed GPL-licensed software to be exploited in ways that were contrary to the intentions of the license. These problems included tivoization (the inclusion of GPL-licensed software in hardware that will refuse to run modified versions of its software); incompatibility issues like with the Affero General Public License; and patent deals between Microsoft and distributors of free and open source software, which were viewed as an attempt to use patents as a weapon against the FOSS community.
Version 3 was developed to attempt to address these concerns and was officially released on 29 June 2007.
Version 1.
Version 1 of the GNU GPL, released on 25 February 1989, prevented what were then the two main ways that software distributors restricted the freedoms that define free software. The first problem was that distributors may publish binary files only—executable, but not readable or modifiable by humans. To prevent this, GPLv1 said that any vendor distributing binaries must also make the human-readable source code available under the same licensing terms (Sections 3a and 3b of the license).
The second problem was the distributors might add additional restrictions, either by adding restrictions to the license, or by combining the software with other software which had other restrictions on its distribution. If this was done, then the union of the two sets of restrictions would apply to the combined work, thus unacceptable restrictions could be added. To prevent this, GPLv1 said that modified versions, as a whole, had to be distributed under the terms in GPLv1 (Sections 2b and 4 of the license). Therefore, software distributed under the terms of GPLv1 could be combined with software under more permissive terms, as this would not change the terms under which the whole could be distributed, but software distributed under GPLv1 could not be combined with software distributed under a more restrictive license, as this would conflict with the requirement that the whole be distributable under the terms of GPLv1.
Version 2.
According to Richard Stallman, the major change in GPLv2 was the "Liberty or Death" clause, as he calls it — Section 7. This section says that if somebody has restrictions imposed that "prevent" him or her from distributing GPL-covered software in a way that respects other users' freedom (for example, if a legal ruling states that he or she can only distribute the software in binary form), he or she cannot distribute it at all. The hope is, that this will make it less tempting for companies to use patent threats to require a fee from the free software developers.
By 1990, it was becoming apparent that a less restrictive license would be strategically useful for the C library and for software libraries that essentially did the job of existing proprietary ones; when version 2 of the GPL (GPLv2) was released in June 1991, therefore, a second license — the Library General Public License — was introduced at the same time and numbered with version 2 to show that both were complementary. The version numbers diverged in 1999 when version 2.1 of the LGPL was released, which renamed it the GNU Lesser General Public License to reflect its place in the philosophy.
Version 3.
In late 2005, the Free Software Foundation (FSF) announced work on version 3 of the GPL (GPLv3). On 16 January 2006, the first "discussion draft" of GPLv3 was published, and the public consultation began. The public consultation was originally planned for nine to fifteen months but finally stretched to eighteen months with four drafts being published. The official GPLv3 was released by FSF on 29 June 2007. GPLv3 was written by Richard Stallman, with legal counsel from Eben Moglen and the Software Freedom Law Center.
According to Stallman, the most important changes are in relation to software patents, free software license compatibility, the definition of "source code", and hardware restrictions on software modification ("tivoization"). Other changes relate to internationalization, how license violations are handled, and how additional permissions can be granted by the copyright holder.
It also adds a provision that 'strips' DRM of its legal value, so people can break the DRM on GPL software without breaking laws like the DMCA.
The public consultation process was coordinated by the Free Software Foundation with assistance from Software Freedom Law Center, Free Software Foundation Europe, and other free software groups. Comments were collected from the public via the gplv3.fsf.org web portal. That portal runs purpose-written software called stet.
During the public consultation process, 962 comments were submitted for the first draft. By the end, a total of 2,636 comments had been submitted.
The third draft was released on 28 March 2007. This draft included language intended to prevent patent-related agreements like the controversial Microsoft-Novell patent agreement and restricts the anti-tivoization clauses to a legal definition of a "User" or "consumer product". It also explicitly removed the section on "Geographical Limitations", whose probable removal had been announced at the launch of the public consultation.
The fourth discussion draft, which was the last, was released on 31 May 2007. It introduced Apache License compatibility, clarified the role of outside contractors, and made an exception to avoid the perceived problems of a Microsoft–Novell style agreement, saying in Section 11 paragraph 6 that
This aims to make future such deals ineffective. The license is also meant to cause Microsoft to extend the patent licenses it grants to Novell customers for the use of GPLv3 software to "all" users of that GPLv3 software; this is possible only if Microsoft is legally a "conveyor" of the GPLv3 software.
Also, early drafts of GPLv3 allowed licensors to add an Affero-like requirement which would have plugged the "ASP loophole in the GPL". As there were concerns expressed about the administrative costs of checking code for this additional requirement, it was decided to keep the GPL and the Affero license separated.
Others, notably some high-profile developers of the Linux kernel, commented to the mass media and made public statements about their objections to parts of discussion drafts 1 and 2.
GPLv3 improves compatibility with several open source software licenses such as Apache License, version 2.0, and the GNU Affero General Public License which GPLv2 could not be combined with, but GPLv3 software can only be combined with GPLv2 software if the GPLv2 version has the optional ""or later"" clause of the GPL. "GPLv2 or any later version" is considered by FSF as the most common form of licensing GPLv2 software while for example Toybox developer Rob Landley described it as a "lifeboat clause". Software projects which are licensed with the optional ""or later"" clause include the GNU Project, while a prominent example without the clause is the Linux kernel.
The final version of the license text was published on 29 June 2007.
Adoption.
According to Black Duck Software, the website data show that the GPL license family is used 54%, GPLv2 33%, GPLv3 12%, LGPL 2.1 6%, and LGPL 3.0 3% by open source software projects.
In a blog post by 451 Group analyst Matthew Aslett, Aslett argued that "copyleft" licenses went into decline and permissive licenses increased, based on statistics from Black Duck Software. However, a later study showed that software licensed under the GPL license family has increased, and that even the data from Black Duck Software have shown a total increase of software projects licensed under GPL. The study used public information gathered from repositories of the Debian Project, and the study criticized Black Duck Software for not publishing their methodology used in collecting statistics. Daniel German, Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Victoria in Canada, presented a talk in 2013 about the methodological challenges in determining which are the most widely used FOSS licenses, and showed how he could not replicate the result from Black Duck Software.
In 2011, four years after the release of the GPLv3, according to Black Duck Software data, 6.5% of all open-source license projects are GPLv3 while 42.5% are GPLv2. Google open-source programs office manager Chris DiBona reported that the number of open-source projects licensed software that had moved to GPLv3 from GPLv2 was 50% in 2009, counting the projects hosted at Google Code.
Terms and conditions.
The terms and conditions of the GPL must be made available to anybody receiving a copy of the work that has a GPL applied to it ("the licensee"). Any licensee who adheres to the terms and conditions is given permission to modify the work, as well as to copy and redistribute the work or any derivative version. The licensee is allowed to charge a fee for this service, or do this free of charge. This latter point distinguishes the GPL from software licenses that prohibit commercial redistribution. The FSF argues that free software should not place restrictions on commercial use, and the GPL explicitly states that GPL works may be sold at any price.
The GPL additionally states that a distributor may not impose "further restrictions on the rights granted by the GPL". This forbids activities such as distributing of the software under a non-disclosure agreement or contract. Distributors under the GPL also grant a license for any of their patents practiced by the software, to practice those patents in GPL software.
The fourth section for version 2 of the license and the seventh section of version 3 require that programs distributed as pre-compiled binaries are accompanied by a copy of the source code, a written offer to distribute the source code via the same mechanism as the pre-compiled binary, or the written offer to obtain the source code that the user got when they received the pre-compiled binary under the GPL. The second section of version 2 and the fifth section of version 3 also require giving "all recipients a copy of this License along with the Program". Version 3 of the license allows making the source code available in additional ways in fulfillment of the seventh section. These include downloading source code from an adjacent network server or by peer-to-peer transmission, provided that is how the compiled code was available and there are "clear directions" on where to find the source code.
The FSF does not hold the copyright for a work released under the GPL, unless an author explicitly assigns copyrights to the FSF (which seldom happens except for programs that are part of the GNU project). Only the individual copyright holders have the authority to sue when a license violation takes place.
Use of licensed software.
Software under the GPL may be run for all purposes, including commercial purposes and even as a tool for creating proprietary software, for example when using GPL-licensed compilers. Users or companies who distribute GPL-licensed works (e.g. software), may charge a fee for copies or give them free of charge. This distinguishes the GPL from shareware software licenses that allow copying for personal use but prohibit commercial distribution, or proprietary licenses where copying is prohibited by copyright law. The FSF argues that freedom-respecting free software should also not restrict commercial use and distribution (including redistribution): the GPL explicitly states that GPL works may be sold at any price.
In purely private (or internal) use —with no sales and no distribution— the software code may be modified and parts reused without requiring the source code to be released. For sales or distribution, the entire source code need to be made available to end users, including any code changes and additions— in that case, copyleft is applied to ensure that end users retain the freedoms defined above.
However, software running as an application program under a GPL-licensed operating system such as Linux is not required to be licensed under GPL or to be distributed with source-code availability—the licensing depends only on the used libraries and software components and not on the underlying platform. For example if a program consists only of own original custom software, or is combined with source code from other software components, then the own custom software components need not be licensed under GPL and need not make their code available; even if the underlying operating system used is licensed under the GPL, applications running on it are not considered derivative works. Only if GPLed parts are used in a program (and the program is distributed), then all other source code of the program needs to be made available under the same license terms. The GNU "Lesser" General Public license (LGPL) was created to have a weaker copyleft than the GPL, in that it does not require own custom-developed source code (distinct from the LGPLed parts) to be made available under the same license terms.
Copyleft.
The distribution rights granted by the GPL for modified versions of the work are not unconditional. When someone distributes a GPL'd work plus his/her own modifications, the requirements for distributing the whole work cannot be any greater than the requirements that are in the GPL.
This requirement is known as copyleft. It earns its legal power from the use of copyright on software programs. Because a GPL work is copyrighted, a licensee has no right to redistribute it, not even in modified form (barring fair use), except under the terms of the license. One is only required to adhere to the terms of the GPL if one wishes to exercise rights normally restricted by copyright law, such as redistribution. Conversely, if one distributes copies of the work without abiding by the terms of the GPL (for instance, by keeping the source code secret), he or she can be sued by the original author under copyright law.
Copyleft thus uses copyright law to accomplish the opposite of its usual purpose: instead of imposing restrictions, it grants rights to other people, in a way that ensures the rights cannot subsequently be taken away. It also ensures that unlimited redistribution rights are not granted, should any legal flaw be found in the copyleft statement.
Many distributors of GPL'ed programs bundle the source code with the executables. An alternative method of satisfying the copyleft is to provide a written offer to provide the source code on a physical medium (such as a CD) upon request. In practice, many GPL'ed programs are distributed over the Internet, and the source code is made available over FTP or HTTP. For Internet distribution, this complies with the license.
Copyleft applies only when a person seeks to redistribute the program. One is allowed to make private modified versions, without any obligation to divulge the modifications as long as the modified software is not distributed to anyone else. Note that the copyleft applies only to the software and not to its output (unless that output is itself a derivative work of the program). For example, a public web portal running a modified derivative of a GPL'ed content management system is not required to distribute its changes to the underlying software because its output is not a derivative.
There has been debate on whether it is a violation of the GPL to release the source code in obfuscated form, such as in cases in which the author is less willing to make the source code available. The general consensus was that while unethical, it was not considered a violation. The issue was clarified when the license was altered to require that the "preferred" version of the source code be made available.
License versus contract.
The GPL was designed as a license, rather than a contract. In some Common Law jurisdictions, the legal distinction between a license and a contract is an important one: contracts are enforceable by contract law, whereas licenses are enforced under copyright law. However, this distinction is not useful in the many jurisdictions where there are no differences between contracts and licenses, such as Civil Law systems.
Those who do not accept the GPL's terms and conditions do not have permission, under copyright law, to copy or distribute GPL licensed software or derivative works. However, if they do not redistribute the GPL'd program, they may still use the software within their organization however they like, and works (including programs) constructed by the use of the program are not required to be covered by this license.
Allison Randal argued that the GPLv3 as a license is unnecessarily confusing for lay readers, and could be simplified while retaining the same conditions and legal force.
Derivations.
The text of the GPL is itself copyrighted, and the copyright is held by the Free Software Foundation.
The FSF permits people to create new licenses based on the GPL, as long as the derived licenses do not use the GPL preamble without permission. This is discouraged, however, since such a license might be incompatible with the GPL and causes a perceived license proliferation.
Other licenses created by the GNU project include the GNU Lesser General Public License and the GNU Free Documentation License.
The text of the GPL is not itself under the GPL. The license's copyright disallows modification of the license. Copying and distributing the license is allowed since the GPL requires recipients to get "a copy of this License along with the Program". According to the GPL FAQ, anyone can make a new license using a modified version of the GPL as long as he or she uses a different name for the license, does not mention "GNU", and removes the preamble, though the preamble can be used in a modified license if permission to use it is obtained from the Free Software Foundation (FSF).
Linking and derived works.
Libraries.
According to the FSF, "The GPL does not require you to release your modified version, or any part of it. You are free to make modifications and use them privately, without ever releasing them." However if one releases a GPL-licensed entity to the public, there is an issue regarding linking: namely, if a proprietary program uses a GPL library, is the proprietary program in violation of the GPL?
This key dispute is whether or not non-GPL software can legally statically link or dynamically link to GPL libraries. Different opinions exist on this issue. The GPL is clear in requiring that all derivative works of code under the GPL must themselves be under the GPL. Ambiguity arises with regards to using GPL libraries, and bundling GPL software into a larger package (perhaps mixed into a binary via static linking). This is ultimately a question not of the GPL "per se", but of how copyright law defines derivative works. The following points of view exist:
Point of view: dynamic and static linking violate GPL.
The Free Software Foundation (which holds the copyright of several notable GPL-licensed software products and of the license text itself) asserts that an executable which uses a dynamically linked library is indeed a derivative work. This does not however apply to separate programs communicating with one another.
The Free Software Foundation also created the LGPL, which is nearly identical to the GPL, but with additional permissions to allow linking for the purposes of "using the library".
Richard Stallman and the FSF specifically encourage library-writers to license under the GPL so that proprietary programs cannot use the libraries, in an effort to protect the free-software world by giving it more tools than the proprietary world.
Point of view: static linking violates GPL but unclear as of dynamic linking.
Some people believe that while static linking produces derivative works, it is not clear whether an executable that dynamically links to a GPL code should be considered a derivative work (see Weak Copyleft). Linux author Linus Torvalds agrees that dynamic linking can create derived works but disagrees over the circumstances.
A Novell lawyer has written that dynamic linking not being derivative "makes sense" but is not "clear-cut", and that evidence for good-intentioned dynamic linking can be seen by the existence of proprietary Linux kernel drivers.
In "Galoob v. Nintendo" the United States Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals defined a derivative work as having "'form' or permanence" and noted that "the infringing work must incorporate a portion of the copyrighted work in some form", but there have been no clear court decisions to resolve this particular conflict.
Point of view: linking is irrelevant.
According to an article in the Linux Journal, Lawrence Rosen (OSI general counsel) argues that the method of linking is mostly irrelevant to the question about whether a piece of software is a derivative work; more important is the question about whether the software was intended to interface with client software and/or libraries.
He states, "The primary indication of whether a new program is a derivative work is whether the source code of the original program was used a copy-paste sense, modified, translated or otherwise changed in any way to create the new program. If not, then I would argue that it is not a derivative work," and lists numerous other points regarding intent, bundling, and linkage mechanism.
He further argues on his firm's website that such "market-based" factors are more important than the linking technique.
There is also the specific issue of whether a plugin or module (such as the NVidia or ATI graphics card kernel modules) must also be GPL, if it could reasonably be considered its own work. This point of view suggests that reasonably separate plugins, or plugins for software designed to use plugins, could be licensed under an arbitrary license if the work is GPLv2. Of particular interest is the GPLv2 paragraph:
It should be noted that the GPLv3 has a different clause:
As a case study, some supposedly proprietary plugins and themes/skins for GPLv2 CMS software such as Drupal and WordPress have come under fire, with both sides of the argument taken.
The FSF differentiates on how the plug-in is being invoked. If the Plug-in is invoked through dynamic linkage and it performs function calls to the GPL program then it's most likely a derivative work.
Communicating and bundling with non-GPL programs.
The mere act of communicating with other programs does not, by itself, require all software to be GPL; nor does distributing GPL software with non-GPL software. However, minor conditions must be followed that ensures the rights of GPL software is not restricted. The following is a quote from the gnu.org GPL FAQ, which describes to what extent software is allowed to communicate with and be-bundled-with GPL programs:
The FSF thus draws the line between "library" and "other program" via 1) "complexity" and "intimacy" of information exchange, and 2) mechanism (rather than semantics), but resigns that the question is not clear-cut and that in complex situations, case law will need to decide.
Legal status.
The first known violation of the GPL was in 1989 when NeXT extended the GCC compiler to support Objective-C, but did not publicly release the changes. After an inquiry they created a public patch. There was no lawsuit filed for this violation.
In 2002, MySQL AB sued Progress NuSphere for copyright and trademark infringement in United States district court. NuSphere had allegedly violated MySQL's copyright by linking MySQL's GPL'ed code with NuSphere Gemini table without being in compliance with the license. After a preliminary hearing before Judge Patti Saris on 27 February 2002, the parties entered settlement talks and eventually settled. After the hearing, FSF commented that "Judge Saris made clear that she sees the GNU GPL to be an enforceable and binding license."
In August 2003, the SCO Group stated that they believed the GPL to have no legal validity, and that they intended to pursue lawsuits over sections of code supposedly copied from SCO Unix into the Linux kernel. This was a problematic stand for them, as they had distributed Linux and other GPL'ed code in their Caldera OpenLinux distribution, and there is little evidence that they had any legal right to do so except under the terms of the GPL. For more information, see SCO-Linux controversies and SCO v. IBM.
In April 2004, the netfilter/iptables project was granted a preliminary injunction against Sitecom Germany by Munich District Court after Sitecom refused to desist from distributing Netfilter's GPL'ed software in violation of the terms of the GPL. Harald Welte, of Netfilter, was represented by ifrOSS co-founder Till Jaeger. On July 2004, the German court confirmed this injunction as a final ruling against Sitecom. The court's justification was that:
This exactly mirrored the predictions given previously by the FSF's Eben Moglen. This ruling was important because it was the first time that a court had confirmed that violating terms of the GPL could be copyright violation and established case law over the enforceability of the GPL version 2 under German law.
In May 2005, Daniel Wallace filed suit against the Free Software Foundation in the Southern District of Indiana, contending that the GPL is an illegal attempt to fix prices (at zero). The suit was dismissed in March 2006, on the grounds that Wallace had failed to state a valid anti-trust claim; the court noted that "the GPL encourages, rather than discourages, free competition and the distribution of computer operating systems, the benefits of which directly pass to consumers". Wallace was denied the possibility of further amending his complaint, and was ordered to pay the FSF's legal expenses.
On 8 September 2005, the Seoul Central District Court ruled that the GPL was not material to a case dealing with trade secrets derived from GPL-licensed work. Defendants argued that since it is impossible to maintain trade secrets while being compliant with GPL and distributing the work, they are not in breach of trade secrets. This argument was considered without ground.
On 6 September 2006, the gpl-violations.org project prevailed in court litigation against D-Link Germany GmbH regarding D-Link's copyright-infringing use of parts of the Linux Kernel in storage devices they distributed. The judgment provided legal precedent that the GPL is valid, legally binding, and stands in German court.
In late 2007, the BusyBox developers and the Software Freedom Law Center embarked upon a program to gain GPL compliance from distributors of BusyBox in embedded systems, suing those who would not comply. These were claimed to be the first US uses of courts for enforcement of GPL obligations. "See" BusyBox GPL lawsuits.
On 11 December 2008, the Free Software Foundation sued Cisco Systems, Inc. for copyright violations by its Linksys division, of the FSF's GPL-licensed coreutils, readline, Parted, Wget, GNU Compiler Collection, binutils, and GNU Debugger software packages, which Linksys distributes in the Linux firmware of its WRT54G wireless routers, as well as numerous other devices including DSL and Cable modems, Network Attached Storage devices, Voice-Over-IP gateways, Virtual Private Network devices and a home theater/media player device.
After six years of repeated complaints to Cisco by the FSF, claims by Cisco that they would correct, or were correcting, their compliance problems (not providing complete copies of all source code and their modifications), of repeated new violations being discovered and reported with more products, and lack of action by Linksys (a process described on the FSF blog as a "five-years-running game of Whack-a-Mole") the FSF took them to court.
Cisco settled the case six months later by agreeing "to appoint a Free Software Director for Linksys" to ensure compliance, "to notify previous recipients of Linksys products containing FSF programs of their rights under the GPL," to make source code of FSF programs freely available on its website, and to make a monetary contribution to the FSF.
Compatibility and multi-licensing.
Code licensed under several other licenses can be combined with a program under the GPL without conflict, as long as the combination of restrictions on the work as a whole does not put any additional restrictions beyond what GPL allows. In addition to the regular terms of the GPL, there are additional restrictions and permissions one can apply:
FSF maintains a list of GPL-compatible free software licenses with many of the most common free software licenses, such as the original MIT/X license, the BSD license (in its current 3-clause form) and the Artistic License 2.0.
David A. Wheeler has advocated that free/open source software developers use only GPL-compatible licenses, because doing otherwise makes it difficult for others to participate and contribute code. As a specific example of license incompatibility, Sun Microsystems' ZFS cannot be included in the GPL-licensed Linux kernel, because it is licensed under the GPL-incompatible CDDL. Furthermore, ZFS is protected by patents, so distributing an independently developed GPL-ed implementation would still require Oracle's permission.
A number of businesses use multi-licensing to distribute a GPL version and sell a proprietary license to companies wishing to combine the package with proprietary code, using dynamic linking or not. Examples of such companies include MySQL AB, Digia PLC (Qt framework, before 2011 from Nokia), Red Hat (Cygwin) and Riverbank Computing (PyQt). Other companies, like the Mozilla Foundation (products include Mozilla Application Suite, Mozilla Thunderbird and Mozilla Firefox), used multi-licensing to distribute versions under the GPL and some other open-source licenses.
Use for text and other media.
It is possible to use the GPL for text documents instead of computer programs, or more generally for all kinds of media, if it is clear what constitutes the source code (defined as "the preferred form of the work for making changes in it"). For manuals and textbooks, though, the FSF recommends the GNU Free Documentation License (GFDL) instead, which it created for this purpose. Nevertheless, the Debian developers recommended (in a resolution adopted in 2006) to license documentation for their project under the GPL, because of the incompatibility of the GFDL with the GPL (text licensed under the GFDL cannot be incorporated into GPL software). Also, the FLOSS Manuals foundation, an organization devoted to creating manuals for free software, decided to eschew the GFDL in favor of the GPL for its texts in 2007.
If the GPL is used for fonts, any documents or images made with such fonts might also have to be distributed under the terms of the GPL. This is not the case in countries like the US and Canada where copyright law is inapplicable to the appearance of fonts, though program code inside a font file may still be covered which can complicate font embedding (since the document could be considered 'linked' to the font). FSF provides an exception for cases where this is not desired.
Reception.
Legal Barrier to App Stores.
The GPL License is incompatible with many application-distribution-systems, like the Mac App Store, and certain other software distribution platforms (on smartphones as well as PCs). The problem lies in the right "To make a copy for your neighbour", as this right is violated by the integrated DRM-Systems made to prevent copying of paid software. Even if the application is free-as-in-beer in the App Store in question, it might result in a violation of that app store's terms.
Note that there is a distinction between an app "store" which sells DRM-restricted software under proprietary licenses, and the more general concept of an digital distribution via some form of online software repository: various UNIX-like distros provide app repos, including Fedora, RHEL, CentOS, Ubuntu, Debian, FreeBSD, OpenBSD and so on. These specific app repos all contain GPL-licensed software apps, in some cases even when the core project does not permit GPL-licensed code in the base system (for instance OpenBSD [http://www.openbsd.org/policy.html]). In other cases, such as the Ubuntu App Store, proprietary commercial software applications "and" GPL-licensed applications are both available via the same system; the reason that the Mac App Store (and similar projects) is incompatible with GPL-licensed apps is not inherent in the concept of an app store, but is rather specifically due to Apple's terms-of-use requirement that all apps in the store utilize Apple DRM-restrictions. Ubuntu's app store does not demand any such requirement: "These terms do not limit or restrict your rights under any applicable open source software licenses."
Microsoft.
In 2001, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer referred to Linux as "a cancer that attaches itself in an intellectual property sense to everything it touches". In response to Microsoft's attacks on the GPL, several prominent Free Software developers and advocates released a joint statement supporting the license. Microsoft has released Microsoft Windows Services for UNIX which contains GPL-licensed code. In July 2009, Microsoft itself released a body of around 20,000 lines of Linux driver code under the GPL. The Hyper-V code that is part of the submitted code used open-source components licensed under the GPL and was originally statically linked to proprietary binary parts, the latter being inadmissible in GPL-licensed software.
"Viral" nature.
Craig Mundie, Microsoft Senior Vice President has described the GPL as being "viral" in 2001. Mundie argues that the GPL has a "viral" effect in that it only allows the conveyance of whole programs, which means programs that link to GPL libraries must themselves be under a GPL-compatible license, else they cannot be combined and distributed.
In the views of Richard Stallman, Mundie's metaphor of a "virus" is wrong as software under the GPL does not "attack" or "infect" other software. Stallman believes that comparing the GPL to a virus is an extremely unfriendly thing to say, and that a better metaphor for software under the GPL would be a spider plant: If one takes a piece of it and puts it somewhere else, it grows there too.
Barrier to commercialization.
The FreeBSD project has stated that "a less publicized and unintended use of the GPL is that it is very favorable to large companies that want to undercut software companies. In other words, the GPL is well suited for use as a marketing weapon, potentially reducing overall economic benefit and contributing to monopolistic behavior" and that the GPL can "present a real problem for those wishing to commercialize and profit from software".
Richard Stallman wrote about the practice of selling license exceptions to free software licenses as an example of ethically acceptable commercialization practice. Selling exceptions here means that the copyright holder of a given software releases it (along with the corresponding source code) to the public under a free software license, "then lets customers pay for permission to use the same code under different terms, for instance allowing its inclusion in proprietary applications". Stallman considered selling exceptions "acceptable since the 1990s, and on occasion I've suggested it to companies. Sometimes this approach has made it possible for important programs to become free software". Despite that the FSF doesn't practice selling exceptions, a comparison with the X11 license (which is a noncopyleft free software license) is proposed for suggesting that this commercialization technique should be regarded as ethically acceptable. Releasing a given program under a noncopyleft free software license would permit embedding the code in proprietary software. Stallman comments that "either we have to conclude that it's wrong to release anything under the X11 license—a conclusion I find unacceptably extreme—or reject this implication. Using a noncopyleft license is weak, and usually an inferior choice, but it's not wrong. In other words, selling exceptions permits some embedding in proprietary software, and the X11 license permits even more embedding. If this doesn't make the X11 license unacceptable, it doesn't make selling exceptions unacceptable".
GPLv3 separates community further.
Some journalists and toybox developer Rob Landley criticized that with the introduction of the GPLv3 the split between the open source and free software community is wider than ever. As the significantly extended GPLv3 is essential incompatible with the GPLv2, compatibility between both is only given under the optional ""or later"" clause of the GPL, which was not taken for instance by the Linux kernel. Bruce Byfield noted that before the release of the GPLv3, the GPLv2 was a unifying element between the open-source and the free software community.
Lawrence Rosen, attorney and computer specialist, praised how the community using the Apache license were now able to work together with the GPL community in a compatible manner, as the problems of GPLv2 compatibility with Apache licensed software were resolved with the GPLv3. He said, "I predict that one of the biggest success stories of GPLv3 will be the realization that the entire universe of free and open source software can thus be combined into comprehensive open source solutions for customers worldwide."

</doc>
<doc id="18938685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938685" title="Bədəşxan">
Bədəşxan

Bədəşxan (also, Badaşqan, Badashkhan, and Badashkhana) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 274. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938687" title="The Forestry">
The Forestry

"The Forestry" is a maxi-single by David Byrne containing dance and industrial remixes of pieces from "The Forest" by Jack Dangers, Rudy Tambala, and Anthony Capel.
Art Direction: Robin Lynch and David Byrne.
Design by Robin Lynch.
Front cover, "Feed Pump Pipework, Hinkley Point" by Douglass Allen.
Back cover, "Fodermaschinist" Deutsches Bergbau-Museum Bochum.
Inside, "The Forest" by David Byrne.

</doc>
<doc id="18938688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938688" title="Lilian Faschinger">
Lilian Faschinger

Lilian Faschinger (born April 29, 1950 in Tschöran, Carinthia) is an Austrian novelist, short story writer, poet, and literary translator.
Faschinger studied literature, history, and English at the University of Graz, earning a doctorate in English literature. Her first novel "Die neue Scheherazade" ("The New Scheherazade") attracted considerable critical recognition when it appeared in 1986. Her second novel, "Lustspiel" appeared in 1989, followed by two collec­tions of short stories ("Frau mit drei Flugzeugen" ("Woman with Three Airplanes") in 1993 and "Sprünge" in 1994. Her most recent novels are "Magdalena Sünderin" ("Magdalena the Sinner", 1995) and "Wiener Passion" ("Viennese Passion", 1999). She won international recognition with her novel, "Magdalena Sünderin", (1995), which was translated into 17 languages. Her fiction includes critique of Austrian society and customs from a woman’s perspective.
In addition to fiction, Faschinger has also written and published poetry. Her translations of Gertrude Stein, Paul Bowles, and others have also earned critical acclaim.
Faschinger lives in Vienna.
Novels.
Her translations into German include works by Paul Bowles, Janet Frame, Elizabeth Smart, and Gertrude Stein.

</doc>
<doc id="18938696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938696" title="Joey Massey">
Joey Massey

Joseph "Joey" Massey (born 25 February 2000) is an Australian actor.
Massey was born in Gold Coast, Australia. His first role was in the 2006 film "Aquamarine". He also appeared in 2007's "The Condemned". In 2006 and 2007, he appeared in the television series "".
He is the son of Anna Waters Massey and the brother of Cleo Massey.

</doc>
<doc id="18938700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938700" title="Sharrington">
Sharrington

Sharrington is a village within the civil parish of Brinton in the English county of Norfolk. The village is laid out on the southern edge of the A148, 3.5 miles west of Holt. The village is 10 miles east-northeast of the town of Fakenham, 13.4 miles west-southwest of Cromer and 124 miles north-northeast of London. The nearest railway station is at Sheringham for the Bittern Line which runs between Sheringham, Cromer and Norwich. The nearest airport is at Norwich.
Description.
Sharrington is strung out along a series of connecting lanes with the dwellings well scattered. There is a well used and thriving village hall at one end of the village with the parish church at the opposite end of the village. Within the village there are two motor repair garages. Fish Engineering is a family run business, started in the early 1920s by the late Thomas Fish. The village also boasts an excellent nursery school. Ages and occupations of the residents vary, but most work locally.
All Saints' Parish Church.
The parish church of Sharrington is called All Saints' and can be found in Bale Road. A church has been recorded here since the 13th century. All Saints' parish church was described in the Early English Era as a "grand church of great local importance", however: the north and south aisles, transept and porch were taken down in the middle of the 18th century due to a significant reduction in the local population and the resulting loss of wealth. The church's tall tower still stands and was renovated for the Millennium. The church's set of corbels reflects the previous grandeur. Inside the church there is a stone font with an oak cover, designed and locally carved and donated to celebrate the year 2000. It is a Grade I listed building [http://www.imagesofengland.org.uk/details/default.aspx?id=223538].

</doc>
<doc id="18938701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938701" title="Enarephoros">
Enarephoros

In Greek mythology, Enarephoros or Enarephorus was a son of Hippocoon and a most passionate suitor of Helen, when she was yet quite young. Tyndareus, therefore, entrusted the maiden to the care of Theseus. Enarephorus had a heroon at Sparta. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938718" title="Red Sea Jazz Festival">
Red Sea Jazz Festival

The Red Sea Jazz Festival is a jazz festival held annually in Eilat, Israel. 
The Red Sea Jazz Festival was first held in 1987. It is a four-day long event featuring 9-10 concerts per evening, 6 workshops with guest artists and nightly jam sessions. All performances are held outdoors at the Eilat port. The workshops take place at a nearby hotel.
The festival offers a combination of performances by international jazz artists and local talent. It also provides a venue for collaborative efforts, with special productions exclusive to the festival. Some of these special productions have included Randy Brecker & Mark Egan, The Jazz Beatles, Miroslav Vitous & John Abercrombie and Charlie Haden & John Scofield.
The festival draws audiences of 70,000, with an average of 2,500 people per concert. It is run as a non-profit organization and enjoys the support of the Municipality of Eilat, the Ministries of Culture and Tourism, the Eilat Hotel Association and various business sponsors.
In 2008, Israeli jazz bassist Avishai Cohen was named artistic director, replacing Dan Gottfried, who initiated the festival and served as artistic director for 22 years.During his tenure Gottfried has showcased over 1500 world famous Jazz artists and established the reputation of the festival as one of the leading Jazz events worldwide.Under Cohen's direction in 2009, the festival showcased young talent and original compositions along with world renowned jazz artists.
The festival is held in the last week of August.
A 3-day Winter Jazz Festival, held on the third weekend in January, was intiated in 2010. 
Notable artists.
2009.
Israeli jazz acts included:
2010.
Israeli acts included: 
2011.
Israeli acts included Yael Deckelbaum, Yoni Rechter and Zohar Fresko, among others.

</doc>
