<doc id="18933386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933386" title="The Plays of William Shakespeare">
The Plays of William Shakespeare

The Plays of William Shakespeare was an 18th-century edition of the dramatic works of William Shakespeare, edited by Samuel Johnson and George Steevens. Johnson announced his intention to edit Shakespeare's plays in his "Miscellaneous Observations on Macbeth" (1745), and a full "Proposal" for the edition was published in 1756. The edition was finally published in 1765.
In the "Preface" to his edition, Johnson justifies trying to determine the original language of the Shakespearean plays. To benefit the reading audience, he added explanatory notes to various passages. Later editors followed Johnson's lead and sought to determine an authoritative text of Shakespeare.
Background.
Johnson began reading Shakespeare's plays and poetry when he was a young boy. He would involve himself so closely with the plays that he was once terrified by the Ghost in "Hamlet" and had to "have people about him". Johnson's fascination with Shakespeare continued throughout his life, and Johnson focused his time while preparing "A Dictionary of the English Language" on Shakespeare's plays. It is no wonder that Shakespeare is the most quoted author in his "Dictionary".
Johnson came to believe that there was a problem with the collections of Shakespearean plays that were available during his lifetime. He believed that they lacked authoritativeness, because they:
were transcribed for the players by those who may be supposed to have seldom understood them; they were transmitted by copiers equally unskillful, who still multiplied errors; they were perhaps sometimes mutilated by the actors, for the sake of shortening the speeches; and were at last printed without correction of the press.
Although Johnson was friends with actors such as David Garrick who had performed Shakespeare onstage, he did not believe that performance was vital to the plays, nor did he ever acknowledge the presence of an audience as a factor in the reception of the work. Instead, Johnson believed that the reader of Shakespeare was the true audience of the play.
Furthermore, Johnson believed that later editors both misunderstood the historical context of Shakespeare and his plays, and underestimated the degree of textual corruption that the plays exhibit. He believed that this was because "The style of Shakespeare was in itself perplexed, ungrammatical, and obscure". To correct these problems, Johnson believed that the original works would need to be examined, and this became an issue in his "Proposal". Johnson also believed that an edition of Shakespeare could provide him with the income and recognition that he needed. However, a full edition of Shakespeare would require a publisher to make a large commitment of time and money, so Johnson decided to begin by focusing on a single play, "Macbeth".
"Miscellaneous Observations".
Johnson began work on "Macbeth" to provide a sample of what he thought could be achieved in a new edition of Shakespeare. He got much of his information while working on the "Harleian Catalogue", a catalogue of the collection of works and pamphlets owned by Robert Harley, 1st Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer. He published this work, along with a commentary on Sir Thomas Hanmer, 4th Baronet's edition of Shakespeare's plays, as "Miscellaneous Observations" or "Miscellaneous Observations on the Tragedy of Macbeth" on 6 April 1745 by Edward Cave.
Hanmer produced an edition of Shakespeare's plays for the Clarendon Press in October 1744, and Johnson felt that he could attract more attention to his own work by challenging some of Hanmer's points. Johnson criticised Hanmer for editing Shakespeare's words based on subjective opinion instead of objective fact. In particular, Johnson writes: 
He appears to find no difficulty in most of those passages which I have represented as unintelligible, and has therefore passed smoothly over them, without any attempt to alter or explain them... Such harmless industry may surely be forgiven if it cannot be praised; may he therefore never want a monosyllable who can use it with such wonderful dexterity. "Rumpature quisquis rumpitur invidia"! ("If anyone is going to burst with envy, let him do so!" – Martial)
He then continues:
The rest of this edition I have not read, but, from the little that I have seen, I think it not dangerous to declare that, in my opinion, its pomp recommends it more than its accuracy. There is no distinction made between the ancient reading, and the innovations of the editor; there is no reason given for any of the alterations which are made; the emendations of former editions are adopted without any acknowledgement, and few of the difficulties are removed which have hitherto embarrassed the readers of Shakespeare.
The "Miscellaneous Observations" contains many of Johnson's early thoughts and theories on Shakespeare. For instance, Johnson thought that there was an uncanny power in Shakespeare's supernatural scenes and wrote, "He that peruses Shakespeare looks round alarmed and starts to find himself alone".
At the end of the work, Johnson announced that he would produce a new edition of Shakespeare:
Proposals for printing a new edition of the plays of William Shakespeare, with notes, critical and explanatory, in which the text will be corrected: the various readings remarked: the conjuectures of former editors examined, and their omissions supplied. By the author of the "Miscellaneous Observations on the Tragedy of Macbeth".
In response, Jacob Tonson and his associates, who controlled the copyright of the current edition of Shakespeare, threatened to sue Johnson and Cave in a letter written on 11 April 1745. They did so to protect their new edition, edited by the Shakespeare scholar William Warburton.
Proposal.
On 1 June 1756, Johnson reprinted his "Miscellaneous Observations" but attached his "Proposal" or "Proposals for Printing, by Subscription, the Dramatick Works of William Shakespeare, Corrected and Illustrated". On 2 June 1756, he signed a contract to edit an eight-volume set of Shakespeare's writings including a preface, and on 8 June 1756 Johnson printed his "Proposal", now called "Proposals for an Edition of Shakespeare". The "Proposal" sold subscriptions for Johnson's future edition at the cost two guineas, the first paid before and the second upon printing. When Johnson achieved scholarly renown for his "A Dictionary of the English Language", Warburton's publishers, Tonson et al., granted him permission to work on Shakespeare.
In the "Proposal", Johnson describes the various problems with previous editions of Shakespeare and argues how a new edition, written by himself, would correct these problems. In particular, Johnson promised to "correct what is corrupt, and to explain what is obscure". He would accomplish this by relying on "a careful collation of all the oldest copies" and to read "the same story in the very book which Shakespeare consulted". Unlike other editors who "slight their predecessors", Johnson claimed that "all that is valuable will be adopted from every commentator, that posterity may consider it as including all the rest, and exhibiting whatever is hitherto known of the great father of the English drama". Later in the work, he promised that it would be ready by December 1757.
Johnson was contracted to finish the edition in 18 months but as the months passed, his pace slowed. He told Charles Burney in December 1757 that it would take him until the following March to complete it. Before that could happen, in February 1758 he was arrested again for an unpaid debt of £40. The debt was soon repaid by Tonson, who had contracted Johnson to publish the work; this motivated Johnson to finish the edition to repay the favour. Although it took him another seven years to finish, Johnson completed a few volumes of his "Shakespeare" to prove his commitment to the project.
Johnson's Shakespeare.
Johnson admitted to John Hawkins that "my inducement to it is not love or desire of fame, but the want of money, which is the only motive to writing that I know of." However, the money was not a strong enough motivator and in 1758, partly as a way to avoid having to finish his "Shakespeare", Johnson began to write a weekly series, "The Idler", which ran from 15 April 1758 to 5 April 1760.
By 1762, Johnson had gained a reputation for being a slow worker. Contemporary poet Charles Churchill teased Johnson for the delay in producing his long-promised edition of Shakespeare: "He for subscribers baits his hook / and takes your cash, but where's the book?" The comments soon stung Johnson into renewed work. It was only in 20 July 1762, when he received the first payment on a government pension of 300 pounds a year, that he no longer had to worry about money and was finally able to dedicate most of his time to finishing the work.
On 10 January 1765, the day after Johnson was introduced to Henry and Hester Thrale, Johnson noted in his diary that he "Corrected a sheet." Afterwards, he began visiting his friend Richard Farmer who was writing his "Essay on the Learning of Shakespeare" to aid in his completely revising the work. During this time, Johnson added more than 550 notes as he began to revise the work for publication. In June, Johnson advertised that his edition would be published on 1 August 1765. However, he was unable to work on the "Preface" until August and it was not printed until 29 September. George Steevens volunteered to help Johnson work on the "Preface" during this time.
Johnson's edition of "Shakespeare's plays" was finally published on 10 October 1765 as "The Plays of William Shakespeare, in Eight Volumes ... To which are added Notes by Sam. Johnson" in a printing of 1,000 copies. The edition sold quickly and a second edition was soon printed, with an expanded edition to follow in 1773 and a further revised edition in 1778.
Preface.
There are four components to Johnson's "Preface to Shakespeare": a discussion of Shakespeare's "greatness" especially in his "portrayal of human nature"; the "faults or weakness" of Shakespeare; Shakespeare's plays in relationship to contemporary poetry and drama; and a history of "Shakespearean criticism and editing down to the mid-1700's" and what his work intends to do.
Johnson begins:
That praises are without reason lavished on the dead, and that the honours due only to excellence are paid to antiquity, is a complaint likely to be always continued by those, who, being able to add nothing to truth, hope for eminence from the heresies of paradox; or those, who, being forced by disappointment upon consolatory expedients, are willing to hope from posterity what the present age refuses, and flatter themselves that the regard which is yet denied by envy, will be at last bestowed by time. Antiquity, like every other quality that attracts the notice of mankind, has undoubtedly votaries that reverence it, not from reason, but from prejudice. Some seem to admire indiscriminately whatever has been long preserved, without considering that time has sometimes co-operated with chance; all perhaps are more willing to honour past than present excellence; and the mind contemplates genius through the shades of age, as the eye surveys the sun through artificial opacity. The great contention of criticism is to find the faults of the moderns, and the beauties of the ancients. While an authour is yet living we estimate his powers by his worst performance, and when he is dead we rate them by his best.
To works, however, of which the excellence is not absolute and definite, but gradual and comparative; to works not raised upon principles demonstrative and scientifick, but appealing wholly to observation and experience, no other test can be applied than length of duration and continuance of esteem. What mankind have long possessed they have often examined and compared, and if they persist to value the possession, it is because frequent comparisons have confirmed opinion in its favour. As among the works of nature no man can properly call a river deep or a mountain high, without the knowledge of many mountains and many rivers; so in the productions of genius, nothing can be stiled excellent till it has been compared with other works of the same kind. Demonstration immediately displays its power, and has nothing to hope or fear from the flux of years; but works tentative and experimental must be estimated by their proportion to the general and collective ability of man, as it is discovered in a long succession of endeavours. Of the first building that was raised, it might be with certainty determined that it was round or square, but whether it was spacious or lofty must have been referred to time. The Pythagorean scale of numbers was at once discovered to be perfect; but the poems of Homer we yet know not to transcend the common limits of human intelligence, but by remarking, that nation after nation, and century after century, has been able to do little more than transpose his incidents, new name his characters, and paraphrase his sentiments.
The reverence due to writings that have long subsisted arises therefore not from any credulous confidence in the superior wisdom of past ages, or gloomy persuasion of the degeneracy of mankind, but is the consequence of acknowledged and indubitable positions, that what has been longest known has been most considered, and what is most considered is best understood.
Johnson then introduces Shakespeare:
The poet, of whose works I have undertaken the revision, may now begin to assume the dignity of an ancient, and claim the privilege of established fame and prescriptive veneration. He has long outlived his century, the term commonly fixed as the test of literature merit. Whatever advantages he might once derive from personal allusions, local customs, or temporary opinions, have for many years been lost; and every topic of merriment, or motive of sorrow, which the modes of artificial life afforded him, now only obscure the scenes which they once illuminated. The effects of favour and competition are at an end; the tradition of his friendships and his enmities has perished; his works support no opinion with arguments, nor supply any faction with invectives; they can neither indulge vanity nor gratify malignity; but are read without any other reason than the desire of pleasure, and are therefore praised only as pleasure is obtained; yet, thus unassisted by interest or passion, they have past through variation of taste and changes of manners, and, as they devolved from one generation to another, have received new honours at every transmission.
Plays.
Johnson, in his "Proposal", said that "the corruptions of the text will be corrected by a careful collation of the oldest copies". Accordingly, Johnson attempted to obtain early texts of the plays but many people were unwilling to lend him their editions out of a fear that they might be destroyed. David Garrick offered Johnson access to his collection of Shakespeare texts but Johnson declined the offer, believing that Garrick would expect preferential treatment in return.
Johnson's strength was to create a set of corresponding notes that allow readers to identify the meaning behind many of Shakespeare's more complicated passages or ones that may have been transcribed incorrectly over time. Including within the notes are occasional attacks upon the rival editors of Shakespeare's works and their editions.
In 1766, Steevens published his own edition of Shakespeare's plays that was "designed to transcend Johnson's in proceeding further towards a sound text", but it lacked the benefit of Johnson's critical notes. The two worked together to create a revised edition of Shakespeare's plays in ten volumes, published in 1773 with additional corrections in 1778. Steevens provided most of the textual work, with Johnson contributing an additional eighty notes.
Critical response.
After Johnson was forced to back down from producing his edition of Shakespeare in 1746, his rival editor William Warburton praised Johnson's "Miscellaneous Observations" as "some critical notes on "Macbeth", given as a specimen of a projected edition, and written, as appears, by a man of parts and genius". Years later, Edmond Malone, an important Shakespearean scholar and friend of Johnson's, said that Johnson's "vigorous and comprehensive understanding threw more light on his authour than all his predecessors had done", and that the "Preface" was "the finest composition in our language". Adam Smith said that the "Preface" was "the most "manly" piece of criticism that was ever published in any country."
In 1908, Walter Raleigh claimed that Johnson helped the reader to "go straight to Shakespeare's meaning, while the philological and antiquarian commentators kill one another in the dark." Raleigh then admitted that he "soon falls into the habit, when he meets with an obscure passage, of consulting Johnson's note before the others." T. S. Eliot wrote that "no poet can ask more of posterity than to be greatly honoured by the great; and Johnson's words about Shakespeare are great honour".
Walter Jackson Bate, in his 1977 biography on Johnson, wrote:
the edition of Shakespeare – viewed with historical understanding of what it involved in 1765 – could seem a remarkable feat; and we are not speaking of just the great "Preface" To see it in perspective, we have only to remind ourselves what Johnson brought to it – an assemblage of almost every qualification we should ideally like to have brought to this kind of work with the single exception of patience... Operating in and through these qualities was his own extensive knowledge of human nature and life. No Shakespearean critic or editor has ever approached him in this respect.
John Wain, another of Johnson's biographers, claimed, "There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited, and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself" than Johnson's "Proposal".

</doc>
<doc id="18933388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933388" title="Kakesio">
Kakesio

Kakesio is an administrative ward in the Ngorongoro District of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 4,135.

</doc>
<doc id="18933392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933392" title="Nainokanoka">
Nainokanoka

Nainokanoka is an administrative ward in the Ngorongoro District of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 15,606.

</doc>
<doc id="18933396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933396" title="Augusto Pinochet">
Augusto Pinochet

Augusto José Ramón Pinochet Ugarte, more commonly known as Augusto Pinochet (; 25 November 1915 – 10 December 2006) was dictator of Chile between 1973 and 1990 and Commander-in-Chief ("Comandante en Jefe") of the Chilean Army from 1973 to 1998. He was also president of the Government Junta of Chile between 1973 and 1981.
Pinochet assumed power in Chile following a coup d'état on 11 September 1973 that overthrew the elected socialist Unidad Popular government of President Salvador Allende and ended civilian rule. Pinochet had been promoted to Commander-in-Chief of the Army by Allende on 23 August 1973, having been its General Chief of Staff since early 1972. In December 1974, the ruling military junta appointed Pinochet President of Chile by joint decree, although not with the support of one of the coup's instigators, Air Force General Gustavo Leigh.
From its beginning, the new military government implemented harsh measures against its perceived opponents. Various reports and investigations claim that between 1,200 and 3,200 people were killed, up to 80,000 people were interned and as many as 30,000 were tortured during the time Pinochet was in government.
Under the influence of the free market-oriented neoliberal "Chicago Boys", the military government implemented economic reforms, including currency stabilization, tariff cutting, opening Chile's markets to global trade, restricting labor unions, privatizing social security, and the privatization of hundreds of state-controlled industries. These policies produced what has been referred to as the "Miracle of Chile," but critics claim the government policies dramatically increased economic inequality. However, the devastating effect of the 1982 monetary crisis in the Chilean economy can be attributed to the Finance Minister Sergio de Castro's decision to peg Chile's currency to the U.S. dollar - to align Chile's high inflation rate with the U.S. inflation rate, but triggered a tremendous devaluation when the U.S. dollar fell, and set off a bank crisis. Economist Milton Friedman, whose ideas influenced the Chicago Boys, criticized de Castro for his decision as it distorted markets. Chile was, for most of the 1990s, the best-performing economy in Latin America, though academics continue to dispute the legacy of Pinochet's reforms.
Pinochet's 17-year rule was given a legal framework through a controversial 1980 plebiscite, which approved a new Constitution drafted by a government-appointed commission. In a 1988 plebiscite 56% voted against Pinochet's continuing as president, which led to democratic elections for the Presidency and Congress. After stepping down in 1990, Pinochet continued to serve as Commander-in-Chief of the Chilean Army until 10 March 1998, when he retired and became a senator-for-life in accordance with his 1980 Constitution. However, Pinochet was arrested under an international arrest warrant on a visit to London on 10 October 1998 in connection with numerous human rights allegations. Following a legal battle he was released on grounds of ill-health, and returned to Chile in March 2000. In 2004, Chilean Judge Juan Guzmán Tapia ruled that Pinochet was medically fit to stand trial and placed him under house arrest. By the time of his death on 10 December 2006, about 300 criminal charges were still pending against him in Chile for numerous human rights violations during his 17-year rule, and tax evasion and embezzlement during and after his rule; he was accused of having corruptly amassed at least US$28 million.
Early life and military career.
Pinochet was born in Valparaíso, the son of Augusto Pinochet Vera, descendant of a French Breton immigrant from Lamballe, and Avelina Ugarte Martínez, a woman of Basque descent. Pinochet went to primary and secondary school at the San Rafael Seminary of Valparaíso, the Rafael Ariztía Institute (Marist Brothers) in Quillota, the French Fathers' School of Valparaíso, and then to the Military School in Santiago, which he entered in 1931. In 1935, after four years of study, he graduated with the rank of "alférez" (Second Lieutenant) in the infantry. In September 1937, Pinochet was assigned to the "Chacabuco" Regiment, in Concepción. Two years later, in 1939, then with the rank of Sub-lieutenant, he moved to the "Maipo" Regiment, garrisoned in Valparaíso. He returned to Infantry School in 1940. On 30 January 1943, Pinochet married Lucía Hiriart Rodríguez, with whom he had five children: Inés Lucía, María Verónica, Jacqueline Marie, Augusto Osvaldo, and Marco Antonio.
By late 1945 Pinochet had been assigned to the "Carampangue" Regiment in the northern city of Iquique. Three years later, he entered the War Academy but had to postpone his studies because, being the youngest officer, he had to carry out a service mission in the coal zone of Lota. The following year he returned to his studies in the Academy, and after obtaining the title of Officer Chief of Staff, in 1951, he returned to teach at the Military School. At the same time, he worked as a teachers' aide at the War Academy, giving military geography and geopolitics classes. He was also the editor of the institutional magazine "Cien Águilas" ("One Hundred Eagles"). At the beginning of 1953, with the rank of major, he was sent for two years to the "Rancagua" Regiment in Arica. While there, he was appointed professor of the Chilean War Academy, and returned to Santiago to take up his new position.
In 1956 Pinochet and a group of young officers were chosen to form a military mission to collaborate in the organization of the War Academy of Ecuador in Quito. He remained with the Quito mission for three-and-a-half years, during which time he studied geopolitics, military geography and military intelligence. It has been alleged that, while in Quito, Pinochet had a romance with Piedad Noe and fathered a boy named Juan. At the end of 1959 he returned to Chile and was sent to General Headquarters of the 1st Army Division, based in Antofagasta. The following year, he was appointed commander of the "Esmeralda" Regiment. Due to his success in this position, he was appointed Sub-director of the War Academy in 1963. In 1968, he was named Chief of Staff of the 2nd Army Division, based in Santiago, and at the end of that year, he was promoted to brigadier general and Commander in Chief of the 6th Division, garrisoned in Iquique. In his new function, he was also appointed Intendent of the Tarapacá Province.
In January 1971, Pinochet was promoted to division general, and was named General Commander of the Santiago Army Garrison. At the beginning of 1972 he was appointed General Chief of Staff of the Army. With rising domestic strife in Chile, after General Prats resigned his position, Pinochet was appointed commander-in-chief of the Army on 23 August 1973 by President Salvador Allende just the day after the Chamber of Deputies of Chile approved a asserting that the government was not respecting the Constitution. Less than a month later, the Chilean military deposed Allende.
Military coup of 1973.
On 11 September 1973 the combined Chilean Armed Forces (the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Carabineros) overthrew Allende's government in a coup, during which the presidential palace, La Moneda, was shelled and Allende died. While the military later claimed that he had committed suicide, controversy has surrounded Allende's death, with many claiming that he had been assassinated.
In his memoirs Pinochet said that he was the leading plotter of the coup and had used his position as commander-in-chief of the Army to coordinate a far-reaching scheme with the other two branches of the military and the national police. In later years, however, high military officials from the time have said that Pinochet reluctantly became involved only a few days before the coup was scheduled to occur, and followed the lead of the other branches (especially the Navy, under Merino) as they executed the coup.
The new government rounded up thousands of people and held them in the national stadium, where many were killed. This was followed by brutal repression during Pinochet's rule, during which about 3,000 people were killed, and more than 1,000 are still missing.
In the months that followed the coup, the "junta", with authoring work by historian Gonzalo Vial and admiral Patricio Carvajal, published a book titled "El Libro Blanco del cambio de gobierno en Chile" (commonly known as "El Libro Blanco", "The White Book of the Change of Government in Chile"), where they said that they were in fact anticipating a self-coup (the alleged "Plan Zeta", or Plan Z) that Allende's government or its associates were purportedly preparing. United States intelligence agencies believed the plan to be untrue propaganda. Although later discredited and officially recognized as the product of political propaganda, some Chilean historians pointed to the similarities between the alleged Plan Z and other existing paramilitary plans of the Popular Unity parties in support of its legitimacy.
Canadian Jean Charpentier of Télévision de Radio-Canada was the first foreign journalist to interview General Pinochet following the coup.
U.S. backing of the coup.
The Church Report investigating the fallout of the watergate scandal stated that while the U.S. tacitly supported the Pinochet government after the 1973 coup, there was "no evidence" that the US was directly involved in the coup. This view has been contradicted by several academics, such as Peter Winn, who writes that the role of the CIA was crucial to the consolidation of power after the coup; the CIA helped fabricate a conspiracy against the Allende government, which Pinochet was then portrayed as preventing. He states that the coup itself was possible only through a three-year covert operation mounted by the United States. He also points out that the US imposed an "invisible blockade" that was designed to disrupt the economy under Allende, and contributed to the destabilization of the regime. Author Peter Kornbluh argues in his book The Pinochet File that the US was extensively involved and actively "fomented" the 1973 coup. Authors Tim Weiner, in his book, , and Christopher Hitchens, in his book, The Trial of Henry Kissinger similarly argue the case that US covert actions actively destabilized Allende’s government and set the stage for the 1973 coup.
The U.S. provided material support to the military government after the coup, although criticizing it in public. A document released by the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in 2000, titled "CIA Activities in Chile", revealed that the CIA actively supported the military junta after the overthrow of Allende, and that it made many of Pinochet's officers into paid contacts of the CIA or U.S. military, even though some were known to be involved in human rights abuses. The CIA also maintained contacts in the Chilean DINA intelligence service. DINA was involved in crimes against human rights, and its leaders, under Pinochet's direct command, led the multinational "anti-communism campaign" known as Operation Condor, which amongst other activities carried out assassinations of prominent politicians and activists of left-wing views, but not involved in illegal activities, in various Latin American countries, in Washington, D.C., and in Europe (see section below). In particular, CIA contact with DINA head Manuel Contreras was established in 1974 soon after the coup, during the Junta period prior to official transfer of Presidential powers to Pinochet; in 1975, the CIA reviewed a warning that keeping Contreras as an asset might threaten human rights in the region. The CIA chose to keep him as an asset, and at one point even paid him. In addition to the CIA's maintaining of assets in DINA beginning soon after the coup, several CIA assets, such as CORU Cuban exile militants Orlando Bosch and Guillermo Novo, collaborated in DINA operations under the Condor Plan in the early years of Pinochet's presidency.
Military junta.
A military junta was established immediately following the coup, made up of General Pinochet representing the Army, Admiral José Toribio Merino representing the Navy, General Gustavo Leigh representing the Air Force, and General César Mendoza representing the "Carabineros" (national police). As established the junta exercised both executive and legislative functions of the government, suspended the Constitution and the Congress, imposed strict censorship and curfew, banned all parties and halted all political activities. This military junta held the executive role until 17 December 1974, after which it remained strictly as a legislative body, the executive powers being transferred to Pinochet with the title of President.
Presidency.
The junta members originally planned that the presidency would be held for a year by the commanders-in-chief of each of the four military branches in turn. However, Pinochet soon consolidated his control, first retaining sole chairmanship of the military junta, and then proclaiming himself "Supreme Chief of the Nation" (de facto provisional president) on 27 June 1974. He officially changed his title to "President" on 17 December 1974. General Leigh, head of the Air Force, became increasingly opposed to Pinochet's policies and was forced into retirement on 24 July 1978, after contradicting Pinochet on that year's plebiscite (officially called Consulta Nacional, or National Consultation, in response to a UN resolution condemning Pinochet's government). He was replaced by General Fernando Matthei.
Pinochet organized a plebiscite on 11 September 1980 to ratify a new constitution, replacing the 1925 Constitution drafted during Arturo Alessandri's presidency. The new Constitution, partly drafted by Jaime Guzmán, a close adviser to Pinochet who later founded the right-wing party Independent Democratic Union (UDI), gave a lot of power to the President of the Republic—Pinochet. It created some new institutions, such as the Constitutional Tribunal and the controversial National Security Council (COSENA). It also prescribed an 8-year presidential period, and a single-candidate presidential referendum in 1988, where a candidate nominated by the Junta would be approved or rejected for another 8-year period. The new constitution was approved by a margin of 67.04% to 30.19% according to official figures; the opposition, headed by ex-president Eduardo Frei Montalva (who had supported Pinochet's coup), denounced extensive irregularities such as the lack of an electoral register, which facilitated multiple voting, and said that the total number of votes reported to have been cast was very much larger than would be expected from the size of the electorate and turnout in previous elections. Interviews after Pinochet's departure with people involved with the referendum confirmed that fraud had, indeed, been widespread. The Constitution was promulgated on 21 October 1980, taking effect on 11 March 1981. Pinochet was replaced as President of the Junta that day by Admiral Merino.
In a massive operation spearheaded by Chilean Army para-commandos, some 2,000 security forces troops were deployed in the mountains of Neltume from June to November 1981, where they destroyed two MIR bases, seizing large caches of munitions and killing a number of guerrillas.
In a 1985 report, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights stated that it hoped that "the case now under way will lead to the identification and punishment of the persons responsible for the execution of so culpable an act." Eventually, six members of the police secret service were given life sentences.
According to a book by Ozren Agnic Krstulovic, weapons including C-4 plastic explosives, RPG-7 and M72 LAW rocket launchers as well as more than 3,000 M-16 rifles were smuggled into the country by opponents of the government.
In September weapons from the same source were used in an unsuccessful assassination attempt against Pinochet by the FPMR. His military bodyguard was taken by surprise, and five members were killed. Pinochet's bulletproof Mercedes Benz vehicle was struck by a rocket, but it failed to explode and Pinochet suffered only minor injuries.
Suppression of opposition.
Almost immediately after the military's seizure of power, the junta banned all the leftist parties that had constituted Allende's UP coalition.
All other parties were placed in "indefinite recess" and were later banned outright. The government's violence was directed not only against dissidents but also against their families and other civilians.
The Rettig Report concluded 2,279 persons who disappeared during the military government were killed for political reasons or as a result of political violence. According to the later Valech Report approximately 31,947 were tortured and 1,312 exiled. The exiles were chased all over the world by the intelligence agencies. In Latin America, this was made in the frame of Operation Condor, a cooperation plan between the various intelligence agencies of South American countries, assisted by a United States CIA communication base in Panama. Pinochet believed these operations were necessary in order to "save the country from communism". In 2011 the commission identified an additional 9,800 victims of political repression during Pinochet's rule, increasing the total number of victims to approximately 40,018, including 3,065 killed.
Some political scientists have ascribed the relative bloodiness of the coup to the stability of the existing democratic system, which required extreme action to overturn. Some of the most infamous cases of human rights violation occurred during the early period: in October 1973, at least 70 people were killed throughout the country by the Caravan of Death. Charles Horman, a US journalist, "disappeared", as did Víctor Olea Alegría, a member of the Socialist Party, and many others, in 1973.
Many other important officials of Allende's government were tracked down by the DINA in the frame of Operation Condor. General Carlos Prats, Pinochet's predecessor and army commander under Allende, who had resigned rather than support the moves against Allende's government, was assassinated in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in 1974. A year later, the murder of 119 opponents abroad was disguised as an internal conflict, the DINA setting up a propaganda campaign to support this idea (Operation Colombo), a campaign publicised by the leading newspaper in Chile, El Mercurio.
Other victims of Condor included, among hundreds of less famous persons, Juan José Torres, the former President of Bolivia, assassinated in Buenos Aires on 2 June 1976; Carmelo Soria, a UN diplomat working for the CEPAL, assassinated in July 1976;
Orlando Letelier, a former Chilean ambassador to the United States and minister in Allende's cabinet, assassinated after his release from internment and exile in Washington, D.C. by a car bomb on 21 September 1976. This led to strained relations with the US and to the extradition of Michael Townley, a US citizen who worked for the DINA and had organized Letelier's assassination. Other targeted victims, who escaped assassination, included Christian-Democrat Bernardo Leighton, who escaped an assassination attempt in Rome in 1975 by the Italian terrorist Stefano delle Chiaie; Carlos Altamirano, the leader of the Chilean Socialist Party, targeted for murder in 1975 by Pinochet, along with Volodia Teitelboim, member of the Communist Party; Pascal Allende, the nephew of Salvador Allende and president of the MIR, who escaped an assassination attempt in Costa Rica in March 1976; US Congressman Edward Koch, who became aware in 2001 of relations between death threats and his denunciation of Operation Condor, etc. Furthermore, according to current investigations, Eduardo Frei Montalva, the Christian Democrat President of Chile from 1964 to 1970, may have been poisoned in 1982 by toxin produced by DINA biochemist Eugenio Berrios.
Protests continued, however, during the 1980s, leading to several scandals. In March 1985, the savage murder of three Communist Party members led to the resignation of César Mendoza, head of the Carabineros and member of the "junta" since its formation. During a 1986 protest against Pinochet, 21 year old American photographer Rodrigo Rojas DeNegri and 18 year old student Carmen Gloria Quintana were burnt alive, with only Carmen surviving.
In August 1989, Marcelo Barrios Andres, a 21 year-old member of the FPMR (the armed wing of the PCC, created in 1983, which had attempted to assassinate Pinochet on 7 September 1986), was assassinated by a group of military personnel who were supposed to arrest him on orders of Valparaíso's public prosecutor. However, they simply executed him; this case was included in the Rettig Report. Among the killed and disappeared during the military junta were 440 MIR guerrillas.
Economic policy.
In 1973, the Chilean economy was deeply hurt for several reasons, including the expropriation of 600 businesses by the Marxist Allende government, a tiered exchange rate that distorted markets, protectionism, and the economic sanctions imposed by the Nixon administration, inflation was 1000%, the country had no foreign reserves, and GDP was falling. By mid-1975, the government set forth an economic policy of free-market reforms that attempted to stop inflation and collapse. Pinochet declared that he wanted "to make Chile not a nation of proletarians, but a nation of proprietors." To formulate the economic rescue, the government relied on the so-called Chicago Boys and a text called "El ladrillo".
Wages decreased by 8%. Family allowances in 1989 were 28% of what they had been in 1970 and the budgets for education, health and housing had dropped by over 20% on average The junta relied on the middle class, the oligarchy, foreign corporations, and foreign loans to maintain itself. Businesses recovered most of their lost industrial and agricultural holdings, for the junta returned properties to original owners who had lost them during expropriations, and sold other industries expropriated by Allende's Popular Unity government to private buyers. This period saw the expansion of business and widespread speculation.
Financial conglomerates became major beneficiaries of the liberalized economy and the flood of foreign bank loans. Large foreign banks reinstated the credit cycle, as the Junta saw that the basic state obligations, such as resuming payment of principal and interest installments, were honored. International lending organizations such as the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund, and the Inter-American Development Bank lent vast sums anew. Many foreign multinational corporations such as International Telephone and Telegraph (ITT), Dow Chemical, and Firestone, all expropriated by Allende, returned to Chile. Pinochet's policies eventually led to substantial GDP growth, in contrast to the negative growth seen in the early years of his administration. Foreign debt also grew substantially under Pinochet, rising 300% between 1974 and 1988.
His government implemented an economic model that had three main objectives: economic liberalization, privatization of state owned companies, and stabilization of inflation. In 1985, the government started with a second round of privatization, it revised previously introduced tariff increases and gave a greater supervisory role for the Central Bank. Pinochet's market liberalizations have continued after his death, led by Patricio Aylwin.
1988 referendum and transition to democracy.
According to the transitional provisions of the 1980 Constitution, a referendum was scheduled for 5 October 1988, to vote on a new eight-year presidential term for Pinochet. Confronted with increasing opposition, notably at the international level, Pinochet legalized political parties in 1987 and called for a plebiscite to determine whether or not he would remain in power until 1997. If the "YES" won, Pinochet would have to implement the dispositions of the 1980 Constitution, mainly the call for general elections, while he would himself remain in power as President. If the "NO" won, Pinochet would remain President for another year, and a joint Presidential and Parliamentary election would be scheduled.
Another reason of Pinochet's decision to call for elections was the April 1987 visit of Pope John Paul II to Chile. According to the US Catholic author George Weigel, he held a meeting with Pinochet during which they discussed a return to democracy. John Paul II allegedly pushed Pinochet to accept a democratic opening of his government, and even called for his resignation.
Political advertising was legalized on 5 September 1987, as a necessary element for the campaign for the "NO" to the referendum, which countered the official campaign, which presaged a return to a Popular Unity government in case of a defeat of Pinochet. The Opposition, gathered into the "Concertación de Partidos por el NO" ("Coalition of Parties for NO"), organized a colorful and cheerful campaign under the slogan "La alegría ya viene" ("Joy is coming"). It was formed by the Christian Democracy, the Socialist Party and the Radical Party, gathered in the "Alianza Democrática" (Democratic Alliance). In 1988, several more parties, including the Humanist Party, the Ecologist Party, the Social Democrats, and several Socialist Party splinter groups added their support.
On 5 October 1988, the "NO" option won with 55.99% of the votes, against 44.01% of "YES" votes. Pinochet complied, so the ensuing Constitutional process led to presidential and legislative elections the following year.
The Coalition changed its name to "Concertación de Partidos por la Democracia" (Coalition of Parties for Democracy) and put forward Patricio Aylwin, a Christian Democrat who had opposed Allende, as presidential candidate, and also proposed a list of candidates for the parliamentary elections. The opposition and the Pinochet government made several negotiations to amend the Constitution and agreed to 54 modifications. These amendments changed the way the Constitution would be modified in the future, added restrictions to state of emergency dispositions, the affirmation of political pluralism, and enhanced constitutional rights as well as the democratic principle and participation to political life. In July 1989, a referendum on the proposed changes took place, supported by all the parties except the right-wing Avanzada Nacional. The Constitutional changes were approved by 91.25% of the voters.
Thereafter, Aylwin won the December 1989 presidential election with 55% of the votes, against less than 30% for the right-wing candidate, Hernán Büchi, who had been Pinochet's Minister of Finances since 1985 (there was also a third-party candidate, Francisco Javier Errázuriz, a wealthy aristocrat representing the extreme economic right, who garnered the remaining 15%). Pinochet thus left the presidency on 11 March 1990 and transferred power to the new democratically elected president.
The "Concertación" also won the majority of votes for the Parliament. However, due to the "binomial" representation system included in the constitution, the elected senators did not achieve a complete majority in Parliament, a situation that would last for over 15 years. This forced them to negotiate all law projects with the Alliance for Chile (originally called "Democracy and Progress" and then "Union for Chile"), a center-right coalition involving the "Unión Demócrata Independiente" (UDI) and "Renovación Nacional" (RN), parties composed mainly of Pinochet's supporters.
Due to the transitional provisions of the constitution, Pinochet remained as Commander-in-Chief of the Army until March 1998. He was then sworn in as a senator-for-life, a privilege granted by the 1980 constitution to former presidents with at least six years in office. His senatorship and consequent immunity from prosecution protected him from legal action. These were possible in Chile only after Pinochet was arrested in 1998 in the United Kingdom, on an extradition request issued by Spanish judge Baltasar Garzón, allegations of abuses had been made numerous times before his arrest, but never acted upon. The extradition attempt was dramatised in the 2006 BBC television docudrama "Pinochet in Suburbia", with Pinochet played by Derek Jacobi.
Relationship with UK.
Chile was officially neutral during the Falklands War, but Chile's Westinghouse long range radar that was deployed in the south of the country gave the British task force early warning of Argentinian air attacks. This allowed British ships and troops in the war zone to take defensive action. Margaret Thatcher, the British prime minister at the time of the war, has said that the day the radar was taken out of service for overdue maintenance was the day Argentinian fighter-bombers bombed the troopships Sir Galahad and Sir Tristram, leaving 53 dead and many injured. According to Chilean Junta member and former Air Force commander Fernando Matthei, Chilean support included military intelligence gathering, radar surveillance, allowing British aircraft to operate with Chilean colours, and facilitating the safe return of British special forces, among other forms of assistance. In April and May 1982, a squadron of mothballed British Hawker Hunter fighter-bombers departed for Chile, arriving on 22 May and allowing the Chilean Air Force to reform the No. 9 "Las Panteras Negras" Squadron. A further consignment of three frontier surveillance and shipping reconnaissance Canberras left for Chile in October. Some authors have speculated that Argentina might have won the war had the military felt able to employ the elite VIth and VIIIth Mountain Brigades, which remained sitting in the Andes guarding against possible Chilean incursions. Pinochet subsequently visited the UK on more than one occasion. Pinochet's controversial relationship with Thatcher led Labour Prime Minister Tony Blair to mock Thatcher's Conservatives as "the party of Pinochet" in 1999.
Ideology and public image.
Pinochet and his government have been characterised as fascist. For example, author Samuel Chavkin, in his book "Storm Over Chile: The Junta Under Siege", repeatedly characterizes both Pinochet himself and the military dictatorship as fascist. The Trotskyist International Committee of the Fourth International also described Pinochet's government as fascist.
However, he and his government are generally excluded from academic typologies of fascism. Roger Griffin included Pinochet in a group of pseudo-populist despots distinct from fascism and including the likes of Saddam Hussein, Suharto, and Ferdinand Marcos. He argues that such regimes may be considered populist ultra-nationalism but lack the palingenesis necessary to make them conform to the model of palingenetic ultranationalism. Robert Paxton meanwhile compared Pinochet's regime to that of Mobutu Sese Seko in the former Zaire (now Democratic Republic of the Congo), arguing that both were merely client states that lacked popular acclaim and the ability to expand. He further argued that had Pinochet attempted to build true fascism, the regime would likely have been toppled or at least been forced to alter its relationship to the United States. Anna Cento Bull also excluded Pinochet from fascism, although she has argued that his regime belongs to a strand of Cold War anti-communism that was happy to accommodate neo-fascist elements within its activity.
"World Fascism: a Historical encyclopedia" notes:
Although he was authoritarian and ruled dictatorially, Pinochet's support of neoliberal economic policies and his unwillingness to support national businesses distinguished him from classical fascists.
The notion of Pinochet's "unwillingness to support national businesses" has been challenged by such critics, including Noam Chomsky; indeed, the copper industry remained nationalized throughout Pinochet's presidency and remains so to this day.
Pinochet himself expressed his project in government as a national restoration inspired in Diego Portales, a figure of the early republic:
Jacobo Timerman has called the Chilean army under Pinochet “the last Prussian army in the world", suggesting a pre-Fascist origin to the model of Pinochet's military government.
Historian Alfredo Jocelyn-Holt has referred to Pinochet's figure as "totemic" and added that it is a scapegoat that attracts "all hate". Gabriel Salazar, also a historian, has lamented the lack of an international condemnation of Pinochet in court, since, according to Salazar, that would have damaged his image "irreparably" and that of the judicial system of Chile the good too.
Nicknames.
Supporters sometimes refer to Pinochet as "mi general" (the military salutation for a general) while opponents call him "pinocho" (Spanish for "Pinocchio", from the children's story). A common nickname used by both opponents and supporters is "el tata" (Spanish equivalent of "the grandpa"). After the Riggs Bank scandal he has been referred to sarcastically as "Daniel Lopez", one of the fake identities he used to deposit money in the bank.
Arrest and court cases in Britain.
The case was a watershed event in judicial history, as it was the first time that a former government head was arrested on the principle of universal jurisdiction.
After having been placed under house arrest in Britain in October 1998 and initiating a judicial and public relations battle, the latter run by Thatcherite political operative Patrick Robertson, he was eventually released in March 2000 on medical grounds by the Home Secretary Jack Straw without facing trial. Straw had overruled a House of Lords decision to extradite Pinochet.
Return to Chile.
Pinochet returned to Chile on 3 March 2000. His first act when landing in Santiago's airport was to triumphantly get up from his wheelchair to the acclaim of his supporters. He was first greeted by his successor as head of the Chilean armed forces, General Ricardo Izurieta. President-elect Ricardo Lagos said the retired general's televised arrival had damaged the image of Chile, while thousands demonstrated against him.
In March 2000 Congress approved a constitutional amendment creating the status of "ex-president," which granted its holder immunity from prosecution and a financial allowance; this replaced Pinochet's senatorship-for-life. 111 legislators voted for, and 29 against.
The Supreme Court ruled in favor of judge Juan Guzmán's request on August 2000, and Pinochet was indicted on 1 December 2000 for the kidnapping of 75 opponents in the Caravan of Death case. Guzmán advanced the charge of kidnapping as the 75 were officially "disappeared": even though they were all most likely dead, the absence of their corpses made any charge of "homicide" difficult.
However, in July 2002, the Supreme Court dismissed Pinochet's indictment in the various human rights abuse cases, for medical reasons (vascular dementia). The debate concerned Pinochet's mental faculties, his legal team claiming that he was senile and could not remember, while others (including several physicians) claimed that he was only affected physically but retained all control of his faculties. The same year, the prosecuting attorney Hugo Guttierez, in charge of the Caravan of Death case, declared, "Our country has the degree of justice that the political transition permits us to have."
Pinochet resigned from his senatorial seat shortly after the Supreme Court's July 2002 ruling. In May 2004, the Supreme Court overturned its precedent decision, and ruled that he was capable of standing trial. In arguing their case, the prosecution presented a recent TV interview Pinochet had given for a Miami-based television network, which raised doubts about his alleged mental incapacity. In December 2004 he was charged with several crimes, including the 1974 assassination of General Prats and the Operation Colombo case in which 119 died, and was again placed under house arrest. He suffered a stroke on 18 December 2004. Questioned by his judges in order to know if, as President, he was the direct head of DINA, he answered: "I don't remember, but it's not true. And if it were true, I don't remember."
In January 2005 the Chilean Army accepted institutional responsibility for past human rights abuses. In 2006 Pinochet was indicted for kidnappings and torture at the Villa Grimaldi detention center by judge Alejandro Madrid (Guzmán's successor), as well as for the 1995 assassination of the DINA biochemist Eugenio Berrios, himself involved in the Letelier case. Berrios, who had worked with Michael Townley, had produced sarin gas, anthrax and botulism in the Bacteriological War Army Laboratory for Pinochet; these materials were used against political opponents. The DINA biochemist was also alleged to have created black cocaine, which Pinochet then sold in Europe and the United States. The money for the drug trade was allegedly deposited into Pinochet's bank accounts. Pinochet's son Marco Antonio, who had been accused of participating in the drug trade, in 2006 denied claims of drug trafficking in his father's administration and said that he would sue Manuel Contreras, who had said that Pinochet sold cocaine.
On 25 November 2006 Pinochet marked his 91st birthday by having his wife read a statement he had written to admirers present for his birthday: "I assume the political responsibility for all that has been done." Two days later, he was again sentenced to house arrest for the kidnapping and murder of two bodyguards of Salvador Allende who were arrested the day of the 1973 coup and executed by firing squad during the Caravan of Death.
However, Pinochet died a few days later, on 10 December 2006, without having been convicted of any of the crimes of which he was accused.
Secret bank accounts, tax evasion and arms deal.
In 2004, a United States Senate money laundering investigation led by Senators Carl Levin (D-MI) and Norm Coleman (R-MN)—ordered in the wake of the 11 September 2001 attacks—uncovered a network of over 125 securities and bank accounts at Riggs Bank and other U.S. financial institutions used by Pinochet and his associates for twenty-five years to secretly move millions of dollars.
Though the subcommittee was charged only with investigating compliance of financial institutions under the USA PATRIOT Act, and not the Pinochet regime, Senator Coleman noted:
Over several months in 2005, Chilean judge Sergio Muñoz indicted Augusto Pinochet's wife, Lucia Hiriart; four of his children — Marco Antonio, Jacqueline, Veronica and Lucia Pinochet; his personal secretary, Monica Ananias; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation. In January 2006, daughter Lucia Pinochet was detained at Washington DC-Dulles airport and subsequently deported while attempting to evade the tax charges in Chile. In January 2007, the Santiago Court of Appeals revoked most of the indictment from Judge Carlos Cerda against the Pinochet family. But Pinochet's five children, his wife and 17 other persons (including two generals, one of his former lawyer and former secretary) were arrested in October 2007 on charges of embezzlement and use of false passports. They are accused of having illegally transferred $27m (£13.2m) to foreign bank accounts during Pinochet's rule.
In September 2005, a joint investigation by "The Guardian" and "La Tercera" revealed that the British arms firm BAE Systems had been identified as paying more than £1m to Pinochet, through a front company in the British Virgin Islands, which BAE has used to channel commission on arms deals. The payments began in 1997 and lasted until 2004.
Furthermore, in 2007, fifteen years of investigation led to the conclusion that the 1992 assassination of DINA Colonel Gerardo Huber was most probably related to various illegal arms traffic carried out, after Pinochet's resignation from power, by military circles very close to himself. Huber had been assassinated a short time before he was due to testify in the case concerning the 1991 illegal export of weapons to Croatian army. The deal involved 370 tons of weapons, sold to Croatia by Chile on 7 December 1991, when the former country was under a United Nations' embargo because of the support for Croatia war in Yugoslavia. In January 1992, the judge Hernán Correa de la Cerda wanted to hear Gerardo Huber in this case, but the latter may have been silenced to avoid implicating Pinochet in this new case—although the latter was not anymore President, he remained at the time Commander-in-Chief of the Army. Pinochet was at the center of this illegal arms trade, receiving money through various offshores and front companies, including the Banco Coutts International in Miami.
Pinochet was stripped of his parliamentary immunity in August 2000 by the Supreme Court, and indicted by judge Juan Guzmán Tapia. Guzmán had ordered in 1999 the arrest of five militarists, including General Pedro Espinoza Bravo of the DINA, for their role in the Caravan of Death following the 11 September coup. Arguing that the bodies of the "disappeared" were still missing, he made jurisprudence, which had as effect to lift any prescription on the crimes committed by the military. Pinochet's trial continued until his death on 10 December 2006, with an alternation of indictments for specific cases, lifting of immunities by the Supreme Court or to the contrary immunity from prosecution, with his health a main argument for, or against, his prosecution.
The Supreme Court affirmed, in March 2005, Pinochet's immunity concerning the 1974 assassination of General Carlos Prats in Buenos Aires, which had taken place in the frame of Operation Condor. However, he was deemed fit to stand trial for Operation Colombo, during which 119 political opponents were "disappeared" in Argentina. The Chilean justice also lifted his immunity on the Villa Grimaldi case, a detention and torture center in the outskirts of Santiago. Pinochet, who still benefited from a reputation of righteousness from his supporters, lost legitimacy when he was put under house arrest on tax fraud and passport forgery, following the publication by the US Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of a report concerning the Riggs Bank in July 2004. The report was a consequence of investigations on financial funding of the 11 September 2001 attacks in the US. The bank controlled between US$4 million and $8 million of Pinochet's assets, who lived in Santiago in a modest house, dissimulating his wealth. According to the report, Riggs participated in money laundering for Pinochet, setting up offshore shell corporations (referring to Pinochet as only "a former public official"), and hiding his accounts from regulatory agencies. Related to Pinochet's and his family secret bank accounts in United States and in Caribbean islands, this tax fraud filing for an amount of 27 million dollars shocked the conservative sectors who still supported him. Ninety percent of these funds would have been raised between 1990 and 1998, when Pinochet was chief of the Chilean armies, and would essentially have come from weapons traffic (when purchasing Belgian 'Mirage' air-fighters in 1994, Dutch 'Léopard' tanks, Swiss 'Mowag' tanks or by illegal sales of weapons to Croatia, in the middle of the Balkans war.) His wife, Lucía Hiriart, and his son, Marco Antonio Pinochet, were also sued for complicity. For the fourth time in seven years, Pinochet was indicted by the Chilean justice.
Human rights violations.
Pinochet's regime was responsible for various human rights abuses during its reign including murder and torture of political opponents. According to a government commission report that included testimony from more than 30,000 people, Pinochet's government killed at least 3,197 people and tortured about 29,000. Two-thirds of the cases listed in the report happened in 1973.
Professor Clive Foss, in "The Tyrants: 2500 Years of Absolute Power and Corruption" (Quercus Publishing 2006), estimates that 1,500–2,000 Chileans were killed or disappeared during the Pinochet regime. In October 1979, the "New York Times" reported that Amnesty International had documented the disappearance of approximately 1,500 Chileans since 1973. Among the killed and disappeared during the military regime were at least 663 Marxist MIR guerrillas. The Manuel Rodríguez Patriotic Front, however, has stated that only 49 FPMR guerrillas were killed but hundreds detained and tortured. According to a study in Latin American Perspectives, at least 200,000 Chileans (about 2% of Chile's 1973 population) were forced to go into exile. Additionally, hundreds of thousands left the country in the wake of the economic crises that followed the military coup during the 1970s and 1980s. Some of the key individuals who fled because of political persecution were followed in their exile by the DINA secret police, in the framework of Operation Condor, which linked South American military dictatorships together against political opponents.
Death.
Pinochet suffered a heart attack on the morning of 3 December 2006, and subsequently the same day he was given the last rites. On 4 December 2006, the Chilean Court of Appeals ordered the release of his house arrest. On 10 December 2006 at 13:30 local time (16:30 UTC) he was taken to the intensive care unit. He died of congestive heart failure and pulmonary edema, surrounded by family members, at the Military Hospital at 14:15 local time (17:15 UTC).
Demonstrations.
Massive spontaneous street demonstrations broke out throughout the country upon the learning of his death. In Santiago, opponents celebrated at the Alameda avenue, while supporters grieved outside the Military Hospital. Pinochet's remains were publicly exhibited on 11 December 2006 at the Military Academy in Las Condes. During this ceremony Francisco Cuadrado Prats, the grandson of Carlos Prats, a former Commander in Chief of the Army in Allende's Government, murdered by Pinochet's secret police, spat on the coffin, and was quickly surrounded by supporters of Pinochet, who kicked and insulted him. Pinochet's funeral took place the following day at the same venue before a gathering of 60,000 supporters.
Funeral.
In a government decision, he was not granted a state funeral, an honor normally bestowed upon all those who had been presidents of Chile, but a military funeral as former commander-in-chief of the Army appointed by President Salvador Allende. The government also refused to declare an official national day of mourning, but it did authorize flags at military barracks to be flown at half staff. Pinochet's coffin was also allowed to be draped in a Chilean flag. Socialist President Michelle Bachelet, whose father Alberto was temporarily imprisoned and tortured after the 1973 coup, dying shortly after from heart complications, said it would be "a violation of conscience" to attend a state funeral for Pinochet. The only government authority present at the public funeral was the Defense Minister, Vivianne Blanlot.
Cremation.
Pinochet's body was cremated in "Parque del Mar" cemetery, Concón on 12 December 2006, on his request to "avoid vandalism of his tomb," according to his son Marco Antonio. His ashes were delivered to his family later that day, and are deposited in one of his personal residences. The armed forces refused to allow his ashes to be deposited on any military grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="18933400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933400" title="Scarcity">
Scarcity

Scarcity is the fundamental economic problem of having seemingly unlimited human wants and needs in a world of limited resources. It states that society has insufficient productive resources to fulfill all human wants and needs. Additionally, scarcity implies that not all of society's goals can be pursued at the same time; trade-offs are made of one good against others. In an influential 1932 essay, Lionel Robbins defined economics as "the science which studies human behavior as a relationship between ends and scarce means which have alternative uses."
In biology, "scarcity" can refer to the uncommonness or rarity of certain species. Such species are often protected by local, national or international law in order to prevent extinction.

</doc>
<doc id="18933404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933404" title="William Holt (Jesuit)">
William Holt (Jesuit)

William Holt (1545–1599) was an English Jesuit.
Life.
Holt was born at Ashworth in Lancashire. He was educated at home, and entered Brasenose College, Oxford, in 1563, took the degree B.A. in 1566, was elected fellow of Oriel College on 29 February 1568, and preceded to the degree of M.A. in 1572. In 1573, he was incorporated M.A. at Cambridge.
His studies led him to dissatisfaction with religious affairs in England. In 1574 he left Oxford and was admitted into the English College, Douai where he continued his theological studies till 1576, when he was ordained and sent to Rome to help in the establishment of the English College, Rome. He entered the Society of Jesus on 10 November 1578. In 1581 he was sent to England to help in carrying out the work which had been begun by Robert Parsons and Edmund Campion. He was sent by Parsons on a mission to Scotland, together with William Crichton at the end of 1581. Their object was to open up communications with Esmé Stewart, 1st Duke of Lennox, procure the conversion or deposition of the young James VI, and send information to Mary and Philip II of Spain through the Spanish ambassador Mendoza. Holt further communicated with Henry I, Duke of Guise and in May 1582 had an interview with him in Paris. 
Elizabeth meanwhile had sent to Scotland Robert Bowes to counteract the influence of Lennox, and guard against the intrigues of the Jesuits in the Scottish court. In March 1583, Bowes prevailed on the king to authorise the arrest of Holt at Leith as he was on the point of setting out for France. Holt, who passed under the name of Peter Brereton, was kept for a time in Bowes’s custody, and the letters found on him were forwarded to Francis Walsingham. But James VI soon took him into his own hands, and ordered him to be imprisoned in Edinburgh Castle, while Elizabeth demanded his surrender as an English subject, and asked that at he should be put to the torture and compelled to confess. William Allen thought that Holt was tortured and withstood the ordeal with constancy; but Bowes's letters lead to the conclusion that torture was only threatened. James VI was himself concerned in some of Holt’s intrigues. At the end of June the king recovered his liberty from Gowrie, took matters into his own hands, and negotiated for French and Spanish help in an invasion on England. To rid himself of Bowes’s importunity about Holt, James allowed him to escape from Edinburgh Castle on 16 July, and took credit with the Duke of Guise for doing so. Holt sought refuge for a time in Flanders, and visited the college at Rheims. In 1585 he returned to Scotland to work in behalf of Mary, and was harboured by George Gordon, 6th Earl of Huntly in the north,
In 1586 Holt was summoned to Rome and made rector of the English College, a post which he held for a year and a half, when in 1588 he was transferred to Brussels, to act as agent for Philip II, and direct the political activity of the English exiles. There were two factions among the exiles; one, which was headed by Parsons and supported by Allen, looked to the help of Spain for the restoration of the Roman church in England; and the other party, which represented the wishes of the Romanists in England, was opposed by the Spanish succession, and hoped to make terms with James VI of Scotland. Holt was a partisan of the Spanish faction, and made no endeavour to conciliate his opponents. So long as Allen lived he managed to exert a moderating influence, but after his death in 1594 Holt's arbitrary character was left without a check. Elizabeth was afraid of the plots which were formed against her in the Low Countries, and wished to negotiate with the Archduke Ernest the surrender of Holt among others, but the ambassador was never sent. Edmund York, who was executed for high treason in 1595, is said to have confessed that Holt promised him forty thousand ducats if he would murder the queen, and the statement was repeated at Robert Southwell's trial; likewise Patrick O'Collun, executed in 1594, said that Holt had promised him a generous pension and granted him absolution for killing the Queen.
Representations against Holt were made to Pope Clement VIII, who said to Barret, "Accepi nuper litteras ex Belgio de quodam patre qui ibi dominator et tyrannizat". The question was referred to the Cardinal Archduke Albert, and by him committed to the father provincial for Germany, Oliver Manareus and Don Juan Battista de Tassis. Holt's friends procured signatures to two memorials in his favour. He was not removed from his office, but was admonished to be more conciliatory; and then was replaced in 1598. He went to Rome, and thence was sent to Spain where he died early in 1599, immediately after landing at Barcelona.
Works.
The only writing of Holt which is preserved is a memoir "Quibus modis ac mediis religio Catholica continuata est in Anglia", published by Knox, "Douay Diaries", pp. 376–384. Letters from him are in the "State Papers". A letter to him from Mary Queen of Scots is in Labanoff's "Lettres de Marie Stuart", vi. 333, &c.

</doc>
<doc id="18933407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933407" title="Nayobi">
Nayobi

Nayobi is an administrative ward in the Ngorongoro District of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 11,011.

</doc>
<doc id="18933408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933408" title="Germany women's national basketball team">
Germany women's national basketball team

The Germany women's national basketball team is the basketball team that represents Germany in international competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="18933410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933410" title="John B. Nelson">
John B. Nelson

John B. Nelson is an American Republican politician, former city councilman of Phoenix, Arizona former member of the Arizona House of Representatives and a current member of the Arizona Senate.
1983-1994.
In 1983, Nelson was elected to his first term as a council member representing what was then district 4 in Phoenix. In 1994, sitting mayor Paul Johnson had resigned from his office in accordance with Arizona law when he chose to run for the office of governor. As vice-mayor, Nelson assumed the position and duties of mayor for a short period between March 17 and March 28 of that year, until the council had selected an interim replacement in councilwoman Thelda Williams.
1999-2006.
Nelson won his fourth term on the city council as well as his third term as vice mayor in 1999. In 2000, however, he resigned his position in order to run for a seat in the state House of Representatives, winning his election and beginning his first term in the legislature in 2001 representing district 17. Following a redistricting, Nelson went on to win election in District 12 in 2002, where he and fellow representative Jerry Weires (as Arizona legislative districts are represented by 2 members) won reelection in 2004 and ran unopposed in 2006.
2008.
In 2008, Nelson successfully ran for the Arizona Senate in District 12.

</doc>
<doc id="18933413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933413" title="Leonard Rowland">
Leonard Rowland

Sir Leonard Bromfield Rowland (29 December 1862 – 18 December 1939) served as Mayor of Wrexham, Wales from 1915 to 1919.
Born in Wrexham and educated at Grove Park School in the town, he was elected to Wrexham Town Council in 1908. He was knighted in the 1920 New Year Honours for services to Wrexham.

</doc>
<doc id="18933423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933423" title="Olbalbal">
Olbalbal

Olbalbal is an administrative ward in the Ngorongoro District of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 7,561.

</doc>
<doc id="18933424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933424" title="Satyajit Ray">
Satyajit Ray

Satyajit Ray (, ; 2 May 1921 – 23 April 1992) was an Indian filmmaker, regarded as one of the greatest auteurs of world cinema. Ray was born in the city of Calcutta into a Bengali family prominent in the world of arts and literature. Starting his career as a commercial artist, Ray was drawn into independent filmmaking after meeting French filmmaker Jean Renoir and viewing Vittorio De Sica's Italian neorealist 1948 film "Bicycle Thieves" during a visit to London.
Ray directed 36 films, including feature films, documentaries and shorts. He was also a fiction writer, publisher, illustrator, calligrapher, graphic designer and film critic. He authored several short stories and novels, primarily aimed at children and adolescents. Feluda, the sleuth, and Professor Shonku, the scientist in his science fiction stories, are popular fictional characters created by him.
Ray's first film, "Pather Panchali" (1955), won eleven international prizes, including "Best Human Documentary" at the Cannes Film Festival. This film, "Aparajito" (1956), and "Apur Sansar" (1959) form "The Apu Trilogy". Ray did the scripting, casting, scoring, and editing, and designed his own credit titles and publicity material. Ray received many major awards in his career, including 32 Indian National Film Awards, a number of awards at international film festivals and award ceremonies, and an Academy Award in 1992. The Government of India honoured him with the Bharat Ratna in 1992.
Life and career.
Early life and background.
Satyajit Ray's ancestry can be traced back for at least ten generations. Ray's grandfather, Upendrakishore Ray was a writer, illustrator, philosopher, publisher, amateur astronomer and a leader of the Brahmo Samaj, a religious and social movement in nineteenth century Bengal. He also set up a printing press by the name of U. Ray and Sons, which formed a crucial backdrop to Satyajit's life. Sukumar Ray, Upendrakishore's son and father of Satyajit, was a pioneering Bengali writer of nonsense rhyme and children's literature, an illustrator and a critic. Ray was born to Sukumar and Suprabha Ray in Calcutta.
Sukumar Ray died when Satyajit was barely three, and the family survived on Suprabha Ray's meager income. Ray studied at Ballygunge Government High School, Calcutta, and completed his BA in economics at Presidency College, Calcutta, though his interest was always in fine arts. In 1940, his mother insisted that he study at the Visva-Bharati University at Santiniketan, founded by Rabindranath Tagore. Ray was reluctant due to his love of Calcutta, and the low opinion of the intellectual life at Santiniketan His mother's persuasion and his respect for Tagore finally convinced him to try. In Santiniketan, Ray came to appreciate Oriental art. He later admitted that he learned much from the famous painters Nandalal Bose and Benode Behari Mukherjee. Later he produced a documentary film, "The Inner Eye," about Mukherjee. His visits to Ajanta, Ellora and Elephanta stimulated his admiration for Indian art.
In 1943, Ray started work at D.J. Keymer, a British-run advertising agency, as a "junior visualiser," earning eighty rupees a month. Although he liked visual design (graphic design) and he was mostly treated well, there was tension between the British and Indian employees of the firm. The British were better paid, and Ray felt that "the clients were generally stupid." Later, Ray also worked for Signet Press, a new publishing house started by D. K. Gupta. Gupta asked Ray to create cover designs for books to be published by Signet Press and gave him complete artistic freedom. Ray designed covers for many books, including Jibanananda Das's "Banalata Sen", and "Rupasi Bangla", Bibhutibhushan Bandyopadhyay's Chander Pahar, Jim Corbett's "Maneaters of Kumaon," and Jawaharlal Nehru's "Discovery of India." He worked on a children's version of "Pather Panchali," a classic Bengali novel by Bibhutibhushan Bandyopadhyay, renamed as "Aam Antir Bhepu" ("The mango-seed whistle"). Designing the cover and illustrating the book, Ray was deeply influenced by the work. He used it as the subject of his first film, and featured his illustrations as shots in his ground-breaking film.
Along with Chidananda Dasgupta and others, Ray founded the Calcutta Film Society in 1947. They screened many foreign films, many of which Ray watched and seriously studied. He befriended the American GIs stationed in Calcutta during World War II, who kept him informed about the latest American films showing in the city. He came to know a RAF employee, Norman Clare, who shared Ray's passion for films, chess and western classical music.
In 1949, Ray married Bijoya Das, his first cousin and long-time sweetheart. The couple had a son, Sandip, who is now a film director. In the same year, French director Jean Renoir came to Calcutta to shoot his film "The River". Ray helped him to find locations in the countryside. Ray told Renoir about his idea of filming "Pather Panchali", which had long been on his mind, and Renoir encouraged him in the project. In 1950, D.J. Keymer sent Ray to London to work at its headquarters office. During his three months in London, Ray watched 99 films. Among these was the neorealist film "Ladri di biciclette" ("Bicycle Thief") (1948) by Vittorio De Sica, which had a profound impact on him. Ray later said that he came out of the theatre determined to become a film-maker.
The Apu years (1950–59).
Ray decided to use "Pather Panchali" (1928), the classic bildungsroman of Bengali literature, as the basis for his first film. The semi-autobiographical novel describes the maturation of Apu, a small boy in a Bengal village.
Ray gathered an inexperienced crew, although both his cameraman Subrata Mitra and art director Bansi Chandragupta went on to achieve great acclaim. The cast consisted of mostly amateur actors. He started shooting in late 1952 with his personal savings and hoped to raise more money once he had some passages shot, but did not succeed on his terms. As a result, Ray shot "Pather Panchali" over three years, an unusually long period, based on when he or his production manager Anil Chowdhury could raise additional funds. He refused funding from sources who wanted a change in script or supervision over production. He also ignored advice from the government to incorporate a happy ending, but he did receive funding that allowed him to complete the film. Ray showed an early film passage to Anglo-Irish director John Huston, who was in India scouting locations for "The Man Who Would Be King". The passage was of the vision which Apu and his sister have of the train running through the countryside, the only sequence which Ray had yet filmed due to his small budget. Huston notified Monroe Wheeler at the New York Museum of Modern Art (MOMA) that a major talent was on the horizon.
With a loan from the West Bengal government, Ray finally completed the film. It was released in 1955 to great critical and popular success. It earned numerous prizes and had long runs in both India and abroad. In India, the reaction to the film was enthusiastic; "The Times of India" wrote that "It is absurd to compare it with any other Indian cinema [...] "Pather Panchali" is pure cinema." In the United Kingdom, Lindsay Anderson wrote a glowing review of the film. But, the reaction was not uniformly positive. After watching the movie, François Truffaut is reported to have said, "I don’t want to see a movie of peasants eating with their hands." Bosley Crowther, then the most influential critic of "The New York Times", wrote a scathing review of the film. Its American distributor Ed Harrison was worried Crowther's review would dissuade audiences, but the film had an exceptionally long run when released in the United States.
Ray's international career started in earnest after the success of his next film, "Aparajito" ("The Unvanquished"). This film shows the eternal struggle between the ambitions of a young man, Apu, and the mother who loves him. Critics such as Mrinal Sen and Ritwik Ghatak rank it higher than Ray's first film. "Aparajito" won the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival, bringing Ray considerable acclaim. Before completing "The Apu Trilogy", Ray directed and released two other films: the comic "Parash Pathar" ("The Philosopher's Stone"), and "Jalsaghar" ("The Music Room"), a film about the decadence of the Zamindars, considered one of his most important works.
While making "Aparajito", Ray had not planned a trilogy, but after he was asked about the idea in Venice, it appealed to him. He finished the last of the trilogy, "Apur Sansar" ("The World of Apu") in 1959. Critics Robin Wood and Aparna Sen found this to be the supreme achievement of the trilogy. Ray introduced two of his favourite actors, Soumitra Chatterjee and Sharmila Tagore, in this film. It opens with Apu living in a Calcutta house in near-poverty. He becomes involved in an unusual marriage with Aparna. The scenes of their life together form "one of the cinema's classic affirmative depictions of married life." They suffer tragedy. After "Apur Sansar" was harshly criticised by a Bengali critic, Ray wrote an article defending it. He rarely responded to critics during his filmmaking career, but also later defended his film "Charulata", his personal favourite.
Ray's film successes had little influence on his personal life in the years to come. He continued to live with his wife and children in a rented house, with his mother, uncle and other members of his extended family.
From "Devi" to "Charulata" (1959–64).
During this period, Ray composed films on the British Raj period (such as "Devi"), a documentary on Tagore, a comic film ("Mahapurush") and his first film from an original screenplay ("Kanchenjungha"). He also made a series of films that, taken together, are considered by critics among the most deeply felt portrayals of Indian women on screen.
Ray followed "Apur Sansar" with "Devi" ("The Goddess"), a film in which he examined the superstitions in the Hindu society. Sharmila Tagore starred as Doyamoyee, a young wife who is deified by her father-in-law. Ray was worried that the censor board might block his film, or at least make him re-cut it, but "Devi" was spared. In 1961, on the insistence of Prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru, Ray was commissioned to make a documentary on Rabindranath Tagore, on the occasion of the poet's birth centennial, a tribute to the person who likely most influenced Ray. Due to limited footage of Tagore, Ray faced the challenge of making a film out of mainly static material. He said that it took as much work as three feature films.
In the same year, together with Subhas Mukhopadhyay and others, Ray was able to revive "Sandesh", the children's magazine which his grandfather once published. Ray had been saving money for some years to make this possible. A duality in the name ("Sandesh" means both "news" in Bengali and also a sweet popular dessert) set the tone of the magazine (both educational and entertaining). Ray began to make illustrations for it, as well as to write stories and essays for children. Writing became his major source of income in the years to come.
In 1962, Ray directed "Kanchenjungha." Based on his first original screenplay, it was his first film in colour. The film tells of an upper-class family spending an afternoon in Darjeeling, a picturesque hill town in West Bengal. They try to arrange the engagement of their youngest daughter to a highly paid engineer educated in London. He had first conceived shooting the film in a large mansion, but later decided to film it in the famous hill town. He used the many shades of light and mist to reflect the tension in the drama. Ray noted that while his script allowed shooting to be possible under any lighting conditions, a commercial film contingent present at the same time in Darjeeling failed to shoot a single scene, as they only wanted to do so in sunshine.
In the sixties, Ray visited Japan and took particular pleasure in meeting the filmmaker Akira Kurosawa, for whom he had very high regard. While at home, he would take an occasional break from the hectic city life by going to places such as Darjeeling or Puri to complete a script in isolation.
In 1964 Ray made "Charulata" ("The Lonely Wife"); it was the culmination of this period of work, and regarded by many critics as his most accomplished film. Based on "Nastanirh", a short story of Tagore, the film tells of a lonely wife, Charu, in 19th-century Bengal, and her growing feelings for her brother-in-law Amal. Critics have referred to this as Ray's Mozartian masterpiece. He said the film contained the fewest flaws among his work, and it was his only work which, given a chance, he would make exactly the same way. Madhabi Mukherjee's performance as Charu, and the work of both Subrata Mitra and Bansi Chandragupta in the film, have been highly praised. Other films in this period include "Mahanagar" ("The Big City"), "Teen Kanya" ("Three Daughters"), "Abhijan" ("The Expedition") and "Kapurush o Mahapurush" ("The Coward and the Holy Man").
New directions (1965–82).
In the post-"Charulata" period, Ray took on projects of increasing variety, ranging from fantasy to science fiction to detective films to historical drama. Ray also made considerable formal experimentation during this period. He expressed contemporary issues of Indian life, responding to a perceived lack of these issues in his films. The first major film in this period is "Nayak" ("The Hero"), the story of a screen hero travelling in a train and meeting a young, sympathetic female journalist. Starring Uttam Kumar and Sharmila Tagore, in the twenty-four hours of the journey, the film explores the inner conflict of the apparently highly successful matinée idol. In spite of the film's receiving a "Critics prize" at the Berlin Festival, it had a generally muted reception.
In 1967, Ray wrote a script for a film to be called "The Alien", based on his short story "Bankubabur Bandhu" ("Banku Babu's Friend") which he wrote in 1962 for "Sandesh", the Ray family magazine. Columbia Pictures was the producer for what was a planned US-India co-production, and Peter Sellers and Marlon Brando were cast as the leading actors. Ray found that his script had been copyrighted and the fee appropriated by Mike Wilson. Wilson had initially approached Ray through their mutual friend, Arthur C. Clarke, to represent him in Hollywood. Wilson copyrighted the script credited to "Mike Wilson & Satyajit Ray", although he contributed only one word. Ray later said that he never received a penny for the script. After Brando dropped out of the project, the project tried to replace him with James Coburn, but Ray became disillusioned and returned to Calcutta. Columbia expressed interest in reviving the project several times in the 1970s and 1980s, but nothing came of it. When "E.T." was released in 1982, Clarke and Ray saw similarities in the film to his earlier "Alien" script. The Indian director Satyajit Ray claimed that this film plagiarized his script. Ray said that Steven Spielberg's movie "would not have been possible without my script of 'The Alien' being available throughout America in mimeographed copies." Spielberg denied any plagiarism by saying, "I was a kid in high school when this script was circulating in Hollywood." (Spielberg actually graduated high school in 1965 and released his first film in 1968. Besides "The Alien", two other unrealised projects which Ray had intended to direct were adaptations of the ancient Indian epic, the "Mahābhārata", and E. M. Forster's 1924 novel "A Passage to India".
In 1969, Ray released what would be commercially the most successful of his films. Based on a children's story written by his grandfather, "Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne" ("The Adventures of Goopy and Bagha"), it is a musical fantasy. Goopy the singer and Bagha the drummer, equipped by three gifts allowed by the King of Ghosts, set out on a fantastic journey. They try to stop an impending war between two neighbouring kingdoms. Among his most expensive enterprises, the film project was difficult to finance. Ray abandoned his desire to shoot it in colour, as he turned down an offer that would have forced him to cast a certain Bollywood actor as the lead.
Ray made a film from a novel by the young poet and writer, Sunil Gangopadhyay. Featuring a musical motif structure acclaimed as more complex than "Charulata", "Aranyer Din Ratri" ("Days and Nights in the Forest") traces four urban young men going to the forests for a vacation. They try to leave their daily lives behind. All but one of them become involved in encounters with women, which becomes a deep study of the Indian middle class. According to Robin Wood, "a single sequence the film ... would offer material for a short essay".
After "Aranyer", Ray addressed contemporary Bengali life. He completed what became known as the "Calcutta trilogy": "Pratidwandi" (1970), "Seemabaddha" (1971), and "Jana Aranya" (1975), three films that were conceived separately but had thematic connections. "Pratidwandi" ("The Adversary") is about an idealist young graduate; if disillusioned at the end of film, he is still uncorrupted. "Jana Aranya" ("The Middleman") showed a young man giving in to the culture of corruption to make a living. "Seemabaddha" ("Company Limited") portrayed an already successful man giving up his morality for further gains. In the first film, "Pratidwandi", Ray introduces a new, elliptical narrative style, such as scenes in negative, dream sequences, and abrupt flashbacks. In the 1970s, Ray adapted two of his popular stories as detective films. Though mainly addressed to children and young adults, both "Sonar Kella" ("The Golden Fortress") and "Joy Baba Felunath" ("The Elephant God") found some critical following.
Ray considered making a film on the Bangladesh Liberation War but later abandoned the idea. He said that, as a filmmaker, he was more interested in the travails of the refugees and not the politics. In 1977, Ray completed "Shatranj Ke Khiladi" ("The Chess Players"), a Hindi film based on a story by Munshi Premchand. It was set in Lucknow in the state of Oudh, a year before the Indian rebellion of 1857. A commentary on issues related to the colonisation of India by the British, this was Ray's first feature film in a language other than Bengali. It is his most expensive and star-studded film, featuring Sanjeev Kumar, Saeed Jaffrey, Amjad Khan, Shabana Azmi, Victor Bannerjee and Richard Attenborough.
In 1980, Ray made a sequel to "Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne", a somewhat political "Hirak Rajar Deshe" ("Kingdom of Diamonds"). The kingdom of the evil Diamond King, or "Hirok Raj," is an allusion to India during Indira Gandhi's emergency period. Along with his acclaimed short film "Pikoo" ("Pikoo's Diary") and hour-long Hindi film, "Sadgati," this was the culmination of his work in this period.
The last phase (1983–92).
In 1983, while working on "Ghare Baire" ("Home and the World"), Ray suffered a heart attack; it would severely limit his productivity in the remaining 9 years of his life. "Ghare Baire" was completed in 1984 with the help of Ray's son (who operated the camera from then on) because of his health condition. He had wanted to film this Tagore novel on the dangers of fervent nationalism for a long time, and wrote a first draft of a script for it in the 1940s. In spite of rough patches due to Ray's illness, the film did receive some critical acclaim. It had the first kiss fully portrayed in Ray's films. In 1987, he made a documentary on his father, Sukumar Ray.
Ray's last three films, made after his recovery and with medical strictures in place, were shot mostly indoors, and have a distinctive style. They have more dialogue than his earlier films and are often regarded as inferior to his earlier body of work. The first, "Ganashatru" ("An Enemy of the People") is an adaptation of the famous Ibsen play, and considered the weakest of the three. Ray recovered some of his form in his 1990 film "Shakha Proshakha" ("Branches of the Tree"). In it, an old man, who has lived a life of honesty, comes to learn of the corruption of three of his sons. The final scene shows the father finding solace only in the companionship of his fourth son, who is uncorrupted but mentally ill. Ray's last film, "Agantuk" ("The Stranger"), is lighter in mood but not in theme. When a long-lost uncle arrives to visit his niece in Calcutta, he arouses suspicion as to his motive. This provokes far-ranging questions in the film about civilisation.
In 1992, Ray's health deteriorated due to heart complications. He was admitted to a hospital, but never recovered. The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences awarded him an Honorary Academy Award. Ray became the first Indian to receive the honor. Twenty-four days before his death, Ray accepted the award in a gravely ill condition, saying that it is the "Best achievement of movie-making career." He died on 23 April 1992 at the age of 70.
Film craft.
Satyajit Ray considered script-writing to be an integral part of direction. Initially he refused to make a film in any language other than Bengali. In his two non-Bengali feature films, he wrote the script in English; translators interpreted it in Hindi or Urdu under Ray's supervision. Ray's eye for detail was matched by that of his art director Bansi Chandragupta. His influence on the early films was so important that Ray would always write scripts in English before creating a Bengali version, so that the non-Bengali Chandragupta would be able to read it. The craft of Subrata Mitra garnered praise for the cinematography of Ray's films. A number of critics thought that his departure from Ray's crew lowered the quality of cinematography in the following films. Though Ray openly praised Mitra, his single-mindedness in taking over operation of the camera after "Charulata" caused Mitra to stop working for him after 1966. Mitra developed "bounce lighting", a technique to reflect light from cloth to create a diffused, realistic light even on a set. Ray acknowledged his debts to Jean-Luc Godard and François Truffaut of the French New Wave for introducing new technical and cinematic innovations.
Ray's regular film editor was Dulal Datta, but the director usually dictated the editing while Datta did the actual work. Because of financial reasons and Ray's meticulous planning, his films were mostly cut "on the camera" (apart from "Pather Panchali"). At the beginning of his career, Ray worked with Indian classical musicians, including Ravi Shankar, Vilayat Khan and Ali Akbar Khan. He found that their first loyalty was to musical traditions, and not to his film. He had a greater understanding of western classical forms, which he wanted to use for his films set in an urban milieu. Starting with "Teen Kanya", Ray began to compose his own scores.
He used actors of diverse backgrounds, from famous film stars to people who had never seen a film (as in "Aparajito"). Robin Wood and others have lauded him as the best director of children, pointing out memorable performances in the roles of Apu and Durga ("Pather Panchali"), Ratan ("Postmaster") and Mukul ("Sonar Kella"). Depending on the talent or experience of the actor, Ray varied the intensity of his direction, from virtually nothing with actors such as Utpal Dutt, to using the actor as "a puppet" (Subir Banerjee as young Apu or Sharmila Tagore as Aparna). Actors who had worked for Ray praised his customary trust but said he could also treat incompetence with "total contempt".
Literary works.
Ray created two popular fictional characters in Bengali children's literature—Feluda, a detective, and Professor Shonku, a scientist. The Feluda stories are narrated by Topshe, his teenage cousin, something of a Watson to Feluda's Holmes. The science fictions of Shonku are presented as a diary discovered after the scientist had mysteriously disappeared. Ray also wrote a collection of nonsense verse named "Today Bandha Ghorar Dim," which includes a translation of Lewis Carroll's "Jabberwocky". He wrote a collection of humorous stories of Mullah Nasiruddin in Bengali.
His short stories were published as collections of 12 stories, in which the overall title played with the word twelve (for example "Aker pitthe dui", or literally "Two on top of one"). Ray's interest in puzzles and puns is reflected in his stories. Ray's short stories give full rein to his interest in the macabre, in suspense and other aspects that he avoided in film, making for an interesting psychological study. Most of his writings have been translated into English. Most of his screenplays have been published in Bengali in the literary journal "Eksan". Ray wrote an autobiography about his childhood years, "Jakhan Choto Chilam" (1982).
He also wrote essays on film, published as the collections: "Our Films, Their Films" (1976), "Bishoy Chalachchitra" (1976), and "Ekei Bole Shooting" (1979). During the mid-1990s, Ray's film essays and an anthology of short stories were also published in English in the West. "Our Films, Their Films" is an anthology of film criticism by Ray. The book contains articles and personal journal excerpts. The book is presented in two sections: Ray first discusses Indian film, before turning his attention toward Hollywood, specific filmmakers (Charlie Chaplin and Akira Kurosawa), and movements such as Italian neorealism. His book "Bishoy Chalachchitra" was published in translation in 2006 as "Speaking of Films". It contains a compact description of his philosophy of different aspects of the cinema.
Ray as Calligrapher.
Satyajit Ray designed four typefaces for roman script named Ray Roman, Ray Bizarre, Daphnis, and Holiday Script, apart from numerous Bengali ones for the "Sandesh" magazine. Ray Roman and Ray Bizarre won an international competition in 1971. In certain circles of Calcutta, Ray continued to be known as an eminent graphic designer, well into his film career. Ray illustrated all his books and designed covers for them, as well as creating all publicity material for his films, i.e., Ray's artistic playing with the Bangla graphemes was also revealed in the cine posters and cine promo-brochures’ covers. He also designed covers of several books by other authors. In his calligraphic technique there are deep impacts of:
(a) Artistic pattern of European musical staff notation in the graphemic syntagms;
(b) alpana (“ritual painting” mainly practised by Bengali women at the time of religious festival; the term denotes 'to coat with’. Generally categorised as “Folk”-Art cf. in Ray's graphemic representations.
Thus, so-called division between classical and folk art is blurred in Ray's representation of Bangla graphemes. The three-tier X-height of Bangla graphemes was presented in a manner of musical map and the contours, curves in between horizontal and vertical meeting-point, follow the patterns of alpana. It is also noticed that the metamorphosis of graphemes (This might be designated as “Archewriting”) as a living object/subject in Ray's positive manipulation of Bangla graphemes.
Critical and popular response.
Ray's work has been described as full of humanism and universality, and of a deceptive simplicity with deep underlying complexity. The Japanese director Akira Kurosawa said, "Not to have seen the cinema of Ray means existing in the world without seeing the sun or the moon." But his detractors find his films glacially slow, moving like a "majestic snail." Some find his humanism simple-minded, and his work anti-modern; they criticize him for lacking the new modes of expression or experimentation found in works of Ray's contemporaries, such as Jean-Luc Godard. As Stanley Kauffman wrote, some critics believe that Ray assumes that viewers "can be interested in a film that simply dwells in its characters, rather than one that imposes dramatic patterns on their lives." Ray said he could do nothing about the slow pace. Kurosawa defended him by saying that Ray's films were not slow, "His work can be described as flowing composedly, like a big river".
Critics have often compared Ray to artists in the cinema and other media, such as Chekhov, Renoir, De Sica, Hawks or Mozart. The writer V. S. Naipaul compared a scene in "Shatranj Ki Khiladi" (The Chess Players) to a Shakespearean play; he wrote, "only three hundred words are spoken but goodness! – terrific things happen." Even critics who did not like the aesthetics of Ray's films generally acknowledged his ability to encompass a whole culture with all its nuances. Ray's obituary in "The Independent" included the question, "Who else can compete?"
Political ideologues took issue with Ray's work. In a public debate during the 1960s, Ray and the Marxist filmmaker Mrinal Sen engaged in an argument. Sen criticised him for casting a matinée idol such as Uttam Kumar, whom he considered a compromise. Ray said that Sen only attacked "easy targets", i.e. the Bengali middle-classes. Advocates of socialism said that Ray was not "committed" to the cause of the nation's downtrodden classes; some critics accused him of glorifying poverty in "Pather Panchali" and "Ashani Sanket" (Distant Thunder) through lyricism and aesthetics. They said he provided no solution to conflicts in the stories, and was unable to overcome his bourgeois background. During the naxalite movements in the 1970s, agitators once came close to causing physical harm to his son, Sandip. Early in 1980, Ray was criticised by an Indian M.P. and former actress Nargis Dutt, who accused Ray of "exporting poverty." She wanted him to make films to represent "Modern India."
Legacy.
Satyajit Ray is a cultural icon in India and in Bengali communities worldwide. Following his death, the city of Calcutta came to a virtual standstill, as hundreds of thousands of people gathered around his house to pay their last respects. Satyajit Ray's influence has been widespread and deep in Bengali cinema; a number of Bengali directors, including Aparna Sen, Rituparno Ghosh and Gautam Ghose in India, Tareq Masud and Tanvir Mokammel in Bangladesh, and Aneel Ahmad in England, have been influenced by his film craft. Across the spectrum, filmmakers such as Budhdhadeb Dasgupta, Mrinal Sen and Adoor Gopalakrishnan have acknowledged his seminal contribution to Indian cinema. Beyond India, filmmakers such as Martin Scorsese, James Ivory, Abbas Kiarostami, Elia Kazan, François Truffaut, Carlos Saura, Isao Takahata and Danny Boyle have been influenced by his cinematic style, with many others such as Akira Kurosawa praising his work. Gregory Nava's 1995 film "My Family" had a final scene that repeated that of "Apur Sansar". Ira Sachs's 2005 work "Forty Shades of Blue" was a loose remake of "Charulata." Other references to Ray films are found, for example, in recent works such as "Sacred Evil", the "Elements trilogy" of Deepa Mehta and even in films of Jean-Luc Godard. According to Michael Sragow of "The Atlantic Monthly", the "youthful coming-of-age dramas that have flooded art houses since the mid-fifties owe a tremendous debt to the Apu trilogy". The trilogy also introduced the bounce lighting technique. "Kanchenjungha" (1962) introduced a narrative structure that resembles later hyperlink cinema. "Pratidwandi" (1972) helped pioneer photo-negative flashback and X-ray digression techniques.
Together with Madhabi Mukherjee, Ray was the first Indian film figure to be featured on a foreign stamp (Dominica).
Many literary works include references to Ray or his work, including Saul Bellow's "Herzog" and J. M. Coetzee's "". Salman Rushdie's "Haroun and the Sea of Stories" contains fish characters named "Goopy" and "Bagha", a tribute to Ray's fantasy film. In 1993, UC Santa Cruz established the Satyajit Ray Film and Study collection, and in 1995, the Government of India set up Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute for studies related to film. In 2007, the BBC declared that two "Feluda" stories would be made into radio programs. During the London Film Festival, a regular "Satyajit Ray Award" is given to a first-time feature director whose film best captures "the artistry, compassion and humanity of Ray's vision". Wes Anderson has claimed Ray as an influence on his work; his 2007 film, "The Darjeeling Limited", set in India, is dedicated to Ray.
Awards, honours and recognitions.
Ray received many awards, including 32 National Film Awards by the Government of India, and awards at international film festivals. At the 11th Moscow International Film Festival in 1979, he was awarded with the Honorable Prize for the contribution to cinema. At the Berlin Film Festival, he was one of only three filmmakers to win the Silver Bear for Best Director more than once and holds the record for the most number of Golden Bear nominations, with seven. At the Venice Film Festival, where he had previously won a Golden Lion for "Aparajito" (1956), he was awarded the Golden Lion Honorary Award in 1982. That same year, he received an honorary "Hommage à Satyajit Ray" award at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival.
Ray is the second film personality after Chaplin to have been awarded honorary doctorates by Oxford University. He was awarded the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 1985 and the Legion of Honor by the President of France in 1987. The Government of India awarded him the highest civilian honour, Bharat Ratna shortly before his death. The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences awarded Ray an Honorary Oscar in 1992 for Lifetime Achievement. It was one of his favourite actresses, Audrey Hepburn, who represented the Academy on that day in Calcutta. Ray, unable to attend the ceremony due to his illness, gave his acceptance speech to the Academy via live video feed from the hospital bed. In 1992 he was posthumously awarded the "Akira Kurosawa Award for Lifetime Achievement in Directing" at the San Francisco International Film Festival; it was accepted on his behalf by actress Sharmila Tagore.
In 1992, the "Sight & Sound" Critics' Top Ten Poll ranked Ray at No. 7 in its list of "Top 10 Directors" of all time, making him the highest-ranking Asian filmmaker in the poll. In 2002, the "Sight & Sound" critics' and directors' poll ranked Ray at No. 22 in its list of all-time greatest directors, thus making him the fourth highest-ranking Asian filmmaker in the poll.
In 1996, "Entertainment Weekly" magazine ranked Ray at No. 25 in its "50 Greatest Directors" list. In 2007, "Total Film" magazine included Ray in its "100 Greatest Film Directors Ever" list.

</doc>
<doc id="18933427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933427" title="Cowbridge RFC">
Cowbridge RFC

Cowbridge Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club based in Cowbridge, Wales. The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Cardiff Blues. Cowbridge RFC fields a senior XV, second XV, youth and ladies XV teams.

</doc>
<doc id="18933429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933429" title="Oldonyo-Sambu">
Oldonyo-Sambu

Oldonyo-Sambu is an administrative ward in the Ngorongoro District of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 3,256.

</doc>
<doc id="18933432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933432" title="Re d'Italia">
Re d'Italia

Re d'Italia ("King of Italy") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18933435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933435" title="Orgosorok">
Orgosorok

Orgosorok is an administrative ward in the Ngorongoro District of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 16,064.

</doc>
<doc id="18933445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933445" title="Ngorongoro (Tanzanian ward)">
Ngorongoro (Tanzanian ward)

Ngorongoro is an administrative ward in the Ngorongoro District of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 9,807.

</doc>
<doc id="18933447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933447" title="Headstrong Games">
Headstrong Games

Headstrong Games is a subsidiary of Kuju Entertainment based in London that creates video games. It is most well known for its work on "Battalion Wars", "The House of the Dead: OVERKILL" and the "Art Academy" series.
History.
The studio was formed in 2000 as Kuju London. In 2008 it was rebranded as Headstrong Games, with a focus on continuing to create character action titles. Ian Baverstock, CEO at the time, said "Headstrong is the final piece in the puzzle for Kuju's offering in the UK. As action specialists they complement the other studios that have already rebranded and together offer publishers a full service solution to their development needs." 
In 2013 Headstrong games made the Develop 100, a list of the top 100 developers within the UK based upon their commercial and critical success, reputation, and potential.
Work.
While Headstrong Games has a large catalogue of games, in recent years it has focused on games for the Nintendo family of consoles including "The House of the Dead: OVERKILL" and "" for the Nintendo Wii and "Art Academy", "New Art Academy" and "Rabbids Rumble" for the DS and 3DS respectively.
The studio's latest release, "Art Academy: Sketchpad", was announced at E3 2013 during 'Nintendo Direct' as an exclusively downloadable title for the WiiU. "Art Academy: Sketchpad" launched on 9 August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18933449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933449" title="Martin Bayfield">
Martin Bayfield

Martin Christopher Bayfield (born 21 December 1966) is an English former rugby union footballer who played lock forward for Northampton Saints, Bedford Blues and England, gaining 31 England and 3 Lions caps.
Bayfield was born in Bedford and was educated at Bedford School. He served in the Metropolitan Police from 1985 to 1989, when he transferred to Bedfordshire Police. The 208 cm (6 ft 10in) tall Bayfield made his England debut in 1991, and although he was omitted from the 1991 World Cup squad, was a part of the 1992 Five Nations Grand Slam winning side. He went on the 1993 British Lions tour to New Zealand and was part of the 1995 World Cup squad. He would play 18 times partnering Martin Johnson. His final appearance for England came in the 1996 Five Nations match against Wales.
His last game was against Gloucester in February 1998; a neck injury sustained in training a few days later forced him to retire.
Since retirement, Bayfield has worked as a journalist, an after-dinner speaker and has since appeared in the Harry Potter films playing the half-giant Hagrid, normally played by Robbie Coltrane, in longer shots which need to emphasise Hagrid's height. He presents the NFL and "World's Strongest Man" coverage on UK Channel Five and works as a rugby correspondent on BBC Radio 5 Live. He has also been involved as a presenter in ITV's coverage of the 2007 Rugby World Cup as well as currently presenting ITV's Guinness Premiership highlights. He is actively involved with charity, and is an Honorary President of Wooden Spoon – the rugby charity that supports disadvantaged children and young people.
He also appeared in "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets", as a young Rubeus Hagrid, and has also been a stuntman on all the Harry Potter films. He also played a cyclops in Jonathan Liebesman's Wrath of the Titans,the sequel to 2010 movie Clash of the Titans.
Bayfield also played Rugby Player 2 in an episode of New Tricks on BBC1 (first shown on 1 September 2008). he now also 
co-presents Crimewatch on BBC 1
He has three daughters: Roseanna, Polly and Lucy.

</doc>
<doc id="18933452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933452" title="Pinyinyi">
Pinyinyi

Pinyinyi is an administrative ward in the Ngorongoro District of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 5,574.

</doc>
<doc id="18933459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933459" title="Sale (Tanzanian ward)">
Sale (Tanzanian ward)

Sale is an administrative ward in the Ngorongoro District of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 2,904.

</doc>
<doc id="18933466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933466" title="Mayetiola">
Mayetiola

Mayetiola are a genus of flies from the family Cecidomyiidae. Most species are pests of cereal crops
Species.
Contains:

</doc>
<doc id="18933483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933483" title="Sunforest (band)">
Sunforest (band)

Sunforest was a short-lived psychedelic folk band formed in 1969 by Terry Tucker, Erika Eigen and Freya Hogue. They have recorded only one studio album, "Sound of Sunforest" under the Decca Records label. They are best known for their instrumental "The Overture to the Sun" and song "Lighthouse Keeper", which was featured in both the film "A Clockwork Orange" and its soundtrack.
History.
Terry Tucker went to London with two girlfriends, Erika Eigen and Freya Hogue, to become pop singers and were discovered almost right away in a working class cafe drinking tea. A man came from Decca Records, wanted to hear their songs and they went to the studio that night and recorded a demo. Two weeks later they wanted to record an album, and he became their manager. They recorded their one and only album Sound of Sunforest in 1969. Kubrick wanted them to record the track "Overture for the Sun" for the soundtrack. It got recorded again, Terry wrote some changes in the arrangement for the film. The new version of "Overture to the sun" is instrumental, like a renaissance piece. "Lighthouse Keeper" is a song that Erica wrote and Terry sang backup on it and played the piano. Terry stayed in England about 12 years and came home to the US after the band broke up.
Sound Of Sunforest 1969
Tracks:
01. Overture To The Sun - 1:38
02. Where Are You - 2:42
03. Bonny River - 2:41
04. Be Like Me - 2:10
05. Mr.Bumble - 1:49
06. And I Was Blue - 2:49
07. Lighthouse Keeper - 2:03
08. Old Cluck - 2:41
09. Lady Next Door - 2:26
10. Peppermint Store - 2:00
11. Magician In The Mountain - 4:11
12. Lovely Day - 2:46
13. Give Me All Your Living - 2:38
14. Garden Rug - 2:13
15. All In Good Time - 3:48
Personnel:
- Terry Ann Tucker - Piano, Harmonium, Harpsichord, Hammond Organ and Vocals
- Freya Hogue - Spanish Guitar, Banjo and Vocals
- Erika Eigen - Latin American Percussion, Ankle Bells and Vocals

</doc>
<doc id="18933486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933486" title="Sunforest">
Sunforest

Sunforest may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18933494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933494" title="Soit Sambu">
Soit Sambu

Soit Sambu is an administrative ward in the Ngorongoro District of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 13,147.

</doc>
<doc id="18933496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933496" title="Principia Discordia">
Principia Discordia

The Principia Discordia is a Discordian religious text written by Greg Hill (Malaclypse the Younger) with Kerry Wendell Thornley (Lord Omar Khayyam Ravenhurst). It was originally published under the title "Principia Discordia or How The West Was Lost" in a limited edition of five copies in 1965. The title, literally meaning "Discordant Principles", is in keeping with the tendency of Latin to prefer hypotactic grammatical arrangements. In English, one would expect the title to be "Principles of Discord."
The "Principia" describes the Discordian Society and its Goddess Eris, as well as the basics of the POEE denomination of Discordianism. It features typewritten and handwritten text intermixed with clip art, stamps, and seals appropriated from other sources, possibly in violation of copyright laws.
While the "Principia" is full of literal contradictions and unusual humor, it contains several passages which propose that there is serious intent behind the work, for example a message scrawled on page 00075: "If you think the PRINCIPIA is just a ha-ha, then go read it again."
The "Principia" is quoted extensively in and shares many themes with the science fiction book "The Illuminatus! Trilogy" by Robert Shea and Robert Anton Wilson. While Wilson was not directly involved in writing the Principia, both the letter signed "Mad Malik" and the stamps used were his.
Notable symbols in the book include the Apple of Discord, the pentagon, and the "Sacred Chao", which resembles the Taijitu of Taoism, but the two principles depicted are "Hodge" and "Podge" rather than yin and yang, and they are represented by the apple and the pentagon, and not by dots. Saints identified include Emperor Norton, Yossarian, Don Quixote, and Bokonon. The "Principia" also introduces the mysterious word fnord, later popularized in "The Illuminatus! Trilogy"; the trilogy itself is mentioned in the afterword to the Loompanics edition, and in the various introductions to the fifth editions.
History.
The "Principia Discordia or How The West Was Lost" was first published in a limited edition of five copies and released into the public domain in 1965. The full title of the fourth and most well-known edition is "Principia Discordia or How I Found Goddess And What I Did To Her When I Found Her: The Magnum Opiate Of Malaclypse The Younger, Wherein is Explained Absolutely Everything Worth Knowing About Absolutely Anything".
Included on page 00075 is the following note about the history of the Principia:
Additionally, the "contents of this edition" note in the Loompanics edition identifies the fourth edition as having originally been published by Rip Off Press of San Francisco, California.
A "Fifth Edition" consisting of a single Western Union telegram page filled with the letter M was published as an appendix to the Loompanics and SJ Games re-printings of the 4th Edition.
In 1978, a copy of a work from Kerry Thornley titled "THE PRINCIPIA DISCORDIA or HOW THE WEST WAS LOST" was placed in the HSCA JFK collections as document 010857. A scan of this document has been identified as the first edition, a claim later disputed, and uploaded to 23ae.com. The record identifier can be found by searching for Thornley and Discordian on nara.gov.
Adam Gorightly, author of "The Prankster and the Conspiracy" about Kerry Thornley and the early Discordians, said the copy in the JFK collection was not the first edition but a later and altered version containing some of the original material. In an interview with researcher Brenton Clutterbuck, Gorightly said he had been given Greg Hill's copy of the first edition. This would appear in its entirety in a book on Discordian history likely to be released in late 2013.
The Principia includes a notice which purports to disclaim any copyright in relation to the work: " All Rites Reversed – reprint what you like." Regardless of the legal effect of this notice, the "Principia" has been widely disseminated in the public domain via the Internet and more traditional print publishers. Some re-publishers have claimed copyright in relation to the additional material included in their editions.
Known reprintings of the Fourth and Fifth Editions:
Mythology.
In Discordian mythology, Aneris is described as the sister of Eris aka Discordia. Whereas Eris/Discordia is the Goddess of Disorder and Being, Aneris/Harmonia is the Goddess of Order and Non-Being.
"DOGMA III – HISTORY 32, 'COSMOGONY'" in "Principia Discordia", states
The sterile Aneris becomes jealous of Eris (who was born pregnant), and starts making existent things non-existent. This explains why life begins, and later ends in death.
The names of Eris and Aneris (who are later given a brother, "Spirituality"), are used to show some fundamental Discordian principles in "Psycho-Metaphysics":
External links.
Online versions.
The “Principia Discordia“ is widely available on the Web from these and other sources:
Translations.
The following links lead to foreign language translations of the "Principia". Note that at present the Polish edition appears to be a work in process.

</doc>
<doc id="18933504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933504" title="Transfer effect">
Transfer effect

The transfer effect is a term used in ornithology to describe the phenomenon observed among the bowerbirds, in which there is a continuum from physically more ornamented species which construct rudimentary bowers (mating display nests), to physically drabber species which construct remarkably elaborate and colorful bowers. 
The postulation is that there is an evolutionary "transfer" of ornamentation, as a sign of male mating health, from physical characteristics to behavioral ones — with the benefit of reducing the visibility of the male and thereby its vulnerability to predation.

</doc>
<doc id="18933520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933520" title="Thomas Holt (architect)">
Thomas Holt (architect)

Thomas Holt (c. 1578 – 1624), was a 17th-century English architect who designed a number of buildings at the University of Oxford.
Holt, a master carpenter and architect from either Halifax or York, is notable for designing important works in Renaissance architecture built at Oxford. He designed the whole structure of Wadham College, which was built between 1610 and 1613. As a master carpenter he was responsible for the hammerbeam roof of the Hall. From 1613 onwards he designed the great quadrangle of the examination schools there, now part of the Bodleian Library, introducing some new architectural features. Holt completed the schools quadrangle in 1624, the year of his death. Other buildings at Oxford are ascribed to him with less certainty, though he probably prepared designs for many of them.
Holt is registered as a privileged person in the university, aged 40, on 30 October 1618; he is described as ""Faberlignarius Coll. Novi"". He died on 9 September 1624, and was buried in the churchyard of Holywell parish church, Oxford, where a monument was erected in his memory. His daughter married Dr. Samuel Radcliffe, principal of Brasenose College.

</doc>
<doc id="18933530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933530" title="Tundzha Municipality">
Tundzha Municipality

Tundzha Municipality () is a municipality of Yambol Province, southeastern Bulgaria. The municipality has an area of 1,218.86 square kilometres, making it the second-largest by area in the country after the Capital Municipality (i.e. the city of Sofia). It covers 44 villages and has a population of 27,225 according to 2005 data. All the villages in the province are administratively equal, and the administrative centre of the municipality is located in the provincial capital of Yambol, which is not part of Tundzha municipality itself: the city is equivalent to Yambol municipality, which is an enclave within Tundzha municipality. Tundzha municipality is named after the Tundzha River, the most significant tributary of the Maritsa.
The following villages are part of Tundzha municipality:
A notable native is Ivan Atanasov, the father of John Vincent Atanasoff (1903–1905), Bulgarian American physicist and inventor of the first automatic electronic digital computer. He was born in Boyadzhik. The Bezmer Air Base, one of the joint US-Bulgarian military bases, is also located in the municipality, near the villages of Bezmer and Bolyarsko

</doc>
<doc id="18933533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933533" title="Spock (disambiguation)">
Spock (disambiguation)

Spock is a character in the "Star Trek" fictional universe.
Spock may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18933534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933534" title="Freedom of speech by country">
Freedom of speech by country

Freedom of speech is the concept of the inherent human right to voice one's opinion publicly without fear of censorship or punishment. "Speech" is not limited to public speaking and is generally taken to include other forms of expression. The right is preserved in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights and is granted formal recognition by the laws of most nations. Nonetheless the degree to which the right is upheld in practice varies greatly from one nation to another. In many nations, particularly those with relatively authoritarian forms of government, overt government censorship is enforced. Censorship has also been claimed to occur in other forms (see propaganda model) and there are different approaches to issues such as hate speech, obscenity, and defamation laws even in countries seen as liberal democracies.
International law.
The United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, adopted in 1948, provides, in Article 19, that:
Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers.
Technically, as a resolution of the United Nations General Assembly rather than a treaty, it is not legally binding in its entirety on members of the UN. Furthermore, whilst some of its provisions are considered to form part of customary international law, there is dispute as to which. Freedom of speech is granted unambiguous protection in international law by the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights which is binding on around 150 nations.
In adopting the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Monaco, Australia and the Netherlands insisted on reservations to Article 19 insofar as it might be held to affect their systems of regulating and licensing broadcasting.
African continent.
The majority of African constitutions provide legal protection for freedom of speech. However, these rights are exercised inconsistently in practice. The replacement of authoritarian regimes in Kenya and Ghana has substantially improved the situation in those countries. On the other hand, Eritrea allows no independent media and uses draft evasion as a pretext to crack down on any dissent, spoken or otherwise. One of the poorest and smallest nations in Africa, Eritrea is now the largest prison for journalists; since 2001, fourteen journalists have been imprisoned in unknown places without a trial. Sudan, Libya, and Equatorial Guinea also have repressive laws and practices. In addition, many state radio stations (which are the primary source of news for illiterate people) are under tight control and programs, especially talk shows providing a forum to complain about the government, are often censored.
Also countries like Somalia and Egypt provide legal protection for freedom of speech but it is not used publicly.
See also: Censorship in Algeria, Censorship in Tunisia.
South Africa.
South Africa is probably the most liberal in granting freedom of speech, however in light of South Africa's racial and discriminatory history, particularly the Apartheid era, the Constitution of the Republic of South Africa of 1996 precludes expression that is tantamount to the advocacy of hatred based on some listed grounds. Freedom of speech and expression are both protected and limited by a section in the South African Bill of Rights, chapter 2 of the Constitution. Section 16 makes the following provisions:
In 2005, the South African Constitutional Court set an international precedent in the case of "Laugh It Off Promotions CC v South African Breweries International" when it found that the small culture jamming company Laugh-it-Off's right to freedom of expression outweighs the protection of trademark of the world's second largest brewery.
Sudan.
Blasphemy against religion is illegal in Sudan under Blasphemy laws.
Tunisia.
Despite the Tunisian revolution that led the Arab Spring, freedom of speech is still a controversial issue and a subject of uncertainty. Artists, journalists, and citizens still face many kinds of harassment when they try to express their ideas freely. Making things more complicated is a lack of experience and traditions in the field of free speech on the part of Tunisian justice and judges.
On 13 June 2013 Tunisian Rapper, Alaa Yacoubi (aka "Weld El 15"), was imprisoned and given a two-year jail sentence because his song "El boulisia Kleb" ("Cops Are Dogs") was considered an incitement to violence and hatred. The court judgement was the subject of an appeal and the decision was announced for 2 July 2013, while Alaa Yaacoubi remains in prison.
Asia.
Several Asian countries provide formal legal guarantees of freedom of speech to their citizens. These are not, however, implemented in practice in some countries. Barriers to freedom of speech are common and vary drastically between ASEAN countries. They include the use of brutal force in cracking down on bloggers in Burma, Vietnam and Cambodia, Les Majeste in Thailand, the use of libel and internal security laws in Singapore and Malaysia, and the killing of journalists in the Philippines. Freedom of expression is significantly limited in China, North Korea, and South Korea. Freedom of speech has improved in Myanmar in recent years, but significant challenges remain. There is no clear correlation between legal and constitutional guarantees of freedom of speech and actual practices among Asian nations.
Hong Kong.
Under Hong Kong Basic Law,
India.
The Indian Constitution guarantees freedom of speech to every citizen and there have been landmark cases in the Indian Supreme Court that have affirmed the nation's policy of allowing free press and freedom of expression to every citizen. In India, citizens are free to criticize politics, politicians, bureaucracy and policies. The freedoms are comparable to those in the United States and Western European democracies. Article 19 of the Indian constitution states that:
All citizens shall have the right —
These rights are limited so as not to affect:
Freedom of speech is restricted by the National Security Act of 1980 and in the past, by the Prevention of Terrorism Ordinance (POTO) of 2001, the Terrorist and Disruptive Activities (Prevention) Act (TADA) from 1985 to 1995, and similar measures. Freedom of speech is also restricted by Section 124A of the Indian Penal Code, 1860 which deals with sedition and makes any speech or expression which brings contempt towards government punishable by imprisonment extending from three years to life. In 1962 the Supreme Court of India held this section to be constitutionally valid in the case "Kedar Nath Singh vs State of Bihar".
Indonesia.
Blasphemy against religion is illegal in Indonesia under blasphemy laws.
Iran.
Blasphemy against Islam is illegal in Iran.
According to the Press Freedom Index for 2007, Iran ranked 166th out of 169 nations. Only three other countries - Eritrea, North Korea, and Turkmenistan - had more restrictions on news media freedom than Iran. The government of Ali Khamenei and the Supreme National Security Council imprisoned 50 journalists in 2007 and all but eliminated press freedom. Reporters Without Borders (RWB) has dubbed Iran the "Middle East's biggest prison for journalists."
Israel.
On 11 July 2011, the Knesset passed a law making it a civil offence to publicly call for a boycott against Israel, defined as "deliberately avoiding economic, cultural or academic ties with another person or another factor only because of his ties with the State of Israel, one of its institutions or an area under its control, in such a way that may cause economic, cultural or academic damage". According to the law anyone calling for a boycott can be sued and forced to pay compensation, regardless of actual damages. At the discretion of a government minister, they may also be prevented from bidding in government tenders.
Japan.
Freedom of speech is guaranteed by article 21 of the Japanese constitution. There are few exemptions to this right and a very broad spectrum of opinion is tolerated by the media and authorities.
Malaysia.
In Malaysia, "God" and "Prophet Muhammad" are used by politicians to answer to the peoples and the media. In May 2008, the Prime Minister of Malaysia Datuk Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi put forward a headline "Media should practice voluntary self-censorship", saying there is no such thing as unlimited freedom and the media should not be abashed of "voluntary self-censorship" to respect cultural norms, different societies hold different values and while it might be acceptable in secular countries to depict a caricature of Prophet Muhammad, it was clearly not the case here. "It is not a moral or media sin to respect prophets". He said the Government also wanted the media not to undermine racial and religious harmony to the extent that it could threaten national security and public order. "I do not see these laws as curbs on freedom. Rather, they are essential for a healthy society."
Pakistan.
Articles 19 of the Constitution of Pakistan guarantees freedom of speech and expression, and freedom of the press with certain restrictions. Blasphemy against Islam is illegal in Pakistan.
People's Republic of China (mainland).
Article 35 of the Constitution of the People's Republic of China claims that:
Citizens of the People's Republic of China enjoy freedom of speech, of the press, of assembly, of association, of procession and of demonstration.
Nonetheless strict censorship is widespread in mainland China. There is heavy government involvement in the media, with many of the largest media organizations being run by the Communist-Party-led government. References to democracy, the free Tibet movement, Taiwan as an independent country, the Tiananmen Square Massacre, the Arab Spring, certain religious organizations and anything questioning the legitimacy of the Communist Party of China are banned from use in public and blocked on the Internet.
Web portals including Microsoft's MSN have come under criticism for aiding in these practices, including banning the word "democracy" from its chat-rooms in China.
Due to close geographical proximity to Hong Kong, parts of southern China are able to receive broadcast signals from television channels in Hong Kong, where China's censorship does not apply.
However, comments that the Communist Party feel uncomfortable with are cut out and replaced with TV commercials before they can reach consumers TVs in mainland China. Very few Western films are given permission to play in Chinese theatres, although widespread unlicensed copying of these films makes them widely available.
Philippines.
Article III Section 4 of the 1987 Constitution of the Philippines specifies that no law shall be passed abridging the freedom of speech or of expression. However, some laws limit this freedom, for example:
Saudi Arabia.
Blasphemy against Islam is illegal in Saudi Arabia.
South Korea.
The South Korean constitution guarantees freedom of speech, press, petition and assembly for its nationals. However, behaviors or speeches in favor of the North Korean regime, communism or Japan can be punished by the National Security Law, though in recent years prosecutions under this law have been rare.
There is a strict election law that takes effect a few months before elections which prohibits most speech that either supports or criticizes a particular candidate or party. One can be prosecuted for political parodies and even for wearing a particular color (usually the color of a party).
The UN Human Rights Commission expressed concerns about South Korea's deterioration of online free speech.
Thailand.
While the Thai constitution provides for freedom of expression, by law the government may restrict freedom of expression to preserve national security, maintain public order, preserve the rights of others, protect public morals, and prevent insults to Buddhism. The lese-majeste law makes it a crime, punishable by up to 15 years' imprisonment for each offense, to criticize, insult, or threaten the king, queen, royal heir apparent, or regent. Defamation is a criminal offense and parties that criticize the government or related businesses may be sued, setting the stage for self-censorship.
Censorship expanded considerably starting in 2003 during the Thaksin Shinawatra administration and after the 2006 military coup. Prosecutions for lese-majeste offenses increased significantly starting in 2006. Journalists are generally free to comment on government activities and institutions without fear of official reprisal, but they occasionally practice self-censorship, particularly with regard to the monarchy and national security. Broadcast media are subject to government censorship, both directly and indirectly, and self-censorship is evident. Under the Emergency Decree in the three southernmost provinces, the government may restrict print and broadcast media, online news, and social media networks there.
Thailand practices selective Internet filtering in the political, social, and Internet tools areas, with no evidence of filtering in the conflict/security area in 2011. Thailand is on Reporters Without Borders list of countries "under surveillance" in 2011 and is listed as "Not Free" in the "Freedom on the Net 2011" report by Freedom House, which cites substantial political censorship and the arrest of bloggers and other online users.
Australia.
Australia does not have explicit freedom of speech in any constitutional or statutory declaration of rights, with the exception of political speech which is protected from criminal prosecution at common law per "Australian Capital Television Pty Ltd v Commonwealth".
In 1992 the High Court of Australia judged in the case of "Australian Capital Television Pty Ltd v Commonwealth" that the Australian Constitution, by providing for a system of representative and responsible government, implied the protection of political communication as an essential element of that system. This freedom of political communication is not a broad freedom of speech as in other countries, but rather a freedom whose purpose is only to protect political free speech. This freedom of political free speech is a shield against government prosecution, not a shield against private prosecution (civil law). It is also less a causal mechanism in itself, rather than simply a boundary which can be adjudged to be breached. Despite the court's ruling, however, not all political speech appears to be protected in Australia and several laws criminalise forms of speech that would be protected in other democratic countries such as the United States.
In 1996, Albert Langer was imprisoned for advocating that voters fill out their ballot papers in a way that was invalid. Amnesty International declared Langer to be a prisoner of conscience. The section which outlawed Langer from encouraging people to vote this way has since been repealed and the law now says only that it is an offence to print or publish material which may deceive or mislead a voter.
The Howard Government re-introduced sedition law, which criminalises some forms of expression. "Media Watch" ran a series on the amendments on ABC television.
In 2006, CSIRO senior scientist Graeme Pearman was reprimanded and encouraged to resign after he spoke out on global warming. The Howard Government was accused of limiting the speech of Pearman and other scientists.
Europe.
Council of Europe.
The European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR), signed on 4 November 1950, guarantees a broad range of human rights to inhabitants of member countries of the Council of Europe, which includes almost all European nations. These rights include Article 10, which entitles all citizens to free expression. Echoing the language of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights this provides that:
The Convention established the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR). Any person who feels his or her rights have been violated under the Convention by a state party can take a case to the Court. Judgements finding violations are binding on the States concerned and they are obliged to execute them. The Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe monitors the execution of judgements, particularly to ensure payment of the amounts awarded by the Court to the applicants in compensation for the damage they have sustained.
The Convention also includes some other restrictions:
For example, the Council of Europe "Explanatory Report" of the Additional Protocol to the Convention on Cybercrime states the "European Court of Human Rights has made it clear that the denial or revision of 'clearly established historical facts – such as the Holocaust – [...] would be removed from the protection of Article 10 by Article 17' of the ECHR" in the "Lehideux and Isorni v. France" judgment of 23 September 1998.
Each party to the Convention must alter its laws and policies to conform with the Convention. Some, such as Ireland or the United Kingdom, have expressly incorporated the Convention into their domestic laws. The guardian of the Convention is the European Court of Human Rights. This court has heard many cases relating to freedom of speech, including cases that have tested the professional obligations of confidentiality of journalists and lawyers, and the application of defamation law, a recent example being the so-called "McLibel case".
European Union.
Currently, all members of the European Union are signatories of the European Convention on Human Rights in addition to having various constitutional and legal rights to freedom of expression at the national level. The Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union has been legally binding since December 1, 2009 when the Treaty of Lisbon became fully ratified and effective. Article 11 of the Charter, in part mirroring the language of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the European Convention on Human Rights, provides that
The European Court of Justice takes into account both the Charter and the Convention when making its rulings. According to the Treaty of Lisbon, the European Union accedes to the European Convention as an entity in its own right, making the Convention binding not only on the governments of the member states but also on the supranational institutions of the EU.
Czech Republic.
Freedom of speech in the Czech Republic is guaranteed by the Czech Charter of Fundamental Rights and Basic Freedoms, which has the same legal standing as the Czech Constitution. It is the first freedom of the charter's second division - political rights. It reads as follows:
Specific limitations of the freedom of speech within the meaning of Article 17(4) may be found in the Criminal Code as well in other enactments. These include the prohibition of:
Most of the limitations of the free speech in the Czech Republic aim at protection of rights of individuals or minority groups. Unlike in some other European countries there are no limits on speech criticizing or denigrating government, public officials or state symbols.
Denmark.
Freedom of speech in Denmark is granted by Grundloven:
Hate speech is illegal according to the Danish Penal Code § 266(b):
The 1991 Media Liability Act (') creates criminal and civil mandates that mass media content and conduct must be consistent with journalism ethics and the right of reply, and also created the Press Council of Denmark (') which can impose fines and imprisonment up to 4 months.
France.
The "Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen", of constitutional value, states, in its article 11:
In addition, France adheres to the European Convention on Human Rights and accepts the jurisdiction of the European Court of Human Rights.
The Press Law of 1881, as amended, guarantees freedom of the press, subject to several exceptions. The Pleven Act of 1972 (after Justice Minister René Pleven) prohibits incitement to hatred, discrimination, slander and racial insults. The Gayssot Act of 1990 prohibits any racist, anti-Semite, or xenophobic activities, including Holocaust denial. The Law of prohibits hatred against people because of their gender, sexual orientation, or disability.
An addition to the Public Health Code was passed on the 31 December 1970, which punishes the "positive presentation of drugs" and the "incitement to their consumption" with up to five years in prison and fines up to €76,000. Newspapers such as "Libération", Charlie Hebdo and associations, political parties, and various publications criticizing the current drug laws and advocating drug reform in France have been repeatedly hit with heavy fines based on this law.
France does not implement any preliminary government censorship for written publications. Any violation of law must be processed through the courts.
The government has a commission recommending movie classifications, the decisions of which can be appealed before the courts. Another commission oversees publications for the youth. The Minister of the Interior can prohibit the sale of pornographic publications to minors, and can also prevent such publications from being publicly displayed or advertised; such decisions can be challenged before administrative courts.
The government restricts the right of broadcasting to authorized radio and television channels; the authorizations are granted by an independent administrative authority; this authority has recently removed the broadcasting authorizations of some foreign channels because of their antisemitic content.
As part of "internal security" enactments passed in 2003, it is an offense to insult the national flag or anthem, with a penalty of a maximum 9,000 euro fine or up to six months' imprisonment. Restrictions on "offending the dignity of the republic", on the other hand, include "insulting" anyone who serves the public (potentially magistrates, police, firefighters, teachers and even bus conductors). The legislation reflects the debate that raged after incidents such as the booing of the "La Marseillaise" at a France vs. Algeria football match in 2002.
Germany.
Freedom of expression is granted by Article 5 of the Basic Law for the Federal Republic of Germany, which also states that there is no censorship and freedom of expression may be limited by law.
The press is regulated by the law of Germany as well as all 16 States of Germany. The most important and sometimes controversial regulations limiting speech and the press can be found in the Criminal code:
Outdoor assemblies must be registered beforehand. Assemblies at memorial sites are banned. Individuals and groups may be banned from assembling, especially those whose fundamental rights have been revoked and banned political parties. The "Love Parade" decision (1 BvQ 28/01 and 1 BvQ 30/01 of 12 July 2001) determined that for an assembly to be protected it must comply with the concept of a constituent assembly, or the so-called narrow concept of assembly whereby the participants in the assembly must pursue a common purpose that is in the common interest.
Greece.
The 14th article of the Constitution of Greece makes it an offence for the press to insult the President of Greece as well as Christianity and any other religion recognized by the state.
Hungary.
Articles VII, VIII, IX, and X of the Fundamental Law of Hungary establishes the rights of freedom of expression, speech, press, thought, conscience, religion, artistic creation, scientific research, and assembly. Some of these rights are limited by the penal code:
This list has been updated to include: "people with disabilities, various sexual identity and sexual orientation", effective from July 2013.
It is also illegal under Section 269/C of the penal code and punishable with three years of imprisonment, to publicly "deny, question, mark as insignificant, attempt to justify the genocides carried out by the National Socialist and Communist regimes, as well as the facts of other crimes against humanity."
Ireland.
Freedom of speech is protected by Article 40.6.1 of the Irish constitution. However the article qualifies this right, providing that it may not be used to undermine "public order or morality or the authority of the State". Furthermore, the constitution explicitly requires that the publication of "blasphemous, seditious, or indecent matter" be a criminal offence, leading the government to pass a new blasphemy law on 8 July 2009.
The scope of the protection afforded by this Article has been interpreted restrictively by the judiciary, largely as a result of the wording of the Article, which qualifies the right before articulating it. Indeed, until an authoritative pronouncement on the issue by the Supreme Court, many believed that the protection was restricted to "convictions and opinions" and, as a result, a separate right to communicate was, by necessity, implied into Article 40.3.2. This judicial conservatism is at variance with the concept of speech as a democratic imperative. This, albeit trite, justification for free speech has underpinned the liberal, progressive interpretation of the First Amendment by the United States Supreme Court.
Under the European Convention on Human Rights Act 2003, all of the rights afforded by the European Convention serve as a guideline for the judiciary to act upon. The act is subordinate to the constitution.
Italy.
In Italy the Constitution guarantees freedom of speech, as stated in Article 21, Paragraph 1:
The Article also gives restrictions against those acts considered offensive by public morality, as stated in Paragraph 6:
Such restrictions are enforced through the Italian Penal Code which, for example, includes articles that prohibit insults against the honor and prestige of the President (Art. 278), vilification of a persons's religion (Art. 403), insults against the honor and decorum of others (Art. 594) and defamation of another person (Art. 595).
Malta.
Blasphemy against the Roman Catholic church is illegal in Malta.
The Netherlands.
Article 7 of the Dutch Grondwet in its first paragraph grants everybody the right to make public ideas and feelings by printing them without prior censorship, but not exonerating the author from his liabilities under the law. The second paragraph says that radio and television will be regulated by law but that there will be no prior censorship dealing with the content of broadcasts. The third paragraph grants a similar freedom of speech as in the first for other means of making ideas and feelings public but allowing censorship for reasons of decency when the public that has access may be younger than sixteen years of age. The fourth and last paragraph exempts commercial advertising from the freedoms granted in the first three paragraphs.
The penal code has laws however sanctioning certain types of expression. Such laws and freedom of speech are at the centre of a public debate in The Netherlands after the arrest on 16 May 2008 of cartoonist Gregorius Nekschot. Jurisprudence from the 1960s prohibits prosecution of blasphemy. Parliament has recently expressed its wish to abolish the law penalizing blasphemy. The current Christian Democrat Justice Minister would however prefer to renew it and expand it to include non-religious philosophies of life, thus making it possible to anticipate and prevent international outcry similar to the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy. Laws that punish discriminatory speech also exist and are being used against Gregorius Nekschot. Laws on lèse majesté exist and are occasionally used to prosecute.
The Dutch Criminal Code § 137(c) criminalizes:
Poland.
"Statutes of Wiślica" introduced in 1347 by Casimir III of Poland codified freedom of speech in medieval Poland e.g. book publishers were not to be persecuted. The Constitution of the Republic of Poland, specifically forbids, the existence of ""political parties and other organizations whose programmes are based upon totalitarian methods and the modes of activity of nazism, fascism and communism, as well as those whose programmes or activities sanction racial or national hatred, the application of violence for the purpose of obtaining power or to influence the State policy, or provide for the secrecy of their own structure or membership"". , people are sometimes convicted and/or detained for about one day for insults to religious feeling (of the Roman Catholic Church) or to heads of state who are not yet, but soon will be, on Polish territory. On 18 July 2003, During 26–27 January 2005, about 30 human rights activists were temporarily detained by the police, allegedly for insulting Vladimir Putin, a visiting head of state. The activists were released after about 30 hours and only one was actually charged with insulting a foreign head of state.
Spain.
Article 578 of the Penal Code of Spain prohibits the "Glorification or justification, by any means of public expression or dissemination, of the crimes included in Articles 571-577 of this Code or of those who participated in its execution, or performance of acts involving disrepute, contempt or humiliation of the victims of terrorist offenses or their families[...]". In January 2014, a judge of the banned a planned march in Bilbao in support of jailed members of the Basque terrorist group ETA that was organized by the group ("Drop for drop" in Basque) on the basis that he considered the group to be the successor to Herrira, whose activities had been banned because of its suspected links to jailed terrorists. In February 2014, a Twitter user was convicted for expressing praise for the terrorist group GRAPO.
Sweden.
Freedom of speech is regulated in three parts of the Constitution of Sweden.
Hate speech laws prohibit threats or expressions of contempt based on race, skin colour, nationality or ethnic origin, religious belief or sexual orientation. Some notable recent cases are Radio Islam and Åke Green. 
United Kingdom.
United Kingdom citizens have a negative right to freedom of expression under the common law. In 1998, the United Kingdom incorporated the European Convention, and the guarantee of freedom of expression it contains in Article 10, into its domestic law under the Human Rights Act. However there is a broad sweep of exceptions including threatening, abusive or insulting words or behavior intending or likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress or cause a breach of the peace (which has been used to prohibit racist speech targeted at individuals), sending another any article which is indecent or grossly offensive with an intent to cause distress or anxiety (which has been used to prohibit speech of a racist or anti-religious nature), incitement, incitement to racial hatred, incitement to religious hatred, incitement to terrorism including encouragement of terrorism and dissemination of terrorist publications, glorifying terrorism, collection or possession of a document or record containing information likely to be of use to a terrorist, treason including compassing or imagining the death of the monarch or advocating for the abolition of the monarchy (which cannot be successfully prosecuted), sedition, obscenity, indecency including corruption of public morals and outraging public decency, defamation, prior restraint, restrictions on court reporting including names of victims and evidence and prejudicing or interfering with court proceedings, prohibition of post-trial interviews with jurors, scandalising the court by criticising or murmuring judges, time, manner, and place restrictions, harassment, privileged communications, trade secrets, classified material, copyright, patents, military conduct, and limitations on commercial speech such as advertising.
UK laws on defamation are among the strictest in the western world, imposing a high burden of proof on the defendant. However, the Education (No. 2) Act 1986 guarantees freedom of speech (within institutions of further education and institutions of higher education) as long as it is within the law (see section 43 of the Education (No. 2) Act 1986). UK defamation law may have recently experienced a considerable liberalising effect as a result of the ruling in Jameel v Wall Street Journal in October 2006. A ruling of the House of Lords—the then highest court of appeal—revived the so-called "Reynolds" Defence, in which journalism undertaken in the public interest shall enjoy a complete defence against a libel suit. Conditions for the defence include the right of reply for potential claimants, and that the balance of the piece was fair in view of what the writer knew at the time. The ruling removed the awkward—and hitherto binding—conditions of being able to describe the publisher as being under a duty to publish the material and the public as having a definite interest in receiving it. The original House of Lords judgment in Reynolds was unclear and held 3–2; whereas Jameel was unanimous and resounding. Lord Hoffman's words, in particular, for how the judge at first instance had applied Reynolds so narrowly, were very harsh. Hoffman LJ made seven references to Eady J, none of them favorable. He twice described his thinking as unrealistic and compared his language to "the jargon of the old Soviet Union."
The Video Recordings Act 2010 requires most video recordings and some video games offered for sale in the United Kingdom to display a classification supplied by the BBFC. There are no set regulations as to what cannot be depicted in order to gain a classification as each scene is considered in the context of the wider intentions of the work; however images that could aid, encourage, or are a result of the committing of a crime, along with sustained and graphic images of torture or sexual abuse are the most likely to be refused. The objectionable material may be cut by the distributor in order to receive a classification, but with some works it may be deemed that no amount of cuts would be able to make the work suitable for classification, effectively banning that title from sale in the country. Cinemas by convention use BBFC classifications, but recordings refused a classification by the BBFC may still be shown in cinemas providing the local authority, from which a cinema must have a licence to operate, will permit them.
Norway.
Article 100 of the Norwegian Constitution has granted freedom of speech since 1814 and is mostly unchanged since then. Article 142 of the penal code is a law against blasphemy, but no one has been charged since 1933, though it was upheld as late as 2004. Article 135a of the penal code is a law against hate speech, which is debated and not widely used.
Article 100 in the Constitution states:
Switzerland.
The Swiss Constitution also guarantees Freedom of speech and Freedom of information for every citizen (Article 16). But still the country makes some controversial decisions, which both Human Right Organizations and other states criticizes. The Swiss Animal Right organization "Verein gegen Tierfabriken Schweiz" took the country to the European Court of Human Rights twice for censoring a TV-Advertisement of the organization, in which the livestock farming of pigs is shown. The organization won both lawsuits, and the Swiss state was convicted to pay compensations. Another very controversial law of Switzerland is that persons who refuse to recognize the Armenian Genocide of 1915 have to face trial. The Turkish politician Doğu Perinçek was fined CHF 12,000 for denying the existence of the Genocide in 2007. Switzerland was criticized by Turkish media and Turkish politicians for acting against the freedom of opinion. Perinçek's application for a revision was rejected by the court. Holocaust denial is also illegal.
Turkey.
Article 26 of the Constitution of Turkey guarantees the right to "Freedom of Expression and Dissemination of Thought". Moreover, the Republic of Turkey is a signatory of the European Convention on Human Rights and submits to the judgments of the European Court of Human Rights. The constitutional freedom of expression may be limited by provisions in other laws, such as Article 301 of the Turkish Penal Code, which outlaws denigration of the Turkish Nation, while also providing that "expression of thought intended to criticize shall not constitute a crime".
North America.
Canada.
Freedom of expression in Canada is guaranteed by section 2(b) of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms:
Section 1 of the Charter, the so-called limitations clause, establishes that the guarantee of freedom of expression and other rights under the Charter are not absolute and can be limited under certain situations:
This section is double-edged. First it implies that a limitation on freedom of speech prescribed in law can be permitted, if it can be justified as being a reasonable limit in a free and democratic society. Conversely, it implies that a restriction can be invalidated, if it cannot be shown to be a reasonable limit in a free and democratic society.
Other laws that protect freedom of speech in Canada, and did so, to a limited extent, before the Charter was enacted in 1982, include the Implied Bill of Rights and the "Canadian Bill of Rights".
In the landmark Supreme Court of Canada case "R. v. Zundel" (1992), the court struck down a provision in the Criminal Code of Canada that prohibited publication of false information or news, stating that it violated section 2(b) of the Charter.
Under section 318 of the Criminal Code of Canada, it is illegal to promote genocide. Under section 319, it is illegal to publicly incite hatred against people based on their colour, race, religion, ethnic origin, and sexual orientation, except where the statements made are true or are made in good faith. The prohibition against inciting hatred based on sexual orientation was added to the section in 2004 with the passage of Bill C-250. A prohibition against inciting hatred based on "gender identity" is slated to be included in section 318 with the passage of Bill C-279, once it has been given Royal Assent.
Canada has had a string of high-profile court cases in which writers and publishers have been prosecuted for their writings, in both magazines and web postings:
Cuba.
Books, newspapers, radio channels, television channels, movies and music are censored. Cuba is one of the world's worst offenders of free speech according to the Press Freedom Index 2008. RWB states that Cuba is "the second biggest prison in the world for journalists" after the People's Republic of China.
United States.
In the United States freedom of expression is protected by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution. There are several common law exceptions including obscenity, defamation, incitement, incitement to riot or imminent lawless action, fighting words, fraud, speech covered by copyright, and speech integral to criminal conduct. There are federal criminal law statutory prohibitions covering all the common law exceptions other than defamation, of which there is civil law liability, as well as terrorist threats, making false statements in "matters within the jurisdiction" of the federal government, spreading false and misleading information (which has been used to punish hoaxes on 4chan), speech related to information decreed to be related to national security such as military and classified information, false advertising, perjury, privileged communications, trade secrets, copyright, and patents. In response to libel tourism, in 2010 the US enacted the SPEECH Act making foreign defamation judgments unenforceable in US courts unless those judgments are compliant with the First Amendment. There also exist so-called "gag orders" which prevent the recipient of certain court orders (such as those concerning national security letters, stored communications subpoenas, pen registers and trap and trace devices) from revealing them. Most states and localities have many identical restrictions, as well as harassment, and time, place and manner restrictions. In addition, in California it is illegal to post a public official’s address or telephone number on the Internet.
Historically, local communities and governments have sometimes sought to place limits upon speech that was deemed subversive or unpopular. There was a significant struggle for the right to free speech on the campus of the University of California at Berkeley in the 1960s. And, in the period from 1906 to 1916, the Industrial Workers of the World, a working class union, found it necessary to engage in free speech fights intended to secure the right of union organizers to speak freely to wage workers. These free speech campaigns were sometimes quite successful, although participants often put themselves at great risk.
Freedom of speech is also sometimes limited to free speech zones, which can take the form of a wire fence enclosure, barricades, or an alternative venue designed to segregate speakers according to the content of their message. There is much controversy surrounding the creation of these areas — the mere existence of such zones is offensive to some people, who maintain that the First Amendment to the United States Constitution makes the entire country an unrestricted free speech zone. Civil liberties advocates claim that Free Speech Zones are used as a form of censorship and public relations management to conceal the existence of popular opposition from the mass public and elected officials.
Neither the federal nor state governments engage in preliminary censorship of movies. However, the Motion Picture Association of America has a rating system, and movies not rated by the MPAA cannot expect anything but a very limited release in theatres. Since the organization is private, no recourse to the courts is available. The rules implemented by the MPAA are more restrictive than the ones implemented by most First World countries. However, unlike comparable public or private institutions in other countries, the MPAA does "not" have the power to limit the retail sale of movies in tape or disc form based on their content, nor does it affect movie distribution in public (i.e., government-funded) libraries. Since 2000, it has become quite common for movie studios to release "unrated" DVD versions of films with MPAA-censored content put back in.
Unlike what has been called a strong international consensus that hate speech needs to be prohibited by law and that such prohibitions override, or are irrelevant to, guarantees of freedom of expression, the United States is perhaps unique among the developed world in that under law, hate speech is legal.
For instance, in July 2012 a US court ruled that advertisements with the slogan, "In any war between the civilized man and the savage, support the civilized man. Support Israel Defeat Jihad", are constitutionally protected speech and the government must allow their display in New York subways. In response on 27 September 2012 New York's Metropolitan Transportation Authority approved new guidelines for subway advertisements, prohibiting those that it “reasonably foresees would imminently incite or provoke violence or other immediate breach of the peace.” The MTA believes the new guidelines adhere to the court’s ruling and will withstand any potential First Amendment challenge. Under the new policy, the authority will continue to allow viewpoint ads, but will require a disclaimer on each ad noting that it does not imply the authority’s endorsement of its views.
South America.
Brazil.
In Brazil, freedom of expression is a Constitutional right. Article Five of the Constitution of Brazil establishes that "the expression of thought is free, anonymity being forbidden". Furthermore, "the expression of intellectual, artistic, scientific, and communications activities is free, independently of censorship or license".
However, there are legal provisions criminalizing the desecration of religious artifacts at the time of worship, hate speech, racism, defamation, calumny and libel. Brazilian Law also forbids "unjust and grave threats".
Historically, freedom of speech has been a right in Brazilian Law since the 1824 Constitution was enacted, though it was banned by the Vargas dictatorship and severely restricted under the military dictatorship in 1964–85.
Ecuador.
Accusations or insults without factual basis can be punished by three months to three years in prison according to Article 494 of Ecuador's penal code. It is usually interpreted in media as criminal defamation and/or libel.
In 2012 the Supreme Court of Ecuador upheld a three-year prison sentence and a $42 million fine for criminal libel against an editor and the directors of the newspaper El Universo for "aggravated defamation of a public official". In 2013 Assemblyman Cléver Jiménez was sentenced to a year in prison for criminal libel.

</doc>
<doc id="18933542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933542" title="ZZ Top discography">
ZZ Top discography

The following is a comprehensive discography of ZZ Top, an American blues rock band. Over the years they have released 15 studio albums, 8 compilation albums, and 42 singles. Also included are album certifications from the RIAA for the United States, the British Phonographic Industry for the United Kingdom and the CRIA for Canada.
ZZ Top has sold over 25 million albums in the US with additional sales internationally. ZZ Top has also promoted sales with several international tours including the Grugahalle in Essen, Germany where "Double Down Live" was recorded and subsequently released as a live compilation.

</doc>
<doc id="18933550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933550" title="Mount Friesland">
Mount Friesland

Mount Friesland is a mountain in the Tangra Mountains of Livingston Island, in the South Shetland Islands. It is situated northeast of Barnard Point, east-southeast of St. Kliment Ohridski Base, southeast of the summit of Pliska Ridge, south by east of Mount Bowles, south-southwest of Camp Academia, west of Great Needle Peak, and north by west of Samuel Point. The peak is heavily glaciated and crevassed.
The feature was known to American and British sealers as early as 1820–21, and has been variously known as "Peak of Frezeland", "Friezland Peak", and "Friesland Peak". In the early 1900s the name "Barnard", applied by James Weddell in 1825 to nearby Needle Peak, was transferred to this mountain. The original name has now been restored; the spelling "Friesland" appears to have been more frequently used than any of the other versions. The name Barnard Point has since been approved for the nearby point at the southeast side of False Bay.
The first ascent of Mount Friesland was made from Juan Carlos I Base on 30 December 1991 by the Catalan climbers Francesc Sàbat and Jorge Enrique, after whom Sàbat Hill and Enrique Hill, respectively, were named. The peak was climbed and GPS surveyed by the Australians Damien Gildea and John Bath and the Chilean Rodrigo Fica on 20 December 2003; they produced a new map of the island in 2004, based on Spanish satellite imagery and their GPS data. The third ascent was made by the Bulgarians Lyubomir Ivanov and Doychin Vasilev from Camp Academia on 15 December 2004. All these used the eastern route to the peak, by way of Catalunyan Saddle and Presian Ridge.

</doc>
<doc id="18933563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933563" title="USNS Lt. James E. Robinson (T-AK-274)">
USNS Lt. James E. Robinson (T-AK-274)

USNS "Lt. James E. Robinson" (T-AK-274/T-AG-170/T-AKV-3) was a "LT. James E. Robinson"-class cargo ship, which was launched as a World War II commercial cargo ship. She had earlier been the U.S. Army's USAT "LT. James E. Robinson" before being acquired by the U.S. Navy.
Victory ship built in Oregon.
"Lt. James E. Robinson" (AKV 3) was laid down under U.S. Maritime Commission contract as "Czechoslovakia Victory" by Oregon Shipbuilding Corporation, Portland, Oregon, 25 November 1943; launched 20 January 1944; sponsored by Miss Barbara Vickery; and delivered to her operator, American Hawaiian Steamship Corp., 11 March 1944.
World War II service.
Owned by the Maritime Commission, she served on the merchant sealanes under the control of the War Shipping Administration during the remainder of World War II and later saw service in the Army Transportation Service as USAT "LT. James E. Robinson". On 1 March 1950 she was transferred by the Maritime Administration to the Navy and assigned to duty under the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS).
Post-war service.
Manned by a civilian crew, "Lt. James E. Robinson" operated out of U.S. East Coast ports, primarily New York City, while making runs to ports in West Germany and the British Isles. In September 1953 she expanded the scope of her operations with a supply and logistics run to the Mediterranean which sent her to Greece, Turkey, and Trieste. 
She maintained this pattern of Mediterranean and western European cruises during the next 7 years. In addition, during the periods of August 1955, August–September 1956, and July October 1958, she carried cargo to Thule, Greenland, in support of military defense construction projects. Late in November 1958, again expanding her area of operations, she cruised to ports in the Red Sea, the Gulf of Aden, and the Persian Gulf before returning to New York City 31 January 1959.
Vietnam-era operations.
"Lt. James E. Robinson" was reclassified "AK-274" in May 1959 while operating in the Atlantic Ocean. Between 1 August 1960 and 9 September she steamed from New York to Saigon, South Vietnam, carrying cargo for the American military effort there. After making ports in Formosa, South Korea, and Japan, she returned to New York via the U.S. West Coast 29 November, thence resumed transatlantic cargo service 16 December.
Circumnavigating the globe.
During April and May 1961 she cruised to the Indian Ocean and back; and between 19 August and 5 January 1962, she circumnavigated the globe steaming from Davisville, Rhode Island, and back via the Panama Canal, Australia, the Suez Canal, and Gibraltar.
During much of 1962 and 1963 Lt. "James E. Robinson" took part in special logistics operations in the South Atlantic and the Indian Oceans. Reclassified "AG-170" in December 1962, she operated out of Cape Town and Durban, South Africa, and ranged the African coast from Liberia to Kenya. 
She continued these operations during the first 4 months of 1964 and returned to New York 31 May via Suez and Rota, Spain. She again reclassified "AK-274" on 1 July 1964 and resumed transatlantic cargo runs to western European ports. Continuing this duty through 1969, she remained assigned to the Atlantic Area of MSTS.
Inactivation.
"Lt. James E. Robinson" was placed out of service at an unknown date and was transferred to the Maritime Administration (MARAD), 17 March 1976, for lay up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet. She was struck from the Navy List on 16 January 1981 and was sold for scrap to Andy Exports, Inc., on 26 May 1983.
Honors and awards.
"Lt. James E. Robinson" received one battle star for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="18933566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933566" title="2004 Forest Hills Tennis Classic – Singles">
2004 Forest Hills Tennis Classic – Singles

Elena Likhovtseva won in the final 6–2, 6–2, against Iveta Benešová.
Seeds.
The top seed receives a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18933568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933568" title="Encyclopaedia Aethiopica">
Encyclopaedia Aethiopica

The Encyclopaedia Aethiopica (EAE) is the basic reference work for Ethiopian and Eritrean Studies. The "Encyclopaedia Aethiopica" provides access to reliable and state-of-the art information in all fields of the discipline, i.e. anthropology, archaeology, ethnology, history, geography, languages and literatures, art, religion, culture and basic data. Although the main audience is academic, most articles are readable also for non-specialists. The EAE is richly illustrated with maps and photographs many of which were never published before.
The "Encyclopaedia Aethiopica" has hundreds of authors from up to thirty countries. High academic standards are secured by an editorial team based at the Research Unit Ethiopian Studies (since 2009 Hiob Ludolf Centre for Ethiopian Studies) at the University of Hamburg in Germany, and experts on all important fields and a board of international supervisors supported the editors. Editor-in-chief is Prof. Dr. Dr. Siegbert Uhlig, former holder of the chair of Ethiopian Studies at the Asia-Africa Institute of Hamburg University and (since 2009) his successor Prof. Dr. Alessandro Bausi.
Planned to consist of five volumes when finished, the first four volumes (2003, 2005, 2007, 2010) are already in print. The first volume includes letters A-C, the second volume is dedicated to letters D-Ha, the third volume covers He-N, and the fourth volume has the articles starting with the letters O through X. The following volume will, besides the letters Y-Z, include a comprehensive index, supplementary articles, and additional maps and material.
The EAE is funded by the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, the Zeit-Stiftung Ebelin und Gerd Bucerius, the Fritz Thyssen Foundation, the German Israeli Foundation, the Johanna und Fritz Buch Gedächtnis-Stiftung, the Karl H. Ditze Stiftung, the Sigrid Rausing Trust and the University of Hamburg.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18933569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933569" title="Library science">
Library science

Library science (often termed library studies or library and information science) is an interdisciplinary or multidisciplinary field that applies the practices, perspectives, and tools of management, information technology, education, and other areas to libraries; the collection, organization, preservation, and dissemination of information resources; and the political economy of information. The first American school for library science was founded by Melvil Dewey at Columbia University in 1887.
Historically, library science has also included archival science. This includes how information resources are organized to serve the needs of select user group, how people interact with classification systems and technology, how information is acquired, evaluated and applied by people in and outside of libraries as well as cross-culturally, how people are trained and educated for careers in libraries, the ethics that guide library service and organization, the legal status of libraries and information resources, and the applied science of computer technology used in documentation and records management.
There is no generally agreed-upon distinction between the terms "library science", "librarianship", and "library and information science", and to a certain extent they are interchangeable, perhaps differing most significantly in connotation. The term "library and information science" (LIS) is most often used; most librarians consider it as only a terminological variation, intended to emphasize the scientific and technical foundations of the subject and its relationship with information science. LIS should not be confused with information theory, the mathematical study of the concept of information. Library and information science can also be seen as an integration of the two fields library science and information science, which were separate at one point. "Library philosophy" has been contrasted with "library science" as the study of the aims and justifications of librarianship as opposed to the development and refinement of techniques.
History.
17th century.
Gabriel Naudé (2 February 1600 – 10 July 1653) wrote the first textbook on library science: "Advice on Establishing a Library" (1627). A French librarian and scholar, Naudé wrote prolifically, producing works on many subjects including politics, religion, history and the supernatural. He put into practice all the ideas he put forth in "Advice" when given the opportunity to build and maintain the library of Cardinal Jules Mazarin.
19th century.
The second textbook (first in German) on the subject was written by Martin Schrettinger from 1808 to 1829.
Thomas Jefferson, whose library at Monticello consisted of thousands of books, devised a classification system inspired by the Baconian method, which grouped books more or less by subject rather than alphabetically, as it was previously done. 
The Jefferson collection was the start of what we now know as the Library of Congress.
The first American school of librarianship opened January 1, 1887 and was termed "School of Library Economy". 
The term library economy was used for library science in USA until 1942
As already stated Dewey Decimal Classification (DDC) used the term "Library economy" from 1876 and to 1942; hereafter the term "Library Science" was used until 1965.
20th century.
Later, the term was used in the title of S. R. Ranganathan's "The Five Laws of Library Science", published in 1931, and in the title of Lee Pierce Butler's 1933 book, "An introduction to library science" (University of Chicago Press).
Shiyali Ramamrita Ranganathan (August 9, 1892, Sirkali, Tamil Nadu – September 27, 1972, Bangalore) was a mathematician and librarian from India. His most notable contributions to the field were his five laws of library science and the development of the first major analytico-synthetic classification system, the colon classification. In India, he is considered to be the father of library science, documentation, and information science and is widely known throughout the rest of the world for his fundamental thinking in the field.
Butler's new approach advocated research using quantitative methods and ideas in the social sciences with the aim of using librarianship to address society's information needs. He was one of the first faculty at the University of Chicago Graduate Library School which changed the structure and focus of education for librarianship in the twentieth century. This research agenda went against the more procedure-based approach of "library economy," which was mostly confined to practical problems in the administration of libraries. 
William Stetson Merrill's "A Code for Classifiers", released in several editions from 1914 to 1939, is an example of a more pragmatic approach, where arguments stemming from in-depth knowledge about each field of study is employed to recommend a system of classification. While Ranganathan's approach was philosophical it was also tied more to the day-to-day business of running a library. A reworking of Raganathan's laws was published in 1995 which removes the constant references to books. Michael Gorman's "Our Enduring Values: Librarianship in the 21st Century", features his 8 principles necessary by library professionals and incorporate knowledge and information in all their forms, allowing for digital information to be considered.
In more recent years, with the growth of digital technology, the field has been greatly influenced by information science concepts. Although a basic understanding is critical to both l
In the English speaking world the term "library science" seems to have been used for the first time in a book in 1916 in the ""Panjab Library Primer"" written by Asa Don Dickinson and published by the University of the Punjab, Lahore, Pakistan. This university was the first in Asia to begin teaching 'library science'. The ""Panjab Library Primer"" was the first textbook on library science published in English anywhere in the world. The first textbook in the United States was the ""Manual of Library Economy"" which was published in 1929. In 1923, C.C. Williamson, who was appointed by the Carnegie Corporation, published an assessment of library science education entitled, " the Williamson Report," which designated that universities should provide library science training. This report had a significant impact on Library Science training and education. 
Library research and practical work, the area of information science has remained largely distinct both in training and in research interests.
21st century.
The digital age has transformed how information is accessed and retrieved. "The library is now a part of a complex and dynamic educational, recreational, and informational infrastructure." The evolution of the library sciences maintains its mission of access equity and community space, as well as, the new means for information retrieval called Information Literacy Skills. All catalogues, databases, and a growing number of books are all available on the Internet. Information literacy is the ability to "determine the extent of information needed, access the needed information effectively and efficiently, evaluate information and its sources critically, incorporate selected information into one’s knowledge base, use information effectively to accomplish a specific purpose, and understand the economic, legal, and social issues surrounding the use of information, and access and use information ethically and legally."
Education and training.
Academic courses in library science include collection management, information systems and technology, research methods, cataloging and classification, , reference, statistics and management. Library science is constantly evolving, incorporating new topics like database management, information architecture and information management, among others.
Most professional library jobs require a professional post-baccalaureate degree in library science, or one of its equivalent terms, library and information science as a basic credential. In the United States and Canada the certification usually comes from a master's degree granted by an ALA-accredited institution, so even non-scholarly librarians have an originally academic background. In the United Kingdom, however, there have been moves to broaden the entry requirements to professional library posts, such that qualifications in, or experience of, a number of other disciplines have become more acceptable. In Australia, a number of institutions offer degrees accepted by the ALIA (Australian Library and Information Association).
Employment outlook and opportunities.
According to U".S. News & World Report", library and information science ranked as one of the "Best Careers of 2008." The median annual salary for 2007 was reported as $51,400 USD in the United States, with additional salary breakdowns available by metropolitan area, with San Francisco coming in the highest with an average salary of $64,400 and Portland, Oregon the lowest at $47,700. This is up from the median salaries in 2006 as $49,060 reported by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. The increase can basically be attributed to keeping pace with inflation. A $49,060 salary in 2006 was adjusted to $50,457.33, and while data is not yet posted for 2008, adding the same rate of inflationary increase for 2008 (1.028%) one could project an inflationary salary adjustment as $51,894.46 for the 2008 fiscal year. In December 2009, the BLS projected growth for the field at "8 percent between 2008 and 2018", which is "as fast as the average for all occupations". Furthermore, the BLS states, "Workers in this occupation tend to be older than workers in the rest of the economy. As a result, there may be more workers retiring from this occupation than other occupations. However, relatively large numbers of graduates from MLS programs may cause competition in some areas and for some jobs."
Librarians in different types of libraries.
Public Library.
The study of librarianship for public libraries covers issues such as cataloging; collection development for a diverse community; information literacy; readers' advisory; community standards; public services-focused librarianship; serving a diverse community of adults, children, and teens; intellectual freedom; censorship; and legal and budgeting issues. The public library as a commons or public sphere based on the work of Jürgen Habermas has become a central metaphor in the 21st century.
School/Media Specialist.
The study of school librarianship covers library services for children in schools through secondary school. In some regions, the local government may have stricter standards for the education and certification of school librarians (who are often considered a special case of teacher), than for other librarians, and the educational program will include those local criteria. School librarianship may also include issues of intellectual freedom, pedagogy, information literacy, and how to build a cooperative curriculum with the teaching staff.
Academic Library.
The study of academic librarianship covers library services for colleges and universities. Issues of special importance to the field may include copyright; technology, digital libraries, and digital repositories; academic freedom; open access to scholarly works; as well as specialized knowledge of subject areas important to the institution and the relevant reference works. Librarians often divide focus individually as liaisons on particular schools within a college or university.
Some academic librarians are considered faculty, and hold similar academic ranks to those of professors, while others are not. In either case, the minimal qualification is a Master of Arts in Library Studies or Masters of Arts in Library and Information Science. Some academic libraries may only require a master's degree in a specific academic field or a related field, such as educational technology.
Archives.
The study of archives includes the training of archivists, librarians specially trained to maintain and build archives of records intended for historical preservation. Special issues include physical preservation of materials and mass deacidification; specialist catalogs; solo work; access; and appraisal. Many archivists are also trained historians specializing in the period covered by the archive.
Special Library.
Special librarians include almost any other form of librarianship, including those who serve in medical libraries (and hospitals or medical schools), corporations, news agencies, government organizations, or other special collections. The issues at these libraries will be specific to the industries they inhabit, but may include solo work; corporate financing; specialized collection development; and extensive self-promotion to potential patrons.
Preservation.
Preservation librarians most often work in academic libraries. Their focus is on the management of preservation activities that seek to maintain access to content within books, manuscripts, archival materials, and other library resources. Examples of activities managed by preservation librarians include binding, conservation, digital and analog reformatting, digital preservation, and environmental monitoring.
Theory and practice.
Many practicing librarians do not contribute to LIS scholarship, but focus on daily operations within their own libraries or library systems. Other practicing librarians, particularly in academic libraries, do perform original scholarly LIS research and contribute to the academic end of the field.
On this basis, it has sometimes been proposed that LIS is distinct from librarianship, in a way analogous to the difference between medicine and doctoring. In this view, librarianship, the application of library science, would comprise the practical "services" rendered by librarians in their day-to-day attempts to meet the needs of library patrons. 
Whether or not individual professional librarians contribute to scholarly research and publication, many are involved with and contribute to the advancement of the profession and of library science and information science through local, state, regional, national and international library or information organizations.
Other uses of these terms do not make the distinction and treat them as synonyms. 
Powell's widely used introductory textbook does not make a formal distinction, but its bibliography uses the word librarianship as the heading for articles about the library profession.
Library science is very closely related to issues of knowledge organization; however, the latter is a broader term which covers how knowledge is represented and stored (computer science/linguistics), how it might be automatically processed (artificial intelligence), and how it is organized outside the library in global systems such as the internet. In addition, library science typically refers to a specific community engaged in managing holdings as they are found in university and government libraries, while knowledge organization in general refers to this and also to other communities (such as publishers) and other systems (such as the Internet). The Library system is thus one socio-technical structure for knowledge organization.

</doc>
<doc id="18933570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933570" title="Akheri">
Akheri

Akheri is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania.
The town of Akheri is also the capital of Arumeru district. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 12,243.

</doc>
<doc id="18933572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933572" title="The Brunts Academy">
The Brunts Academy

The Brunts Academy is a large secondary school in north Mansfield, Nottinghamshire in England. The school specialises in the Performing Arts. It has previously been a Grammar School and a Technical School and traces its foundation back to a bequest by Samuel Brunts in 1709. Its past students include 2008 double Olympic Gold medallist Rebecca Adlington.
The Brunts School became The Brunts Academy with effect from the 1 January 2012.
History.
The Brunts Academy can trace its history back to an elementary school that was founded in 1687 and had endowments equal to 100 pounds per year. In 1709, Samuel Brunts left a bequest in order that local children could learn an honest trade. The bequest and the school resulted in 40 boys and girls learning reading, writing and arithmetic by 1831 with the girls particularly studying needlework. It was not until 60 years later that the school and the bequest were combined. By 1891, Samuel Brunts' bequest was worth £3,800 so the new school was named Brunts Technical School.
In 1830 "Brunts Charity" owned buildings and land in East Bridgford, Nottingham's marketplace and at Claypool in Lincolnshire. It was the richest of all the charitable foundations in Mansfield in 1832 when it was paying out £4 a year to 220 different claimants.
In 1891 a new building was built. In 1976 Brunts Grammar School became a comprehensive.
Organisation.
The school's intake is taken from a number of schools known as the 'family of schools'. The list includes King Edward School, Sutton Road School, St Peter's (C of E) School, High Oakham School and Newgate Primary School.
The school uniform includes distinctive green blazers for both boys and girls. The school colours are green and gold. whilst the school emblem is a rearing griffin within a shield with "Nil mortalibus ardui est" emblazened upon it.
This former grammar school is distinguished by having its own school song, composed by former (music) teachers H S Rosen and A D Sanders in 1944.
Academic standards.
In 2002, there were nearly 1500 pupils in the school of whom fewer than 1300 were at age 16 or below. The school achieved 57% A-C passes with only 5% achieving no passes at all. This was 5% better than the county and 10% above the national average.
Overall the school is characterised by a high proportion of white pupils compared with the national average and nearly all students have English as their first language. Attainment is "broadly average" and at the inspection of the school by Her Majesty's Inspectorate in 2009, the school was assessed as "satisfactory" with higher marks for its pastoral care.
Awards.
In 2003 Brunts was awarded the Artsmark Gold Award and in 2006 the Healthy Schools Gold Standard and the Full International School Award.

</doc>
<doc id="18933575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933575" title="Wolfgang Stöckl">
Wolfgang Stöckl

Wolfgang Stöckl (born on 11 June 1948) currently serves as the Vice Chairman of the United Nations International Civil Service Commission.
Before becoming the Vice Chairman of ICSC, Stöckl was Ambassador and Special Coordinator for German Personnel in International Organizations. From 2000 to 2002, he served as Director of Economic and Development Affairs in the United Nations and Global Affairs Department of the Foreign Office of the Federal Republic of Germany. From 1997 to 2000, he was First Counsellor of the Permanent Mission of the Federal Republic of Germany to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris, in charge of the Public Management Committee and human resources management issues. He was a member of the ICSC from 1997 to 2002.
In 1997, he served as Chairman of the Committee for Programme and Coordination of the United Nations.
Between 1995 and 1997, he was member of the UN Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions(ACABQ). From 1991 to 1997, he was Counsellor of the Permanent Mission of the Federal Republic of Germany to the United Nations in New York. In this capacity, he was in charge of the UN reform, common system and human resources management issues.
Earlier in his career, he served on a variety of capacities in the German foreign service, including as Special Adviser for Management and Personnel Questions to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the German Democratic Republic in 1990, as Deputy Head of the Organization and Management Division of the Foreign Office from 1989 to 1991, as Head of the Headquarters Inspection Unit of the Foreign Office, Director of the German-Saudi Arabian Liaison Office for Economic Affairs in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, as German Counsul in Cairo, Egypt and as Assistant Director in the Training Centre of the Federal Foreign Service.
He joined the German Foreign Office in 1977. Previously, he served the Ministry of Interior in Land Hesse, Germany, in 1976. He was Assistant judge and assistant prosecutor in the Ministry of Justice in Land Hesse from 1973 to 1974.
He studied in the Training Centre of the Federal Foreign Office in Bonn from 1977 to 1979. He holds a Postgraduate Degree in Public Administration at the Postgraduate School of Public Administration in Speyer, German. He passed the Second State Examination in law(Bar Examination) in 1975 and the First State Examination in law(Masters Degree) in 1972. From 1967 to 1971, he studied law at the University of Marburg, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18933581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933581" title="Bangata">
Bangata

Bangata is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 7,612.

</doc>
<doc id="18933591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933591" title="Bwawani">
Bwawani

Bwawani is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 8,950.

</doc>
<doc id="18933592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933592" title="Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Award">
Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Award

Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Award was instituted by ICAR in 1956 to provide incentives to research workers in India and to recognize their outstanding research work. Nine Awards are given biennially in seven disciplines of agriculture and allied sciences to a scientist who has made outstanding research contributions.
The award is given in fields of :
The award consists of a Gold medal, a citation, and a cash prize of 300,000 Indian Rupees.
This award is given by Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR).
This award is named after Indian freedom fighter and politician Rafi Ahmed Kidwai.
Awardee List.
Following is list of the recipients of the Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Award:

</doc>
<doc id="18933593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933593" title="List of number-one singles of 1980 (Ireland)">
List of number-one singles of 1980 (Ireland)

This is a list of singles which have reached number one on the Irish Singles Chart in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18933596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933596" title="Mount Murchison">
Mount Murchison

Mount Murchison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18933597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933597" title="Stetson Mountain">
Stetson Mountain

Stetson Mountain is a small mountain located in Washington County, Maine; a long ridge running roughly north–south. The summit elevation is between and .
Stetson is approximately from the Canada – United States border with New Brunswick.
Stetson Mountain stands within the watershed of the Mattawamkeag River, which drains into the Penobscot River, and into Penobscot Bay.
Much of the west side of Stetson Mtn. drains into Meadow Brook, thence into the Mattawamkeag River. 
Both sides of the southern end of Stetson Mountain drain into Baskahegan Stream, thence into the Mattawamkeag River. 
Both sides of the northern end and most of the east side of Stetson Mountain drain into Hot Brook, thence into Baskahegan Stream.
Stetson Wind Farm.
In January 2008, First Wind (then UPC Wind) received the approval of the Maine Land Use Regulation Commission (LURC) for its Stetson Wind Farm. The 57 megawatt wind farm began commercial operations in January 2009. It consists of 38 General Electric 1.5-MW wind turbines, and is expected to generate approximately 167 million kilowatt-hours (kW·h) of electricity per year. , Stetson Wind is the largest wind energy project in operation in New England, surpassing the Mars Hill Wind Farm.
In March 2009, the LURC approved First Wind's $60 million 25.5 MW Stetson II project. The 17 turbines will be installed on nearby Jimmy () and Owl () mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="18933599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933599" title="Walnut Street Historic District (Oneonta, New York)">
Walnut Street Historic District (Oneonta, New York)

The Walnut Street Historic District is a historic district in Oneonta, New York, USA. The district includes 44 structures located on: Dietz Street, Elm Street, Ford Avenue, Maple Street, and Walnut Street. Changes in rental regulations by the city government concern those involved with the preservation of the historic district.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. 

</doc>
<doc id="18933600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933600" title="File format">
File format

A file format is a standard way that information is encoded for storage in a computer file. It specifies how bits are used to encode information in a digital storage medium. File formats may be either proprietary or free and may be either unpublished or open.
Some file formats are designed for very particular types of data: PNG files, for example, store bitmapped images using lossless data compression. Other file formats, however, are designed for storage of several different types of data: the Ogg format can act as a container for different types of multimedia, including any combination of audio and video, with or without text (such as subtitles), and metadata. A text file can contain any stream of characters, including possible control characters, and is encoded in one of various character encoding schemes. Some file formats, such as HTML, scalable vector graphics, and the source code of computer software are text files with defined syntaxes that allow them to be used for specific purposes.
Specifications.
File formats often have a published specification describing the encoding method and enabling testing of program intended functionality. Not all formats have freely available specification documents, partly because some developers view their specification documents as trade secrets, and partly because other developers never author a formal specification document, letting precedent set by other programs define the format.
If the developer of a format doesn't publish free specifications, another developer looking to utilize that kind of file must either reverse engineer the file to find out how to read it or acquire the specification document from the format's developers for a fee and by signing a non-disclosure agreement. The latter approach is possible only when a formal specification document exists. Both strategies require significant time, money, or both; therefore, file formats with publicly available specifications tend to be supported by more programs.
Patents.
Patent law, rather than copyright, is more often used to protect a file format. Although patents for file formats are not directly permitted under US law, some formats encode data using patented algorithms. For example, using compression with the GIF file format requires the use of a patented algorithm, and though the patent owner did not initially enforce their patent, they later began collecting royalty fees. This has resulted in a significant decrease in the use of GIFs, and is partly responsible for the development of the alternative PNG format. However, the patent expired in the US in mid-2003, and worldwide in mid-2004. Current European law does not enable algorithm patents (with some exceptions) and specifies, "Wherever the use of a patented technique is needed for a significant purpose such as ensuring conversion of the conventions used in two different computer systems or networks so as to allow communication and exchange of data content between them, such use is not considered to be a patent infringement". This allows implementation of a patented file system where necessary for two different computers to interoperate.
Identifying file type.
Different operating systems have traditionally taken different approaches to determining a particular file's format, with each approach having its own advantages and disadvantages. Most modern operating systems and individual applications need to use all of the following approaches to read "foreign" file formats, if not work with them completely.
Filename extension.
One popular method used by many operating systems, including Windows, Mac OS X, CP/M, DOS, VMS, and VM/CMS, is to determine the format of a file based on the end of its name—the letters following the final period. This portion of the filename is known as the filename extension. For example, HTML documents are identified by names that end with .html (or .htm), and GIF images by .gif. In the original FAT filesystem, file names were limited to an eight-character identifier and a three-character extension, known as an 8.3 filename. Many formats still use three-character extensions even though modern operating systems and application programs no longer have this limitation. Since there is no standard list of extensions, more than one format can use the same extension, which can confuse both the operating system and users.
One artifact of this approach is that the system can easily be tricked into treating a file as a different format simply by renaming it—an HTML file can, for instance, be easily treated as plain text by renaming it from filename.html to filename.txt. Although this strategy was useful to expert users who could easily understand and manipulate this information, it was often confusing to less technical users, who could accidentally make a file unusable (or "lose" it) by renaming it incorrectly.
This led more recent operating system shells, such as Windows 95 and Mac OS X, to hide the extension when listing files. This prevents the user from accidentally changing the file type, and allows expert users to turn this feature off and display the extensions.
Hiding the extension, however, can create the appearance of two or more identical filenames in the same folder. For example, a company logo may be needed both in .eps format (for publishing) and .png format (for web sites). With the extensions visible, these would appear as the unique filenames "CompanyLogo.eps" and "CompanyLogo.png". On the other hand, hiding the extensions would make both appear as "CompanyLogo".
Hiding extensions can also pose a security risk. For example, a malicious user could create an executable program with an innocent name such as "Holiday photo.jpg.exe". The ".exe" would be hidden and a user would see "Holiday photo.jpg", which would appear to be a JPEG image, unable to harm the machine save for bugs in the application used to view it. However, the operating system would still see the ".exe" extension and thus run the program, which would then be able to cause harm to the computer. The same is true with files with only one extension: as it is not shown to the user, no information about the file can be deduced without explicitly investigating the file. To further trick users, it is possible to store an icon inside the program, in which case some operating systems' icon assignment for the executable file (.exe) would be overridden with an icon commonly used to represent JPEG images, making the program look like an image. This issue requires users with extensions hidden to be vigilant and never let the operating system choose with what program to open a file not known to be trustworthy (which counteracts the idea of making things easier for the user). This presents a practical problem for Windows systems where extension-hiding is turned on by default.
Internal metadata.
A second way to identify a file format is to use information regarding the format stored inside the file itself, either information meant for this purpose or binary strings that happen to always be in specific locations in files of some formats. Since the easiest place to locate them is at the beginning, such area is usually called a "file header" when it is greater than a few bytes, or a "magic number" if it is just a few bytes long.
File header.
The metadata contained in a file header are usually stored at the start of the file, but might be present in other areas too, often including the end, depending on the file format or the type of data contained. Character-based (text) files usually have character-based headers, whereas binary formats usually have binary headers, although this is not a rule. Text-based file headers usually require more bytes, but being human-readable they can easily be examined by using simple software such as a text editor or a hexadecimal editor.
As well as identifying the file format, file headers may contain metadata about the file and its contents. For example most image files store information about image format, size, resolution and color space, and optionally authoring information such as who made the image, when and where it was made, what camera model and photographic settings were used (Exif), and so on. Such metadata may be used by software reading or interpreting the file during the loading process and afterwards.
File headers may be used by an operating system to quickly gather information about a file without loading it all into memory, but doing so uses more of a computer's resources than reading directly from the directory information. For instance, when a graphic file manager has to display the contents of a folder, it must read the headers of many files before it can display the appropriate icons, but these will be located in different places on the storage medium thus taking longer to access. A folder containing many files with complex metadata such as thumbnail information may require considerable time before it can be displayed.
If a header is binary hard-coded such that the header itself needs complex interpretation in order to be recognized, especially for metadata content protection's sake, there is a risk that the file format can be misinterpreted. It may even have been badly written at the source. This can result in corrupt metadata which, in extremely bad cases, might even render the file unreadable. 
A more complex example of file headers are those used for wrapper (or container) file formats.
Magic number.
One way to incorporate file type metadata, often associated with Unix and its derivatives, is just to store a "magic number" inside the file itself. Originally, this term was used for a specific set of 2-byte identifiers at the beginning of a file, but since any binary sequence can be regarded as a number, any feature of a file format which uniquely distinguishes it can be used for identification. GIF images, for instance, always begin with the ASCII representation of either GIF87a or GIF89a, depending upon the standard to which they adhere. Many file types, most especially plain-text files, are harder to spot by this method. HTML files, for example, might begin with the string <html> (which is not case sensitive), or an appropriate document type definition that starts with <!DOCTYPE, or, for XHTML, the XML identifier, which begins with <?xml. The files can also begin with HTML comments, random text, or several empty lines, but still be usable HTML.
The magic number approach offers better guarantees that the format will be identified correctly, and can often determine more precise information about the file. Since reasonably reliable "magic number" tests can be fairly complex, and each file must effectively be tested against every possibility in the magic database, this approach is relatively inefficient, especially for displaying large lists of files (in contrast, filename and metadata-based methods need check only one piece of data, and match it against a sorted index). Also, data must be read from the file itself, increasing latency as opposed to metadata stored in the directory. Where filetypes don't lend themselves to recognition in this way, the system must fall back to metadata. It is, however, the best way for a program to check if a file it has been told to process is of the correct format: while the file's name or metadata may be altered independently of its content, failing a well-designed magic number test is a pretty sure sign that the file is either corrupt or of the wrong type. On the other hand a valid magic number does not guarantee that the file is not corrupt or is of a correct type.
So-called shebang lines in script files are a special case of magic numbers. Here, the magic number is human-readable text that identifies a specific command interpreter and options to be passed to the command interpreter.
Another operating system using magic numbers is AmigaOS, where magic numbers were called "Magic Cookies" and were adopted as a standard system to recognize executables in Hunk executable file format and also to let single programs, tools and utilities deal automatically with their saved data files, or any other kind of file types when saving and loading data. This system was then enhanced with the Amiga standard Datatype recognition system. Another method was the FourCC method, originating in OSType on Macintosh, later adapted by Interchange File Format (IFF) and derivatives.
External metadata.
A final way of storing the format of a file is to explicitly store information about the format in the file system, rather than within the file itself.
This approach keeps the metadata separate from both the main data and the name, but is also less portable than either file extensions or "magic numbers", since the format has to be converted from filesystem to filesystem. While this is also true to an extent with filename extensions — for instance, for compatibility with MS-DOS's three character limit — most forms of storage have a roughly equivalent definition of a file's data and name, but may have varying or no representation of further metadata.
Note that zip files or archive files solve the problem of handling metadata. A utility program collects multiple files together along with metadata about each file and the folders/directories they came from all within one new file (e.g. a zip file with extension .zip). The new file is also compressed and possibly encrypted, but now is transmissible as a single file across operating systems by FTP systems or attached to email. At the destination, it must be unzipped by a compatible utility to be useful, but the problems of transmission are solved this way.
Mac OS type-codes.
The Mac OS' Hierarchical File System stores codes for "creator" and "type" as part of the directory entry for each file. These codes are referred to as OSTypes. These codes could be any 4-byte sequence, but were often selected so that the ASCII representation formed a sequence of meaningful characters, such as an abbreviation of the application's name or the developer's initials. For instance a HyperCard "stack" file has a "creator" of WILD (from Hypercard's previous name, "WildCard") and a "type" of STAK. The BBEdit text editor has a creator code of R*ch referring to its original programmer, Rich Siegel. The type code specifies the format of the file, while the creator code specifies the default program to open it with when double-clicked by the user. For example, the user could have several text files all with the type code of TEXT, but which each open in a different program, due to having differing creator codes. This feature was intended so that, for example, human-readable plain-text files could be opened in a general purpose text editor, while programming or HTML code files would open in a specialized editor or IDE, but this feature was often the source of user confusion as which program would launch when the files were double-clicked was often unpredictable. RISC OS uses a similar system, consisting of a 12-bit number which can be looked up in a table of descriptions — e.g. the hexadecimal number FF5 is "aliased" to PoScript, representing a PostScript file.
Mac OS X Uniform Type Identifiers (UTIs).
A Uniform Type Identifier (UTI) is a method used in Mac OS X for uniquely identifying "typed" classes of entity, such as file formats. It was developed by Apple as a replacement for OSType (type & creator codes).
The UTI is a Core Foundation string, which uses a reverse-DNS string. Some common and standard types use a domain called public (e.g. public.png for a Portable Network Graphics image), while other domains can be used for third-party types (e.g. com.adobe.pdf for Portable Document Format). UTIs can be defined within a hierarchical structure, known as a conformance hierarchy. Thus, public.png conforms to a supertype of public.image, which itself conforms to a supertype of public.data. A UTI can exist in multiple hierarchies, which provides great flexibility.
In addition to file formats, UTIs can also be used for other entities which can exist in OS X, including:
OS/2 Extended Attributes.
The HPFS, FAT12 and FAT16 (but not FAT32) filesystems allow the storage of "extended attributes" with files. These comprise an arbitrary set of triplets with a name, a coded type for the value and a value, where the names are unique and values can be up to 64 KB long. There are standardized meanings for certain types and names (under OS/2). One such is that the ".TYPE" extended attribute is used to determine the file type. Its value comprises a list of one or more file types associated with the file, each of which is a string, such as "Plain Text" or "HTML document". Thus a file may have several types.
The NTFS filesystem also allows storage of OS/2 extended attributes, as one of the file "forks", but this feature is merely present to support the OS/2 subsystem (not present in XP), so the Win32 subsystem treats this information as an opaque block of data and does not use it. Instead, it relies on other file forks to store meta-information in Win32-specific formats. OS/2 extended attributes can still be read and written by Win32 programs, but the data must be entirely parsed by applications.
POSIX extended attributes.
On Unix and Unix-like systems, the ext2, ext3, ReiserFS version 3, XFS, JFS, FFS, and HFS+ filesystems allow the storage of extended attributes with files. These include an arbitrary list of "name=value" strings, where the names are unique and a value can be accessed through its related name.
PRONOM Unique Identifiers (PUIDs).
The PRONOM Persistent Unique Identifier (PUID) is an extensible scheme of persistent, unique and unambiguous identifiers for file formats, which has been developed by The National Archives of the UK as part of its PRONOM technical registry service. PUIDs can be expressed as Uniform Resource Identifiers using the info:pronom/ namespace. Although not yet widely used outside of UK government and some digital preservation programmes, the PUID scheme does provide greater granularity than most alternative schemes.
MIME types.
MIME types are widely used in many Internet-related applications, and increasingly elsewhere, although their usage for on-disc type information is rare. These consist of a standardised system of identifiers (managed by IANA) consisting of a "type" and a "sub-type", separated by a slash — for instance, text/html or image/gif. These were originally intended as a way of identifying what type of file was attached to an e-mail, independent of the source and target operating systems. MIME types identify files on BeOS, AmigaOS 4.0 and MorphOS, as well as store unique application signatures for application launching. In AmigaOS and MorphOS the Mime type system works in parallel with Amiga specific Datatype system.
There are problems with the MIME types though; several organisations and people have created their own MIME types without registering them properly with IANA, which makes the use of this standard awkward in some cases.
File format identifiers (FFIDs).
File format identifiers is another, not widely used way to identify file formats according to their origin and their file category. It was created for the Description Explorer suite of software. It is composed of several digits of the form NNNNNNNNN-XX-YYYYYYY. The first part indicates the organisation origin/maintainer (this number represents a value in a company/standards organisation database), the 2 following digits categorize the type of file in hexadecimal. The final part is composed of the usual file extension of the file or the international standard number of the file, padded left with zeros. For example, the PNG file specification has the FFID of 000000001-31-0015948 where 31 indicates an image file, 0015948 is the standard number and 000000001 indicates the ISO Organisation.
File content based format identification.
Another but least popular way to identify the file format is to look at the file contents for distinguishable patterns among file types. As we know, the file contents are sequence of bytes and a byte has 256 unique patterns (0~255). Thus, counting the occurrence of byte patterns that is often referred as byte frequency distribution gives distinguishable patterns to identify file types. There are many content-based file type identification schemes that use byte frequency distribution to build the representative models for file type and use any statistical and data mining techniques to identify file types 
File structure.
There are several types of ways to structure data in a file. The most usual ones are described below.
Unstructured formats (raw memory dumps).
Earlier file formats used raw data formats that consisted of directly dumping the memory images of one or more structures into the file.
This has several drawbacks. Unless the memory images also have reserved spaces for future extensions, extending and improving this type of structured file is very difficult. It also creates files that might be specific to one platform or programming language (for example a structure containing a Pascal string is not recognized as such in C). On the other hand, developing tools for reading and writing these types of files is very simple.
The limitations of the unstructured formats led to the development of other types of file formats that could be easily extended and be backward compatible at the same time.
Chunk-based formats.
In this kind of file structure, each piece of data is embedded in a container that somehow identifies the data. The container's scope can be identified by start- and end-markers of some kind, by an explicit length field somewhere, or by fixed requirements of the file format's definition.
Throughout the 70's, many programs used formats of this general kind. For example, word-processors such as troff, Script, and Scribe, and database export files such as CSV. Electronic Arts and Commodore-Amiga also used this type of file format in 1985, with their IFF (Interchange File Format) file format.
A container is sometimes called a ""chunk"", although "chunk" may also imply that each piece is small, and/or that chunks do not contain other chunks; many formats do not impose those requirements.
The information that identifies a particular "chunk" may be called many different things, often terms including "field name", "identifier", "label", or "tag". The identifiers are often human-readable, and classify parts of the data: for example, as a "surname", "address", "rectangle", "font name", etc. These are not the same thing as identifiers in the sense of a database key or serial number (although an identifier may well identify its associated data as such a key).
With this type of file structure, tools that do not know certain chunk identifiers simply skip those that they do not understand. Depending on the
actual meaning of the skipped data, this may or may not be useful (CSS explicitly defines such behavior).
This concept has been used again and again by RIFF (Microsoft-IBM equivalent of IFF), PNG, JPEG storage, DER (Distinguished Encoding Rules) encoded streams and files (which were originally described in CCITT X.409:1984 and therefore predate IFF), and Structured Data Exchange Format (SDXF).
Indeed, any data format must somehow identify the significance of its component parts, and embedded boundary-markers are an obvious way to do so:
Directory-based formats.
This is another extensible format, that closely resembles a file system (OLE Documents are actual filesystems), where the file is composed of 'directory entries' that contain the location of the data within the file itself as well as its signatures (and in certain cases its type). Good examples of these types of file structures are disk images, OLE documents and TIFF images.

</doc>
<doc id="18933603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933603" title="Ilkiding'a">
Ilkiding'a

Ilkiding'a is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 16,777.

</doc>
<doc id="18933617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933617" title="Civilization Fund Act">
Civilization Fund Act

The Civilization Fund Act was an Act passed by the United States Congress on March 3, 1819. The Act encouraged activities of benevolent societies in providing education for Native Americans and authorized an annuity to stimulate the "civilization process". Thomas L. McKenney lobbied the Congress in support of the legislation. The Civilization Fund Act led to the formation of numerous Native American boarding schools towards the end of the 19th century.
The benevolent societies were a combination of Christian missions and the federal government.
Federal funds were allocated to schools designed to educate Native Americans in the ways of the white man. The goal was to "civilize" Native Americans by getting rid of their traditions and customs and teaching them reading and writing in the missionary schools.
The passage of the Act helped define a class structure within Native American society. While traditional Native Americans opposed the schools, "progressive" ones accepted the schools. Their education and command of the English language propelled them to leadership positions within tribes and ultimately led to policy shifts and treaties that ceded land to the United States government.
"That for the purpose of guarding against the further decline and final extinction of the Indian tribes, adjoining the frontier settlements of the United States, are for introducing among them the habits and arts of civilization" annual sum/annuity is ten thousand dollars "and an account of the expenditure of the money, and proceedings in execution of the foregoing provisions, shall be laid annually before Congress."
The Bureau of Indian Affairs was created in 1824 by the federal government and placed into the War Department. It was created in order to administer the annuity given to the schools.

</doc>
<doc id="18933621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933621" title="Hacallı, Tartar">
Hacallı, Tartar

Hacallı (also, Ha-callı and Gadzhally) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of İrəvanlı.

</doc>
<doc id="18933628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933628" title="Jraberd">
Jraberd

Jraberd (; ) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village is on the cease-fire line between the armed forces of the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic and those of Azerbaijan. There have been allegations of cease fire violations in the village's vicinity.

</doc>
<doc id="18933630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933630" title="Kikatiti">
Kikatiti

Kikatiti is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 13,180.

</doc>
<doc id="18933632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933632" title="Metadata">
Metadata

Metadata is "data about data". The term is ambiguous, as it is used for two fundamentally different concepts (types). Structural metadata is about the design and specification of data structures and is more properly called "data about the containers of data"; descriptive metadata, on the other hand, is about individual instances of application data, the data content.
Metadata are traditionally found in the card catalogs of libraries. As information has become increasingly digital, metadata are also used to describe digital data using metadata standards specific to a particular discipline. By describing the contents and context of data files, the quality of the original data/files is greatly increased. For example, a webpage may include metadata specifying what language it is written in, what tools were used to create it, and where to go for more on the subject, allowing browsers to automatically improve the experience of users.
Definition.
Metadata (metacontent) are defined as the data providing information about one or more aspects of the data, such as:
For example, a digital image may include metadata that describe how large the picture is, the color depth, the image resolution, when the image was created, and other data. A text document's metadata may contain information about how long the document is, who the author is, when the document was written, and a short summary of the document.
Metadata are data. As such, metadata can be stored and managed in a database, often called a metadata registry or metadata repository. However, without context and a point of reference, it might be impossible to identify metadata just by looking at them. For example: by itself, a database containing several numbers, all 13 digits long could be the results of calculations or a list of numbers to plug into an equation - without any other context, the numbers themselves can be perceived as the data. But if given the context that this database is a log of a book collection, those 13-digit numbers may now be identified as ISBNs - information that refers to the book, but is not itself the information within the book.
The term "metadata" was coined in 1968 by Philip Bagley, in his book "Extension of programming language concepts" where it is clear that he uses the term in the ISO 11179 "traditional" sense, which is "structural metadata" i.e. "data about the containers of data"; rather than the alternate sense "content about individual instances of data content" or metacontent, the type of data usually found in library catalogues. Since then the fields of information management, information science, information technology, librarianship and GIS have widely adopted the term. In these fields the word "metadata" is defined as "data about data". While this is the generally accepted definition, various disciplines have adopted their own more specific explanation and uses of the term.
Libraries.
Metadata have been used in various forms as a means of cataloging archived information. The Dewey Decimal System employed by libraries for the classification of library materials is an early example of metadata usage. Library catalogues used 3x5 inch cards to display a book's title, author, subject matter, and a brief plot synopsis along with an abbreviated alpha-numeric identification system which indicated the physical location of the book within the library's shelves.
Such data help classify, aggregate, identify, and locate a particular book. Another form of older metadata collection is the use by US Census Bureau of what is known as the "Long Form." The Long Form asks questions that are used to create demographic data to find patterns of distribution.
Photographs.
Metadata may be written into a digital photo file that will identify who owns it, copyright and contact information, what camera created the file, along with exposure information and descriptive information such as keywords about the photo, making the file searchable on the computer and/or the Internet. Some metadata are written by the camera and some is input by the photographer and/or software after downloading to a computer. However, not all digital cameras enable you to edit metadata; this functionality has been available on most Nikon DSLRs since the Nikon D3 and on most new Canon cameras since the Canon EOS 7D.
Photographic Metadata Standards are governed by organizations that develop the following standards. They include, but are not limited to:
Video.
Metadata are particularly useful in video, where information about its contents (such as transcripts of conversations and text descriptions of its scenes) are not directly understandable by a computer, but where efficient search is desirable.
Web pages.
Web pages often include metadata in the form of meta tags. Description and keywords meta tags are commonly used to describe the Web page's content. Most search engines use these data when adding pages to their search index.
Creation of metadata.
Metadata can be created either by automated information processing or by manual work. Elementary metadata captured by computers can include information about when an object was created, who created it, when it was last updated, file size and file extension.
For the purposes of this article, an "object" refers to any of the following:
Metadata types.
The metadata application is manyfold covering a large variety of fields of application there are nothing but specialised and well accepted models to specify types of metadata. Bretheron & Singley (1994) distinguish between two distinct classes: structural/control metadata and guide metadata. Structural metadata are used to describe the structure of database objects such as tables, columns, keys and indexes. Guide metadata are used to help humans find specific items and are usually expressed as a set of keywords in a natural language. According to Ralph Kimball metadata can be divided into 2 similar categories: technical metadata and business metadata. Technical metadata correspond to internal metadata, "business metadata" - to external metadata. Kimball adds a third category named process metadata. On the other hand, NISO distinguishes among three types of metadata: descriptive, structural and administrative. Descriptive metadata are the information used to search and locate an object such as title, author, subjects, keywords, publisher; structural metadata give a description of how the components of the object are organised; and administrative metadata refer to the technical information including file type. Two sub-types of administrative metadata are rights management metadata and preservation metadata.
Metadata structures.
Metadata (metacontent), or more correctly, the vocabularies used to assemble metadata (metacontent) statements, are typically structured according to a standardized concept using a well-defined metadata scheme, including: metadata standards and metadata models. Tools such as controlled vocabularies, taxonomies, thesauri, data dictionaries and metadata registries can be used to apply further standardization to the metadata. Structural metadata commonality is also of paramount importance in data model development and in database design.
Metadata syntax.
Metadata (metacontent) syntax refers to the rules created to structure the fields or elements of metadata (metacontent). A single metadata scheme may be expressed in a number of different markup or programming languages, each of which requires a different syntax. For example, Dublin Core may be expressed in plain text, HTML, XML and RDF.
A common example of (guide) metacontent is the bibliographic classification, the subject, the Dewey Decimal class number. There is always an implied statement in any "classification" of some object. To classify an object as, for example, Dewey class number 514 (Topology) (i.e. books having the number 514 on their spine) the implied statement is: "<book><subject heading><514>. This is a subject-predicate-object triple, or more importantly, a class-attribute-value triple. The first two elements of the triple (class, attribute) are pieces of some structural metadata having a defined semantic. The third element is a value, preferably from some controlled vocabulary, some reference (master) data. The combination of the metadata and master data elements results in a statement which is a metacontent statement i.e. "metacontent = metadata + master data". All these elements can be thought of as "vocabulary". Both metadata and master data are vocabularies which can be assembled into metacontent statements. There are many sources of these vocabularies, both meta and master data: UML, EDIFACT, XSD, Dewey/UDC/LoC, SKOS, ISO-25964, Pantone, Linnaean Binomial Nomenclature etc. Using controlled vocabularies for the components of metacontent statements, whether for indexing or finding, is endorsed by ISO-25964: "If both the indexer and the searcher are guided to choose the same term for the same concept, then relevant documents will be retrieved." This is particularly relevant when considering the behemoth of the internet, Google. It simply indexes pages then matches text strings using its complex algorithm, there is no intelligence or "inferencing" occurring. Just the illusion thereof.
Hierarchical, linear and planar schemata.
Metadata schema can be hierarchical in nature where relationships exist between metadata elements and elements are nested so that parent-child relationships exist between the elements.
An example of a hierarchical metadata schema is the IEEE LOM schema where metadata elements may belong to a parent metadata element.
Metadata schema can also be one-dimensional, or linear, where each element is completely discrete from other elements and classified according to one dimension only.
An example of a linear metadata schema is Dublin Core schema which is one dimensional.
Metadata schema are often two dimensional, or planar, where each element is completely discrete from other elements but classified according to two orthogonal dimensions.
Metadata hypermapping.
In all cases where the metadata schemata exceed the planar depiction, some type of hypermapping is required to enable display and view of metadata according to chosen aspect and to serve special views. Hypermapping frequently applies to layering of geographical and geological information overlays.
Granularity.
The degree to which the data or metadata are structured is referred to as their granularity. Metadata with a high granularity allow for deeper structured information and enable greater levels of technical manipulation however, a lower level of granularity means that metadata can be created for considerably lower costs but will not provide as detailed information. The major impact of granularity is not only on creation and capture, but moreover on maintenance. As soon as the metadata structures get outdated, the access to the referred data will get outdated. Hence granularity shall take into account the effort to create as well as the effort to maintain.
Metadata standards.
International standards apply to metadata. Much work is being accomplished in the national and international standards communities, especially ANSI (American National Standards Institute) and ISO (International Organization for Standardization) to reach consensus on standardizing metadata and registries.
The core standard is ISO/IEC 11179-1:2004 and subsequent standards (see ISO/IEC 11179). All yet published registrations according to this standard cover just the definition of metadata and do not serve the structuring of metadata storage or retrieval neither any administrative standardisation. It is important to note that this standard refers to metadata as the data about containers of the data and not to metadata (metacontent) as the data about the data contents. It should also be noted that this standard describes itself originally as a "data element" registry, describing disembodied data elements, and explicitly disavows the capability of containing complex structures. Thus the original term "data element" is more applicable than the later applied buzzword "metadata".
The Dublin Core metadata terms are a set of vocabulary terms which can be used to describe resources for the purposes of discovery. The original set of 15 classic metadata terms, known as the Dublin Core Metadata Element Set are endorsed in the following standards documents:
Although not a standard, Microformat (also mentioned in the section metadata on the internet below) is a web-based approach to semantic markup which seeks to re-use existing HTML/XHTML tags to convey metadata. Microformat follows XHTML and HTML standards but is not a standard in itself. One advocate of microformats, Tantek Çelik, characterized a problem with alternative approaches: 
Metadata usage.
Data virtualization.
Data virtualization has emerged as the new software technology to complete the virtualization stack in the enterprise. Metadata are used in data virtualization servers which are enterprise infrastructure components, alongside database and application servers. Metadata in these servers are saved as persistent repository and describe business objects in various enterprise systems and applications. Structural metadata commonality is also important to support data virtualization.
Statistics and census services.
Standardization work has had a large impact on efforts to build metadata systems in the statistical community. Several metadata standards are described, and their importance to statistical agencies is discussed. Applications of the standards at the Census Bureau, Environmental Protection Agency, Bureau of Labor Statistics, Statistics Canada, and many others are described. Emphasis is on the impact a metadata registry can have in a statistical agency.
Library and information science.
Libraries employ metadata in library catalogues, most commonly as part of an Integrated Library Management System. Metadata are obtained by cataloguing resources such as books, periodicals, DVDs, web pages or digital images. These data are stored in the integrated library management system, ILMS, using the MARC metadata standard. The purpose is to direct patrons to the physical or electronic location of items or areas they seek as well as to provide a description of the item/s in question.
More recent and specialized instances of library metadata include the establishment of digital libraries including e-print repositories and digital image libraries. While often based on library principles, the focus on non-librarian use, especially in providing metadata, means they do not follow traditional or common cataloging approaches. Given the custom nature of included materials, metadata fields are often specially created e.g. taxonomic classification fields, location fields, keywords or copyright statement. Standard file information such as file size and format are usually automatically included.
Standardization for library operation has been a key topic in international standardization (ISO) for decades. Standards for metadata in digital libraries include Dublin Core, METS, MODS, DDI, ISO standard Digital Object Identifier (DOI), ISO standard Uniform Resource Name (URN), schema, Ecological Metadata Language, and OAI-PMH. Leading libraries in the world give hints on their metadata standards strategies.
Metadata and the law.
United States.
Problems involving metadata in litigation in the United States are becoming widespread. Courts have looked at various questions involving metadata, including the discoverability of metadata by parties. Although the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure have only specified rules about electronic documents, subsequent case law has elaborated on the requirement of parties to reveal metadata. In October 2009, the Arizona Supreme Court has ruled that metadata records are public record.
Document metadata have proven particularly important in legal environments in which litigation has requested metadata, which can include sensitive information detrimental to a party in court.
Using metadata removal tools to "clean" documents can mitigate the risks of unwittingly sending sensitive data. This process partially (see Data remanence) protects law firms from potentially damaging leaking of sensitive data through electronic discovery.
Metadata in healthcare.
Australian researches in medicine started a lot of metadata definition for applications in health care. That approach offers the first recognized attempt to adhere to international standards in medical sciences instead of defining a proprietary standard under the WHO umbrella first.
The medical community yet did not approve the need to follow metadata standards despite respective research.
Metadata and data warehousing.
Data warehouse (DW) is a repository of an organization's electronically stored data. Data warehouses are designed to manage and store the data whereas the business intelligence (BI) focuses on the usage of the data to facilitate reporting and analysis.
The purpose of a data warehouse is to house standardized, structured, consistent, integrated, correct, cleansed and timely data, extracted from various operational systems in an organization. The extracted data are integrated in the data warehouse environment in order to provide an enterprise wide perspective, one version of the truth. Data are structured in a way to specifically address the reporting and analytic requirements. The design of structural metadata commonality using a data modeling method such as entity relationship model diagramming is very important in any data warehouse development effort.
An essential component of a data warehouse/business intelligence system is the metadata and tools to manage and retrieve the metadata. Ralph Kimball describes metadata as the DNA of the data warehouse as metadata defines the elements of the data warehouse and how they work together.
Kimball et al. refers to three main categories of metadata: Technical metadata, business metadata and process metadata. Technical metadata are primarily definitional, while business metadata and process metadata are primarily descriptive. Keep in mind that the categories sometimes overlap.
Metadata on the Internet.
The HTML format used to define web pages allows for the inclusion of a variety of types of metadata, from basic descriptive text, dates and keywords to further advanced metadata schemes such as the Dublin Core, e-GMS, and AGLS standards. Pages can also be geotagged with coordinates. Metadata may be included in the page's header or in a separate file. Microformats allow metadata to be added to on-page data in a way that users do not see, but computers can readily access.
Interestingly, many search engines are cautious about using metadata in their ranking algorithms due to exploitation of metadata and the practice of search engine optimization, SEO, to improve rankings. See Meta element article for further discussion. Studies show that search engines respond to web pages with metadata implementations.
Metadata in the broadcast industry.
In broadcast industry, metadata are linked to audio and video Broadcast media to:
These metadata can be linked to the video media thanks to the video servers. All latest broadcasted sport events like FIFA World Cup or Olympic Games use these metadata to distribute their video content to TV stations through keywords. It's often the host broadcaster who is in charge of organizing metadata through its "International Broadcast Centre" and its video servers. Those metadata are recorded with the images and are entered by metadata operators ("loggers") who associate in live metadata available in "metadata grids" through software (such as Multicam(LSM) or IPDirector used during FIFA World Cup or Olympic Games).
Geospatial metadata.
Metadata that describe geographic objects (such as datasets, maps, features, or simply documents with a geospatial component) have a history dating back to at least 1994 (refer MIT Library page on FGDC Metadata). This class of metadata is described more fully on the Geospatial metadata page.
Ecological and environmental metadata.
Ecological and environmental metadata are intended to document the who, what, when, where, why, and how of data collection for a particular study. Metadata should be generated in a format commonly used by the most relevant science community, such as Darwin Core, Ecological Metadata Language, or Dublin Core. Metadata editing tools exist to facilitate metadata generation (e.g. Metavist, , Morpho). Metadata should describe provenance of the data (where they originated, as well as any transformations the data underwent) and how to give credit for (cite) the data products.
Digital music.
CDs such as recordings of music will carry a layer of metadata about the recordings such as dates, artist, genre, copyright owner, etc. The metadata, not normally displayed by CD players, can be accessed and displayed by specialized music playback and/or editing applications.
The metadata for compressed and uncompressed digital music is often encoded in the ID3 tag. Common editors such as TagLib support MP3, Ogg Vorbis, FLAC, MPC, Speex, WavPack TrueAudio, WAV, AIFF, MP4 and ASF file formats.
Cloud applications.
With the availability of Cloud applications, which include those to add metadata to content, metadata is increasingly available over the Internet.
Metadata administration and management.
Metadata storage.
Metadata can be stored either "internally", in the same file as the data, or "externally", in a separate file. Metadata that are embedded with content is called "embedded metadata". A data repository typically stores the metadata "detached" from the data. Both ways have advantages and disadvantages:
Moreover, there is the question of data format: storing metadata in a human-readable format such as XML can be useful because users can understand and edit it without specialized tools. On the other hand, these formats are not optimized for storage capacity; it may be useful to store metadata in a binary, non-human-readable format instead to speed up transfer and save memory.
Metadata management.
Metadata management is the end-to-end process and governance framework for creating, controlling, enhancing, attributing, defining and managing a metadata schema, model or other structured aggregation, either independently or within a repository and the associated supporting processes (often to enable the management of content). The world Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has identified Governance as a key challenge in the advancement of third generation Web Technologies (Web 3.0, Semantic Web), and a number of research prototypes, such as S3DB, explore the use of semantic modeling to identify practical solutions.
Database management.
Each relational database system has its own mechanisms for storing metadata. Examples of relational-database metadata include:
In database terminology, this set of metadata is referred to as the catalog. The SQL standard specifies a uniform means to access the catalog, called the information schema, but not all databases implement it, even if they implement other aspects of the SQL standard. For an example of database-specific metadata access methods, see Oracle metadata. Programmatic access to metadata is possible using APIs such as JDBC, or SchemaCrawler.

</doc>
<doc id="18933635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933635" title="Leguruki">
Leguruki

Leguruki is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 15,678.

</doc>
<doc id="18933636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933636" title="Muzur">
Muzur

Muzur is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933637" title="Shorbulag">
Shorbulag

Shorbulag is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18933641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933641" title="Harry Simms (labor leader)">
Harry Simms (labor leader)

Harry Simms (December 25, 1911 - February 11, 1932), born Harry Simms Hersh, was a Jewish American labor leader from Springfield, Massachusetts. He was sent by the National Miners Union to Harlan County, Kentucky during the Harlan County War to organize the mine workers there.
On February 10, 1932, Simms was shot near Brush Creek in Knox County by a sheriff's deputy who also worked as a mine guard for the local coal company. Simms died of his wound at Barbourville Hospital the next day. He was memorialized in a ballad, "The Death of Harry Simms" by Aunt Molly Jackson and Jim Garland, and his funeral service at the Bronx Coliseum attracted a crowd of some 20,000 people. The famous folksinger Pete Seeger popularized "The Death of Harry Simms" after learning it from Jim Garland at the Newport Folk Festival in the 1960s. Tao Rodriguez Seeger has performed a cover version of the song with the Allegro Youth Orchestra (available on YouTube).

</doc>
<doc id="18933642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933642" title="Airshift Media Ltd">
Airshift Media Ltd

Based in Helsinki Finland, founded in 2006 by industry professionals with roots from some of the world's largest radio system creations. As an industry first, expertise gained from sculpting major enterprise-level systems was made available to all small and medium size broadcasters.
The company went bankrupt on 18 November 2009. The development of radio automation products will be continued as an open source development project under the name Open OnAir.
Product Line.
Airshift Studio is a stand-alone radio automation and program production console, with a customizable inbuilt playlist, scheduler and content database. Studio features advanced search, categorizing, import and storing of all common content formats and playlists combined with RSS, Podcast and Unicode handling. Installation is claimed as under 1 minute and multiple platforms of Mac OS X, Windows XP and Linux are standard product lines.
Airshift Airtime is the CRM and traffic management hub that serves all station staff. Enables campaign import, creation, scheduling and follow-up, and management of associated customer and invoice data.
Airshift Gateway is a modular service platform that allows broadcasters to set up value-adding services such as now playing information on website, HD Radio tags, RDS, DAB or DVB services. The Gateway -product can also link social media services such as Twitter and Facebook with the radio production system.
Scholars Program.
In 2008 Airshift Media introduced the Scholars' Program for educational institutions. A noteworthy feature of the program offers any college or university that runs courses in radio training on a restricted budget, the opportunity to request license-free Airshift products for enhancing their faculty's training capacities.

</doc>
<doc id="18933643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933643" title="Goravena">
Goravena

Goravena is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.
This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933645" title="Kikwe">
Kikwe

Kikwe is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 9,826.

</doc>
<doc id="18933649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933649" title="Evoğlu, Tartar">
Evoğlu, Tartar

Evoğlu is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,957. 

</doc>
<doc id="18933655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933655" title="1998 Heineken Open – Singles">
1998 Heineken Open – Singles

Marcelo Ríos defeated Richard Fromberg 4-6, 6-4, 7-6 (7-3) to win the 1998 Heineken Open singles competition. Jonas Björkman was the champion but did not defend his title.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18933656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933656" title="Kimnyaki">
Kimnyaki

Kimnyaki is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 18,967.

</doc>
<doc id="18933659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933659" title="Pitomnik">
Pitomnik

Pitomnik is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18933660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933660" title="King'ori">
King'ori

King'ori is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 20,670.

</doc>
<doc id="18933665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933665" title="Şıxarx">
Şıxarx

Şıxarx is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18933669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933669" title="Soyulan">
Soyulan

Soyulan (also, Söylən) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 431. 

</doc>
<doc id="18933671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933671" title="Kiranyi">
Kiranyi

Kiranyi is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 38,838.

</doc>
<doc id="18933674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933674" title="Aganz">
Aganz

Aganz is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933680" title="Kisongo">
Kisongo

Kisongo is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 7,501. It is located in the outskirts of Arusha, about 7 km west of Arusha Airport.
There are numerous local churches, dispensaries and schools in Kisongo. Kisongo Academic College (KAC) is a co-educational institution that is divided into two branches: KAC Secondary School and KAC Department of Tourism and Conservation Training (DTC). Braeburn Arusha School is an international school that provides Early Years, primary and secondary education, following the British National Curriculum. The Saint Joseph Girls High School, Arusha Modern High School (owned by the Catholic Archdiocese) and St. Joseph University Arusha Campus are also located in Kisongo.
Notable businesses in Kisongo include: Msumbi Coffee, A to Z Textile Mills (a factory that manufactures plastics, garments, packaging supplies, bed nets, agricultural netting and mesh), Sundown Carnival (an entertainment venue offering a bar and restaurant, conference facilities and a wedding/functions hall) and Amani Afrika (a fully licensed local tour operator specialising in private Kilimanjaro climbs and bespoke East Africa safaris).
In January 2014, a 130-acres piece of land allocated to the East African Community (EAC) by the Government of the United Republic of Tanzania was inspected for future expansion. The EAC Secretariat intends to initiate grand development projects on the land that will include staff housing scheme, international school, health centre, recreational facilities, exhibition ground, and banking as well as a shopping mall.

</doc>
<doc id="18933681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933681" title="Armenavan">
Armenavan

Armenavan is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.
This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933685" title="Kövdadıq">
Kövdadıq

Kövdadıq (also Kevdadykh) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Rəcəbli.

</doc>
<doc id="18933687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933687" title="Aslanlar">
Aslanlar

Aslanlar is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933691" title="Makiba">
Makiba

Makiba is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 12,056.

</doc>
<doc id="18933694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933694" title="Maralyansarov">
Maralyansarov

Maralyansarov is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18933697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933697" title="Ashaga-Seidimly">
Ashaga-Seidimly

Ashaga-Seidimly is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933702" title="Məşədiqulular">
Məşədiqulular

Məşədiqulular (also, Meshadikulular) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Göyəbaxan.

</doc>
<doc id="18933703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933703" title="Maji ya Chai">
Maji ya Chai

The name in Swahili literally means 'tea water' as the river that flows through the village is the red brown clear color like tea water. This comes from the geological conditions of Mt. Meru which the village is situated on its foothills.

</doc>
<doc id="18933706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933706" title="Məsimlər">
Məsimlər

Məsimlər (also, Məsmallar and Mesmalar) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Böyük Qışlaq.

</doc>
<doc id="18933708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933708" title="Mollalar, Tovuz">
Mollalar, Tovuz

Mollalar is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Böyük Qışlaq.

</doc>
<doc id="18933709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933709" title="Maroroni">
Maroroni

Maroroni is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 12,001.

</doc>
<doc id="18933712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933712" title="Mateves">
Mateves


</doc>
<doc id="18933713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933713" title="Chukhurtala">
Chukhurtala

Chukhurtala is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933718" title="Farzali Kushchu">
Farzali Kushchu

Farzali Kushchu is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933722" title="Alakël Kyrykly">
Alakël Kyrykly

Alakël Kyrykly is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933724" title="Dondar-Azaply">
Dondar-Azaply

Dondar-Azaply is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933728" title="Namazlar">
Namazlar

Namazlar is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933730" title="Chyragly">
Chyragly

Chyragly is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933731" title="Mbuguni">
Mbuguni


</doc>
<doc id="18933733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933733" title="Akhmedlar">
Akhmedlar

Akhmedlar is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933736" title="Mansurlu, Azerbaijan">
Mansurlu, Azerbaijan

Mansurlu is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18933737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933737" title="Mlangarini">
Mlangarini

Mlangarini is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 11,703.

</doc>
<doc id="18933741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933741" title="Sandlyar">
Sandlyar

Sandlyar is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933742" title="Walnut Street Historic District (Springfield, Missouri)">
Walnut Street Historic District (Springfield, Missouri)

The Walnut Street Historic District in Springfield, Missouri contains more than 150 one and two story frame, brick, cast-stone, or stone dwellings in a thirteen block area. The district includes parts of East Walnut Street, East Elm Street and East McDaniel Street, Cordova Court, and South Hampton Avenue, South Florence Avenue and South National Avenue. Twenty-one buildings survive from before 1900, fifty-nine buildings date from between 1901 and 1910. 

</doc>
<doc id="18933745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933745" title="Dondarlı, Tovuz">
Dondarlı, Tovuz

Dondarlı (also, Dondarly) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Sarıtala.

</doc>
<doc id="18933746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933746" title="Moivo">
Moivo

Moivo is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 20,562.

</doc>
<doc id="18933749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933749" title="Eklizlyar">
Eklizlyar

Eklizlyar is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933750" title="Cross of Saint Euphrosyne">
Cross of Saint Euphrosyne

The Cross of Saint Euphrosyne was a revered relic of the Russian Orthodox Church and Belarus, which was made in 1161 by Lazar Bohsha for the order of Saint Euphrosyne of Polatsk and lost in June 1941 in Mahilyow.
Euphrosyne, mother superior of Polatsk Convent, ordered the cross to decorate the new Transfiguration church. The simple cypress cross was decorated with gold, gemstones and enamel, depicting Jesus Christ, John the Baptist, Theotokos, the Four Evangelists, archangels Gabriel and Michael, and three patron saints of Euphrosyne and her parents. The work cost 120 hryvnas. Inside, the cross contained pieces of the Holy Cross and other relics. 
In the 13th century, the cross was relocated to Smolensk; after a long travel across the country, it was returned to Polatsk in 1841. The cross was thoroughly photographed for the record in 1896. In 1928 the nationalized relic was taken to Minsk, then, in 1929, to Mahilyow, and was locked in a safe box of regional Communist Party headquarters.
Disappearance.
The cross disappeared during the swift occupation of Belarus by German forces (June-July 1941).
There are no reliable accounts of what happened to the cross in 1941. There are at least three different versions (other than destruction by fire or plunder):
In 1997, Nikolay Kuzmich, a craftsman from Brest, completed an officially endorsed replica of the cross, now on display in the Polatsk cathedral.
Modern symbolic usage.
The Cross of St. Euphrosyne is often used as a national symbol of Belarus. The 1991 version of the Belarusian coat of arms Pahonia features a cross resembling the Cross of St. Euphrosyne on the knight's shield.
The Cross is the subject of two postage stamps of Belarus, issued in 1992 and 2001, and a commemorative coin of Belarus issued in 2007.
The national-democratic opposition movement Malady Front has the cross as main element of its symbol.

</doc>
<doc id="18933751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933751" title="Walnut Street Historic District (Augusta, Missouri)">
Walnut Street Historic District (Augusta, Missouri)

The Walnut Street Historic District in Augusta, Missouri is located at the northern end of the town. The District includes residential and commercial buildings constructed from the mid-19th to mid-20th centuries. Although there have been some minor modifications, the District appears as it did when the town was founded, and many buildings are still owned by descendants of German settlers. 

</doc>
<doc id="18933753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933753" title="Saladınlı">
Saladınlı

Saladınlı (also, Saladynly) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 126. 

</doc>
<doc id="18933755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933755" title="Wiley-VCH">
Wiley-VCH

Wiley-VCH is a German publisher owned by John Wiley & Sons. It was founded in 1921 by two German "learned societies". Later, it was merged into the German Chemical Society (GDCh). It has been owned by John Wiley & Sons since 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18933756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933756" title="Moshono">
Moshono

Moshono is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 12,207.

</doc>
<doc id="18933758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933758" title="Mizakkular">
Mizakkular

Mizakkular is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933763" title="Murieti">
Murieti

Murieti is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 18,188.

</doc>
<doc id="18933768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933768" title="Vezirly">
Vezirly

Vezirly is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933774" title="Ağdam, Tovuz">
Ağdam, Tovuz

Ağdam is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,155.

</doc>
<doc id="18933776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933776" title="Yukhary Myulkyulyu">
Yukhary Myulkyulyu

Yukhary Myulkyulyu (also, Yukhary Myul’kyulyu) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933778" title="Alpout-Udzhar">
Alpout-Udzhar

Alpout-Udzhar is a village in the Ujar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18933780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933780" title="Kolkhoz Krasnyy Oktyabr">
Kolkhoz Krasnyy Oktyabr

Kolkhoz Krasnyy Oktyabr (also, Kolkhoz Krasnyy Oktyabr’) is a village in the Ujar Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933783" title="Bakhyarkiyatag">
Bakhyarkiyatag

Bakhyarkiyatag is a village in the Ujar Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18933788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933788" title="Ramal">
Ramal

Ramal is a village and municipality in the Ujar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 778.

</doc>
<doc id="18933790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933790" title="Laman, Khachmaz">
Laman, Khachmaz

Laman is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qaraçı.

</doc>
<doc id="18933798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933798" title="International Robotic Urology Symposium">
International Robotic Urology Symposium

Hosted by the Detroit-based Vattikuti Urology Institute, the International Robotic Urology Symposium (IRUS) is a semi-annual conference featuring the latest in robotic urological surgery presented through intensive courses and leading robotic surgeons. The symposium attracts surgeons, nurses, operating room coordinators, hospital administrators, and residents from around the world. Prominent robotic surgeon Dr. Mani Menon is the event's symposium director. 2009 IRUS will be held at the Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas from January 12-January 14, 2009.
History.
The Vattikuti Urology Institute (VUI), at the Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit, Michigan played a prominent role in the development of robotic surgery as treatment for prostate cancer and, more recently, renal, stone disease, and adrenal surgery. The institute hosted the 2004 International Robotic Urology Symposium and the 2006 International Robotic Urology Symposium at the Ritz-Carlton in Dearborn, Michigan.
2009 IRUS.
Reflecting the expansion of the role of robotic surgery, 2009 IRUS will for the first time include a section for gynecologic and female urological surgery. Other session offerings include OR management for robotic surgery, economics for robotic programs, robotic pediatric urology, robotic kidney surgery, robotic bladder surgery, and robotic prostate surgery. Delegates can also observe 3 live surgeries and 3D surgical video sessions.
The growing prominence of the Vattikuti Urology Institute has allowed 2009 IRUS to host more than 50 faculty members including many of the world's prominent robotic surgeons and two former presidents of the American Urological Association. The event is sponsored by the Endourological Society, the Society of Urologic Oncology, and Intuitive Surgical. Intuitive Surgical, one of America's fastest growing companies, has featured the event on its homepage.
In consideration of the growing demand amongst surgeons for in-depth learning of techniques, 2009 IRUS also hosts two post conference events (Jan 15th-16th) at Intuitive Surgical in Sunnyvale, CA (live tissue experience) and Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit, MI (spectrum of urological surgery).

</doc>
<doc id="18933801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933801" title="Vasilyevka, Azerbaijan">
Vasilyevka, Azerbaijan

Vasilyevka is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18933813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933813" title="Naburlu">
Naburlu

Naburlu is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18933818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933818" title="Əzizli">
Əzizli

Əzizli (also, Azizli) is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Xaspoladoba.

</doc>
<doc id="18933820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933820" title="Manafoba">
Manafoba

Manafoba is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Ağaşirinoba.

</doc>
<doc id="18933823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933823" title="Kusarkyshlakh">
Kusarkyshlakh

Kusarkyshlakh is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18933825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933825" title="Obudzhlu">
Obudzhlu

Obudzhlu is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18933829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933829" title="Shumagir">
Shumagir

Shumagir is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18933831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933831" title="Ukuroba">
Ukuroba

Ukuroba (also, Uxuroba) is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Yalama.

</doc>
<doc id="18933834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933834" title="Ortaoba">
Ortaoba

Ortaoba is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Yalama.

</doc>
<doc id="18933837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933837" title="Sərkərlı">
Sərkərlı

Sərkərlı (also, Sərkarlı and Sərkəlı) is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Yergüc.

</doc>
<doc id="18933840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933840" title="Mahmudoba, Khachmaz">
Mahmudoba, Khachmaz

Mahmudoba is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18933842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933842" title="Musa (Tanzanian ward)">
Musa (Tanzanian ward)

Musa is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 10,763.

</doc>
<doc id="18933843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933843" title="Bayoba">
Bayoba

Bayoba is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Yergüc.

</doc>
<doc id="18933847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933847" title="Padar, Khachmaz">
Padar, Khachmaz

Padar is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Armudpadar.

</doc>
<doc id="18933851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933851" title="Mwandeti">
Mwandeti

Mwandeti is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 14,643.

</doc>
<doc id="18933854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933854" title="Üçgünqışlaq">
Üçgünqışlaq

Üçgünqışlaq is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Yergüc.

</doc>
<doc id="18933856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933856" title="Armudpadar">
Armudpadar

Armudpadar is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,838. The municipality consists of the villages of Armudpadar and Padar.

</doc>
<doc id="18933858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933858" title="Ağçay, Khachmaz">
Ağçay, Khachmaz

Ağçay is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 387. 

</doc>
<doc id="18933859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933859" title="Nduruma">
Nduruma

Nduruma is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 10,316.

</doc>
<doc id="18933864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933864" title="Alekseyevka, Khachmaz">
Alekseyevka, Khachmaz

Alekseyevka is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,373. 

</doc>
<doc id="18933865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933865" title="Ngarenanyuki">
Ngarenanyuki

Ngarenanyuki is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 16,988.

</doc>
<doc id="18933870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933870" title="Berkeley Carillon">
Berkeley Carillon

Sather Tower Carillon is a carillon at the University of California, Berkeley, USA.
Background.
It originated as a twelve bell chime, cast in 1915 by John Taylor & Co of Loughborough, England. The original bells were a gift of Jane K. Sather, who also gave the university the Sather Tower (in which the bells were housed), Sather Gate (named for her husband Peder Sather), and endowed chairs in History and Classics. The original bells were installed in 1917 and played for the first time on November 3, 1917. The delay between the founding and the installation of the bells was caused by World War I, as well as the US Customs Service in San Francisco. It was soon discovered that these twelve bells were insufficient to play many popular tunes, including the national anthem. During the following decades there were a number of discussions about enlarging the instrument, but nothing came of this need.
The Class of 1928 Carillon.
In 1978, the Class of 1928 decided, as a fiftieth anniversary gift to the university, to add some bells. They began a campaign among their members, hoping to raise around $45,000 for a few new bells. In several days they managed to raise over $150,000 and decided at that point to enlarge the chime to a full carillon of forty-eight bells. Bids were sought, and the Fonderie Paccard of Annecy, France, was awarded the contract. The new Class of 1928 Carillon, which incorporated the original twelve bells, was installed and inaugurated in 1979. An article about the new instrument in the "Bulletin of The Guild of Carillonneurs in North America" ended by suggesting that perhaps another class might at some future date consider adding additional bells and making this concert carillon into a grand carillon.
In 1983, Jerry Chambers, a wealthy member of the class of 1928, and his wife Evelyn (class of 1932 and honorary member of the class of 1928), along with the class of 1928, gave a handsome endowment for the carillon. These funds were used to enlarge the instrument to a fully chromatic, five-octave instrument beginning with low G, renovation of two floors of Sather Tower for two practice keyboards, a campanology collection, and a studio for the University Carillonist. In addition, the Chambers Carillon funds, which is the sole source of support for the carillon program at Berkeley, endowed a full-time position for the University Carillonist (one of only five full-time positions in North America), and a carillon festival to be held every five years honoring the Class of 1928, counting from that year.
As of 2008, the carillon program is one of the most active in the world. It offers an instructional program which attracts about thirty students each semester, a performance program of seventeen ten-minute recitals and one forty-five minute recital each week. There is additionally a professional staff of four artist performers, and a part-time maintenance person. The carillon program remains fully funded by the generous endowment of Jerry and Evelyn Chambers.

</doc>
<doc id="18933872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933872" title="Nkoanrua">
Nkoanrua

Nkoanrua is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 14,759.

</doc>
<doc id="18933879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933879" title="Nkoaranga">
Nkoaranga

Nkoaranga is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 13,338.

</doc>
<doc id="18933882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933882" title="24 cm Kanone M. 16">
24 cm Kanone M. 16

The 24 cm Kanone M. 16 was a super-heavy siege gun used by Austria-Hungary during World War I and by Nazi Germany during World War II. Only two were finished during World War I, but the other six were completed in the early twenties and served with the Czechoslovak Army until they were bought by the Germans after their Munich Agreement in 1938. During World War I one gun served on the Western Front and the other on the Italian Front. During World War II they saw action in the Battle of France, Operation Barbarossa and the Siege of Leningrad.
Development.
The Austro-Hungarian Army was very pleased with its large siege howitzers like the "42 cm Haubitze M. 14/16", but they were all short-ranged. The Army asked Škoda to design a gun able to destroy important targets deep in the enemy's rear in 1916. To save time and resources it was designed in concert with the "38 cm Belagerungshaubitze M 16" and used the same carriage and firing platform as the larger weapon. The gun used the forward trunnion mounts on the carriage while the howitzer used the rear ones. Some sources claim that the gun was adapted from Škoda's 1901 naval gun of the same calibre and length, but this is wrong because the "M. 16" gun weighed almost less than the older naval gun.
Description.
The 40-caliber barrel was constructed of twelve parts, notably the inner tube and various inner and outer jacket pieces. The hydro-pneumatic recoil system was mounted on the cradle above the gun. It used the same horizontal sliding block breech as the "38 cm Belagerungshaubitze M 16". The gun carriage rested on a base box or bedding platform which measured long, wide and high. The base box incorporated a turntable resting on a ball race capable of 360° traverse. At the rear of the turntable was a tilting crane used to move ammunition from the shell cart to the roller race and to help assemble the roller race and to remove the breech. The roller race was mounted directly behind the gun on four tilting arms. When the gun returned to the prescribed loading angle of 6° the roller race was raised so that it met the rear end of the breech, a shell was placed on roller race by the crane and it was hand-rammed with the shell sliding forward on the rollers. It was followed by a cartridge case containing the propellant. While the gun was being elevated to its firing angles between +10° and +41° 30' the roller race was lowered out of the recoil path of the gun. 
The gun was transported in four loads, the barrel, carriage and one for each half of the base box. Each load was carried by an eight-wheeled electric-powered trailer with the electricity provided by a Daimler "Artillery Generator truck (Artillerie-Generatorzugwagen)" M. 16, designed by Ferdinand Porsche. The 6-cylinder, gasoline engine powered two electric generators which fed electric motors in each wheel of the trailer and the rear wheels of the truck. Top speed was . The solid rubber tires could be removed and the trucks could tow their trailers on the rails. For longer distances they could be towed by ordinary locomotives. One additional truck towed the ammunition trailer, which carried twenty-eight rounds with their cartridge case as well as the loading crane.
It took eight to twenty hours in soft soil or gravel to excavate the large firing pit required to hold the halves of the base box. Six to eight hours were required to actually assemble the gun itself. Each half of the base box was maneuvered into position on rails that ran along each side of the pit and then it was jacked up off the wagon and the wagon was then removed. Each base box half was jacked down onto wheels that ran on the guide rails and then they were bolted together. The complete base box was pulled over the pit, the wheels removed and it was jacked down into the pit. Three rails were placed on top of the base box to guide the carriage wagon into position and the carriage was jacked up while the wagon was removed and it was then jacked down and bolted to the base box. The barrel wagon was guided into place using the same rails and two block and tackles were attached to the barrel clamp. The crew pulled on the ropes and slid the barrel into the cradle. The last steps were to connect the recoil brakes' pistons to the barrel, fill and test the recoil brake and recuperator, and install the roller race. Disassembly took around six hours.
History.
It appears that only two guns were delivered during the war, although a total of nine guns and two spare barrels had been ordered. In the Spring of 1918 they equipped the "Third" and "Fourth Companies", each with one gun, of the "1st Heavy Artillery Regiment". Photographic evidence shows one gun near Dornbirn, Austria on the Italian Front and the other was near Reifenberg, Germany.
Only four more guns were under construction when the war ended. Škoda completed all of these by the end of 1921 as the new Czechoslovak Army decided to buy them. When the Czechs mobilized during the Munich Crisis, the guns formed the "Fifth" and "Sixth Batteries" of the "Third Battalion" of "Artillery Regiment 301", each battery with 2 guns, the two remaining guns being held in reserve. Nazi Germany bought all six of these weapons, the spare barrel and all their electric trucks, after the Munich Agreement in January 1939 for a price of over 55 million crowns.
The "M. 16" was known as the "schwere 24 cm Kanone(t)" in German service. They did not participate in the Invasion of Poland, but were assigned only to the "Second Battalion" of "Artillery Regiment 84", where they formed three two-gun batteries. The battalion fought on the Somme during the Battle of France. A second reserve barrel was ordered on 31 July 1940 for delivery on 28 February 1942. For the rest of 1940 and until May 1941 the battalion was emplaced on Cap-Gris-Nez in the Pas de Calais to interdict British coastal convoys in the English Channel and to protect German ones. During Operation Barbarossa the battalion was assigned to Army Group North and fought in the Siege of Leningrad, between January and June 1942, part-way through the siege, all six guns had to returned to Škoda for repair and retubing. This was delayed when barrel Nr. 8 ruptured on 10 December 1942 and a number of roughly-machined barrel ingots in storage since 1918 proved to substandard. The first two guns to be refitted were shipped to the battalion on 18 July 1943, but the rest were further delayed. The next pair of guns were shipped to the front on 11 January 1945. The battalion remained with Army Group North for the rest of the war until its surrender in the Courland Pocket at the end of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="18933883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933883" title="Nkoarisambu">
Nkoarisambu


</doc>
<doc id="18933888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933888" title="Oldonyosambu">
Oldonyosambu


</doc>
<doc id="18933890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933890" title="David Ward King">
David Ward King

David Ward King (October 27, 1857 – February 9, 1920), a farmer who lived near Maitland, Missouri, was the inventor of the King road drag. His invention, which was the horse-drawn forerunner of the modern road grader, had great influence on American life because his invention improved the widespread dirt roads of his day to the extent that they could accommodate the advent of the automobile, rural mail delivery and mail order catalogues.
Family and early life.
David Ward King was often referred to then and now as "the Missouri farmer", which he was. However, he was born, reared and educated in Springfield, Ohio, and came from a very prominent and wealthy family of that city.
David Ward King was the grandson of his namesake, Springfield merchant and real estate developer David King. His paternal grandfather, David King, was probably born in Baltimore, Maryland in 1796. His paternal grandmother, Almena Caldwell King, was born in Hillsborough, New Hampshire on August 16, 1809. However, she moved with her parents when she was young to early Portsmouth, Ohio, which is in southernmost Ohio at the confluence of the Scioto River and the Ohio River, where her father established a successful carpentry business. Both of Ward's paternal grandparents had been orphans. Ward's grandfather, David King, was found as a toddler wandering the streets of Baltimore during a yellow fever epidemic in which both his parents presumably died. David knew only his own name and could tell nothing about his parents. He was found in a Baltimore hotel and taken in by a Robert Quigley who had a farm near Shippensburg, Pennsylvania and who had "wagoned" to Baltimore for supplies. While Robert Quigley did rear and educate David King on his Cumberland County, Pennsylvania farm, he did not adopt him, which is why David's last name stayed King. The Quigleys were devout members of the nearby Middle Spring Presbyterian Church. David King grew up, regularly attending that church, which began a strong tradition of religious correctness in the King family that beyond question made its way down to Ward.
Upon attaining adulthood, Ward's grandfather David King obtained an apprenticeship as a store clerk in Portsmouth, Ohio, where he met Ward's grandmother, then-teenage Almena Caldwell. However, her older brother and father fell from a small boat and drowned in the nearby Scioto River. Soon thereafter, Almena's mother died of grief. Her Uncle Hannibal Gilman Hamlin (first cousin to Lincoln's first Vice President, Hannibal Hamlin) became the guardian of her and her brother, Hamlin Caldwell, moved them to Cincinnati and saw to their education. David King married her there when she was seventeen.
After their marriage, David and Almena soon moved to Tarlton, Ohio, where David put his store clerking experience to good use by opening a general store. Tarlton was on Zane's Trace, which at the time started at the Ohio River across from Wheeling, West Virginia, and passed through Zanesville, Lancaster, the intermittent state capital of Chillicothe and ended at the Ohio River in their previous home town of Portsmouth. The store prospered and David starting investing in real estate, which built their wealth substantially over their years in Tarlton.
All did not go well for David and Almena, however. As David often did, he took his wagon "across the mountains" to Baltimore to get supplies for his store—a trip that would take him a month every time he did it. While he was away for his trip in the late summer of 1831, he left Almena in Tarlton with their infant children, as he always had until then. Tragically, their three young sons, Alexander Caldwell King, born September 5, 1827, James Hamlin King, born July 3, 1829 and John Quigley King, born July 24, 1831 all died of smallpox within weeks of each other on August 27, August 28 and September 20, 1831. Almena had to deal with this catastrophe alone.
Ward's father, Robert Quigley King, who was born on August 13, 1832 in Tarlton, was their first child to survive. Understandably, Almena insisted on going along with David on his supply trips after that, carrying with her the infant Robert Quigley King as a babe in arms. Their next child was Samuel Noble King, who was born in Tarlton on October 22, 1834. He went all his life by his middle name of "Noble". The Kings named him after their country neighbor, Samuel Noble, who had come from Emmitsburg, Maryland to become one of the first settlers of Tarlton and who had a large farm just south of Tarlton. Mary Elizabeth King, was born to David and Almena in Tarlton on April 1, 1837, and David King, Jr., later to become a Civil War colonel, was born in Tarlton on September 11, 1839.
As time passed, Tarlton began to lose some of its importance. The state capital was moved from nearby Chillicothe (its last location outside Columbus) to Columbus, Ohio in 1816, and the National Road (present U.S. Route 40 or more roughly Interstate 70) went through the center of Ohio. This road started at Baltimore and eventually wound its way across the entire country to end up in San Francisco, California. So, the focus of commerce in Ohio shifted from the communities along Zane's Trace to the center of the state. Among the cities the National Road crossed was Springfield, Ohio, where it arrived in 1836 and stopped for ten years while lawmakers argued about where it would go from there. Located at that terminus, Springfield especially boomed during those ten years.
Several of Robert Quigley's grandchildren, the Rodgers families, had moved to Springfield. David's childhood companions were Robert Quigley's Rodgers grandchildren instead of Robert's children. Robert Quigley probably took in David King out of "empty nest syndrome", since his own children were grown and likely out on their own at the time he found David. According to the Quigley Family History, Robert Quigley's second daughter Jennet "Jane" Quigley married James Rodgers, her Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, neighbor, and continued to live near the Robert Quigley farm. So, it was Robert Quigley's grandchildren, Richard Rodgers, Mary Rodgers, Rachel Rodgers, Dr. Robert Rogers and William Rodgers who lived close to the Quigley farm during David's childhood. They would have been the children with whom David King grew up and with whom he would have been particularly close. Their daughter Mary Rodgers married a Cumberland County neighbor, Isaac Ward. Their daughter Rachel Rodgers never married. Their son, Dr. Robert Rodgers, married Effie Harrison, daughter of a Pennsylvania Militia brigadier general. Their son William Rodgers married the sister of Effie Sarah Harrison. All of these Quigley grandchildren, their spouses and families, apparently except Eleanor, moved to Springfield, Ohio in 1831 (source in footnote says 1833). Modern day Littleton & Rue Funeral Home now occupies the Rodgers mansion at 830 North Limestone Street, Springfield, Ohio.
Likely on their urging, David and Almena King moved to Springfield as well in 1840. David, a very astute businessman, who was already very well off, proceeded to build a significant portion of early downtown Springfield, which was known for long thereafter as "King's Row". Their daughter, Sarah Jane King, was born to them in Springfield on December 20, 1841. Their daughter Almena Caldwell King was also born there on February 1, 1848. Unfortunately, David King died on August 8, 1849 in a cholera epidemic, which he contracted while caring for other victims of the outbreak.
Almena Caldwell King died of diabetes on May 30, 1878, from which she had suffered greatly for a long time before it finally claimed her. Her son-in-law, famous Lutheran minister and later Wittenberg professor Luther Alexander Gotwald, happened to drop in while passing through Springfield on a train and was able to greatly comfort her during her last hours. The King Homestead stayed in the King family for a long time after Almena's death. However, eventually it was sold to Chi Omega Sorority of Wittenberg University and is today its sorority house.
After Almena's death, Rev. Gotwald wrote a loving biography of David and Almena in which he penned this moving tribute to his late father in law.
Of all the descendants of the first David King, his creative and industrious grandson, David Ward King undoubtedly did the most to live up to the spirit and the letter of Rev. Gotwald's heartfelt counsel.
David Ward King was born on October 27, 1857 in Springfield, Ohio. His father was real estate developer, investor and Springfield Fire Chief, Robert Quigley King. His mother was Harriet Danforth King. As mentioned, Robert Quigley King, was born in Tarlton, Ohio, and was the first child of Almena and David King to survive.
Robert Quigley King came to a largely undeveloped Springfield at age nine in 1840, with his sister, Mary Elizabeth, age three and his brother, David Jr. age one. He attended the early Springfield schools. He later recalled hunting for squirrels in a woods that later became the train station (now demolished) and what would be close to the location of the present Clark County Library. His father died when he was eighteen. Nonetheless, his mother was able to send him and, as they arrived at college age, his brothers to Wittenberg College. At one time, she had them all in college at the same time—and Almena could afford that. When Robert Quigley King first started at Wittenberg, it held classes in the lecture room of the First Lutheran Church. However, while he was a student, Wittenberg moved to what is now the western part of its present-day campus. He was in the first class to graduate from Wittenberg. The history of early Springfield mentions how much he liked to hunt, especially in the woods that later became today's Snyder Park, which would have been just down Buck Creek from his childhood home at the King Homestead.
Robert Q. King married Miss Harriet A. Danforth at New Albany, Indiana on January 15, 1857. To them were born five children: David Ward King on October 27, 1857; Dr. Thomas Danforth King, who was born on July 20, 1859 and who died December 23, 1889; Robert Leffler King, who was born on August 24, 1863; Almena Adaline King (Warrick), who was born on September 17, 1869; and Margaret "Madge" Caldwell King, who was born on February 13, 1873 and who died when she was fourteen years old on December 30, 1886. Ward's ill-fated brother, Dr. Thomas Danforth King, was a graduate of Princeton and a practicing physician in Springfield. He took his name from his direct ancestor, Thomas Danforth, who was Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts, a founder of Harvard College, a judge at the Salem witch trials and on whose estate the city of Framingham, Massachusetts is situated today. Framingham has a museum named after him. There was a Thomas Danforth in every generation after that, until Dr. Thomas Danforth King, who died before he married his fiancée and had children. He died a slow and painful death from cancer of the eye, in his parents' home with his fiancée at his side. His death left David Ward King and Robert Leffler King as the surviving sons of Robert Quigley and Harriet King. Ward's sister, Almena Adaline King, married industrialist Harvey Warrick in Springfield, Ohio. She died December 18, 1941 in Cleveland, and he died on April 21, 1942.
As Almena's oldest child, Robert Quigley King soon became involved in helping his mother manage the family's real estate holdings in Springfield. He had several retail businesses in Springfield, but his primary activity seems to have been real estate development. The family built the King Building on what was then Market Street and later became Fountain Street, just north of High Street. The King Building became the headquarters for the temperance movement in Springfield and also the location for Bumgardner Studio, where many of the photos of the people who lived in Springfield in the late 19th century were taken. He subdivided land on present-day North Wittenberg Avenue, just south of Wittenberg University, into the "Robert Quigley King Second Addition to the City of Springfield, Ohio." He built his own home at 642 North Wittenberg Avenue. He later moved to live in an apartment in the King Building, allowing his son Robert Leffler King to occupy it. Upon his death, he left the house to his daughter Almena King Warrick and her husband Harvey Warrick.
Robert Quigley King served as Fire Chief for Springfield from 1879 until 1891. His obituary and the History of the Springfield Fire Department both credit him with being Springfield's second Fire Chief. However, the Fire Department History goes on to point out that several others before him performed that function, but did not carry the title. In those days, Fire Chief was an elected position. It is mentioned both in his obituary and in King family tradition that during a fire at the "whip factory", he was on a roof that collapsed, dumping him into the midst of the flames. However, the other firemen immediately poured their hoses on him, saving his life. He was pulled from the fire, badly injured, but alive.
Maitland, Missouri farmer.
David Ward King often went by his middle name of "Ward", and he wrote it as "D. Ward King". His education was obtained in the Springfield, Ohio public schools and in Wittenberg College (now Wittenberg University) in Springfield. On December 29, 1880 he married Mary Willie (often spelled "Wylie") Burbank of Danville, Kentucky in Springfield. Mary was born in Danville, Kentucky on September 23, 1859. Mary was the daughter of Austin Milton and Lettitia (Reed) Burbank. He moved from Springfield, Ohio to this Maitland, Missouri farm as a recently married young man and began farming there. While living on that farm, he invented the King Road Drag (very famous in its day), which made country roads passable in wet weather and is still credited with making possible reliable rural mail delivery and the practicality of the automobile.
Probably as early as 1877 or 1878, his father, Robert Quigley King, obtained some near Maitland in Holt County, Missouri. Family stories hold that his father received this land as the only asset of value owned by a person who owed him a lot of money as the only available way to obtain payment of that debt. After obtaining this farm in that way, his father retained it, even though this acquired farm was in far-off Missouri. When his father had acquired this farm and decided to keep it, he had to do something with it. Ward was his answer. So, Robert Quigley sent his son Ward to this farm in the spring of 1879 to begin farming it. During that summer Ward helped to thresh grain. However, Ward and Mary apparently did not actually move there until January 1881.
There is reason to believe that Ward's move to this farm was not completely voluntary, since, for generations back, there had been no farmers in his family. Years later, Robert Quigley King acquired another large tract of what was this time raw farm land in much closer Hancock County, Ohio, near the small village of Vanlue. In 1887, he sent his other surviving son, Robert Leffler King (who also went by his middle name, "Leffler"), off to develop that land and farm it. Leffler arrived at this land without buildings in the "thick of winter". There is no doubt that Leffler did not want to leave the ease of the family wealth in Springfield for a hard farm life. However, family members who knew him say he could not stand up to his father. So, he went, erected a house and farm buildings and otherwise developed the farm, overcoming many obstacles. He met and married his wife, Lola Montez Askam King, in the Vanlue community and brought up his family on this farm, which he called "Grassland Farm". He describes his many hardships in his farm journal, which hardships were probably very similar to the ones Ward must have experienced in turning himself into a farmer on his Maitland farm.
Logic suggests that Ward's fate was destined to be much the same. However, in Ward's case, his invention enabled him to turn his fate to his immense advantage. Family members state that the fact that the travels associated with the promotion of his invention took him away from the farm a lot was not something city-bred Ward considered to be disagreeable. In fact, his son David Bryant King had pretty much taken over operation of the farm by the time he reached eighteen. Leffler, after many years on his Hancock County farm, was finally able to move back to Springfield to help his father manage the family's considerable real estate holdings during his father's declining years. Like his brother, his son Edwin Askam King pretty much took over the operation of Grassland Farm. Although separated by distance, the brothers always remained very close, and they constantly worked together on the family's real estate undertakings in Springfield. Ironically, in the remarkably parallel lives of these two Springfield-reared farmers, their children were more farm people than they were.
In what was the King family tradition, David Ward was an implacable warrior against alcoholic beverages and the saloons that sold them. Leffler King's wife, Lola Montez King, proudly mentioned in her autobiography that they attended a temperance convention during their honeymoon.
For his part, David Ward King organized the Prohibition Party in Missouri. He often spoke in district school houses on the topic. In Holt County, Mrs. King often went him on his crusades to ban the use of alcoholic drinks. Many were violently against prohibition and, as a result, against David Ward King as well. One time, at Eureka school house, someone went so far as to lodge a fence board between the spokes of the two rear wheels of the Kings' buggy so it would hit Ward in the head when he started out. As a result, he had to carefully inspect his buggy, before starting home after these temperance meetings. David Ward left the party later, because he felt prohibition alone was not enough for their platform, but he remained a staunch prohibitionist all his life.
The Kings were early members of the Maitland M.E., church and their two older children attended this church with them. The Kings and Lettie "Reed" King, their oldest daughter, became charter members of the First Presbyterian Church of Maitland. The Kings heavily involved themselves in civic and church affairs. He sat as one of the first trustees of Maitland's First Presbyterian Church and taught in the "Sabbath School".
David Ward King was a progressive farmer. He actively sought improved methods of farming. He constantly took measures to prevent washes and soil depletion on his land. He established some of the first bluegrass pastures in his township. He was a life member of the Holt County Farm Bureau.
In cooperation with Mr. J.R. Collision, Professor J.C. Crosen, Dr. Ira Williams and others, David Ward King was instrumental in bringing a Lyceum Course (a group of men who met for regular lectures and debates on topics of interest) to Maitland. He later became a life member of the Lyceum Association. The King home was often the headquarters for visiting clergy and for Lyceum entertainers.
Invention of the King Road Drag.
It was in 1896 that D. Ward King first dragged the road with an old frostbitten pump stock and an oak post. The improvement in the dirt roads it worked was dramatic. Until then, the only way to firm up dirt roads had been to dump layers of stone on them and then press it in with a heavy roller to make a road surface resistant to turning into muck after every rain. This method was fairly effective, but it was also labor intensive and expensive. These stone-permeated roads were called "macadamized roads". These roads took their name from their Scotch inventor, John Loudon McAdam. Using his method, roads were covered with several layers of stone, starting with large ones and then reducing their size in each successive layer. The stones in the first level would be about the size of a human head. The stones in the next layer would be about the size of a fist. The final layer would be of stones of about the size of golf balls. It was grueling work to haul this heavy stone to the places needed, to unload it in the right places and then to spread it evenly over the road surface with only horse-drawn wagons and hand-held shovels and rakes. Further, in the days before powered stone crushers, there was the additional and very arduous task of smashing much bigger rocks down to the right size for use in the respective layers. This work came to be known as "making the big ones into the small ones." Men did it by hand by smashing large rocks with sledgehammers. In many states, convicts did this work and sometimes even built these macadamized roads by working on the roads themselves. When these convict crews worked directly on these roads, necessarily outside the walls of the prison, each man was typically chained to the next to prevent runaways. These convict road crews became the infamous "chain gangs" of that day. In the days of horse power, this method was just too time-consuming and expensive to be practical for widespread use.
The advantage of the King Road Drag was that it firmed up dirt roads by leaving a crown in the middle, which caused rain water to just run off, keeping the road dry and firm. Its crowning virtue was that, unlike pressing stone into the mud road surface, it was very quick and very inexpensive. The method quickly caught on.
Draft horses, relieved of the need to drag farm wagons through mire, were able to haul a lot more farm produce to railroad sidings for transport by the railroad to distant markets. So, in 1903, Ward was employed by the Chicago and North Western Transportation Company to promote its "Good Roads Campaign." During 1904 and 1905 the railroad ran "Good Road" trains over their lines in Iowa. Ward rode these trains to instruct people along the lines on the construction and use of his invention. According to his promotional brochure, the railroad hauled him around in a "private car" and paid him a "handsome salary". His brochure, while not naming them, stated that "four important railroads" had done that. However, the enthusiasm of the railroad for improved roads quickly cooled when their ridership for short trips began to drop off dramatically. With improved local roads, people started travelling locally on their own bicycles (which were the craze of the day) and their own newly acquired automobiles. However, D. Ward King and his "Good Roads" program were already on their way, and the end of railroad support did little to stop it.
King Meetings.
The "King drag movement with a rush." D. Ward King did patent his invention. However, its design was so simple that King did not enforce his patent rights. However, he did make a good living by touring the country conducting and charging sponsoring organizations for "King Meetings" in which he explained to packed houses how to build and use his road drag. Wittenberg-educated Ward was, by all accounts, an eloquent speaker. His promotional brochure claimed that "An address on this subject is not, as you might suppose, dry and uninteresting. You will find that the novelty of the idea and its practical value will attract a larger attendance than a feature of mere entertainment."
Over time, Ward conducted Good Roads campaigns in forty-six of the then-existing forty-eight states – all except Nevada and New Hampshire. He conducted them in Canada as well, including the province of Nova Scotia, where the King road drag was found better than any other method to work sandy roads, clay roads and rock roads. One Canadian journalist was so impressed that he wrote and published this poem as his tribute to Ward.
David Ward King further widely publicized the process in a U.S. Department of Agriculture "Farmers' Bulletin" #321 in 1908 under the title "The use of the split-log drag on earth roads" He also wrote articles explaining his drag, including one that appeared in the May 7, 1910 issue of "The Saturday Evening Post" titled "Good Roads Without Money." In 1904, the road drag and photos of its works were on display in the Agricultural Building at the Louisiana Purchase Exposition in St. Louis, Missouri. Many of these photos were taken in Clay Township. In 1910, Iowa dragged from Council Bluffs to Davenport and back in three hours. This was highlighted by the "Glidden Trail" scouts and became the River-to-River Road. During this time, Ward worked with Harry Crider, the Maitland postmaster, to post all his ever-growing mail and purchase all his ever-increasing need for boxes of stamped envelopes from the Maitland post office. This increased business made the Maitland post office eligible for its first rural route.
Some Iowa farmers even had a song they sung in his praise, as they did their road dragging, which went:
Family.
Mrs. Mary Wylie King was active in women's organizations of the church. She worked for many years as an enthusiastic member of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. She was an active member of Eastern Star, being chaplain of that order for many years. She did not like staying home while Ward travelled, a fact which she mentioned repeatedly in her letters to him. Even so, she did serve as his "manager" under one spelling of her maiden name of "M.B. Wylie". She served as the practice audience for his speeches. She edited and typed his letters, often serving as his "emergency secretary". Some called her the "Mother of Good Roads." By all accounts, she was a very strong-willed woman, with a flair for the dramatic. Family members point to the photo she had taken of herself in "widow's weeds" as an example of her endearing way of dramatizing events—in that case, the recent death of her husband. She also never lost her staunch devotion to the cause of temperance, which the repeal of Prohibition did nothing to dampen. One family member reported that there was a time when she came upon another family member having a beer. After she finished telling him in no uncertain terms what she thought about that, the two of them remained thereafter permanently estranged. However, she and Ward, the great promoter of his world changing invention, were undoubtedly the perfect pair.
David Ward and Mary Wylie King had four children, who were all born in Maitland, Missouri. They were Lettie Reed King, who was born on December 29, 1881; Robert Quigley King, who was born on December 11, 1886; Miriam Danforth King, who was born on October 24, 1892; and David Bryant King, who was born on September 9, 1897.
Lettie Reed King went by her middle name of "Reed". She followed the King family tradition, which started with the original David King, of remaining a Presbyterian. In fact, she was a charter member of the Presbyterian Church of Maitland. She married Ralph Crider of Atchison, Kansas. After her father's death, she was the family member to whom all family members "took their problems." She also was a frequent source of information about her famous father.
Robert Quigley King II served in World War I. He became an osteopath, graduating from the Kirksville College of Osteopathic Medicine. He practiced in Maitland, Missouri and Cushing, Oklahoma. His first wife, Margaret Isabel Moore, died on October 8, 1916. He then married Esther Harrison of Madison, Missouri and had four children with her. He died June 5, 1931 in Rosedale Gardens, Michigan. His wife Esther died on June 29, 1951.
David Bryant King took over the Maitland farm when he was eighteen and operated it for the rest of his life. He was always active in community affairs and was a member of Protective Credit Association and the Holt County Farm Bureau. He married Gladys Elizabeth McHenry of St. Joseph, Missouri. They had three sons. David Bryant King died on May 29, 1944 in a Maryville, Missouri hospital. After the death of her husband, his widow Gladys inherited her husband's interests in the family's real estate holdings in Springfield, Ohio and brought a legal action that forced the sale of those interests. Gladys died January 5, 1955 in an automobile accident.
Miriam Danforth King married Ralph LeVerne Caywood, who was born in Maitland, Missouri on May 3, 1891. They had three children, who were all born in Maitland. She lived for many years in Coral Gables, Florida and did much to look after her mother in her mother's later years. Miriam died on March 28, 1957.
As was the case with Lettie Reed King, all of the Ward and Mary's children remained lifelong Presbyterians.
Affairs of David Ward King in Springfield, Ohio.
Ward's mother, Harriet Adaline Danforth King, died on July 13, 1906 in Springfield, Ohio after a lingering illness. Ward's father, Robert Quigley King, died suddenly on November 26, 1917 in his apartments in the King Building in Springfield. The Springfield newspaper reported his death with a lengthy front page article that featured a large photo of him.
David Ward King and his brother, Robert Leffler King, inherited interests in their father's real estate holdings. Robert Quigley King had long owned the King Building, and there was a lot between it and High Street at the corner of Fountain and High in the very heart of downtown Springfield. At the time of his death, their father had begun building a new, very modern for its time, office building. Robert Quigley King's will left Ward and Leffler the King Building and this lot, subject to a one-third income interest in the profits from these properties to their sister Almena King Warrick for the rest of her life. He also left them some bonds in trust, which he instructed them to cash in and use to fund the building. The brothers worked together to complete that building after their father's death. At the suggestion of Leffler's wife, Lola Montez King, the brothers named this building the "Arcue" building which was the word form of "RQ" or "Robert Quigley". Leffler then managed this building for Ward until Ward's death and for Ward's heirs after his death.
Robert Quigley King gave his daughter Almena Warrick and her husband Harvey the right to live in his house at 642 North Wittenberg Avenue for life. This house is today owned by Wittenberg University. It is next door to the Wittenberg President's residence and is used as the university's guest house. Robert Quigley King also left his office building at 16 South Limestone Street in Springfield to his daughter Almena King Warrick and her husband Harvey for life. This building was in the heart of downtown Springfield as well and became the subject of a hard-fought lawsuit between the King and Warrick heirs after Almena's death, when King faction of heirs wanted to mortgage the property to improve that building so as to lease it to Montgomery Ward and the Warrick faction did not. The faction that wanted to mortgage and improve the building eventually won the suit.
There is no provision in the will of Robert Quigley King that mentions his Missouri farm or Grassland Farm, which probably means that he had given them outright during his life to his sons Ward and Leffler respectively. However, at the time of his father's death, Leffler had moved back to Springfield, leaving his son, Edwin Askam King in charge of Grassland Farm.
Ward's brother, Robert Leffler King, died after a long bout with diabetes at the Columbus home of his daughter, Jessie King Cave, on October 19, 1935. After Leffler's death, his son, Hamlin Caldwell King, managed the Arcue Building until its eventual sale. Leffer's son, Edwin Askam King, owned and operated Grassland Farm for the rest of his life.
The King family sold the building in the late forties, forced in a legal action by Gladys Elizabeth McHenry King, widow of David Ward King son David Bryant King. Even so, the Arcue Building still stands and is actively occupied today. It is still called the "Arcue Building" – even if no one remembers why. Long after the King family sold it, the King Building burned on September 15, 1956 in a spectacular fire that the history of the Springfield Fire Department mentions as one of the largest fires in the history of the city. There is today a vacant lot behind the Arcue Building where the King Building used to stand.
Importance of the King Road Drag.
D. Ward King was widely admired in his day. Tributes came from everywhere. With the exception of the railroads, the better roads his invention brought about benefitted nearly everyone in a highly visible and totally obvious way. The "before and after" contrast was dramatic. In fact, the widespread use of the King Road Drag came along near the time Henry Ford started mass-producing automobiles. Solid roads meant people could use their clackety Model T automobiles, especially on the roads between cities. Solid rural roads also made possible reliable rural mail delivery, which did much to promote commerce in the United States between city based businesses and the rural population. For instance, it allowed Sears and Roebuck to start sending out its catalogues to small towns and farms and thereby vastly increase the size of its customer base.
As a sign of how much Maitland revered his memory, there was a "gigantic maple tree" that was "situated on the lawn in a commanding position", which came to be designated the "King Memorial Tree." Years later, the Maitland-Skidmore Road was constructed through the lawn of the King farm. Its builders made a "jog" in the road around it to "preserve it as a memorial to the pioneer who cherished it from its infancy". Seventy years after Ward's death, "state scientists" were struggling to keep it alive after a particularly bad drought year. A history of Maitland said that "There are few trees in the state so admired and known." The Maitland, Missouri article on Wikipedia mentions itself as the home of D. Ward King.
Technology has long since left the horse-drawn King Road Drag far behind. The King Road Drag made possible the use of the motor vehicle and, ironically, the motor vehicle doomed the King Road Drag, at least in its horse-drawn form. The motor-powered road grader quickly rendered its horse-drawn predecessor obsolete. However, without the road improvements brought about by the King Road Drag in its day and the subsequent advent of the automobile, American life would be different today in ways that cannot be easily imagined. For instance, how many people living today never would have been born, if bad roads and poor transportation had prevented so much as one set of their ancestors from meeting or even meeting later than they did? With that thought in mind, how many people living in America and elsewhere unsuspectingly owe their very existence to David Ward King and his King Road Drag?

</doc>
<doc id="18933891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933891" title="Müzəffəroba">
Müzəffəroba

Müzəffəroba (also, Müzəffər) is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Müşkür.

</doc>
<doc id="18933896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933896" title="Marcus Samuel, 3rd Viscount Bearsted">
Marcus Samuel, 3rd Viscount Bearsted

Major Marcus Richard Samuel, 3rd Viscount Bearsted TD DL (1 June 1909 – 15 October 1986) was a British peer and a director of numerous companies, including Lloyds Bank.
Education and Army career.
Samuel was the son of Dorothy Montefiore (Micholls) and Walter Samuel, 2nd Viscount Bearsted. He was educated at Eton College before going up to New College, Oxford. He served in the Second World War with the Warwickshire Yeomanry eventually gaining the rank of Major before he was wounded in 1944. He received the Territorial Decoration (TD) in 1945 and succeeded to his father's titles in 1948. Lord Bearsted was appointed Deputy Lieutenant (DL) for Warwickshire in 1950.
Later career.
Lord Bearsted held several directorships including of Sun Alliance, Lloyds Bank and Hill Samuel Group.
Personal life.
Samuel married Elizabeth Heather Firmston-Williams on 15 January 1947 with his wife becoming Viscountess Bearsted in 1948. The couple had two children before divorcing in 1966:
Lord Bearsted's second marriage was to Jean Agnew Wallace on 24 January 1968 who predeceased him on 31 October 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18933897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933897" title="Oljoro">
Oljoro

Oljoro is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 4,912.

</doc>
<doc id="18933901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933901" title="Aronovka">
Aronovka

Aronovka is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18933903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933903" title="Olkokola">
Olkokola

Olkokola is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 19,792.

</doc>
<doc id="18933905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933905" title="Aleksandrovka, Khachmaz">
Aleksandrovka, Khachmaz

Aleksandrovka is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18933908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933908" title="James H. Garrard">
James H. Garrard

James Henry Garrard (October 23, 1810 – August 12, 1865) was a Kentucky politician. Garrard, the grandson of Kentucky's second Governor, James Garrard, represented Clay, Letcher, and Perry Counties in the Kentucky Constitutional Convention. Garrard served as Kentucky State Treasurer from 1857 until his death in 1865.
Personal life.
Garrard was married to Letitia J. Garrard, and had a daughter, Lucy Garrard Stell.
In 1859, Garrard purchased the Crittenden-Garrard House on Wilkinson Street in Frankfort, Kentucky with his wife wife Letitia. He died in 1865.
Military service.
Garrard served as a General for the Union Army in the American Civil War.
Career.
He was elected to the state legislature in 1836. In 1849, Garrard represented Clay, Letcher, and Perry Counties in the Kentucky Constitutional Convention.
In 1857, James H. Garrard was elected State Treasurer for the first time by a majority of more than 12,000 votes over Thomas L. Jones. He was subsequently re-elected and served three more two-year terms during the Civil War. In August 1865, he was re-elected for a fifth term but died just 12 days later before beginning the term.

</doc>
<doc id="18933910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933910" title="Gödəkli">
Gödəkli

Gödəkli is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,053. 

</doc>
<doc id="18933912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933912" title="Oltroto">
Oltroto

Oltroto is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 13,079.

</doc>
<doc id="18933915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933915" title="Əbilyataq">
Əbilyataq

Əbilyataq is a village on the Caspian Sea and a municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 563. 

</doc>
<doc id="18933916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933916" title="Plott Balsams">
Plott Balsams

The Plott Balsams are a mountain range in western North Carolina, in the southeastern United States. They are part of the Blue Ridge Mountain Province of the Southern Appalachian Mountains. The Plott Balsams stretch from the city of Sylva in the Tuckasegee River valley to the southwest to Maggie Valley in the northeast. The Great Smoky Mountains border the Plott Balsams to the north and the Great Balsam Mountains border the range to the south. The range comprises parts of Jackson County and Haywood County. 
Waterrock Knob, which has an elevation of , is the highest summit in the Plott Balsam Range. Four other summits in the range rise above 6,000 feet, namely Mount Lyn Lowry, Browning Knob, Plott Balsam Mountain, and Yellow Face. Other notable summits include the Pinnacle, which overlooks the Sylva area to the south, Blackrock Mountain (near Yellow Face), and Campbell Lick, which overlooks Maggie Valley. 
The Blue Ridge Parkway traverses the slopes of the highest mountains in the Plott Balsam Range, connecting Soco Gap and Balsam Gap. A short road connects the parkway to an overlook and a National Park Service visitor contact station and bookstore near the summit of Waterrock Knob. The Nantahala National Forest protects much of the south side of the Plott Balsam Range. The Qualla Boundary, which is the reservation for the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, includes parts of the range's northwest section along Soco Creek. The city of Sylva maintains a municipal park along Fisher Creek in the southeast section of the range. A memorial dedicated to leukemia victim Lyn Lowry, who died in 1965, is situated atop Lowry's namesake mountain. The memorial includes a cross that is lit up at night, making it visible for miles from the surrounding towns. A stand of Southern Appalachian spruce-fir forest coats the range's upper elevations. 
The Plott Balsams are named for the Plott family, whose ancestor, Johannes Plott (c. 1733-1815), immigrated to North Carolina in the late 18th-century from Germany. The Plott Hound, a breed of hunting dog, is also named for the Plotts.

</doc>
<doc id="18933918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933918" title="Şərifoba">
Şərifoba

Şərifoba (also, Shərifoba) is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Uzunoba.

</doc>
<doc id="18933920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933920" title="Krasnı Xutor">
Krasnı Xutor

Krasnı Xutor (also, Krasnyy Khutor) is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Yataqoba.

</doc>
<doc id="18933923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933923" title="Mecidoba">
Mecidoba

Mecidoba (also, Məçitoba and Medzhidoba) is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Yataqoba.

</doc>
<doc id="18933924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933924" title="Oltrumet">
Oltrumet

Oltrumet is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 7,052.

</doc>
<doc id="18933931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933931" title="Uzunoba, Khachmaz">
Uzunoba, Khachmaz

Uzunoba is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,260. The municipality consists of the villages of Uzunoba, Baraxum, Xəzərli, and Şərifoba.

</doc>
<doc id="18933933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933933" title="Poli (Tanzanian ward)">
Poli (Tanzanian ward)

Poli is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 8,659.

</doc>
<doc id="18933937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933937" title="Yataqoba">
Yataqoba

Yataqoba (also, Yatagoba) is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,045. The municipality consists of the villages of Yataqoba, Krasnı Xutor, and Mecidoba.

</doc>
<doc id="18933942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933942" title="Singisi">
Singisi

Singisi is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 8,665.

</doc>
<doc id="18933945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933945" title="Ağaverdioba">
Ağaverdioba

Ağaverdioba is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 549. 

</doc>
<doc id="18933947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933947" title="Paul Johnson (American politician)">
Paul Johnson (American politician)

Paul Johnson (born July 6, 1959) is an American Democratic politician and the former mayor of Phoenix, Arizona.
Johnson was first elected to the Phoenix city council in 1985 at the age of 25. During his second term in 1990, Johnson was selected by the council to fill the vacancy left by outgoing mayor Terry Goddard, who had resigned his office in order to run for governor. Johnson would go on to run for mayor in his own right in 1993. Running unopposed, he was elected with 99.7% of the vote.
After serving one year and three months of his own term as mayor, Johnson announced his resignation and intent to run for governor just as his predecessor had done. Johnson in fact ran against Goddard in the Democratic primary, but both lost the race to supermarket magnate Eddie Basha. Johnson again sought the governorship in 1998, running unopposed in the primary but losing to Republican incumbent Jane Dee Hull by a 25% margin in the general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18933948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933948" title="Sabiroba">
Sabiroba

Sabiroba is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Mürşüdoba.

</doc>
<doc id="18933949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933949" title="Sokoni II">
Sokoni II

Sokoni II is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 23,369.

</doc>
<doc id="18933953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933953" title="İdrisoba">
İdrisoba

İdrisoba is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 716. The municipality consists of the villages of İdrisoba and Fərzəlioba.

</doc>
<doc id="18933955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933955" title="Bowie High School (Maryland)">
Bowie High School (Maryland)

Bowie High School is a public high school in Bowie, Maryland. It is part of Prince George's County Public Schools.
History.
Bowie High School was built in 1965.
It shares the same layout as Laurel High School, in neighboring Laurel, Maryland.
Academics.
Bowie High School has the second highest student SAT average in Prince George's County, and is rated second on The Washington Post's Advanced Placement Challenge Index. Bowie High School is also affiliated with FIRST Robotics, having competed 4 years. Bowie High is also among the top 5 percent of U.S. high schools for AP participation.
Drinking and drunk driving.
Bowie High School has historically had a high rate of drinking and gained national attention. In 1986, the school initiated programs to curb drunk driving after 15 students were killed in 1979 and 1980. In 1986 another three were killed in a drunk driving accident on the Capital Beltway.

</doc>
<doc id="18933956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933956" title="Songoro">
Songoro

Songoro is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 9,987.

</doc>
<doc id="18933958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933958" title="Fərzəlioba">
Fərzəlioba

Fərzəlioba is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of İdrisoba.

</doc>
<doc id="18933961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933961" title="Meşəli, Khachmaz">
Meşəli, Khachmaz

Meşəli is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Nabran.

</doc>
<doc id="18933970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933970" title="William Dollar">
William Dollar

William Dollar (April 20, 1907 – February 28, 1986) was an American ballet dancer born in St. Louis and reared in East St. Louis, Illinois. His parents, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Dollar, operated a grocery store and meat market in East St. Louis.
William studied with George Balanchine, Michel Fokine, and Pierre Vladimirov. He also trained under Mikhail Mordkin of the Ballets Russes and performed in "Chopin Concerto" with the Metropolitan Opera Company. He was a leading dancer with the American Ballet, Ballet Caravan and the American Ballet Caravan companies that preceded and led to the establishment of the New York City Ballet in 1948. His creations with those companies included roles in Balanchine's versions of "Le Baiser de la Fee", "The Card Party" and "Transcendence", which Balanchine choreographed especially for him.
His first ballet, "Classic Ballet", was choreographed with Balanchine. Dollar restaged this work in 1944 as "Constantia" for Ballet International. He choreographed many other ballets, of which his best known is "The Duel", originally staged in 1949 as "Le Combat" for Roland Petit's Ballets de Paris. Dollar also created the ballet for the Ford Motor Company pavilion at the New York World's Fair of 1939 at Flushing Meadows.
He worked with ballet companies in Brazil, Japan and Monte Carlo, and founded a national ballet company in Iran. Dollar was one of the country's top performers in terpsichorean art and made five appearances at the Municipal Opera in St. Louis. and choreographer 

</doc>
<doc id="18933973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933973" title="Yalama">
Yalama

Yalama is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 4,762. The municipality consists of the villages of Yalama, Düztahiroba, Səlimoba, Ortaoba, Ukuroba, Yaquboba, Zeyxuroba, and Zuxuloba.

</doc>
<doc id="18933994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933994" title="Tel, Azerbaijan">
Tel, Azerbaijan

Tel- is a village(municipality at Khachmaz Region) situated in the northern-eastern part of Azerbaijan Republic.situated near the Nabran village. The nature of the village is consist of deep forest and steps rich with natural springs. Mainly popular as touristic region. near the village there is "Tel Bulaghi"(Spring Tel) tourism center mainly active in summer. Population is more than 700. Main activity is agriculture, farming and a little bit tourism services. Nationality-Azerbaijanis, Lezgins, Tats.
http://foto.nabran.ru/photo/sosednie_seli_nabrani/tel/17

</doc>
<doc id="18933996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933996" title="Venous stasis">
Venous stasis

Venous stasis, or venostasis, is a condition of slow blood flow in the veins, usually of the legs. Venous stasis is a risk factor for forming blood clots in veins (venous thrombosis), as with the deep veins of the legs (deep vein thrombosis or DVT). Causes of venous stasis include long periods of immobility that can be encountered from driving, flying, bed rest/hospitalization, or having an orthopedic cast. To prevent venous stasis and DVT/PE, methods to increase circulation in the legs include walking, calf exercises, and intermittent pneumatic compression, when possible. 

</doc>
<doc id="18934007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934007" title="Kasymkend, Khachmaz">
Kasymkend, Khachmaz

Kasymkend is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934015" title="Optical format">
Optical format

Optical format is a hypothetical measurement approximately 50% larger than the true diagonal size of a solid state photo sensor . The use of the optical format means that a lens used with a particular size sensor will have approximately the same angle of view as if it were to be used with an equivalent sized camera tube where the actual sensitive target is smaller than the overall size.
The optical format is approximately the diagonal length of the sensor multiplied by 3/2 The result is expressed in inches and is usually (but not always) rounded to a convenient fraction. For instance, a 6.4x4.8 mm sensor has a diagonal of 8.0 mm and therefore an optical format of 8.0*3/2 = 12 mm, which is expressed to the convenient imperial fraction of 1/2 inch. The reason why it is expressed in inches is historical: a standard four thirds inch image sensor has an image area with a diagonal measurement of approximately . Therefore a 1 inch sensor has approximately a 16 mm diagonal, a 1/2 inch sensor has approximately an 8 mm diagonal, etc.
For larger systems the size is usually given as the true rectangular dimensions of the imaging sensor in millimeters, such as 36 x 24 mm in the case of 35 mm film sized sensors.
Many image device sheets don't list the actual optical format, but do list the size of their pixels in terms of micrometers, a more helpful equation is to convert the pixel size, and array size, directly to optical format. The equation for this is:
with:

</doc>
<doc id="18934017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934017" title="Qasımkənd">
Qasımkənd

Qasımkənd or Kasymkend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18934018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934018" title="Sailing at the Summer Paralympics">
Sailing at the Summer Paralympics

Sailing has been an official part of the Summer Paralympic Games since 2000, after being a demonstration sport in 1996. The International Association for Disabled Sailing is responsible for coordinating the event with the International Paralympic Committee and the hosts.
Statistics.
This table is based upon the names of the sailors who are documented in the Official Olympic Reports although 1996 is not included in the overal totals at it was a demonstration event.
The table is currently being built.

</doc>
<doc id="18934024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934024" title="Şimal">
Şimal

Şimal is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Nabran.

</doc>
<doc id="18934029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934029" title="Turist">
Turist

Turist is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Nabran.
Home Page Nabran.
Nabran Resort zone

</doc>
<doc id="18934030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934030" title="Miss Universo Italia 2003">
Miss Universo Italia 2003

The Miss Universo Italia 2003 pageant was held on January 31, 2003. The chosen winner represented Italy at the Miss Universe 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18934032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934032" title="Afatlu">
Afatlu

Afatlu is a village in Khankendi, Azerbaijan.
This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18934045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934045" title="MODCA">
MODCA

MO:DCA
(Mixed Object:Document Content Architecture) is an IBM compound document format for text and graphics elements in a document. The 'Mixed Object' moniker refers to the fact that a MO:DCA file can contain multiple types of objects, including text, images, vector graphics, and even objects marked as 'barcodes'. An application can simply include a string of digits along with controls that identify a specific type of barcode, and the rendering of bars will be done on the output platform (physical printer hardware or software emulation). It supports Revisable Documents, which are editable like revisable-form DCA, Presentation Documents, which provide specific output formatting similar to DCA final-form, and Resource Documents, which hold control information such as fonts. A MO:DCA file consists of a sequential, ordered hierarchy of independent objects - documents, pages, data objects, and resource objects such as fonts and ICC profiles. Each object is delimited by begin/end structures, and objects to be rendered specify presentation parameters and resource requirements in structures called "environment groups". Since the pages in MO:DCA documents appear in sequential order, presentation can start as soon as the first page is received.
Formats for specific objects are specified in OCAs (Object Content Architectures): PTOCA for Presentation and Text that has been formatted for output, GOCA for vector Graphics objects, IOCA for bitmapped Images and FOCA for Fonts. MO:DCA is implemented as IBM's AFP page description language. 
Considerations.
Encoding.
MO:DCA-P carries text, image, and graphics data objects, therefore the data is a mixture of binary data and character data. The recommended content-transfer-encoding is base64.
Security.
MO:DCA-P is a specification of final-form presentation data of an Image. It is not a programming language, does not contain any file operators, and therefore cannot corrupt a receiver's file system or programming environment. MO:DCA and Mixed Object Document Content Architecture are trademarks of the IBM Corporation.
Interoperability.
MO:DCA-P defines interchange sets to support interoperability. Currently defined sets are Interchange Set 1 (IS/1) and Interchange Set 2 (IS/2). 

</doc>
<doc id="18934053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934053" title="Jalalabad, Karachi">
Jalalabad, Karachi

Jalalabad () is a neighbourhood of North Nazimabad Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934060" title="New Hall, Woodford">
New Hall, Woodford

New Hall is a 17th-century cottage in Woodford, in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport, Greater Manchester, England (). Above the door, there is a Tudor-arched lintel with the date '1630' along with the initials 'WDED' (William and Elizabeth Davenport) and the family shield. The same Davenport family owned Bramall Hall in Bramhall, close by. The cottage, along with the adjoining farmhouse is a Grade II* listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="18934063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934063" title="Compatibility card">
Compatibility card

A compatibility card is an expansion card for computers that allows it to have hardware emulation with another device. The most popular of these were for Macintosh systems that allowed them to emulate Windows PCs via NuBus or PCI. Apple Computer made many of these cards (including a compatibility card for the Apple IIe. Later, Orange Micro made them, but by the end of the 1990s, greater application availability and the lack of expansion slots on the iMac made such cards obsolete. Besides PC compatibility cards, others existed, such as the 3DO Blaster for PCs.

</doc>
<doc id="18934072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934072" title="Lactarius blennius">
Lactarius blennius

Lactarius blennius (commonly known as the Slimy Milkcap or Beech Milkcap) is a medium-sized mushroom of the genus "Lactarius" found commonly in beech forests in Europe, where it is mycorrhizal, favouring the European Beech (though associations with other trees are known). It was first described by Elias Magnus Fries. Though its colour and size vary, it is distinctive because it is slimy when wet and exudes copious amounts of milk. It has been the subject of some chemical research, and it can be used to produce pigments and blennins. Blennins, some of which have shown potential medical application, are derived from lactarane, a chemical so named because of their association with "Lactarius". The edibility of "L. blennius" is uncertain, with different mycologists suggesting that it is edible (though not recommended), inedible or even poisonous.
Taxonomy and naming.
"Lactarius blennius" was first described by Swedish mycologist Elias Magnus Fries as "Agaricus blennius" in 1815, before being given its current binomial name by the same author in 1838. Within the genus "Lactarius", it is closely related to "Lactarius cinereus", another "Lactarius" species that also favours beech. It has been suggested that the two species (forming a group) could have a coevolutionary pathway with beech. The specific epithet is derived from a Latin adjective "blennius", meaning "slimy". "Lactarius" mushrooms are commonly known as milkcaps, and "L. blennius" is known as the Slimy Milkcap or the Beech Milkcap.
"Lactarius blennius" is synonymous with "Agaricus blennius" (the name under which Fries first described the species in 1815) and "Agaricus viridis", a name given earlier by Heinrich Schrader, in 1794. "Galorrheus blennius" (a name proposed in 1871 by Paul Kummer), "Lactarius viridis" (proposed in 1888 by Lucien Quélet) and "Lactifluus blennius" (proposed by Otto Kuntze in 1891) are also now recognised as synonyms. "Lactarius albidopallens" was originally described as a form of "L. blennius" as "Lactarius blennius" f. "albidopallens" by Jakob Emanuel Lange in 1928, before being classified as a separate species by J. Blum. Lange also described "Lactarius blennius" f. "virescens", which is now recognised as nomen invalidum (an invalid name). "Lactarius fluens" is another species that has been included in "L. blennius"; originally described in 1899 by Jean Louis Émile Boudier, in 1999, German Joseph Krieglsteiner suggested that it is actually a variety of "L. blennius", naming it "Lactarius blennius var. fluens". The situation with "Lactarius viridis" is similar; first described as a separate species by Quélet in 1888, A. Marchand proposed that it is in fact a variety of "L. blennius", naming it "Lactarius blennius var. viridis".
Description.
"Lactarius blennius" has a flattened convex cap that is 4–10 cm (1.6–4 in) across that later becomes depressed in the centre. In colour, it is pale olive to a greenish grey, sometimes a dull green or pale grey-sepia, and has blotches of darker colouration in concentric bands, though the colour can vary greatly. Heavily spotted specimens are also known, and a very brown specimen similar to "Lactarius circellatus" was recorded in Scotland. The cap is very slimy when moist and has a margin that is curved inwards. The stem is a paler colour than the cap, but also very slimy, and measures from 4–5 cm (1.6–2 in) tall by 1–1.7 cm (0.4–0.7 in) thick, tapering a little towards the bottom. The flesh is whitish, similar in colour to the gills, which later become a creamy or pale buff colour. The gills turn a brownish-grey colour when wounded, and are crowded. In shape, they are slightly decurrent or adnate, meaning that they run a small way down the stem in attachment, or that they are attached to the stem by the whole depth of the gills. The milk is white and dries grey, and is very plentiful. "L. blennius" spores leave a creamy print, and are elliptic with low warts joined by ridges with a small number of cross-connections, measuring from 6–9 by 5.5–7 µm.
Distribution, habitat and ecology.
"Lactarius blennius" is very common and is found in broad-leaved woodland, favouring beech; it is most associated with "Fagus sylvatica", the European Beech, though it has also been observed growing in association with species of oak. It forms an ectomycorrhizal association with trees, and can grow on a wide variety of subsoil types, but is more typical of acidic soil. It is found between late summer and late autumn, and is native to Europe. The distribution of the mushroom coincides with the distribution of beech. In the British Isles, the species is one of the one hundred most common mushrooms. Other areas in which it has been recorded include Sweden, France, Italy, and Poland.
Uses.
Mycologist Roger Phillips claims that "L. blennius" is edible when cooked, but not recommended, while others describe it as inedible or even poisonous. The milk tastes very hot and acrid.
"L. blennius" has been the subject of some research in chemistry. Lactarane derivatives (known as "blennins") have been acquired from the mushroom, including the lactone blennin D, and blennin A, which was first isolated from this species. Lactaranes are chemicals so named because of their occurrence in "Lactarius" species. Blennins have been shown to be potentially useful- blennin A, for instance (a lactarane-type sesquiterpene) has been shown to be an anti-inflammatory, having a strong inhibitative affect against leukotriene C4 biosynthesis. "L. blennius" can also be refined to create a green pigment, known as blennione.

</doc>
<doc id="18934075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934075" title="Kalinino, Azerbaijan">
Kalinino, Azerbaijan

Kalinino is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It is named after Mikhail Kalinin, a Soviet revolutionary and a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18934090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934090" title="Engarenaibor">
Engarenaibor

Engarenaibor is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 10,955.

</doc>
<doc id="18934095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934095" title="Stalino, Azerbaijan">
Stalino, Azerbaijan

Stalino is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18934107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934107" title="Knox County Courthouse (Nebraska)">
Knox County Courthouse (Nebraska)

The Knox County Courthouse is a historic building in Center, Nebraska, the county seat of Knox County.
After a series of five elections to determine a county seat, Center — located on two corn fields in the geographic center of the county — was selected in 1901 as the county seat. A first courthouse was built in 1902. The current courthouse was constructed from February to October 1934. In addition to $50,000 raised by the county from tax levies, the courthouse was the first public building in Nebraska to be built using funds and workers from the Civil Works Administration and Federal Emergency Relief Administration.
On July 5, 1990, the Courthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18934112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934112" title="Landslide (musician)">
Landslide (musician)

Tim Land, better known as Landslide, is a dubstep, Broken Beat UK garage, 2-step, drum and bass, and future jazz musician (also heavily influenced by Latin, soul, and bossa nova), previously signed to Hospital Records, from London, England. Originally a drummer for bands, he was introduced to Tony Colman and Chris Goss (the label's founders) through a sound engineering job. He has also appeared as a musician on London Elektricity's live drum and bass act, mainly organizing and playing samples on Drum pads.
In addition to his production work, Landslide is a lecturer in Creative Sound & Music at University of Wales, Newport.

</doc>
<doc id="18934115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934115" title="Johnny Dodd">
Johnny Dodd

John P. "Johnny" Dodd (June 25, 1941 – July 15, 1991) was a lighting designer for theater, dance and music active in the downtown art scene in Manhattan during the last half of the 20th century.
Career achievements.
During the 1960s, Dodd was resident lighting designer at the Caffe Cino. In 1967, he received an Obie Award for his work on Soren Agenoux's "A Christmas Carol", Lanford Wilson's "The Madness of Lady Bright" and Tom Eyen's "White Whore and the Bit Player". Dodd also worked on productions at Judson Memorial Church, La Mama and Theater Genesis. During the 1970s, he served as lighting director on the New York Dolls tours and worked with theater director Robert Wilson. He later founded and served as the president of the 14th Street Stage Lighting Inc. Towards the end of his life, Dodd worked at The Living Theater.
Underground film appearances.
Dodd was featured in Andy Warhol's film "Haircut No. 3" (1963) and appeared in Warhol's film "Kiss" (1964).
Death.
Dodd died in 1991, reportedly from AIDS at the age of 50.

</doc>
<doc id="18934118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934118" title="Alpha Lambda Zeta">
Alpha Lambda Zeta

Alpha Lambda Zeta (ΑΛΖ) is a LGBT service-oriented fraternity for professional and pre-professional women who identify as aggressive lesbians. Membership in Alpha Lambda Zeta is not exclusive to women of a particular race or age. They were founded in 2006 in Houston, Texas and Atlanta, Georgia. The fraternity was established to positively impact the community while maintaining a fraternal bond that is fostered by understanding, acceptance and support for aggressive women (i.e. studs, tombois, aggs, butch). The fraternity promotes its mission to eliminate barriers between the LGBTQ community and the greater community and to promote social change.
History.
Alpha Lambda Zeta Fraternity, Inc. was founded on January 9, 2006 in Houston, Texas and Atlanta, Georgia. Since 2006, the founders and members have developed and contributed to the founding vision of a fraternal sisterhood that is bonded and grounded in service to the community and each other as noted in their 5 principles.
With members in more than 10 US states, Alpha Lambda Zeta Fraternity has been continuing to expand to other states and working to promote social change.
Principles.
Alpha Lambda Zeta Fraternity, Inc. seeks to impact the community in positive, productive, and powerful ways through the principles of:
Philanthropy.
Lambda Action Network (LAN).
"Alpha Lambda Zeta Fraternity, Inc. utilizes its Lambda Action Network (LAN) to positively impact communities."
"Projects include:"
VOICE Initiative.
"Alpha Lambda Zeta Fraternity, Inc. has worked to establish Minority Gays & Lesbians as respected and sought after political alliances through their national political service project VOICE©. Within VOICE the fraternity has established projects in conjunction with many Pro-GLBT Rights organizations:"
Symbols.
Colors.
Wine, Black and Pearl
Plant.
Spruce - The spruce is Alpha Lambda Zeta's official plant.
Mascot.
Rearing Black Stallion - The Rearing Black Stallion is Alpha Lambda Zeta's mascot.

</doc>
<doc id="18934120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934120" title="Zurqes">
Zurqes

Zurqes (also, Aşağı Çiçəkli and Zurges) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934121" title="Tyreke Evans">
Tyreke Evans

Tyreke Jamir Evans (born September 19, 1989) is an American professional basketball guard with the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball at the University of Memphis, and was selected by the Sacramento Kings as the 4th overall pick in the 2009 NBA Draft. He is known for his quickness, ballhandling and finishing ability.
High school.
Evans grew up in Chester, Pennsylvania, and was mainly raised by his three older brothers. He attended American Christian Academy in Aston, Pennsylvania, and by his sophomore year began drawing comparisons to NBA All-Star Tracy McGrady. As a senior, he averaged 32.1 points, 8.8 rebounds, 5.7 assists and 4.3 steals. He was named the MVP of the McDonald's High School All-American Game and co-MVP (with Brandon Jennings) of the Jordan Brand Classic. At the age of 16, he was featured in the documentary "Gunning for That #1 Spot" directed by Adam "MCA" Yauch of the Beastie Boys. Evans was chosen to be the keeper of the SLAM Magazine High School Diary for the 2008 season.
College.
In April 2008, Evans announced that he would attend the University of Memphis, after also considering Villanova University and the University of Texas.
Evans transitioned from playing small forward in high school to guard in college. He struggled at times at the beginning of his freshman season at the shooting guard position. This continued until coach John Calipari inserted him as the starting point guard in the 11th game of the season, a 60–45 win over the University of Cincinnati. In 33 minutes, Evans nearly put up a triple-double, with 14 points, 10 rebounds, and eight assists. The Tigers would not lose another game until falling to the Missouri Tigers in the NCAA Tournament.
Evans was named the Conference USA Rookie of the Week eight times.
Evans was the only freshman finalist for the 2009 United States Basketball Writers Association's national player of the year award, named in honor of Oscar Robertson.
NBA career.
Sacramento Kings.
2009–2010 (rookie season).
On March 31, 2009, Evans declared himself eligible for the 2009 NBA Draft. Evans decided to forgo his remaining three seasons of collegiate eligibility. On June 25, 2009, Evans was selected by the Sacramento Kings with the fourth overall pick in the 2009 NBA Draft.
On December 1, 2009, Evans was named NBA Western Conference Rookie of the Month for games played from the beginning of the season through November. During that time he averaged 18.8 points, 5.0 rebounds, 4.7 assists, and 1.33 steals in 36.1 minutes per game.
On December 21, 2009, he was instrumental in leading the Sacramento Kings back from a 35-point deficit to beat the Chicago Bulls, 102–98. Evans scored 9 of the Kings last 11 points, single-handedly outscoring the Bulls in the 4th quarter (11 points for Evans vs. 10 for the Bulls).
On January 4, 2010, Tyreke Evans was named Western Conference T-Mobile Rookie of the Month for the second straight month.
On February 12, 2010 Tyreke Evans won the 2010 Rookie/Sophomore Game MVP award after recording 26 points, 6 rebounds, 5 assists, and 5 steals on 11/15 shooting. In an act of sportsmanship, he chose to share the award with DeJuan Blair, who had scored 22 points and pulled down 23 rebounds.
On March 11, 2010, Evans recorded his first career triple-double in a win against the Toronto Raptors on Rally for RekeROY night. Evans scored 19 points, 10 assists, and 10 rebounds.
He also became the fourth NBA player in history to ever average at least 20 points, 5 rebounds and 5 assists in his rookie year, joining Oscar Robertson (1960–61), Michael Jordan (1984-85) and LeBron James (2003–04).
On April 27, 2010, Evans was recognized for his accomplishments by being awarded the 2009–2010 NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
2010–2013.
On December 29, 2010, in a game against the Memphis Grizzlies, winning by one point with only seconds remaining, O. J. Mayo hit an off balance shot to put Memphis up by one. With no time outs remaining, Sacramento inbounded to the ball to Evans, who then dribbled the ball to half court and nailed a 3 pointer with time expiring, giving Sacramento a 2 point win.
On January 21, 2011, Evans scored career high 35 points, along with 5 boards, 3 assists and 3 steals.
Evans missed 19 games due to plantar fasciitis injury in his left foot, missing the 2011 NBA T-Mobile Rookie Challenge.
New Orleans Pelicans.
2013–present.
On July 10, 2013, Evans was traded to the New Orleans Pelicans in a three-team deal that sent Robin Lopez to the Portland Trail Blazers and Greivis Vásquez to the Kings.

</doc>
<doc id="18934125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934125" title="Margaret Harrison">
Margaret Harrison

Margaret Harrison (born 1940 in Wakefield, Yorkshire, England) is an English feminist and artist whose work over the past decade has dealt with different media and a range of subject matter which has established her as a leading artist in Britain.
Harrison studied at the Carlisle College of Art from 1957 to 1961; the Royal Academy Schools, London, England, from 1961 to 1964; and graduated from the Perugia Fine Arts Academy, Italy, in 1965.
She founded the London Women's Liberation Art Group in 1970. A 1971 exhibition of her work that was closed by the police included a piece depicting Hugh Hefner as a naked Bunny girl.
Between 1973 and 1975 she collaborated with artists Kay Hunt and Mary Kelly to conduct a study of women's work in a metal box factory in Bermondsey, London. They presented their findings in 1975 in the installation Women and Work: A Document on the Division of Labour in Industry 1973-1975 that was first displayed at the South London Art Gallery in 1975. The exhibition told the stories of 150 working women who participated in the project and offers an account of the participants' relationship to the workplace, as well as reflections on the changes in labour and industry brought about by the Equal Pay Act (EPA), which had been passed in 1970.
Her work was included in the exhibition ‘’Issue: Social Strategies by Women Artists’’, curated by Lucy R. Lippard, at the Institute of Contemporary Arts, London in 1980. This important international group exhibition highlighted socially oriented feminist art practice and has been recognized as a key feminist exhibition. According to Chris Crickmay, Harrison’s work was amongst others coming into prominence “reflecting social concerns in that had not hitherto appeared in art galleries".
Her work "Beautiful Ugly Violence" was described as "a field day of juxtapositions, as the bright and almost cheery colors of her paintings counter the often subdued and sometimes deadly topic: the various means of committing violence against women."
Harrison continues to work in both the United States and England and has exhibited in America, Switzerland, and Great Britain. Her work has been shown in the Museum of Contemporary Art and the Tate Modern. She was a Senior Research Professor and Director of the Social and Environmental Art Research Centre.
Her latest work (Spring 2011), entitled "I am a Fantasy", was exhibited at the Payne Shurvell gallery in East London from 15 April to 21 May. Beverley Knowles curated the show.
In 2013, she won the Northern Art Prize 

</doc>
<doc id="18934127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934127" title="Çıraqdərə">
Çıraqdərə

Çıraqdərə (known as Çiragidzor or Chiragidzor until 1992) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934136" title="Latitude ON">
Latitude ON

Latitude ON is an instant-on computer system made by Dell. It is a combination of software and hardware developed by Dell and used in some of their Latitude laptops. The system is based on a dedicated ARM processor (Texas Instruments OMAP 3430) that runs a custom version of a Linux OS. It was announced on August 12, 2008 along with other laptops, including a potential competitor to the Asus Eee PC and arrived a year later on 28 September 2009.
Latitude ON runs MontaVista Linux on an ARM-based subprocessor. This so-called MontaVista Montabello Mobile Internet Device Solution provides a customizable, Linux-based Mobile Internet Device (MID) platform the laptop is able to boot almost instantly and view Email, document reader, calendar, contacts and access the Internet.
First laptop models to include Latitude ON were E4200 and E4300 released in February 2009. Last laptop model introduced so far is Latitude Z600. Dell claims that battery life can be extended to days.
Latitude ON Reader is similar to Dell's MediaDirect where the software is located in a separate partition on the system hard drive and has a dedicated button to power on.
Versions.
There are several versions of Latitude ON:

</doc>
<doc id="18934138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934138" title="Mixaylovka">
Mixaylovka

Mixaylovka is a village and the least populous municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 146. 

</doc>
<doc id="18934139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934139" title="Tim Hutchings">
Tim Hutchings

Timothy ("Tim") Hilton Hutchings (born 4 December 1958 in London) is a former middle- and long-distance runner who represented England and Great Britain internationally.
Athletics career.
Hutchings' track events were the 1500 metres, 5000 metres and 10,000 metres. His main championship performances in track and field were a 5000 m bronze medal in the 1986 European Championship and a bronze medal in the 5000 m at the 1986 Commonwealth Games. He also finished fourth in the 1984 Olympic Games.
In cross country running, he twice earned a silver medal in the IAAF World Cross Country Championships, in 1984 and 1989. He also won the 1985 edition of the Belfast International Cross Country race.

</doc>
<doc id="18934142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934142" title="Peter Samuel, 4th Viscount Bearsted">
Peter Samuel, 4th Viscount Bearsted

Major Peter Montefiore Samuel, 4th Viscount Bearsted MC TD (9 December 1911 – 9 June 1996) was a British peer and former Deputy Chairman of Shell Transport and Trading.
Samuel was commissioned into the Warwickshire Yeomanry in March 1936. He served throughout the Second World War, being awarded the Military Cross in 1943 and ending the war as an Acting Major. He succeeded his elder brother in the viscountcy in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18934143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934143" title="Malta Enterprise">
Malta Enterprise

Malta Enterprise is Maltese government's exclusive agency focused on attracting inward investment and supporting enterprise in Malta. Its role is to act as a single point of contact for all enterprise support in Malta and to provide cohesion to government policies and efforts relating to enterprise in the country.
The Corporation came into being through the 2003 Malta Enterprise Act, and the agency, which became operational in January 2004. It combined the functions of three separate government offices – the Malta Development Corporation, (an investment promotion agency), Malta External Trade Corporation (an import-export promotion agency) and the Institute for the Promotion of Small Enterprise (a small business support service) – into a single entity that now serves as the national representative for Malta’s commercial and financial endeavors.
As the national economic development agency, Malta Enterprise develops support measures to create an environment conducive to the growth and development if enterprise in Malta, facilitates foreign investments, organises and hosts visiting business delegations and participates in global trade and business conferences.<ref
In May 2012, Mr Lawrence Zammit, former Chairman and of Malta Development Corporation and Air Malta, was named appointed Chairman whereas Dr Sue Vella, former Chief Executive Officer of the Employment and Training Corporation, was named Chief Executive Office of Malta Enterprise

</doc>
<doc id="18934147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934147" title="Louis Doutreleau">
Louis Doutreleau

Louis Doutreleau (1909-2005) was a French Jesuit priest closely associated over a long period with the publishing enterprise of the Sources Chrétiennes Institute in Lyons. He edited volumes of the works of Irenaeus, Origen, Didymus the Blind and of John Chrysostom. Together with Georges-Mathieu de Durand he also edited Basil of Caesarea, Against Eunomius.
Other Works:
Mosäiques:Anthologie de Sources Chrétiennes, 2vol., Paris 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18934154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934154" title="Ablakh">
Ablakh

Ablakh is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18934155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934155" title="Herbert Thacker Herr">
Herbert Thacker Herr

Herbert Thacker Herr (March 19, 1876 - December 19, 1933) was an American engineer and inventor.

</doc>
<doc id="18934157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934157" title="Parag Madkaikar">
Parag Madkaikar

Parag Mohan Madkaikar (born 22 April 1986 in Bombay) is an all-round Indian cricketer. Parag has represented Mumbai, and played in the winning MCA President's XI vs the touring Sri Lankans on 22 October 2005, at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
Parag now plays for Hawkinge Cricket Club in the Kent Cricket Feeder League 1D, based near Folkestone, Kent, and is on course to be leading run-scorer in the division in 2008.
References.
http://hawkinge.play-cricket.com/profile/statistics.asp?id=10823254

</doc>
<doc id="18934174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934174" title="Azbiokombinat">
Azbiokombinat

Azbiokombinat is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18934178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934178" title="Birgez">
Birgez

Birgez is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934187" title="Zambian presidential election, 2008">
Zambian presidential election, 2008

A presidential election was held in Zambia on 30 October 2008 following the death of the incumbent President Levy Mwanawasa on 19 August 2008; the election had to be called within 90 days of the date of death. It was expected that there would be internal problems within the ruling Movement for Multi-Party Democracy (MMD) as Mwanawasa had not declared a successor prior to his death, but Acting President Rupiah Banda was selected as the MMD's candidate without apparent problems. Michael Sata stood as the candidate of the Patriotic Front (PF), while Hakainde Hichilema stood as the candidate of the United Party for National Development (UPND). Godfrey Miyanda stood as the candidate of the Heritage Party.
The election was held to determine who should serve out the remainder of Mwanawasa's presidential term, which ends in 2011, rather than being an election for a full five-year term. The result was decided in a single round on a plurality voting system basis.
The South African Development Community (SADC), the African Union and the European Union were invited to send election observers. The EU did not send observers due to the tight timeframe.
Final results were announced on 2 November 2008, giving Banda the victory with 40.09% of the vote against 38.13% for Sata. Banda was promptly sworn in on the same day.
Organizing, budgeting and financing.
Following Mwanawasa's death, some questioned whether it would be financially possible for the Electoral Commission of Zambia to hold an election within the designated timeframe. It was also suggested that it would be necessary to hold the election without updating the voters' roll, but using an outdated voters' roll could cause complications during an election. The Electoral Commission decided to use the voters' roll from the 2006 election due to lack of time. A group called Anti-Vote Rigging, which was aligned with the opposition, took the matter to the High Court, seeking a decision that would force the Electoral Commission to "register new voters ahead of the elections because most people will be defranchised". The High Court ruled on 14 October that it was acceptable to use the old voters' roll due to time constraints.
At a press conference on 5 September, Sata demanded that a date for the election be announced. Acting President Rupiah Banda announced on 9 September that the election would be held on 30 October 2008.
The Electoral Commission set a budget of 240 billion kwacha (about 75 million US dollars) for the election, and the United Nations Development Programme said that it would contribute US$11.5 million. By 9 September, many provinces had received electoral materials being distributed by the Electoral Commission.
The Electoral Commission printed 600,000 more ballot papers than needed, saying that these would be used as substitute ballots in case of voter mistakes. The opposition objected to the printing of these extra ballot papers, arguing that they could facilitate vote rigging and calling for them to be destroyed. The Electoral Commission asked the four presidential candidates to attend a meeting on 15 October to discuss this issue. In response to allegations from the opposition that there were plans to rig the election in Banda's favor, Florence Mumba, the Chairperson of the Electoral Commission, said on 22 October that the Commission was committed to "a credible and acceptable" election and that any complaints regarding the election would be investigated.
Parties and candidates.
On 27 September 2008, Chief Justice Ernest Sakala announced that four candidates had validly filed and would stand in the election: Banda for the MMD, Sata for the PF, Hichilema for the UPND, and Miyanda for the Heritage Party. Banda and Sata are considered the frontrunners. Two opinion polls conducted before the election showed Sata in the lead; one of them was conducted by the Steadman Group, which is based in Kenya, and it showed Sata with 40% support and Banda with 29% support. The MMD released a poll on 29 October that placed Banda's support at 42–46% and Sata's support at 31–35%.
MMD.
Acting President Rupiah Banda, who succeeded Mwanawasa due to his position as Vice-President, is the MMD candidate.
There were initially disagreements in the MMD regarding the party's presidential candidate. The party's Chairman for Information and Publicity, Benny Tetamashimba, argued that Rupiah Banda should be the candidate in an interview on 24 August. He claimed wide support for this in the party and praised Banda's "high leadership qualities". On the same day, however, Northern Province Minister Lameck Chibombamilimo argued in favor of Mwanawasa's wife, Maureen Mwanawasa, becoming the MMD candidate. According to Chibombamilimo, "her developmental work scattered throughout the country and her leadership at the continental level where she has led her fellow first ladies in the fight against HIV/AIDS" demonstrated that she had the ability to serve as President. Banda filed his application to run as the party's candidate on 26 August. The MMD in Eastern Province issued a statement supporting his candidacy, and politicians such as Vernon Mwaanga and Mbita Chitala also stated their support; according to Chitala, Banda had the support of most members of the MMD National Executive Committee. Finance Minister Ng'andu Magande also applied to be the MMD's candidate on 25 August, saying that he was "eminently qualified" because he had "rich experience in managing state operations both internationally and locally". Former Vice-President Enoch Kavindele and former Minister of Works and Supply Ludwig Sondashi also applied. Katele Kalumba and Michael Mabenga did not apply; Tetamashimba praised their decision, saying that it would "enhance unity in the party".
Sondashi called for the MMD candidate to be decided through secret voting, while Southern Province Minister Daniel Munkombwe called for the candidate to be decided at a party convention and not a meeting of the National Executive Committee, as a convention would allow broader participation in the process. According to Munkombwe, Mwanawasa was nearly beaten by Anderson Masoka in the 2001 presidential election because he had been essentially "handpicked" by the MMD National Executive Committee.
It was reported on 31 August that thirteen politicians had filed to run as the MMD's candidate: Maxwell Mwamba, Pastor Nyirongo, former Vice-President Enoch Kavindele, Acting President Rupiah Banda, former Vice-President Nevers Mumba, Home Affairs Minister Ronnie Shikapwasha, MMD Chairperson for Commerce and Trade Sebastian Kopulande, Finance Minister Ng'andu Magande, Charles Ngesa, Billy Phiri, Martin Chama, former Constitution Review Commission (CRC) chairperson Wila Mung'omba and former Works and Supply Minister Ludwig Sondashi. Ultimately there were 19 candidates.
The MMD National Executive Committee chose Banda as the party's presidential candidate in a secret ballot on 5 September 2008. He had been widely expected to win, and he received 47 votes against 11 for Magande. On this occasion, Banda promised to "unite the party and the entire nation" and to "continue implementing [Mwanawasa's] programs", while expressing gratitude for the support he had received. Magande's unsuccessful candidacy was said to have been favored by Maureen Mwanawasa.
Two smaller parties, the United Liberal Party and the All People's Congress, chose to support Banda's candidacy.
Banda launched his campaign on 18 September. On this occasion, he praised Mwanawasa's liberal economic policies, saying that they had "made us one of the most stable countries on the African continent", and he promised to continue those policies if he was elected. Shortly before the election, he announced a 75% reduction in the price of fertilizer; this was considered a populist move intended to buttress his rural support.
Speaking on 24 October, Independence Day, Banda said that the country could "look to the future with hope because even when prophets of doom were predicting chaos following the death of Mwanawasa, Zambians were united in ensuring that the due process of the law is observed as we prepare for his successor". He called for a high turnout in the election.
In reaction to Sata's statement that he would reject the results if he lost, Banda urged his opponents to accept the results on 27 October, warning that anyone who incited violence in the wake of the election could face arrest.
PF.
Michael Sata, the leader of the opposition Patriotic Front, is standing as the PF candidate in the election. He was unanimously chosen as the party's candidate at a meeting of its Central Committee on 30 August 2008. Accepting the nomination, he expressed the need "to scrub this country and wash it"; he also said that he would refrain from campaigning until after Mwanawasa's funeral. Although he suffered a heart attack in April 2008, Sata said that he was healthy and in good condition. He said on 8 September that he would protect Chinese investments if he was elected, abandoning the hostility towards Chinese investment that he had expressed during the 2006 presidential election campaign.
On 15 October, Sata said that, if elected, he would require foreign investors to reserve at least 25% of the shares in their companies for Zambians, with the penalty of losing their licenses if they did not do so. Sata has also said that he would reduce taxes on government employees and improve housing, rural industries, and agriculture.
Prior to the election, Sata stated that he would not accept the results if they showed that he was defeated, believing that he could not legitimately lose. Supporters of Sata in Livingstone set up a roadblock on 28 October to halt trucks that they believed might be transporting pre-marked ballots from South Africa into the country through Zimbabwe; they were dispersed by police with tear gas. The Electoral Commission said that the trucks only contained lamps and batteries. At his last rally of the campaign, held in Lusaka on 29 October, Sata denied that he was seeking to incite unrest, but he remained unwilling to state ahead of time that he would accept the results.
There have been some concerns about Sata's health; although he has appeared vigorous in the period leading up to the election, he suffered a heart attack in April 2008 and had to be evacuated to South Africa.
UPND.
The PF and United Party for National Development were reportedly in talks over an electoral pact in August. However, the UPND decided to contest the election alone, with UPND leader Hakainde Hichilema as the party's candidate. Hichilema has promised free health care for all citizens, free primary and secondary education, and improved housing. Some feel he is too young and inexperienced for the presidency, and the UPND has been criticized as a tribally-based party. Hichilema said before the election that if electoral fraud occurred, there would be "severe consequences".
UNIP.
United National Independence Party (UNIP) Deputy Secretary-General Alfred Banda said that UNIP would contest the election with Tilyenji Kaunda as its candidate, according to "The Post" on 26 August. UNIP's Information and Publicity Secretary for Copperbelt Province, Brian Chishimba, had previously said that the party would not present a candidate due to internal disagreements, but Alfred Banda dismissed this statement. The UNIP ultimately did not present a candidate in the election, however.
Election day and results.
Voting began at 6:00 in the morning on 30 October and was scheduled to end 12 hours later. Sata voted in central Lusaka and "emphatically" reiterated that he would not accept a victory for Banda, saying that there was "no way MMD can win". He also alleged that the Electoral Commission and the police were working together to rig the election. An apparent attempt at fraud was reported in Lusaka, where an election officer was arrested after he was found carrying an envelope containing ballots that were pre-marked in favor of Banda.
According to early results from 19 of the 150 constituencies on 31 October, Sata had 60% of the vote and Banda had almost 31%. Later in the day, results from 43 constituencies showed Sata leading with 50.6% to Banda's 33.8%. These early results were mainly from urban constituencies, where the PF enjoyed strong support; the MMD's support was primarily based in rural areas. As voting continued on 31 October, results from 60 constituencies gave Sata a smaller lead: 43.8% against Banda's 34.1%. Hichilema, meanwhile, had 13.8%, and Miyanda had 0.6%. With results from 93 constituencies counted, Sata had 41% to Banda's 37%, with Hichilema at 20%. According to the Electoral Commission and African Union observers, voting went well and there were no major problems. An MMD prediction on television that Banda would defeat Sata by a 60,000 vote margin led the PF to allege that the prediction was part of an effort to manipulate the results.
Early on 1 November, results from 102 constituencies showed Sata still narrowly ahead with 40% against 38% for Banda. As votes continued to be counted, results from 108 constituencies placed Sata at 39.8%, Banda at 37.9%, Hichilema at 20.3%, and Miyanda at 0.8%. Results from the afternoon, with 137 constituencies counted, showed Sata leading with 39.9% to Banda's 39.1%, while Hichilema had 19% and Miyanda had 0.7%. The PF asked for vote counting to be stopped to allow for an investigation into irregularities. On the same day, the SADC observer mission endorsed the election as "credible, peaceful, well-managed and transparent". Results from the evening of 1 November, with 148 constituencies counted, showed Banda leading with 40.0% to Sata's 38.5%, Hichilema at 19.5% and Miyanda at 0.8%. Complaining of irregularities, the PF did not accept these results and stated that it would go to the courts to seek a recount. Final results were announced on 2 November 2008, confirming Banda's victory with 40.09% of the vote against 38.13% for Sata. Banda was promptly sworn in at State House on the same day, using his speech on the occasion to call for unity. Turnout was placed at 45%; the use of the outdated voters roll reportedly reduced participation, as some people were unable to vote. 
When Banda overtook Sata in the results, Sata's supporters in parts of Lusaka began rioting on 1 November, and riots also broke out in Kitwe on the next day. The Foundation for Democratic Process, a non-governmental organization that conducted its own vote count, said that its results matched the results given by the Electoral Commission. The PF said on 3 November that it wanted a recount, subject to independent verification, to be held in 78 constituencies. Hichilema alleged fraud as well, but he said that he did not plan to present a legal challenge to the results. Speaking on South African radio on 4 November, Sata denied that he had been defeated and stated: "Rupiah Banda has no vision, Rupiah Banda has no platform. The only platform Rupiah Banda is on is cheating." On 5 November, the Electoral Commission said that only a verification exercise, not a recount, would be conducted. It said that the verification exercise was a matter of standard procedure, but that a recount would require a court order. Within two days, the verification exercise was suspended in Lusaka after a physical altercation between members of the MMD and the PF. A member of the MMD alleged that Sata punched him during this brawl, but the PF disputed that claim.
Catholic priest Frank Bwalya was arrested on 12 November and charged with incitement of violence based on a broadcast on Radio Icengelo, which discussed matters related to the election; he was arrested after refusing to halt the broadcast. In response to the arrest, PF supporters in Kitwe protested violently; they were dispersed with tear gas and 38 people were arrested on 13 November. Bwalya was released on bail on the same day.
In a Cabinet reshuffle on 14 November, Banda dismissed five members of the Cabinet. He appointed George Kunda as Vice President and chose Situmbeko Musokotwane to replace Finance Minister Ng'andu Magande.

</doc>
<doc id="18934190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934190" title="Gəncə, Goygol">
Gəncə, Goygol

Gəncə is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Zurnabad.

</doc>
<doc id="18934200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934200" title="Səfikürd, Goygol">
Səfikürd, Goygol

Səfikürd is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934205" title="Bagirovka">
Bagirovka

Bagirovka is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18934207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934207" title="Akhardzha">
Akhardzha

Akhardzha is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18934211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934211" title="Balçılı, Goygol">
Balçılı, Goygol

Balçılı (also, Bolçalı) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,945. 

</doc>
<doc id="18934214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934214" title="Quşqara">
Quşqara

Quşqara is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1895. The municipality consists of the villages of Quşqara, Bəhrəmbağ, and Səmədli.

</doc>
<doc id="18934215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934215" title="Abukar Umar Adani">
Abukar Umar Adani

Abukar Omar Adani is the Chief Financier of the Islamic Courts Union. He hails from the Warsangali clan (a subclan of Abgaal). As of 2008, he lives in Djibouti having fled Somalia following the defeat of the ICU by Ethiopian forces. In September 2007, Adani rejected Prime Minister Ali Mohammed Ghedi's offer to return to Mogadishu and participate in the second round of the Somali National Reconciliation Conference, saying that he has no plans to return to Somalia until the Ethiopians leave.
Adani offered support to the UN-sponsored Djibouti peace talks between the Transitional National Government (TNG) and Alliance for the Re-liberation of Somalia (ARS).

</doc>
<doc id="18934217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934217" title="Kichik-Gimchi">
Kichik-Gimchi

Kichik-Gimchi is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934219" title="Ashaga Angelan">
Ashaga Angelan

Ashaga Angelan is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934223" title="Yukhary Angelan">
Yukhary Angelan

Yukhary Angelan is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934242" title="Upa, Azerbaijan">
Upa, Azerbaijan

Upa is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934247" title="Dellar">
Dellar

Dellar is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934257" title="Germiyan, Azerbaijan">
Germiyan, Azerbaijan

Germiyan is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934261" title="Khirek">
Khirek

Khirek is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934264" title="Arctic Drift">
Arctic Drift

Arctic Drift is a Dirk Pitt novel, the 20th of the series and was released on November 25, 2008.
Plot.
The plot begins in the year 1847, when the Franklin Expedition becomes stranded trying to find the Northwest Passage. They experience a harsh winter. The men are seemingly going mad. Their stranded boats (Erebus and Terror) are loaded with a mysterious, unidentified silvery metal. The story switches to the present day. There is an ongoing quest to save the earth from Global Warming. All of the world's scientists are looking for a solution. Some people are trying to thwart these efforts. The NUMA team, headed by Dirk Pitt, Al Giordino and Dirk Pitt's children, Dirk Junior and Summer, are trying to find a way to stop Global Warming. Their quest leads them to investigate a series of mysterious asphyxiations. They soon realize that the solution they are looking for is hidden in the heart of the Arctic; in an old forgotten ship. They will need to solve a centuries old mystery to save the earth.

</doc>
<doc id="18934265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934265" title="Jim Maguire">
Jim Maguire

Jim Maguire was an Irish football player who played as a full back. He was born in Dublin.
He joined Shamrock Rovers in 1927. His brother Mick also played at Glenmalure Park for the Hoops and their father William Maguire was one of the founders of Shamrock Rovers. Former Rovers Chairman Tony Maguire is his son.
He won one cap for the Irish Free State in a 4-0 friendly win over Belgium at Dalymount Park on April 20, 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="18934269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934269" title="Gariban">
Gariban

Gariban is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934274" title="Kyzyl-Yulduz">
Kyzyl-Yulduz

Kyzyl-Yulduz is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934276" title="John Talbot of Grafton">
John Talbot of Grafton

Sir John Talbot of Grafton, Worcestershire (1545 – 28 January 1611) was a prominent recusant English Catholic layman of the reigns of Elizabeth I of England and James I of England. He was connected by marriage to one of the Gunpowder Plot conspirators, and by acquaintance or family ties to other important Catholic figures. He fell often under suspicion from the English government.
Life.
He became a member of Lincoln's Inn, 10 February 1555-6. He was member of Parliament for Droitwich in 1572.
It was when passing through Smithfield, London, in July 1580, with Mr. and Mrs. Talbot, that Robert Johnson, the Catholic martyr, was recognized by Sledd, the informer. Indeed, Robert Persons calls Robert Johnson "Mr. Talbot's priest" (Cath. Rec. Soc., II, 27), though, as it appears, he was, rather, Lady Petre's. Talbot was committed to the custody of the Dean of Westminster, 24 August 1580, and afterwards removed to the house of his brother-in-law, Sir John Petre, in Aldersgate Street. On 1 October 1581, the plague being then rife in the City, he was moved to some other house within ten or twelve miles of London.
In 1583 the priest, Hugh Hall, confessed that he had in past years been entertained by him. Later Talbot was restricted to the house of one Henry Whitney, at Mitcham, Surrey, and two miles round it. In 1588 he was imprisoned in Wisbech Castle for having heard Mass contrary to the provisions of the statute 23 Eliz. c. i. From 9 Dec., 1588, to about 13 May 1589, he was liberated on bail, owing to his own and his wife's bad health. He then seems to have been restricted to his house in Clerkenwell.
On 12 March 1589-90, he was ordered into confinement at the house of Richard Fiennes at Broughton, Oxfordshire, whence he was released on bail for a fortnight on 24 May 1590. He was again allowed out on bail on 20 December 1590, and 22 July 1591. In 1592 he was at "Bickslie" (Bexley or Bickley?) Kent. On 27 August 1592, the recusants formerly imprisoned at Ely, Banbury, and Broughton were ordered back to their respective prisons; but an exception was made (17 September 1592) in favor of John Talbot. However, next year we find him in Ely gaol. Thence he was liberated on bail for a considerable period to act as umpire in a family dispute.
Later on he was allowed to take "the Bathes", presumably at Bath, on account of his health. Between Michaelmas, 1593, and 10 March following, he paid £120 in fines for recusancy. Afterwards he was imprisoned in Banbury Castle, whence he was released on bail for two months, 27 February 1596-7, his leave being subsequently extended on 29 April 1597, and 6 Nov., 1597.
In 1601 he was living in Worcestershire and pressure was brought to bear on him to secure his influence to promote the candidature of Sir Thomas Leighton as one of the parliamentary representatives of the shire. In 1604 he was paying £20 a month in fines for his recusancy, the benefit of which was on 26 August granted to Sir William Anstruther, who on 13 October in the same year obtained his pardon. On the following 8 December a warrant was issued for the release to him of £160, due from him to the Crown in fines for recusancy.
In 1605 he was suspected of complicity with the conspirators of the Gunpowder Plot, one of whom, Robert Wintour, of Haddington near Droitwich, had married his daughter Gertrude. Robert Wintour, however, declared that he had said nothing on the subject to his father-in-law, knowing that he would not join the plot under any circumstances. Indeed he had actually driven the fugitive conspirators from his door. Talbot was, nevertheless, arrested, and on 4 December 1605, examined. On 26 September 1606, the value of his recusancy was granted to Lord Hay.
Family.
He was the only son and heir of Sir John Talbot, of Grafton, Worcestershire, and of Albrighton, Shropshire (died 6 June 1555), and wife Frances Gifford, daughter of Sir John Gifford, and grandson of Sir John Talbot of Albrighton, Shropshire (died 10 September 1549) by second wife Margaret Troutbeck, daughter of Adam Troutbeck of Mobberley, Chester, in turn a son of Sir Gilbert Talbot by second wife Etheldreda, called Audrey, Cotton, daughter of William Landwade Cotton of Landwade, Cambridgeshire.
He was the father, by Katherine Petre, daughter of Sir William Petre and his second wife, Anne Browne, daughter of Sir William Browne, Lord Mayor of London, of:

</doc>
<doc id="18934277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934277" title="Charmimazar">
Charmimazar

Charmimazar is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934290" title="Agirdzha">
Agirdzha

Agirdzha is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934294" title="Bilyasan">
Bilyasan

Bilyasan is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934296" title="Manghopir Hills">
Manghopir Hills

Manghopir Hills are located in between Karachi District of Sindh and Lasbela District of Balochistan in Pakistan. The City District Government of Karachi is building a resort and recreational area in Manghopir Hills in Gadap Town. 
There are several ethnic groups including Muhajirs, Sindhis, Punjabis, Kashmiris, Seraikis, Pakhtuns, Balochis, Memons, Bohras, Ismailis, etc. Over 99% of the population is Muslim.

</doc>
<doc id="18934301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934301" title="İkinci Yaşma">
İkinci Yaşma

İkinci Yaşma is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934303" title="Engaruka (Tanzanian ward)">
Engaruka (Tanzanian ward)

Engaruka is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 7,295.

</doc>
<doc id="18934305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934305" title="Are You Listening? (film)">
Are You Listening? (film)

Are You Listening? is a 1932 drama film starring William Haines, Madge Evans and Anita Page. The film was directed by Harry Beaumont. It was Haines' final film for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Plot.
A radio writer is tricked into confessing — on the air — that he murdered his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="18934307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934307" title="Tudar, Azerbaijan">
Tudar, Azerbaijan

Tudar is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Ağdərə.

</doc>
<doc id="18934309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934309" title="Qasımkənd, Khizi">
Qasımkənd, Khizi

Qasımkənd (also, Kasymkend) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Ağdərə.

</doc>
<doc id="18934314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934314" title="Əmbizlər">
Əmbizlər

Əmbizlər (also, Ambizlyar) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Ağdərə.

</doc>
<doc id="18934315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934315" title="Engutoto">
Engutoto

Engutoto is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 6,829.

</doc>
<doc id="18934317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934317" title="Dizəvər">
Dizəvər

Dizəvər (also Dizavar) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qarabulaq.

</doc>
<doc id="18934323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934323" title="Esilalei">
Esilalei

Esilalei is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 7,824.

</doc>
<doc id="18934325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934325" title="Tux">
Tux

Tux is a penguin character and the official mascot of the Linux kernel. Originally created as an entry to a Linux logo competition, Tux is the most commonly used icon for Linux, although different Linux distributions depict Tux in various styles. In video games featuring the character, female counterparts named Penny and Gown accompany him. The character is used in many other Linux programs and as a general symbol of Linux.
History.
Origins.
The concept of the Linux mascot being a penguin came from Linus Torvalds, the creator of Linux. Tux was created by Larry Ewing in 1996 after an initial suggestion made by Alan Cox and further refined by Linus Torvalds on the Linux kernel mailing list. Torvalds took his inspiration from an image he found on an FTP site, showing a penguin figurine looking strangely like the "Creature Comforts" characters made by Nick Park. The first person to call the penguin "Tux" was James Hughes, who said that it stood for "(T)orvalds (U)ni(X)". However, "tux" is also an abbreviation of tuxedo, the outfit which springs to mind when one sees a penguin.
Tux was originally designed as a submission for a Linux logo contest. Three such competitions took place; Tux won none of them. This is why Tux is formally known as the Linux "mascot" and not the "logo". Tux was created by Larry Ewing using the first publicly released version (0.54) of GIMP, a free software graphics package. It was released by him under the following condition:
According to Jeff Ayers, Linus Torvalds had a "fixation for flightless, fat waterfowl" and Torvalds claims to have contracted "penguinitis" after being gently nibbled by a penguin: "Penguinitis makes you stay awake at nights just thinking about penguins and feeling great love towards them." Torvalds' supposed illness is a joke, but he really was bitten by a Little Penguin on a visit to the National Zoo & Aquarium, Canberra, Australia. Torvalds was looking for something fun and sympathetic to associate with Linux, and a slightly fat penguin sitting down after having had a great meal perfectly fit the bill.
In an interview Linus commented on the penguin bite:
Tuz 2009.
Tuz was the mascot of the 2009 linux.conf.au conference. It has been chosen by Linus Torvalds as the logo for version 2.6.29 of the Linux kernel to support the effort to save the Tasmanian devil species from extinction due to the devil facial tumour disease.
The image was designed by Andrew McGown and recreated as an Inkscape SVG by Josh Bush, and released under Creative Commons license CC-BY-SA.
Linux for Workgroups 2013.
For the Linux 3.11-rc1 release, Linus Torvalds changed the code name from "Unicycling Gorilla" to "Linux for Workgroups" and modified the logo that some systems display when booting to depict a Tux holding a flag with a symbol that is reminiscent of the logo of Windows for Workgroups 3.11, which was released in 1993.
Uses and reception.
In some Linux distributions, Tux greets the user during booting, with multi-processor systems displaying multiple images of Tux, one for each processor core.
Video games.
Tux has taken on a role in the Linux community similar to that which Mario holds in the Nintendo community. He has been featured in open-source look-alikes of other mainstream games, such as "Tux Racer", "Extreme Tux Racer", "Tux Math Scrabble", "TuxWordSmith Tux Math", "SuperTux", "SuperTuxKart", and "Tux Paint". See also List of video games with Tux below.
Female Tux versions in video games.
Some games that star Tux also include explicitly female penguin characters, allowing the players to play as one of those characters instead of Tux. One such female penguin is Tux's friend "Gown". Gown is variously depicted as being a pink version of Tux ("XTux") or as having a somewhat less fat appearance and wearing items of clothing such as a red and white short skirt and a hair bow (e.g. "TuxKart" and "A Quest for Herring").
In "SuperTux" and "SuperTuxKart", there is a different female penguin called "Penny" who is purple and white ("SuperTuxKart" once had Gown and still has a map called "Gown's Bow"). In the arcade game "Tux 2" there is a female penguin called "Trixi", and in "FreeCiv" the female leader name for the Antarctican civilization is "Tuxette".
List of video games with Tux.
Several computer games, mostly free and open source and/or for Linux, have included Tux, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18934333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934333" title="Gelai Lumbwa">
Gelai Lumbwa

Gelai Lumbwa is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 4,219.

</doc>
<doc id="18934335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934335" title="Qarabulaq, Khizi">
Qarabulaq, Khizi

Qarabulaq (also, Karabulak) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 201. The municipality consists of the villages of Qarabulaq and Dizəvər.

</doc>
<doc id="18934340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934340" title="Gelai Meirugoi">
Gelai Meirugoi

Gelai Meirugoi is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 5,423.

</doc>
<doc id="18934346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934346" title="Shark (helmet manufacturer)">
Shark (helmet manufacturer)

Shark is a French company that produces motorcycle helmets, which was founded in 1986 in Marseille, France.
Helmets.
Headquartered in Marseilles and with over 600 employees, SHARK helmets are distributed by a network of over 5,000 sales outlets worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="18934348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934348" title="Simon (album)">
Simon (album)

Simon is an album by Gruvis Malt. It was released by Integers Only, an independent self-run label managed by Gruvis Malt founder Gavin Castleton, in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18934350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934350" title="Kitumbeine">
Kitumbeine

Kitumbeine is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 13,629.

</doc>
<doc id="18934352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934352" title="Donguli">
Donguli

Donguli is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934358" title="Khol-Kilyazi">
Khol-Kilyazi

Khol-Kilyazi is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934359" title="Lolkisale">
Lolkisale

Lolkisale is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 10,179.

</doc>
<doc id="18934361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934361" title="British Library">
British Library

The British Library is the national library of the United Kingdom. The library is a major research library, holding over 150 million items from many countries, in many languages and in many formats, both print and digital: books, manuscripts, journals, newspapers, magazines, sound and music recordings, videos, play-scripts, patents, databases, maps, stamps, prints, drawings. The Library's collections include around 14 million books, along with substantial holdings of manuscripts and historical items dating back as far as 2000 BC. The British Library is the largest library in the world, with the second largest being the Library of Congress of the United States.
As a legal deposit library, the British Library receives copies of all books produced in the United Kingdom and Ireland, including a significant proportion of overseas titles distributed in the UK. It also has a programme for content acquisitions. The British Library adds some three million items every year occupying of new shelf space.
The library is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport. It is located on the north side of Euston Road in St Pancras, London (between Euston railway station and St Pancras railway station) and has a document storage centre and reading room at Boston Spa, Wetherby in West Yorkshire.
The library was originally a department of the British Museum and from the mid-19th century occupied the famous circular British Museum Reading Room. It became legally separate in 1973, and by 1997 had moved into its new purpose-built building at St Pancras, London.
Historical background.
The British Library was created on 1 July 1973 as a result of the "British Library Act 1972". Prior to this, the national library was part of the British Museum, which provided the bulk of the holdings of the new library, alongside smaller organisations which were folded in (such as the National Central Library, the National Lending Library for Science and Technology and the British National Bibliography). In 1974 functions previously exercised by the Office for Scientific and Technical Information were taken over; in 1982 the India Office Library and Records and the HMSO Binderies became British Library responsibilities. In 1983, the Library absorbed the National Sound Archive, which holds many sound and video recordings, with over a million discs and thousands of tapes.
The core of the Library's historical collections is based on a series of donations and acquisitions from the 18th century, known as the 'foundation collections'. These include the books and manuscripts of Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Hans Sloane, Robert Harley and the King's Library of King George III, as well as the Old Royal Library donated by King George II.
For many years its collections were dispersed in various buildings around central London, in places such as Bloomsbury (within the British Museum), Chancery Lane, Bayswater, and Holborn with an interlibrary lending centre at Boston Spa, Wetherby in West Yorkshire (situated on Thorp Arch Trading Estate) and the newspaper library at Colindale, north-west London.
Initial plans for the British Library required demolition of an integral part of Bloomsbury - a seven acre swathe of streets immediately in front of the Museum, so that the Library could be situated directly opposite. After a long and hard-fought campaign led by Dr George Wagner, this decision was overturned and the library was instead constructed on a site at Euston Road next to St Pancras railway station.
From 1997 to 2009 the main collection was housed in this single new building and the collection of British and overseas newspapers was housed at Colindale. In July 2008 the Library announced that it would be moving low-use items to a new storage facility in Boston Spa in Yorkshire and that it planned to close the newspaper library at Colindale, ahead of a later move to a similar facility on the same site. From January 2009 to April 2012 over 200 km of material was moved to the Additional Storage Building and is now delivered to British Library Reading Rooms in London on request by a daily shuttle service. Construction work on the Newspaper Storage Building was completed in 2013 and the newspaper library at Colindale is due to close on 8 November 2013 before the collection is moved. The British Library Document Supply Service (BLDSS) and the Library’s Document Supply Collection is based on the same site in Boston Spa. Collections housed in Yorkshire, comprising low-use material and the newspaper and Document Supply collections, will then make up around 70% of the total material the library holds.
The Library previously had a book storage depot in Woolwich, south-east London, which is no longer in use. The new library was designed specially for the purpose by the architect Colin St John Wilson. Facing Euston Road is a large piazza that includes pieces of public art, such as large sculptures by Eduardo Paolozzi (a bronze statue based on William Blake's study of Isaac Newton) and Antony Gormley. It is the largest public building constructed in the United Kingdom in the 20th century.
In the middle of the building is a six-storey glass tower containing the King's Library, with 65,000 printed volumes along with other pamphlets, manuscripts and maps collected by King George III between 1763 and 1820. In December 2009 a new storage building at Boston Spa was opened by Rosie Winterton. The new facility, costing £26 million, has a capacity for seven million items, stored in more than 140,000 bar-coded containers, which are retrieved by robots, from the 162.7 Miles of temperature and humidity-controlled storage space.
On Thursday, April 5, 2013, Lucie Burgess, the British Library's head of content strategy, announced that, starting that weekend, the Library will begin saving all sites with the suffix .uk- every British website, e-book, online newsletter, and blog, in a bid to preserve the nation's "digital memory" (which as of then amounted to about 4.8 million sites containing 1 billion web pages). The Library will make all the material publicly available to users by the end of 2013, and will ensure that, through technological advancements, all the material is preserved for future generations, despite the fluidity of the Internet.
Legal deposit.
In England, legal deposit can be traced back to at least 1610. The Copyright Act 1911 established the principle of the legal deposit, ensuring that the British Library and five other libraries in Great Britain and Ireland are entitled to receive a free copy of every item published or distributed in Britain. The other five libraries are: the Bodleian Library at Oxford; the University Library at Cambridge; the Trinity College Library at Dublin; and the National Libraries of Scotland and Wales. The British Library is the only one that must automatically receive a copy of every item published in Britain; the others are entitled to these items, but must specifically request them from the publisher after learning that they have been or are about to be published, a task done centrally by the Agency for the Legal Deposit Libraries.
Further, under the terms of Irish copyright law (most recently the Copyright and Related Rights Act 2000), the British Library is entitled to automatically receive a free copy of every book published in Ireland, alongside the National Library of Ireland, the Trinity College Library at Dublin, the library of the University of Limerick, the library of Dublin City University and the libraries of the four constituent universities of the National University of Ireland. The Bodleian Library, Cambridge University Library, and the National Libraries of Scotland and Wales are also entitled to copies of material published in Ireland, but again must formally make requests.
In 2003 the Ipswich MP Chris Mole introduced a Private Member's Bill which became the Legal Deposit Libraries Act 2003. The Act extends United Kingdom legal deposit requirements to electronic documents, such as CD-ROMs and selected websites.
The Library also holds the Asia, Pacific and Africa Collections (APAC) which include the India Office Records and materials in the languages of Asia and of north and north-east Africa.
Using the library's reading rooms.
The Library is open to everyone who has a genuine need to use its collections. Anyone with a permanent address who wishes to carry out research can apply for a Reader Pass; they are required to provide proof of signature and address for security purposes.
Historically, only those wishing to use specialised material unavailable in other public or academic libraries would be given a Reader Pass. The Library has been criticised for admitting numbers of undergraduate students, who have access to their own university libraries, to the reading rooms. The Library replied that it has always admitted undergraduates as long as they have a legitimate personal, work-related or academic research purpose.
The majority of catalogue entries can be found on Explore the British Library, the Library's main catalogue, which is based on Primo. Other collections have their own catalogues, such as western manuscripts. The large reading rooms offer hundreds of seats which are often filled with researchers, especially during the Easter and summer holidays.
Members of the public are also able to view the Document Supply Collection in the Reading Room at the Library's site in Boston Spa in Yorkshire. It is not necessary to register as a Reader to use the Boston Spa Reading Room, however, those who wish to do so must be over the age of 14 and need to provide photo identification.
Material available online.
The British Library makes a number of images of items within its collections available online. Its "Online Gallery" gives access to 30,000 images from various medieval books, together with a handful of exhibition-style items in a proprietary format, such as the Lindisfarne Gospels. This includes the facility to "turn the virtual pages" of a few documents, such as Leonardo da Vinci's notebooks. Catalogue entries for a large number of the illuminated manuscript collections are available online, with selected images of pages or miniatures from a growing number of them, and there is a database of significant bookbindings.
The British Library's commercial secure electronic delivery service was started in 2003 at a cost of £6 million. This offers more than 100 million items (including 280,000 journal titles, 50 million patents, 5 million reports, 476,000 US dissertations and 433,000 conference proceedings) for researchers and library patrons worldwide which were previously unavailable outside the Library because of copyright restrictions. In line with a government directive that the British Library must cover a percentage of its operating costs, a fee is charged to the user. However, this service is no longer profitable and has led to a series of restructures to try to prevent further losses.
When Google Books started, the British Library signed an agreement with Microsoft to digitise a number of books from the British Library for its Live Search Books project. This material was only available to readers in the US, and closed in May 2008. The scanned books are currently available via the British Library catalogue or Amazon.
In October 2010 the British Library launched its "Management and business studies portal". This website is designed to allow digital access to management research reports, consulting reports, working papers and articles.
In November 2011, four million newspaper pages from the 18th and 19th centuries were made available online. The project will scan up to 40 million pages over the next 10 years. The archive is free to search, but there is a charge for accessing the pages themselves.
Electronic collections.
"Explore the British Library" is the latest iteration of the online catalogue. It contains nearly 57 million records and may be used to search, view and order items from the collections or search the contents of the Library's website. The Library's electronic collections include over 40,000 ejournals, 800 databases and other electronic resources. A number of these are available for remote access to registered St Pancras Reader Pass holders.
Exhibitions.
A number of books and manuscripts are on display to the general public in the Sir John Ritblat Gallery which is open seven days a week at no charge. Some of the manuscripts in the exhibition include "Beowulf", the Lindisfarne Gospels and St Cuthbert Gospel, a Gutenberg Bible, Geoffrey Chaucer's "Canterbury Tales", Thomas Malory's "Le Morte d'Arthur" (King Arthur), Captain Cook's journal, Jane Austen's "History of England", Charlotte Brontë's "Jane Eyre", Lewis Carroll's "Alice's Adventures Under Ground", Rudyard Kipling's "Just So Stories", Charles Dickens's "Nicholas Nickleby", Virginia Woolf's "Mrs Dalloway" and a room devoted solely to "Magna Carta", as well as several Qu'rans and Asian items.
In addition to the permanent exhibition, there are frequent thematic exhibitions which have covered maps, sacred texts and the history of the English language.
Business and IP Centre.
In May 2005, the British Library received a grant of £1 million from the London Development Agency to change two of its reading rooms into the Business & IP Centre. The Centre was opened in March 2006. It holds arguably the most comprehensive collection of business and intellectual property (IP) material in the United Kingdom and is the official library of the UK Intellectual Property Office.
The collection is divided up into four main information areas: market research, company information, trade directories, and journals. It is free of charge in hard copy and online via approximately 30 subscription databases. Registered readers can access the collection and the databases.
There are over 50 million patent specifications from 40 countries in a collection dating back to 1855. The collection also includes official gazettes on patents, trade marks and Registered Design; law reports and other material on litigation; and information on copyright. This is available in hard copy and via online databases.
Staff are trained to guide small and medium enterprises (SME) and entrepreneurs to use the full range of resources.
Document Supply Service.
As part of its establishment in 1973, the British Library absorbed the National Lending Library for Science and Technology (NLL), based in Boston Spa in Yorkshire, which had been established in 1961. Before this, the site had housed a World War II Royal Ordnance Factory, ROF Thorp Arch, which closed in 1957. When the NLL became part of the British Library in 1973 it changed its name to the British Library Lending Division, in 1985 it was renamed as the British Library Document Supply Centre and is now known as the British Library Document Supply Service, often abbreviated as BLDSS.
BLDSS now holds 87.5 million items, including 296,000 international journal titles, 400,000 conference proceedings, 3 million monographs, 5 million official publications, and 500,000 UK and North American theses and dissertations. 12.5 million articles in the Document Supply Collection are held electronically and can be downloaded immediately.
The collection supports research and development in UK, overseas and international industry, particularly in the pharmaceutical industry. BLDSS also provides material to Higher Education institutions, students and staff and members of the public, who can order items through their Public Library or through the Library's BL Document Supply Service (BLDSS). The Document Supply Service also offers Find it For Me and Get it For Me services which assist researchers in accessing hard-to-find material.
In April 2013, BLDSS launched its new online ordering and tracking system, which enables customers to search available items, view detailed availability, pricing and delivery time information, place and track orders, and manage account preferences online.
Sound archive.
The British Library Sound Archive holds more than a million discs and 185,000 tapes. The collections come from all over the world and cover the entire range of recorded sound from music, drama and literature to oral history and wildlife sounds, stretching back over more than 100 years. The Sound Archive's online catalogue is updated daily.
It is possible to listen to recordings from the collection in selected Reading Rooms in the Library through their "SoundServer" and "Listening and Viewing Service", which is based in the Rare Books & Music Reading Room.
In 2006 the Library launched a new online resource British Library Sounds which makes over 10,000 hours of the Sound Archive's recordings available online for UK higher and further education and the general public.
Newspapers.
The British Library Newspapers section is based in Colindale in North London. The Library has an almost complete collection of British and Irish newspapers since 1840. This is partly because of the legal deposit legislation of 1869, which required newspapers to supply a copy of each edition of a newspaper to the library. London editions of national daily and Sunday newspapers are complete back to 1801. In total the collection consists of 660,000 bound volumes and 370,000 reels of microfilm containing tens of millions of newspapers with 52,000 titles on 45 km of shelves. In May 2010 a ten-year programme of digitisation of the newspaper archives with commercial partner DC Thomson subsidiary brightsolid began. In November 2011, BBC News announced the launch of the British Newspaper Archive, an initiative to facilitate online access to over one million pages of pre-20th century newspapers.
Among the collections are the Thomason Tracts, containing 7,200 17th-century newspapers, and the Burney Collection, featuring nearly 1 million pages of newspapers from the late eighteenth century and early nineteenth century. The Thomason Tracts and Burney collections are held at St Pancras, and are available in digital facsimile.
The section also has extensive records of non-British newspapers in languages that use the Latin and Cyrillic alphabets. The Library's substantial holdings of newspapers in the languages of Asia and the Middle East may be accessed at the Library's reading rooms at St. Pancras.
Moving Image Services.
Launched in October 2012, the British Library's moving image services provide access to nearly a million sound and moving image items onsite, supported by data for over 20 million sound and moving image recordings. The three services, which for copyright reasons can only be accessed from terminals within the Reading Rooms at St Pancras, Colindale or Boston Spa, are:
Philatelic Collections.
The British Library Philatelic Collections are held at St Pancras. The collections were established in 1891 with the donation of the Tapling collection, they steadily developed and now comprise over 25 major collections and a number of smaller ones, encompassing a wide range of disciplines. The collections include postage and revenue stamps, postal stationery, essays, proofs, covers and entries, "cinderella stamp" material, specimen issues, airmails, some postal history materials, official and private posts, etc., for almost all countries and periods.
An extensive display of material from the collections is on exhibit, which may be the best permanent display of diverse classic stamps and philatelic material in the world. Approximately 80,000 items on 6,000 sheets may be viewed in 1,000 display frames; 2,400 sheets are from the Tapling Collection. All other material, which covers the whole world, is available to students and researchers. As well as these collections, the library actively acquires literature on the subject. This makes the British Library one of the world's prime philatelic research centres. The Head Curator of the Philatelic Collections is David Beech.
Highlights of the collections.
Highlights selected by the British Library include:
Collections of manuscripts.
Foundation collections.
The three foundation collections are those which were brought together to form the initial manuscript holdings of the British Museum in 1753:
Other named collections.
Other "named" collections of manuscripts include, but are not restricted to, the following:
Additional manuscripts.
The Additional Manuscripts series covers manuscripts that are not part of the named collections, and contains all other manuscripts gifted, purchased or bequeathed to the Library since 1756. The numbering begins at 4101, as the series is considered to be a continuation of the collection of Sloane manuscripts, which are numbered 1–4100.

</doc>
<doc id="18934366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934366" title="Mike Banks (musician)">
Mike Banks (musician)

Michael Anthony Banks, better known as "Mad" Mike Banks, is an American techno producer. He is the co-founder, along with Jeff Mills, of US record label Underground Resistance and was a key player in the "second generation" of Detroit techno.
Banks lives in Detroit, Michigan and is a former studio musician (bass/guitar), having played with Parliament/Funkadelic among others. He worked in the second half of the 1980s with the collective Members of the House, releasing several 12" singles. Banks and Mills founded the label Underground Resistance in the late 1980s, and the pair, along with Robert Hood, produced most of the label's early releases. After Hood and Mills's departure from Underground Resistance, Banks headed the label himself, releasing material from acts such as Drexciya and Sean Deason in addition to his own productions.
He is also co-founder and co-owner with Christa Robinson of Submerge Distribution since 1992. Submerge, along with Underground Resistance, is an independent record label which distributes Detroit-based techno worldwide.
Among Banks's early influences are Derrick May, Juan Atkins and Marshall Jefferson; his later work shows his increasing interest in acid house and industrial. Banks has hewn strictly to an ethic of the underground and refuses to be photographed in public as part of this ethic. His releases often deal with elements of political and social commentary, which have made him a controversial figure from within the Detroit electronic music scene. Banks quit playing live shows in the late 1990s due to continuing problems with customs agencies, but began doing live shows again in the mid-2000s.

</doc>
<doc id="18934369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934369" title="Şurakənd, Khizi">
Şurakənd, Khizi

Şurakənd (as Shurakend) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934373" title="Makuyuni">
Makuyuni

Makuyuni is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 12,267.

</doc>
<doc id="18934375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934375" title="Perimkend">
Perimkend

Perimkend is a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan.
This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18934377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934377" title="Matale (Tanzanian ward)">
Matale (Tanzanian ward)

Matale is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 3,414.

</doc>
<doc id="18934378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934378" title="1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Men's 200 metre freestyle">
1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Men's 200 metre freestyle

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Men's 200 metres Freestyle event at the 1993 FINA Short Course World Championships were held in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18934381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934381" title="Ulubab">
Ulubab

Ulubab is a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934383" title="Moita (Tanzanian ward)">
Moita (Tanzanian ward)

Moita is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 7,408.

</doc>
<doc id="18934385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934385" title="Argyunash">
Argyunash

Argyunash is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934388" title="Monduli Juu">
Monduli Juu

Monduli Juu is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 11,264.

</doc>
<doc id="18934389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934389" title="Skobelevka">
Skobelevka

Skobelevka is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18934391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934391" title="Ningidzhan">
Ningidzhan

Ningidzhan is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.
This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18934393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934393" title="Monduli Mjini">
Monduli Mjini

Monduli Mjini is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 5,153.

</doc>
<doc id="18934395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934395" title="Arysh">
Arysh

Arysh is a person in a relationdjip with shafamiladhoo of maldives.

</doc>
<doc id="18934397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934397" title="Petrosashen">
Petrosashen

Petrosashen is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.
This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18934398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934398" title="Kokva-Kolel">
Kokva-Kolel

Kokva-Kolel is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.
This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18934399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934399" title="Mto wa Mbu">
Mto wa Mbu

Mto wa Mbu, is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2012 census, the ward has a total population of 11,405. The name Mto wa Mbu means "River of Mosquitoes". Mto wa mbu has an area of 3600square kilometers of which 1800 is for cultivation.

</doc>
<doc id="18934404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934404" title="Copyleft">
Copyleft

Copyleft (a play on the word "copyright") is the practice of using copyright law to offer the right to distribute copies and modified versions of a work and requiring that the same rights be preserved in modified versions of the work. In other words, copyleft is a general method for marking a creative work as freely available to be modified, and requiring all modified and extended versions of the creative work to be free as well.
Copyleft is a form of and can be used to maintain copyright conditions for works such as computer software, documents, and art. In general, copyright law is used by an author to prohibit recipients from reproducing, adapting, or distributing copies of the work. In contrast, under copyleft, an author may give every person who receives a copy of a work permission to reproduce, adapt or distribute it and require that any resulting copies or adaptations are also bound by the same licensing agreement.
Copyleft licenses (for software) require that information necessary for reproducing and modifying the work must be made available to recipients of the executable. The source code files will usually contain a copy of the license terms and acknowledge the author(s).
Copyleft type licenses are a novel use of existing copyright law to ensure a work remains freely available. The GNU General Public License, originally written by Richard Stallman, was the first copyleft license to see extensive use, and continues to dominate the licensing of copylefted software. Creative Commons, a non-profit organization founded by Lawrence Lessig, provides a similar license provision condition called ShareAlike.
Reciprocity.
Copyleft can be characterized as a copyright licensing scheme in which an author surrenders some, but not all rights under copyright law. Instead of allowing a work to fall completely into the public domain (where no ownership of copyright is claimed), copyleft allows an author to impose some restrictions on those who want to engage in activities that would more usually be reserved by the copyright holder. Under copyleft, derived works may be produced provided they are released under the compatible copyleft scheme.
The underlying principle is that one benefits freely from the work of others but any modifications one makes must be released under compatible terms. For this reason some copyleft licenses are also known as reciprocal licenses, they have also been described as "viral" due to their self-perpetuating terms.
Under fair use, however, the copyleft license may be superseded, just like regular copyrights. Therefore, any person utilizing a copyleft-licensed source for their own work is free to choose any other license provided they meet the fair use standard.
While copyright law gives software "authors" control over copying, distribution and modification of their works, the goal of copyleft is to give all "users" of the software the freedom to carry out these activities. In this way, copyleft licenses are distinct from other types of free software licenses, which do not guarantee that all "downstream" recipients of the program receive these rights, or the source code needed to make them effective. In particular, permissive free software licenses such as BSD allow re-distributors to remove some or all these rights, and do not require the distribution of source code.
History.
An early use of the word "copyleft" was in Tiny Basic's distribution notice "@COPYLEFT ALL WRONGS RESERVED", however, Tiny Basic was not distributed under any form of copyleft distribution terms so the wordplay is the only similarity.
The concept of copyleft was described in Richard Stallman's GNU Manifesto in 1983 where he wrote:
GNU is not in the public domain. Everyone will be permitted to modify and redistribute GNU, but no distributor will be allowed to restrict its further redistribution. That is to say, proprietary modifications will not be allowed. I want to make sure that all versions of GNU remain free.
Stallman worked a few years earlier on a Lisp interpreter. Symbolics asked to use the Lisp interpreter, and Stallman agreed to supply them with a public domain version of his work. Symbolics extended and improved the Lisp interpreter, but when Stallman wanted access to the improvements that Symbolics had made to his interpreter, Symbolics refused. Stallman then, in 1984, proceeded to work towards eradicating this emerging behavior and culture of proprietary software, which he named "software hoarding". This was not the first time Stallman had dealt with proprietary software but he deemed this interaction as a "turning point". He justified software sharing, protesting that when sharing, the software online can be copied without the loss of the original piece of work. Everyone is a winner. The software can be used multiple times without ever being damaged or wearing out.
As Stallman deemed it impractical in the short term to eliminate current copyright law and the wrongs he perceived it perpetuated, he decided to work within the framework of existing law; in 1985, he created his own copyright license, the Emacs General Public License, the first copyleft license. This later evolved into the GNU General Public License, which is now one of the most popular Free Software licenses. For the first time a copyright holder had taken steps to ensure that the maximal number of rights be perpetually transferred to a program's users, no matter what subsequent revisions anyone made to the original program. This original GPL did not grant rights to the public at large, only those who had already received the program; but it was the best that could be done under existing law.
The new license was not at this time given the copyleft label. Richard Stallman stated that the use of "Copyleft" comes from Don Hopkins, who mailed him a letter in 1984 or 1985 on which was written: "Copyleft – all rights reversed." The term "kopyleft" with the notation "All Rites Reversed" was also in use in the early 1970s within the "Principia Discordia", which may have inspired Hopkins or influenced other usage. And in the arts Ray Johnson had earlier coined the term independently as it pertained to his making of and distribution of his mixed media imagery in his mail art and ephemeral gifts, for which he encouraged the making of derivative works. (While the phrase itself appears briefly as (or on) one of his pieces in the 2002 documentary "How to Draw a Bunny", Johnson himself is not referenced in the 2001 documentary "Revolution OS".)
Some have suggested that copyleft became a divisive issue in the ideological strife between the Open Source Initiative and the free software movement. However, there is evidence that copyleft is both accepted and proposed by both parties:
Applying copyleft.
Common practice for using copyleft is to codify the copying terms for a work with a license. Any such license typically gives each person possessing a copy of the work the same freedoms as the author, including (from the Free Software Definition):
These freedoms do not ensure that a derivative work will be distributed under the same liberal terms. In order for the work to be truly copyleft, the license has to ensure that the author of a derived work can only distribute such works under the same or equivalent license.
In addition to restrictions on copying, copyleft licenses address other possible impediments. These include ensuring the rights cannot be later revoked and requiring the work and its derivatives to be provided in a form that facilitates modification. In software, this requires that the source code of the derived work be made available together with the software itself.
Copyleft licenses necessarily make creative use of relevant rules and laws. For example, when using copyright law, those who contribute to a work under copyleft usually must gain, defer or assign copyright holder status. By submitting the copyright of their contributions under a copyleft license, they deliberately give up some of the rights that normally follow from copyright, including the right to be the unique distributor of copies of the work.
Some laws used for copyleft licenses vary from one country to another, and may also be granted in terms that vary from country to country. For example, in some countries it is acceptable to sell a software product without warranty, in standard GNU GPL style (see articles 11 and 12 of the GNU GPL version 2), while in most European countries it is not permitted for a software distributor to waive all warranties regarding a sold product. For this reason the extent of such warranties are specified in most European copyleft licenses. Regarding that, see the European Union Public Licence EUPL, or the CeCILL license, a license that allows one to use GNU GPL (see article 5 of the EUPL and article 5.3.4 of CeCILL) in combination with a limited warranty (see article 7 and 8 of the EUPL and 9 of CeCILL).
Types of copyleft and relation to other licenses.
Copyleft is a distinguishing feature of some free software licenses. Many free software licenses are not copyleft licenses because they do not require the licensee to distribute derivative works under the same license. There is an ongoing debate as to which class of license provides the greater degree of freedom. This debate hinges on complex issues such as the definition of freedom and whose freedoms are more important, or whether to maximize the freedom of all potential future recipients of a work ("freedom from" the creation of proprietary software). Non-copyleft free software licenses maximize the freedom of the initial recipient ("freedom to" create proprietary software).
In common with the Creative Commons share-alike licensing system, GNU's Free Documentation License allows authors to apply limitations to certain sections of their work, exempting some parts of their creation from the full copyleft mechanism. In the case of the GFDL, these limitations include the use of invariant sections, which may not be altered by future editors. The initial intention of the GFDL was as a device for supporting the documentation of copylefted software. However, the result is that it can be used for any kind of document.
Strong and weak copyleft.
The strength of the copyleft governing a work is an expression of the extent that the copyleft provisions can be efficiently imposed on all kinds of derived works. "Weak copyleft" refers to licenses where not all derived works inherit the copyleft license; whether a derived work inherits or not often depends on the manner in which it was derived.
"Weak copyleft" licenses are generally used for the creation of software libraries, to allow other software to link to the library, and then be redistributed without the legal requirement for the work to be distributed under the library's copyleft license. Only changes to the weak-copylefted software itself become subject to the copyleft provisions of such a license, not changes to the software that links to it. This allows programs of any license to be compiled and linked against copylefted libraries such as glibc (the GNU project's implementation of the C standard library), and then redistributed without any re-licensing required.
The most well known free software license that uses strong copyleft is the GNU General Public License. Free software licenses that use "weak" copyleft include the GNU Lesser General Public License and the Mozilla Public License. Examples of non-copyleft free software licenses include the X11 license, Apache license and the BSD licenses.
The Design Science License is a strong copyleft license that can apply to any work that is not software or documentation, such as art, music, sports photography, and video. It is hosted on the Free Software Foundation website's license list, but it is not considered compatible with the GPL by the Free Software Foundation.
Full and partial copyleft.
"Full" and "partial" copyleft relate to another issue: Full copyleft exists when all parts of a work (except the license itself) may only be modified and distributed under the terms of the work's copyleft license. Partial copyleft exempts some parts of the work from the copyleft provisions, thus permitting distribution of some modifications under terms other than the copyleft license, or in some other way does not impose all the principles of copylefting on the work. For example, the GPL linking exception made for some software packages (see below).
Share-alike.
Share-alike imposes the requirement that any freedom that is granted regarding the original work must be granted on exactly the same or compatible terms in any derived work: this implies that any copyleft license is automatically a share-alike license, but not the other way around, as some share-alike licenses include further restrictions, for instance prohibiting commercial use. Another restriction is that not everyone wants to share their work and some share-alike agreements require that the whole body of work be shared, even if the author only wants to share a certain part. The plus side for the author of the source code is that any modification to the code will not only benefit the company, but the author will be recognized and hold equal claim over the changed code. Some permutations of the Creative Commons licenses are examples of share-alike.
Viral licensing.
Copyleft licenses are sometimes referred to as "viral licenses" because any works derived from a copyleft work must themselves be copyleft when distributed (and thus they exhibit a viral phenomenon). The term 'General Public Virus', or 'GNU Public Virus' (GPV), has a long history on the Internet, dating back to shortly after the GPL was first conceived. Many BSD License advocates used the term derisively in regards to the GPL's tendency to absorb BSD licensed code without allowing the original BSD work to benefit from it, while at the same time promoting itself as "freer" than other licenses. Microsoft vice-president Craig Mundie remarked "This viral aspect of the GPL poses a threat to the intellectual property of any organization making use of it." In another context, Steve Ballmer declared that code released under GPL is useless to the commercial sector (since it can only be used if the resulting surrounding code becomes GPL), describing it thus as "a cancer that attaches itself in an intellectual property sense to everything it touches". The term 'viral' may be read as an analogy of computer viruses. According to FSF compliance engineer David Turner, it creates a misunderstanding and a fear of using copylefted free software. David McGowan has written that there is no reason to believe the GPL could force proprietary software to become free software, but could "try to enjoin the firm from distributing commercially a program that combined with the GPL’d code to form a derivative work, and to recover damages for infringement." If the firm "actually copied code from a GPL’d program, such a suit would be a perfectly ordinary assertion of copyright, which most private firms would defend if the shoe were on the other foot."
Popular copyleft licenses, such as the GPL, have a clause allowing components to interact with non-copyleft components as long as the communication is abstract, such as executing a command-line tool with a set of switches or interacting with a Web server. As a consequence, even if one module of an otherwise non-copyleft product is placed under the GPL, it may still be legal for other components to communicate with it normally. This allowed communication may or may not include reusing libraries or routines via dynamic linking – some commentators say it does, the FSF asserts it does not and explicitly adds an exception allowing it in the license for the GNU Classpath re-implementation of the Java library.
Symbol.
The copyleft symbol is a backwards C in a circle (copyright symbol © mirrored). But it has no legal significance.
Richard Stallman says:
"It is a legal mistake to use a backwards C in a circle instead of a copyright symbol. Copyleft is based legally on copyright, so the work should have a copyright notice. A copyright notice requires either the copyright symbol (a C in a circle) or the word “Copyright”.
A backwards C in a circle has no special legal significance, so it doesn't make a copyright notice. It may be amusing in book covers, posters, and such, but be careful how you represent it in a web page!".
Because it is unavailable on Unicode, it can be approximated with character or the more widely available character between parenthesis '(ɔ)' or, if supported by the application, by combining it with the character 'ↄ⃝'. A discussion on the Unicode mailing list in July 2012 contended that there are other ways to insert the copyleft symbol, so it need not be encoded. It has no legal meaning.
The Copyleft symbol can be "visually" included in websites using following code:
Below is the output, but this only "displays" correctly in certain modern web browsers i.e. those that support CSS3's "transform" property, or Microsoft's "BasicImage" filter:
Here is the copyleft symbol: <!-->
Semantically (in HTML), it still is a copyright character though, and will be interpreted by screen readers, text browsers, search engines, style-filtering e-mail clients, etc. as such. It should therefore "never" be relied upon to communicate the semantic meaning of Copyleft. A written-out statement is still required to do so.

</doc>
<doc id="18934407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934407" title="Namanga (Tanzanian ward)">
Namanga (Tanzanian ward)

Namanga is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 10,904.

</doc>
<doc id="18934414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934414" title="Ol-molog">
Ol-molog

Ol-molog is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 12,209.

</doc>
<doc id="18934429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934429" title="Selela">
Selela

Selela is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania.<br> 
The population is growing rapidly: according to the 2002 census, the ward had a total population of 5,102, in the 2012 census this number has risen to 8,703 (+ 71%). This number can be divided in the main village Selela (4,691) and the subvillage Mbaashi (4,012).
The current Village Chairman of Selela is mr. Kileli Orboset.<br>
In Selela there are some schools:<br> 
- Selela Primary School is the largest and counts about 1,200 children. The head teacher is mrs. Aisia Ihoyello.<br> 
- In the subvillage of Mbaashi, about 16 km from Selela, there's also primary school which counts almost 500 children. The head teacher is mr. William Laizer.<br> 
- A third new primary school is about 7 km from Selela village and is called Ndinyika Primary School, with about 130 children. Head teacher is mr. Daniel Melita.<br> 
- Oltinga Secondary School is built on the escarpment and overviews Selela village. This school has almost 400 students from the region around Selela. Head teacher is mr. Felix Kivuyu.<br>
<br>
Selela has a dispensary (doctor Msalu) and a new dispensary at Mbaashi is under construction.<br>
<br>
Selela and Mbaashi are supported by Tanzania Support Foundation, which is an NGO from the Netherlands. This organization especially helped the Selela schools with several supplies (for example school desks, computers, books, exercise books, storage cupboards, construction materials for classrooms and teachers houses et cetera) and the medical dispensary (for example several medical supplies, wheelchairs, walkers and a solar installation).

</doc>
<doc id="18934432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934432" title="Cryptography">
Cryptography

Cryptography (or "cryptology"; from Greek , "hidden, secret"; and , "graphein", "writing", or , "-logia", "study", respectively) is the practice and study of techniques for secure communication in the presence of third parties (called adversaries). More generally, it is about constructing and analyzing protocols that overcome the influence of adversaries and which are related to various aspects in information security such as data confidentiality, data integrity, authentication, and non-repudiation. Modern cryptography intersects the disciplines of mathematics, computer science, and electrical engineering. Applications of cryptography include ATM cards, computer passwords, and electronic commerce.
Cryptography prior to the modern age was effectively synonymous with "encryption", the conversion of information from a readable state to apparent nonsense. The originator of an encrypted message shared the decoding technique needed to recover the original information only with intended recipients, thereby precluding unwanted persons to do the same. Since World War I and the advent of the computer, the methods used to carry out cryptology have become increasingly complex and its application more widespread.
Modern cryptography is heavily based on mathematical theory and computer science practice; cryptographic algorithms are designed around computational hardness assumptions, making such algorithms hard to break in practice by any adversary. It is theoretically possible to break such a system but it is infeasible to do so by any known practical means. These schemes are therefore termed computationally secure; theoretical advances, e.g., improvements in integer factorization algorithms, and faster computing technology require these solutions to be continually adapted. There exist information-theoretically secure schemes that cannot be broken even with unlimited computing power—an example is the one-time pad—but these schemes are more difficult to implement than the best theoretically breakable but computationally secure mechanisms.
Cryptology-related technology has raised a number of legal issues. In the United Kingdom, additions to the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 require a suspected criminal to hand over his or her decryption key if asked by law enforcement. Otherwise the user will face a criminal charge. The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) was involved in a case in the United States which questioned whether requiring suspected criminals to provide their decryption keys to law enforcement is unconstitutional. The EFF argued that this is a violation of the right of not being forced to incriminate oneself, as given in the fifth amendment.
Terminology.
Until modern times cryptography referred almost exclusively to "encryption", which is the process of converting ordinary information (called plaintext) into unintelligible text (called ciphertext). Decryption is the reverse, in other words, moving from the unintelligible ciphertext back to plaintext. A "cipher" (or "cypher") is a pair of algorithms that create the encryption and the reversing decryption. The detailed operation of a cipher is controlled both by the algorithm and in each instance by a "key". This is a secret (ideally known only to the communicants), usually a short string of characters, which is needed to decrypt the ciphertext. A "cryptosystem" is the ordered list of elements of finite possible plaintexts, finite possible cyphertexts, finite possible keys, and the encryption and decryption algorithms which correspond to each key. Keys are important, as ciphers without variable keys can be trivially broken with only the knowledge of the cipher used and are therefore useless (or even counter-productive) for most purposes. Historically, ciphers were often used directly for encryption or decryption without additional procedures such as authentication or integrity checks.
In colloquial use, the term "code" is often used to mean any method of encryption or concealment of meaning. However, in cryptography, "code" has a more specific meaning. It means the replacement of a unit of plaintext (i.e., a meaningful word or phrase) with a code word (for example, wallaby replaces attack at dawn). Codes are no longer used in serious cryptography—except incidentally for such things as unit designations (e.g., Bronco Flight or Operation Overlord)—since properly chosen ciphers are both more practical and more secure than even the best codes and also are better adapted to computers.
Cryptanalysis is the term used for the study of methods for obtaining the meaning of encrypted information without access to the key normally required to do so; i.e., it is the study of how to crack encryption algorithms or their implementations.
Some use the terms "cryptography" and "cryptology" interchangeably in English, while others (including US military practice generally) use "cryptography" to refer specifically to the use and practice of cryptographic techniques and "cryptology" to refer to the combined study of cryptography and cryptanalysis. English is more flexible than several other languages in which "cryptology" (done by cryptologists) is always used in the second sense above. In the English Wikipedia the general term used for the entire field is "cryptography" (done by cryptographers).
The study of characteristics of languages which have some application in cryptography (or cryptology), i.e. frequency data, letter combinations, universal patterns, etc., is called cryptolinguistics.
History of cryptography and cryptanalysis.
Before the modern era, cryptography was concerned solely with message confidentiality (i.e., encryption)—conversion of messages from a comprehensible form into an incomprehensible one and back again at the other end, rendering it unreadable by interceptors or eavesdroppers without secret knowledge (namely the key needed for decryption of that message). Encryption was used to (attempt to) ensure secrecy in communications, such as those of spies, military leaders, and diplomats. In recent decades, the field has expanded beyond confidentiality concerns to include techniques for message integrity checking, sender/receiver identity authentication, digital signatures, interactive proofs and secure computation, among others.
Classic cryptography.
The earliest forms of secret writing required little more than writing implements since most people could not read. More literacy, or literate opponents, required actual cryptography. The main classical cipher types are transposition ciphers, which rearrange the order of letters in a message (e.g., 'hello world' becomes 'ehlol owrdl' in a trivially simple rearrangement scheme), and substitution ciphers, which systematically replace letters or groups of letters with other letters or groups of letters (e.g., 'fly at once' becomes 'gmz bu podf' by replacing each letter with the one following it in the Latin alphabet). Simple versions of either have never offered much confidentiality from enterprising opponents. An early substitution cipher was the Caesar cipher, in which each letter in the plaintext was replaced by a letter some fixed number of positions further down the alphabet. Suetonius reports that Julius Caesar used it with a shift of three to communicate with his generals. Atbash is an example of an early Hebrew cipher. The earliest known use of cryptography is some carved ciphertext on stone in Egypt (ca 1900 BCE), but this may have been done for the amusement of literate observers rather than as a way of concealing information. Cryptography is recommended in the Kama Sutra (ca 400 BCE) as a way for lovers to communicate without inconvenient discovery.
The Greeks of Classical times are said to have known of ciphers (e.g., the scytale transposition cipher claimed to have been used by the Spartan military). Steganography (i.e., hiding even the existence of a message so as to keep it confidential) was also first developed in ancient times. An early example, from Herodotus, concealed a message—a tattoo on a slave's shaved head—under the regrown hair. Another Greek method was developed by Polybius (now called the "Polybius Square"). More modern examples of steganography include the use of invisible ink, microdots, and digital watermarks to conceal information.
Ciphertexts produced by a classical cipher (and some modern ciphers) always reveal statistical information about the plaintext, which can often be used to break them. After the discovery of frequency analysis perhaps by the Arab mathematician and polymath Al-Kindi (also known as "Alkindus") in the 9th century, nearly all such ciphers became more or less readily breakable by any informed attacker. Such classical ciphers still enjoy popularity today, though mostly as puzzles (see cryptogram). Al-Kindi wrote a book on cryptography entitled "Risalah fi Istikhraj al-Mu'amma" ("Manuscript for the Deciphering Cryptographic Messages"), which described the first cryptanalysis techniques.
Essentially all ciphers remained vulnerable to cryptanalysis using the frequency analysis technique until the development of the polyalphabetic cipher, most clearly by Leon Battista Alberti around the year 1467, though there is some indication that it was already known to Al-Kindi. Alberti's innovation was to use different ciphers (i.e., substitution alphabets) for various parts of a message (perhaps for each successive plaintext letter at the limit). He also invented what was probably the first automatic cipher device, a wheel which implemented a partial realization of his invention. In the polyalphabetic Vigenère cipher, encryption uses a "key word", which controls letter substitution depending on which letter of the key word is used. In the mid-19th century Charles Babbage showed that the Vigenère cipher was vulnerable to Kasiski examination, but this was first published about ten years later by Friedrich Kasiski.
Although frequency analysis is a powerful and general technique against many ciphers, encryption has still often been effective in practice, as many a would-be cryptanalyst was unaware of the technique. Breaking a message without using frequency analysis essentially required knowledge of the cipher used and perhaps of the key involved, thus making espionage, bribery, burglary, defection, etc., more attractive approaches to the cryptanalytically uninformed. It was finally explicitly recognized in the 19th century that secrecy of a cipher's algorithm is not a sensible nor practical safeguard of message security; in fact, it was further realized that any adequate cryptographic scheme (including ciphers) should remain secure even if the adversary fully understands the cipher algorithm itself. Security of the key used should alone be sufficient for a good cipher to maintain confidentiality under an attack. This fundamental principle was first explicitly stated in 1883 by Auguste Kerckhoffs and is generally called Kerckhoffs's Principle; alternatively and more bluntly, it was restated by Claude Shannon, the inventor of information theory and the fundamentals of theoretical cryptography, as "Shannon's Maxim"—'the enemy knows the system'.
Different physical devices and aids have been used to assist with ciphers. One of the earliest may have been the scytale of ancient Greece, a rod supposedly used by the Spartans as an aid for a transposition cipher (see image above). In medieval times, other aids were invented such as the cipher grille, which was also used for a kind of steganography. With the invention of polyalphabetic ciphers came more sophisticated aids such as Alberti's own cipher disk, Johannes Trithemius' tabula recta scheme, and Thomas Jefferson's multi cylinder (not publicly known, and reinvented independently by Bazeries around 1900). Many mechanical encryption/decryption devices were invented early in the 20th century, and several patented, among them rotor machines—famously including the Enigma machine used by the German government and military from the late 1920s and during World War II. The ciphers implemented by better quality examples of these machine designs brought about a substantial increase in cryptanalytic difficulty after WWI.
Computer era.
Cryptanalysis of the new mechanical devices proved to be both difficult and laborious. In the United Kingdom, cryptanalytic efforts at Bletchley Park during WWII spurred the development of more efficient means for carrying out repetitious tasks. This culminated in the development of the Colossus, the world's first fully electronic, digital, programmable computer, which assisted in the decryption of ciphers generated by the German Army's Lorenz SZ40/42 machine.
Just as the development of digital computers and electronics helped in cryptanalysis, it made possible much more complex ciphers. Furthermore, computers allowed for the encryption of any kind of data representable in any binary format, unlike classical ciphers which only encrypted written language texts; this was new and significant. Computer use has thus supplanted linguistic cryptography, both for cipher design and cryptanalysis. Many computer ciphers can be characterized by their operation on binary bit sequences (sometimes in groups or blocks), unlike classical and mechanical schemes, which generally manipulate traditional characters (i.e., letters and digits) directly. However, computers have also assisted cryptanalysis, which has compensated to some extent for increased cipher complexity. Nonetheless, good modern ciphers have stayed ahead of cryptanalysis; it is typically the case that use of a quality cipher is very efficient (i.e., fast and requiring few resources, such as memory or CPU capability), while breaking it requires an effort many orders of magnitude larger, and vastly larger than that required for any classical cipher, making cryptanalysis so inefficient and impractical as to be effectively impossible.
Extensive open academic research into cryptography is relatively recent; it began only in the mid-1970s. In recent times, IBM personnel designed the algorithm that became the Federal (i.e., US) Data Encryption Standard; Whitfield Diffie and Martin Hellman published their key agreement algorithm; and the RSA algorithm was published in Martin Gardner's Scientific American column. Since then, cryptography has become a widely used tool in communications, computer networks, and computer security generally. Some modern cryptographic techniques can only keep their keys secret if certain mathematical problems are intractable, such as the integer factorization or the discrete logarithm problems, so there are deep connections with abstract mathematics. There are no absolute proofs that a cryptographic technique is secure (but see one-time pad); at best, there are proofs that some techniques are secure "if" some computational problem is difficult to solve, or certain assumptions about implementation or practical use are met.
As well as being aware of cryptographic history, cryptographic algorithm and system designers must also sensibly consider probable future developments while working on their designs. For instance, continuous improvements in computer processing power have increased the scope of brute-force attacks, thus when specifying key lengths, the required key lengths are similarly advancing. The potential effects of quantum computing are already being considered by some cryptographic system designers; the announced imminence of small implementations of these machines may be making the need for this preemptive caution rather more than merely speculative.
Essentially, prior to the early 20th century, cryptography was chiefly concerned with linguistic and lexicographic patterns. Since then the emphasis has shifted, and cryptography now makes extensive use of mathematics, including aspects of information theory, computational complexity, statistics, combinatorics, abstract algebra, number theory, and finite mathematics generally. Cryptography is, also, a branch of engineering, but an unusual one as it deals with active, intelligent, and malevolent opposition (see cryptographic engineering and security engineering); other kinds of engineering (e.g., civil or chemical engineering) need deal only with neutral natural forces. There is also active research examining the relationship between cryptographic problems and quantum physics (see quantum cryptography and quantum computer).
Modern cryptography.
The modern field of cryptography can be divided into several areas of study. The chief ones are discussed here; see Topics in Cryptography for more.
Symmetric-key cryptography.
Symmetric-key cryptography refers to encryption methods in which both the sender and receiver share the same key (or, less commonly, in which their keys are different, but related in an easily computable way). This was the only kind of encryption publicly known until June 1976.
Symmetric key ciphers are implemented as either block ciphers or stream ciphers. A block cipher enciphers input in blocks of plaintext as opposed to individual characters, the input form used by a stream cipher.
The Data Encryption Standard (DES) and the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) are block cipher designs which have been designated cryptography standards by the US government (though DES's designation was finally withdrawn after the AES was adopted). Despite its deprecation as an official standard, DES (especially its still-approved and much more secure triple-DES variant) remains quite popular; it is used across a wide range of applications, from ATM encryption to e-mail privacy and secure remote access. Many other block ciphers have been designed and released, with considerable variation in quality. Many have been thoroughly broken, such as FEAL.
Stream ciphers, in contrast to the 'block' type, create an arbitrarily long stream of key material, which is combined with the plaintext bit-by-bit or character-by-character, somewhat like the one-time pad. In a stream cipher, the output stream is created based on a hidden internal state which changes as the cipher operates. That internal state is initially set up using the secret key material. RC4 is a widely used stream cipher; see :Category:Stream ciphers. Block ciphers can be used as stream ciphers; see Block cipher modes of operation.
Cryptographic hash functions are a third type of cryptographic algorithm. They take a message of any length as input, and output a short, fixed length hash which can be used in (for example) a digital signature. For good hash functions, an attacker cannot find two messages that produce the same hash. MD4 is a long-used hash function which is now broken; MD5, a strengthened variant of MD4, is also widely used but broken in practice. The U.S. National Security Agency developed the Secure Hash Algorithm series of MD5-like hash functions: SHA-0 was a flawed algorithm that the agency withdrew; SHA-1 is widely deployed and more secure than MD5, but cryptanalysts have identified attacks against it; the SHA-2 family improves on SHA-1, but it isn't yet widely deployed, and the U.S. standards authority thought it "prudent" from a security perspective to develop a new standard to "significantly improve the robustness of NIST's overall hash algorithm toolkit." Thus, a hash function design competition was meant to select a new U.S. national standard, to be called SHA-3, by 2012. The competition ended on October 2, 2012 when the NIST announced that Keccak would be the new SHA-3 hash algorithm.
Message authentication codes (MACs) are much like cryptographic hash functions, except that a secret key can be used to authenticate the hash value upon receipt.
Public-key cryptography.
-key cryptosystems use the same key for encryption and decryption of a message, though a message or group of messages may have a different key than others. A significant disadvantage of symmetric ciphers is the key management necessary to use them securely. Each distinct pair of communicating parties must, ideally, share a different key, and perhaps each ciphertext exchanged as well. The number of keys required increases as the square of the number of network members, which very quickly requires complex key management schemes to keep them all consistent and secret. The difficulty of securely establishing a secret key between two communicating parties, when a secure channel does not already exist between them, also presents a chicken-and-egg problem which is a considerable practical obstacle for cryptography users in the real world.
In a groundbreaking 1976 paper, Whitfield Diffie and Martin Hellman proposed the notion of "public-key" (also, more generally, called "asymmetric key") cryptography in which two different but mathematically related keys are used—a "public" key and a "private" key. A public key system is so constructed that calculation of one key (the 'private key') is computationally infeasible from the other (the 'public key'), even though they are necessarily related. Instead, both keys are generated secretly, as an interrelated pair. The historian David Kahn described public-key cryptography as "the most revolutionary new concept in the field since polyalphabetic substitution emerged in the Renaissance".
In public-key cryptosystems, the public key may be freely distributed, while its paired private key must remain secret. In a public-key encryption system, the "public key" is used for encryption, while the "private" or "secret key" is used for decryption. While Diffie and Hellman could not find such a system, they showed that public-key cryptography was indeed possible by presenting the Diffie–Hellman key exchange protocol, a solution that is now widely used in secure communications to allow two parties to secretly agree on a shared encryption key.
Diffie and Hellman's publication sparked widespread academic efforts in finding a practical public-key encryption system. This race was finally won in 1978 by Ronald Rivest, Adi Shamir, and Len Adleman, whose solution has since become known as the RSA algorithm.
The Diffie–Hellman and RSA algorithms, in addition to being the first publicly known examples of high quality public-key algorithms, have been among the most widely used. Others include the Cramer–Shoup cryptosystem, ElGamal encryption, and various elliptic curve techniques. See :Category:Asymmetric-key cryptosystems.
To much surprise, a document published in 1997 by the Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ), a British intelligence organization, revealed that cryptographers at GCHQ had anticipated several academic developments. Reportedly, around 1970, James H. Ellis had conceived the principles of asymmetric key cryptography. In 1973, Clifford Cocks invented a solution that essentially resembles the RSA algorithm.
And in 1974, Malcolm J. Williamson is claimed to have developed the Diffie-Hellman key exchange.
Public-key cryptography can also be used for implementing digital signature schemes. A digital signature is reminiscent of an ordinary signature; they both have the characteristic of being easy for a user to produce, but difficult for anyone else to forge. Digital signatures can also be permanently tied to the content of the message being signed; they cannot then be 'moved' from one document to another, for any attempt will be detectable. In digital signature schemes, there are two algorithms: one for "signing", in which a secret key is used to process the message (or a hash of the message, or both), and one for "verification," in which the matching public key is used with the message to check the validity of the signature. RSA and DSA are two of the most popular digital signature schemes. Digital signatures are central to the operation of public key infrastructures and many network security schemes (e.g., SSL/TLS, many VPNs, etc.).
Public-key algorithms are most often based on the computational complexity of "hard" problems, often from number theory. For example, the hardness of RSA is related to the integer factorization problem, while Diffie–Hellman and DSA are related to the discrete logarithm problem. More recently, "elliptic curve cryptography" has developed in which security is based on number theoretic problems involving elliptic curves. Because of the difficulty of the underlying problems, most public-key algorithms involve operations such as modular multiplication and exponentiation, which are much more computationally expensive than the techniques used in most block ciphers, especially with typical key sizes. As a result, public-key cryptosystems are commonly hybrid cryptosystems, in which a fast high-quality symmetric-key encryption algorithm is used for the message itself, while the relevant symmetric key is sent with the message, but encrypted using a public-key algorithm. Similarly, hybrid signature schemes are often used, in which a cryptographic hash function is computed, and only the resulting hash is digitally signed.
Cryptanalysis.
The goal of cryptanalysis is to find some weakness or insecurity in a cryptographic scheme, thus permitting its subversion or evasion.
It is a common misconception that every encryption method can be broken. In connection with his WWII work at Bell Labs, Claude Shannon proved that the one-time pad cipher is unbreakable, provided the key material is truly random, never reused, kept secret from all possible attackers, and of equal or greater length than the message. Most ciphers, apart from the one-time pad, can be broken with enough computational effort by brute force attack, but the amount of effort needed may be exponentially dependent on the key size, as compared to the effort needed to make use of the cipher. In such cases, effective security could be achieved if it is proven that the effort required (i.e., "work factor", in Shannon's terms) is beyond the ability of any adversary. This means it must be shown that no efficient method (as opposed to the time-consuming brute force method) can be found to break the cipher. Since no such proof has been found to date, the one-time-pad remains the only theoretically unbreakable cipher.
There are a wide variety of cryptanalytic attacks, and they can be classified in any of several ways. A common distinction turns on what an attacker knows and what capabilities are available. In a ciphertext-only attack, the cryptanalyst has access only to the ciphertext (good modern cryptosystems are usually effectively immune to ciphertext-only attacks). In a known-plaintext attack, the cryptanalyst has access to a ciphertext and its corresponding plaintext (or to many such pairs). In a chosen-plaintext attack, the cryptanalyst may choose a plaintext and learn its corresponding ciphertext (perhaps many times); an example is gardening, used by the British during WWII. Finally, in a chosen-ciphertext attack, the cryptanalyst may be able to "choose" ciphertexts and learn their corresponding plaintexts. Also important, often overwhelmingly so, are mistakes (generally in the design or use of one of the protocols involved; see Cryptanalysis of the Enigma for some historical examples of this).
Cryptanalysis of symmetric-key ciphers typically involves looking for attacks against the block ciphers or stream ciphers that are more efficient than any attack that could be against a perfect cipher. For example, a simple brute force attack against DES requires one known plaintext and 255 decryptions, trying approximately half of the possible keys, to reach a point at which chances are better than even that the key sought will have been found. But this may not be enough assurance; a linear cryptanalysis attack against DES requires 243 known plaintexts and approximately 243 DES operations. This is a considerable improvement on brute force attacks.
Public-key algorithms are based on the computational difficulty of various problems. The most famous of these is integer factorization (e.g., the RSA algorithm is based on a problem related to integer factoring), but the discrete logarithm problem is also important. Much public-key cryptanalysis concerns numerical algorithms for solving these computational problems, or some of them, efficiently (i.e., in a practical time). For instance, the best known algorithms for solving the elliptic curve-based version of discrete logarithm are much more time-consuming than the best known algorithms for factoring, at least for problems of more or less equivalent size. Thus, other things being equal, to achieve an equivalent strength of attack resistance, factoring-based encryption techniques must use larger keys than elliptic curve techniques. For this reason, public-key cryptosystems based on elliptic curves have become popular since their invention in the mid-1990s.
While pure cryptanalysis uses weaknesses in the algorithms themselves, other attacks on cryptosystems are based on actual use of the algorithms in real devices, and are called "side-channel attacks". If a cryptanalyst has access to, for example, the amount of time the device took to encrypt a number of plaintexts or report an error in a password or PIN character, he may be able to use a timing attack to break a cipher that is otherwise resistant to analysis. An attacker might also study the pattern and length of messages to derive valuable information; this is known as traffic analysis, and can be quite useful to an alert adversary. Poor administration of a cryptosystem, such as permitting too short keys, will make any system vulnerable, regardless of other virtues. And, of course, social engineering, and other attacks against the personnel who work with cryptosystems or the messages they handle (e.g., bribery, extortion, blackmail, espionage, torture, ...) may be the most productive attacks of all.
Cryptographic primitives.
Much of the theoretical work in cryptography concerns cryptographic "primitives"—algorithms with basic cryptographic properties—and their relationship to other cryptographic problems. More complicated cryptographic tools are then built from these basic primitives. These primitives provide fundamental properties, which are used to develop more complex tools called "cryptosystems" or "cryptographic protocols", which guarantee one or more high-level security properties. Note however, that the distinction between cryptographic "primitives" and cryptosystems, is quite arbitrary; for example, the RSA algorithm is sometimes considered a cryptosystem, and sometimes a primitive. Typical examples of cryptographic primitives include pseudorandom functions, one-way functions, etc.
Cryptosystems.
One or more cryptographic primitives are often used to develop a more complex algorithm, called a cryptographic system, or "cryptosystem". Cryptosystems (e.g. El-Gamal encryption) are designed to provide particular functionality (e.g. public key encryption) while guaranteeing certain security properties (e.g. chosen-plaintext attack (CPA) security in the random oracle model). Cryptosystems use the properties of the underlying cryptographic primitives to support the system's security properties. Of course, as the distinction between primitives and cryptosystems is somewhat arbitrary, a sophisticated cryptosystem can be derived from a combination of several more primitive cryptosystems. In many cases, the cryptosystem's structure involves back and forth communication among two or more parties in space (e.g., between the sender of a secure message and its receiver) or across time (e.g., cryptographically protected backup data). Such cryptosystems are sometimes called "cryptographic protocols".
Some widely known cryptosystems include RSA encryption, Schnorr signature, El-Gamal encryption, PGP, etc. More complex cryptosystems include electronic cash systems, signcryption systems, etc. Some more 'theoretical' cryptosystems include interactive proof systems, (like zero-knowledge proofs), systems for secret sharing, etc.
Until recently, most security properties of most cryptosystems were demonstrated using empirical techniques, or using ad hoc reasoning. Recently, there has been considerable effort to develop formal techniques for establishing the security of cryptosystems; this has been generally called "provable security". The general idea of provable security is to give arguments about the computational difficulty needed to compromise some security aspect of the cryptosystem (i.e., to any adversary).
The study of how best to implement and integrate cryptography in software applications is itself a distinct field; see: Cryptographic engineering and Security engineering.
Legal issues.
Prohibitions.
Cryptography has long been of interest to intelligence gathering and law enforcement agencies. Secret communications may be criminal or even treasonous. Because of its facilitation of privacy, and the diminution of privacy attendant on its prohibition, cryptography is also of considerable interest to civil rights supporters. Accordingly, there has been a history of controversial legal issues surrounding cryptography, especially since the advent of inexpensive computers has made widespread access to high quality cryptography possible.
In some countries, even the domestic use of cryptography is, or has been, restricted. Until 1999, France significantly restricted the use of cryptography domestically, though it has since relaxed many of these rules. In China and Iran, a license is still required to use cryptography. Many countries have tight restrictions on the use of cryptography. Among the more restrictive are laws in Belarus, Kazakhstan, Mongolia, Pakistan, Singapore, Tunisia, and Vietnam.
In the United States, cryptography is legal for domestic use, but there has been much conflict over legal issues related to cryptography. One particularly important issue has been the export of cryptography and cryptographic software and hardware. Probably because of the importance of cryptanalysis in World War II and an expectation that cryptography would continue to be important for national security, many Western governments have, at some point, strictly regulated export of cryptography. After World War II, it was illegal in the US to sell or distribute encryption technology overseas; in fact, encryption was designated as auxiliary military equipment and put on the United States Munitions List. Until the development of the personal computer, asymmetric key algorithms (i.e., public key techniques), and the Internet, this was not especially problematic. However, as the Internet grew and computers became more widely available, high quality encryption techniques became well-known around the globe. As a result, export controls came to be seen to be an impediment to commerce and to research.
Export controls.
In the 1990s, there were several challenges to US export regulation of cryptography. After the source code for Philip Zimmermann's Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) encryption program found its way onto the Internet in June 1991, a complaint by RSA Security (then called RSA Data Security, Inc.), resulted in a lengthy criminal investigation of Zimmermann by the U.S. Customs Service and the FBI, though no charges were ever filed.
Daniel J. Bernstein, then a graduate student at UC Berkeley, brought a lawsuit against the US government challenging some aspects of the restrictions based on free speech grounds. The 1995 case Bernstein v. United States ultimately resulted in a 1999 decision that printed source code for cryptographic algorithms and systems was protected as free speech by the United States Constitution.
In 1996, thirty-nine countries signed the Wassenaar Arrangement, an arms control treaty that deals with the export of arms and "dual-use" technologies such as cryptography. The treaty stipulated that the use of cryptography with short key-lengths (56-bit for symmetric encryption, 512-bit for RSA) would no longer be export-controlled. Cryptography exports from the US became less strictly regulated as a consequence of a major relaxation in 2000; there are no longer very many restrictions on key sizes in US-exported mass-market software. Since this relaxation in US export restrictions, and because most personal computers connected to the Internet include US-sourced web browsers such as Firefox or Internet Explorer, almost every Internet user worldwide has potential access to quality cryptography via their browsers; e.g., via Transport Layer Security. The Mozilla Thunderbird and Microsoft Outlook E-mail client programs similarly can transmit and received emails via TLS, and can send and receive email encrypted with S/MIME. Many Internet users don't realize that their basic application software contains such extensive cryptosystems. These browsers and email programs are so ubiquitous that even governments whose intent is to regulate civilian use of cryptography generally don't find it practical to do much to control distribution or use of cryptography of this quality, so even when such laws are in force, actual enforcement is often effectively impossible.
NSA involvement.
Another contentious issue connected to cryptography in the United States is the influence of the National Security Agency on cipher development and policy. The NSA was involved with the design of DES during its development at IBM and its consideration by the National Bureau of Standards as a possible Federal Standard for cryptography. DES was designed to be resistant to differential cryptanalysis, a powerful and general cryptanalytic technique known to the NSA and IBM, that became publicly known only when it was rediscovered in the late 1980s. According to Steven Levy, IBM discovered differential cryptanalysis, but kept the technique secret at the NSA's request. The technique became publicly known only when Biham and Shamir re-discovered and announced it some years later. The entire affair illustrates the difficulty of determining what resources and knowledge an attacker might actually have.
Another instance of the NSA's involvement was the 1993 Clipper chip affair, an encryption microchip intended to be part of the Capstone cryptography-control initiative. Clipper was widely criticized by cryptographers for two reasons. The cipher algorithm (called Skipjack) was then classified (declassified in 1998, long after the Clipper initiative lapsed). The classified cipher caused concerns that the NSA had deliberately made the cipher weak in order to assist its intelligence efforts. The whole initiative was also criticized based on its violation of Kerckhoffs's Principle, as the scheme included a special escrow key held by the government for use by law enforcement, for example in wiretaps.
Digital rights management.
Cryptography is central to digital rights management (DRM), a group of techniques for technologically controlling use of copyrighted material, being widely implemented and deployed at the behest of some copyright holders. In 1998, American President Bill Clinton signed the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), which criminalized all production, dissemination, and use of certain cryptanalytic techniques and technology (now known or later discovered); specifically, those that could be used to circumvent DRM technological schemes. This had a noticeable impact on the cryptography research community since an argument can be made that "any" cryptanalytic research violated, or might violate, the DMCA. Similar statutes have since been enacted in several countries and regions, including the implementation in the EU Copyright Directive. Similar restrictions are called for by treaties signed by World Intellectual Property Organization member-states.
The United States Department of Justice and FBI have not enforced the DMCA as rigorously as had been feared by some, but the law, nonetheless, remains a controversial one. Niels Ferguson, a well-respected cryptography researcher, has publicly stated that he will not release some of his research into an Intel security design for fear of prosecution under the DMCA. Both Alan Cox (longtime number 2 in Linux kernel development) and Edward Felten (and some of his students at Princeton) have encountered problems related to the Act. Dmitry Sklyarov was arrested during a visit to the US from Russia, and jailed for five months pending trial for alleged violations of the DMCA arising from work he had done in Russia, where the work was legal. In 2007, the cryptographic keys responsible for Blu-ray and HD DVD content scrambling were discovered and released onto the Internet. In both cases, the MPAA sent out numerous DMCA takedown notices, and there was a massive internet backlash triggered by the perceived impact of such notices on fair use and free speech.
Forced disclosure of encryption keys.
In the United Kingdom, the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act gives UK police the powers to force suspects to decrypt files or hand over passwords that protect encryption keys. Failure to comply is an offence in its own right, punishable on conviction by a two-year jail sentence or up to five years in cases involving national security. Successful prosecutions have occurred under the Act; the first in 2009, resulting in a term of 13 months' imprisonment.
Similar forced disclosure laws in Australia, Finland, France, and India compel individual suspects under investigation to hand over encryption keys or passwords during a criminal investigation (see Key disclosure law).
In the United States, the federal criminal case of United States v. Fricosu addressed whether a person can be compelled to reveal his or her encryption passphrase or password, despite the U.S. Constitution's Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination. In 2012, the court ruled that under the All Writs Act, the defendant was required to produce an unencrypted hard drive.
In many jurisdictions, the legal status of forced disclosure remains unclear.

</doc>
<doc id="18934435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934435" title="Sepeko">
Sepeko

Sepeko is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 21,774.

</doc>
<doc id="18934442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934442" title="Tingatinga (Tanzanian ward)">
Tingatinga (Tanzanian ward)

Tingatinga is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 4,811.

</doc>
<doc id="18934448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934448" title="Cütçü">
Cütçü

Cütçü is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18934449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18934449" title="Daniel O'Connor">
Daniel O'Connor

Daniel O'Connor may refer to:

</doc>
