<doc id="19046366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046366" title="Yakov Zhilinskiy">
Yakov Zhilinskiy

Yakov Zhilinski ( March 15, 1853 – 1918) was Chief of Staff of the Imperial Russian Army in Manchuria during the Russo-Japanese War, Governor-General of Warsaw, and Chief of Staff of all Russian forces until 1914, and thereafter a field commander during the first year of World War I until he was relieved of command.
Biography.
Zhilinsky was born into a family of minor nobility from Mikhaylov, Ryazan Oblast. . He graduated from the Nicholas Cavalry School in St. Petersburg in 1876, and was assigned to the Horse Guards Regiment of the Imperial Guard as a cornet. In 1883, he graduated from General Staff Academy, and after serving as a senior aide to the staff of the 1st Grenadier Division, he served from February 14, 1894 on the Military Scientific Committee of the General Staff, a military intelligence organization responsible for the study of foreign countries.
During the Spanish-American War Zhilinsky was Russian military observer with the Spanish Army in Cuba. On his return, he published a book on the war, which analyzed the causes of the defeat of Spain. In 1899, Zhilinsky served as a member of Russian delegation at the Hague Peace Conference. He was appointed commander of the 52nd Dragoons Regiment from August 1899. In 1900, he was promoted to the rank of major general and was appointed Quartermaster general.
In the Russo-Japanese War (1904–1905), Zhilinsky was Chief of Staff to the Viceroy of the Far East, Admiral Yevgeni Alexeyev, until Alexeyev was dismissed in October 1904. He remained in the combat zone to serve the Minister of War, Aleksey Kuropatkin until the end of the conflict. From January 27, 1906 he was commander of the 14th Cavalry Division in Poland, and from July 7, 1907 of the 10th Army Corps. Promoted to Cavalry general on April 18, 1910, Zhilinsky was appointed commander of the Warsaw Military District and Governor-General of Warsaw in 1911.
Zhilinsky also served from February 22, 1911 to March 4, 1914 as Chief of Staff of the Imperial Russian Army. At the beginning of World War I, he assumed command of the Northwestern Front. The Northwestern Front included the 1st Army and 2nd Army under the command of General Paul von Rennenkampf and General Alexander Samsonov. After the unsuccessful East Prussian Campaign and the losses at the Battle of Tannenberg and the First Battle of the Masurian Lakes, he was relieved of command despite his best attempts to blame Rennenkampf for the fiasco.
Zhilinsky was sent as a military representative to France from 1915-1916. He was recalled to Russia in the autumn of 1916. On September 19, 1917, he was ordered to retire.
After the October Revolution, he attempted to flee Russia, but was captured and executed by the Bolsheviks in south Russia in 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="19046380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046380" title="Mozdok">
Mozdok

Mozdok () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="19046385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046385" title="1968–69 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1968–69 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1968-69 campaign was Town's first season under new manager Ian Greaves. He would lead Town for six seasons, including two season in the top flight. His first season saw Town finish in 6th place in the Second Division, 10 points behind second-placed Crystal Palace.
Review.
Ian Greaves was made the new manager in June 1968 and tried to improve on Town's faltering league form. He brought in new signings Terry Poole from Manchester United and Jimmy Lawson from Middlesbrough. The start to the season was in no way spectacular, with Town winning only 2 of their first 10 matches, although one of those was against eventual champions Derby County. Following that they went on a run of 6 wins out of 7, which helped Town rise the Division 2 table.
From December, Town went on a run of only 1 win in 8, but the last 2 months saw Town lose only 2 more matches from their last 13 matches, which saw Town finish in 6th place with 46 points.

</doc>
<doc id="19046388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046388" title="Georgi Voyteh">
Georgi Voyteh

Georgi Voiteh () was an 11th-century Bulgarian aristocrat from Skopje who started a major uprising against the Byzantine rule. 
History.
In 1071 Georgi Voiteh led the Bulgarian people, discontent with the Byzantine rule, in an uprising. According to the Bulgarian tradition, only a descendant of the royal family could be crowned for Tsar. As Voiteh, albeit coming from a Kavkhan family, was not from the royal family, the conspirators turned to the Prince of Zeta Michael and asked him to send his son Constantine Bodin to become receive the crown. Bodin was a Cometopuli on his mother's side. 
In 1072 in Prizren Bodin was crowned "Tsar of Bulgaria" under the name Peter III. The rebels took Skopje, the capital of the Theme of Bulgaria, where Georgi Voiteh remained as a commander while Bodin marched to Naissus. The Emperor managed to seize the town, but, in the meantime, Skopje was besieged by a large Byzantine army. Voiteh, who thought that he was unprepared to face a long siege or that he wouldn't receive help from Bodin, opened negotiations with the Byzantine general Michael Saronites and finally surrendered. He repented later of this act of cowardice and sent a secret message to Constantine Bodin suggesting that he should strike at Skopje while the Byzantines were unprepared for it. The Bulgarian Emperor headed to Skopje, but was ambushed and defeated marking the end of the uprising.
Georgi Voiteh died during his transportation to Constantinople in the same year.
Legacy.
Voyteh Point on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica is named after Georgi Voyteh.

</doc>
<doc id="19046410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046410" title="Uri Rubin">
Uri Rubin

Uri Rubin () is a Professor in the Department of Arabic and Islamic Studies at Tel Aviv University in Israel. His areas of research are early Islam (with special emphasis on the "Qur'an"), "Qur'an" exegesis (tafsir), and early Islamic tradition (sira and hadith). He has authored a number of books on the subjects, and also contributed entries to the "Encyclopaedia of Islam" and other works.
Rubin has also served on the Advisory Board for the "Encyclopaedia of the Qur'an".

</doc>
<doc id="19046419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046419" title="Bageswori, Bhaktapur">
Bageswori, Bhaktapur

Bageswori is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4438 with 771 houses.

</doc>
<doc id="19046423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046423" title="A448 road">
A448 road

The A448 is a main road in England running between Studley in Warwickshire and Kidderminster in Worcestershire.
Route.
The A448 starts at a fork junction on the A435 just to the South of Studley, heading North West into the new town of Redditch, entering Worcestershire immediately before a roundabout where it meets the A441. For the next it is concurrent with the A441, before diverging at England's only Cloverleaf interchange. From this point the A448 heads West on a dual carriageway bypassing the villages of Tardebigge and Finstall. The dual carriageway ends on a roundabout with the A38 Bromsgrove Bypass. It continues through the congested town centre and out of the other side, passing under the M5. It is now a twisty single carriageway road passing through several villages before entering Kidderminster. It crosses the A449 at traffic lights, and descends past Kidderminster station and Severn Valley Railway to meet the Ring Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19046427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046427" title="Balkot, Bagmati">
Balkot, Bagmati

Balkot is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. The 1991 Nepal census shows it had a population of 4,811 with 820 houses.

</doc>
<doc id="19046432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046432" title="Balkumari, Bhaktapur">
Balkumari, Bhaktapur

Balkumari is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8790 with 1349 houses.

</doc>
<doc id="19046435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046435" title="William W. Gosling">
William W. Gosling

William W. Gosling (1824–1883) was a Victorian landscape painter.
Career.
Gosling was one of the early painters showing influence from the Impressionists. He exhibited 13 works at the Royal Academy between 1849 and 1883, 23 at the British Institute between 1851 and 1883), and 176 at Suffolk Street at the gallery of the Society of British Artists. He was elected a member of the Royal Society of British Artists in 1854.
Some of his works may be found at the Victoria and Albert Museum and the Reading Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19046439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046439" title="Bode, Nepal">
Bode, Nepal

Bode is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6152 with 1011 houses.

</doc>
<doc id="19046441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046441" title="Maximato">
Maximato

The Maximato was a period in the historical and political development of Mexico ranging from 1928 to 1934. That period was named after Plutarco Elías Calles, who was known as the "Jefe Máximo" of the Mexican Revolution. Elías Calles was president in the period 1924-1928, but in the next six years, Calles was the de facto leader of Mexico, there were three presidents, all of them subordinate to a lesser or greater extent to Calles. The presidents and their respective mandates, are the following :
The influence of the former President ended when Lázaro Cárdenas del Río expelled him from the country in 1936.
Background.
Under Calles a constitutional change was passed that allowed for a non-consecutive reelection, and in 1928 Álvaro Obregón was elected as Elías Calles successor. However, Obregón was assassinated by José de León Toral, a Catholic militant, before he could assume power. To avoid a political vacuum, Calles named himself "Jefe Máximo", the political chieftain of Mexico and Emilio Portes Gil was appointed temporary president, although in reality he was little more than a puppet of Calles. 
The following year, Calles founded the PNR, or Partido Nacional Revolucionario, the predecessor of today's Partido Revolucionario Institucional (PRI). Officially, after 1929, Calles served as minister of war, as he continued to suppress the rebellion of the Cristero War, but a few months later after the intervention of the United States ambassador Dwight Morrow the Mexican government and the cristeros signed a peace treaty. PNR candidate Pascual Ortiz Rubio won the controversial 1929 election, in which he defeated the philosopher José Vasconcelos of the National Antireelectionist Party (PNA), whose campaign was supported mainly by university students, and Pedro Rodríguez Triana of the Mexican Communist Party (PCM). 
The election was marred by violence and fraud however, and Vasconcelos refused to accept the result. Dozens of antireelectionists were killed, and Vasconcelos decided to flee the country. During his inauguration, Ortiz Rubio was wounded in an assassination attempt by antireelectionist student Daniel Flores, who was tried and received the death penalty.
During the Maximato, Calles became increasingly authoritarian. In the early 1930s he appears to have flirted with the idea of implementing aspects of fascism in the government. After a large demonstration in 1930 the Mexican Communist Party was banned, Mexico stopped its support for the rebels of César Sandino in Nicaragua, strikes were no longer tolerated, and the government ceased redistributing lands amongst poorer peasants. Calles had once had been the candidate of the workers and at one point had used Communist unions in his campaign against competing labor organizers but later, having acquired wealth and engaging in finance, suppressed Communism. Overall the Maximato was characterized by growing polarization and radicalization on both sides of the political spectrum, with left wing and right wing groups often fighting against each other in the streets of Mexico's cities.
In 1932, Calles forced Ortiz Rubio to step down because of the latter's appointment of several anticallists in public functions. Ortiz Rubio was succeeded by Abelardo Luján Rodríguez. Although another puppet of Calles, Rodríguez was also known for his progressive reforms. Under his presidency social legislation promised by the Mexican constitution of 1917 was introduced for the first time, including a minimum wage and the 8-hour working day. Rodríguez also repealed the constitutional amendment that allowed for reelection and extended the president's term to six years. 
Rodríguez' secretary of education Narciso Bassols tried to implement a system of "socialist education", and the constitution was amended for this purpose, although it's provisions which sought to suppress religion were removed from the constitution in 1946. The introduction of sex education proved to be very controversial, and after the protestations of conservative parents, Bassols was forced to step down and socialist education was abandoned.
In 1934, Calles selected his old wartime subordinate Lázaro Cárdenas as presidential candidate, on the false assumption he could control Cárdenas as he had controlled his predecessors. Soon after his inauguration however, conflicts between Calles and Cárdenas started to arise. Calles opposed Cárdenas' support for labor unions, especially his tolerance and support for strikes, while Cárdenas opposed Calles' violent methods and his closeness to fascist organizations, most notably the Gold Shirts of general Nicolás Rodríguez Carrasco, which harassed communists, Jews and Chinese.
Cárdenas started to isolate Calles politically, removing the callistas from political posts and exiling his most powerful allies: Tomás Garrido Canabal, Fausto Topete, Emilio Portes Gil, Saturnino Cedillo, Aarón Sáenz and finally Calles himself. Calles and Luis Napoleon Morones, one of the last remaining influential callistas, were charged with conspiring to blow up a railroad and placed under arrest under the order of President Cárdenas and deported on April 9, 1936 to the United States. At the time of his arrest, he was reportedly reading a Spanish translation of "Mein Kampf".

</doc>
<doc id="19046453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046453" title="Swaledale (disambiguation)">
Swaledale (disambiguation)

Swaledale is one of the Yorkshire Dales in the United Kingdom. The name may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19046465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046465" title="Polish Radio Lwów">
Polish Radio Lwów

Polish Radio Lwów () was a station of the Polish Radio, located in the city of Lwów (now Lviv, Ukraine), which in the interbellum period belonged to the Second Polish Republic. It was regarded as the second most popular station of the Polish Radio, behind Radio Warsaw.
History.
The station was opened on January 13, 1930, during the Eastern Trade Fair. Its frequency was 795 kHz and range - 100 kilometers. Its office was located in a building at Batory 6 Street, and a Marconi transmitter, purchased in England, was placed in the complex of the Eastern Trade Fair. At first, broadcasts were daily between 17:45 and 20:00.
Broadcasts of the station were very popular across Poland, and the Wesoła Lwowska Fala, whose actors used Lwów dialect, was among top shows among Polish listeners. Polish Radio Lwow also played classical music, news, lectures and liturgical services. Among those employed at the station, there were several Polish Jews, with composer Henryk Wars and songwriter Emanuel Szlechter as the most prominent. It must also be noted that Lwów was the city with most radio owners in Poland, in mid-1939 there were around 45,000 radios, owned by its inhabitants. In the summer of 1938, construction of new office began, it was planned to be completed in mid-1940.
Following the outbreak of the World War II, the campus of the radio was bombed by the Luftwaffe on September 16, 1939 and ceased service.
On October 29, 1992, 53 years after the Polish September Campaign, another Polish-language radio station began its broadcasts in the now-Ukrainian city of Lviv. It uses equipment of a private Ukrainian station Radio Nezaleznost and its range is 1.

</doc>
<doc id="19046475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046475" title="Day Field">
Day Field

Day Field is a 5,000-capacity stadium in Ashland, Virginia on the campus of Randolph-Macon College where it serves as home to the school's football program as well as both the men's and women's lacrosse teams..
The stadium is named for benefactor Frank L. Day who donated the land it sits on in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="19046545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046545" title="Northern Mysteries">
Northern Mysteries

Northern Mysteries is a docudrama-style television program that retells some of the stranger events in Canadian history, dealing with ghosts, paranormal events, lost treasures and bizarre murders. Hosted by Kenneth Welsh each episode usually tackles two events or subjects, by discussing with Journalists, the police and eye witnesses a complete account of what happened, as well as re-enacting the events for entertainment purposes.
Original versions of each episode were released in both English and French.
List of episodes.
“Albert Ostman Bigfoot Tale” - in 1924, Albert Ostman, a Scandinavian lumberjack, chose a wild area at the head of Toba Inlet on the Powell River for a combination vacation-prospecting trip. Somewhere near, there was a lost gold mine he wanted to find. From an old Indian he hired to take him up the fjord, he 1st heard of the giant Sasquatch, a name which means “wild men of the woods.” These creatures, hairy though they were, seemed human, and would carry him off and hold him captive for 7 days.
“The Hutchison Effect” - In 1979, Hutchison claims to have discovered a number of unusual phenomena, while trying to duplicate experiments done by Nikola Tesla. He refers to several of these phenomena jointly under the name “the Hutchison effect”, including: levitation of heavy objects; fusion of dissimilar materials such as metal and wood; while lacking any displacement, the anomalous heating of metals without burning adjacent material; the spontaneous fracturing of metals; changes in the crystalline structure and physical properties of metals; disappearance of metal samples.
“Manipogo” - Manipogo, the name given to a lake monster, reported to live in Lake Manitoba, Manitoba, Canada. Sightings of this serpent like sea monster have been going on since roughly 1908. The creature was dubbed Manipogo in 1957, the name echoing British Columbia’s Ogopogo.
"Memphre of Magog Quebec" - Inland sea serpents are not unknown of in Canada. The story of the Memphe resembles very closely that of Ogopogo in central BC. Lake Memphremagog is a long finger-like running south from Magog, Quebec (near Sherbrooke) across the Canada/US border to about Newport, Vermont. Nestled in between mountains, the lake is both deep and cold. In the latter part of the 18th century stories of encounters by Indians with a giant sea creature began to emerge. In 1961 two fishermen saw a black creature about 40 feet (13 metres) long swimming, partially submerged, past their boat. In 1994 four persons in two separate boats reported a , black, three-humped creature. Is the Memphre real or just another Mystery of Canada?
"The McKay Avenue School & The Vogue Theatre" - Edmonton’s oldest surviving brick schoolhouse was the site of the first Alberta legislature in 1906-07. It was eventually to become the McKay Avenue School for young children. The sound of children laughing can still be heard in its halls. Not only are there ghostly children in this building; the eerie apparition of a man is often seen walking its halls. He is believed to be a maintenance worker who fell to his death while repairing the roof.
The Vogue Theatre opened in 1941 as a movie theatre and performing arts house. For most of its history, it actually played host to more movie showings than live performances. Nobody knows who the ghost is but, perhaps he was a performer who once played at the Vogue Theatre. Or perhaps he’s simply an audience member who, even after death, still longs to be in the limelight.
"Ambrose Small’s Ghost" - On December 2, 1919, on the day that Canadian theater tycoon Ambrose Small received a check for one million dollars, he vanished in the streets of downtown Toronto, leaving his money behind safely deposited in a nearby bank.
By 1970, the story was reaching mythical proportions: the ghost of Ambrose Small was reported haunting one of his former properties, the Grand Theater in London, Ontario and is credited to have saved the theatre’s most prominent architectural feature from unintentional demolition. The disappearance was still a big enough story in 1974, for the Toronto Sun tabloid to print a series of six full-page accounts of the case.
"MIB’s & Stepehen Michalack" - Recounting tales of Men in Black in Vancouver, and Stephen Michalack, who came across a landed UFO while on a prospecting trip to Falcon Lake, Manitoba, on Friday, May 19, 1967. The encounter would leave him ill, with strange burns on his chest.
"Esther Cox" - Hailed by many as the scariest poltergeist in Canadian history, the strange case of Esther Cox has perplexed believers in the supernatural and scientists alike. Whether it is viewed as evidence of supernatural activity, something for scientists to get their teeth into and explain logically, or just a scary tale to tell by the fire on a dark night, it is a truly disturbing case.
"Spiritualism" - Discussing, among others, Dr Thomas Glendenning Hamilton of Winnipeg and his psychic experiments which began in 1918 with the aim of investigating rappings, psychokinesis, ectoplasm and materialisations under scientific conditions that would rule out any possibility of fraud and minimize any possibility of error.
"Philip The Ghost" - In the 1970s, a group of Canadian parapsychologists wanted to attempt an experiment to create a ghost, proving their theory that the human mind can produce spirits through expectation, imagination and visualization. The experiment took place in Toronto, Canada, in 1972, under the direction of the world-renown expert on poltergeists, Dr A. R. G. Owen. What they came up with... was Philip.
"Bigfoot & Cattle Mutilation" - Exploring Bigfoot, also known as Sasquatch, an alleged ape-like creature said to inhabit remote forests, mainly in the Pacific northwest region and the Canadian province of British Columbia & Cattle mutilation which is the killing and then mutilation of cattle under unusual or anomalous circumstances.
"The Lost Lemon Mine & Oak Island" - Somewhere in south-western Alberta, in the Crowsnest Pass, close by Coleman (according to some), it is said, is a gold vein worth millions. All you have to do is find it... The Oak Island Money Pit is the site of the world’s longest running hunt for lost treasure. For hundreds of years, treasure hunters have ventured to Nova Scotia and tried to recover the treasure which is protected by a series of ingenious traps.
"Werewolves & Aliens" - Beware the ‘loup-garou’! What fearsome creature howls under the full moon? In French Canada, it can only be one thing: the legendary loup-garou, the lone werewolf of Quebec lore. Also... In 1968, In St. Joseph Du Colleran, children playing in a cemetery encountered a strange being near an odd rock which had been split open... the creature appeared for 3 days... then vanished.
"Poltergeists" - The Dagg Poltergeist was one of the wonders of the Ottawa Valley in 1889. The focus of the disturbances caused by the poltergeist (an unseen but noisy spirit) was the farmhouse of George and Susan Dagg in the village of Clarendon on the north side of the Ottawa River, near Shawville, Quebec.
"The Montreal UFO & Shag Harbour" - On Nov. 7, 1990, a woman spots a round, metallic object projecting a series of brilliant light beams while swimming in the rooftop pool of her downtown Montreal hotel. She tells the lifeguard who calls the hotel security guard, who contacts the police and a journalist from La Presse newspaper. The RCMP, the military and even NASA are called in. The aerial phenomenon lasts almost three hours from 7:20 p.m. to 10:10 p.m.
The incident sparks sensation due to the excellent documentation and the large number of very reliable witnesses. Also - The Shag Harbour Incident: the crash-landing of an unknown large object into Shag Harbour, Nova Scotia in October 1967. The crash was investigated by various Canadian government agencies, and at least one underwater search was launched to recover remains of the object. The Canadian government declared that no known aircraft was involved and the source of the crash remains unknown to this day, at least publicly. It is one of very few cases where governmental agency documents have formally declared an unidentified flying object was involved.
"Sea Creatures" - In 1937 the Naden Harbour whaling station in the Queen Charlotte Islands was abuzz with news that some flensers had discovered a strange animal in the stomach of a recently harvested whale. The creature was about 10 feet long and had odd characteristics such as a camel-like head, a long elongated body of serpentine proportions and curiously shaped fins and tail. Tragically, the tissue samples sent to Nanaimo vanished and samples sent to Victoria were wrongly identified by curator Francis Kermode. So the only tangible proof of these previously legendary animals was lost forever. However two sets of the photographs were discovered of the Cadborosaurus by Captain William Hagelund, who published them in his book “Whalers No More”.
"Occult Crimes" - Sandy Charles, who was institutionalized in 1995 after being found not criminally responsible for the slaying of a seven-year-old boy, cut and cooked strips of flesh and fat from the boy’s body in a ritual he said was inspired by the movie “Warlock.” Also - Adolfo De Jesus Constanzo, Mexican cult leader also known as El Padrino. When police raided his ranch they discovered the malodorous shed where Constanzo kept his nganga. Captive cult members directed searchers to Constanzo’s private cemetery, and excavation began revealing 15 mutilated corpses by April 16, 1989, including American student Mark Kilroy.
"The Possession of Maurice Theriault" - As a child Maurice “Frenchy” Theriault lived a hard New England life, suffering long hours working on his family farm and dealing with his father’s abusive attitude, becoming more and more violent towards his son as he became older. Frenchy began to ask for help, calling upon anyone who would help him, even unknowingly asking Satan to help him. It was also during this time that he witnessed something horrific in the farm’s barn that is never explained fully but which is only hinted at as involving sex of some kind. Frenchy was forced to watch and participate in acts. Frenchy began to notice differences in himself. He had increased strength, knowledge of things he had never learned. He eventually left and floated around New England for years. In the spring of 1985 the town noticed something unusual going on with Frenchy. Blood would randomly appear in the house and on Frenchy. His unusual strength continued. The most disturbing activity was Frenchy’s bi-location. It was decided that this was a case of possession, and Bishop Robert McKenna was called in and agreed to perform an exorcism. The exorcism was successful. There are still questions about what happened on the farm in Northern Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="19046554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046554" title="Sadkowice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Sadkowice, Łódź Voivodeship

Sadkowice is a village in Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sadkowice. It lies approximately east of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 570.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19046569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046569" title="EntitySpaces">
EntitySpaces

EntitySpaces is an object-relational mapping tool, whose architecture can be used when writing an ASP.NET, .NET Framework or .NET Compact Framework application. The architecture is provider independent, allowing developers to run the same binary code against any of the supported databases. EntitySpaces works with both C# and VB.NET and uses no reflection and no XML files.
Although EntitySpaces targets both ASP.NET and Windows.Forms projects, DotNetNuke module developers can use the architecture as an alternative to the DotNetNuke DAL. Many of the features listed below, including important ones like transactions, are not available when using the DotNetNuke DAL API.
History.
EntitySpaces, LLC.
On January 18, 2006 a filing was made for the formation of "EntitySpaces, LLC", a limited liability company. On January 23, 2006 EntitySpaces, LLC officially became a legal entity. In February, EntitySpaces, LLC put together a commercial offering for the EntitySpaces .NET architecture.
On September 21, 2012, EntitySpaces announced they would dissolve on December 31, 2012 and their products would transition to open source.
Doodads.
The dOOdads .NET Architecture was created by Mike Griffin and, in many ways, is the progenitor of EntitySpaces. During the dOOdads architecture development and evolution, a lot was learned from the community, much of which has made its way into EntitySpaces.
The dOOdads architecture is written natively in both C# and VB.NET. The dOOdads .NET architecture also comes with MyGeneration templates that generate native C# or VB.NET dOOdad classes.
The EntitySpaces binaries are written in C#. Templates are available to generate both C# and VB.NET concrete and abstract classes, so EntitySpaces is fully supported for both languages, but native VB.NET binaries are not provided.
Examples.
The following are examples of using EntitySpaces with the Northwind Database.
Querying a Collection.
This sample loads all Employees whose last name starts with “Smi”.
Saving a Collection.
Here the Employees are being transferred to Indianapolis. You never call Save on the single entity when it lives in a collection. Save will commit all modified, added, and deleted rows. 
Adding new records through a Collection.
Here two new Employees are being added and saved.
Deleting a record through a Collection.
This example demonstrates the use of FindByPrimaryKey to locate a particular Employee in the collection, then marks it as deleted, and finally saves the collection. 
If you need to delete all of the records from a table, you use the MarkAllAsDeleted method as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19046579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046579" title="Elm Thicket, Dallas">
Elm Thicket, Dallas

Elm Thicket is a neighborhood in northwest Dallas, Texas near the Love Field neighborhood.
It is also referred to residents as North Park. Traditionally, "North Park" refers to the area bounded by Lovers Lane to the north, Lemmon to the west, Mockingbird Lane to the south, and Inwood Rd. to the east. It is one of the few Minority areas of North Dallas. Elm Thicket is an area of modest and larger frame and brick single-family houses built in the 1920s through the 1950s, originally occupied by black working- and middle-class families.
Established in the Early 1960s it was a racial tense neighborhood which was divided by poor whites and well to do blacks. Through the early 70's many blacks flocked to North Park, it became a close knit community creating many businesses and revenue for the area. In the 80' there was a downfall in the area and it fell victim to a sharp increase in crime. "The area suffers a plague of dope-house crime: dealers, hookers, robbers, plain punks out in the street acting like they own the ground." It is an overwhelming majority African American and Hispanic community.
Education.
The neighborhood is served by Dallas Independent School District.
K.B Polk Elementary and Vanguard School it enrolls students in grades 1-5.
North Park is within the Dallas Independent School District.
W. T. White High School enrolls students in grades 9-12 and is a part of the Dallas Independent School District.
Famous residents.
Jason Smith NFL Player #2 Overall Draft 2009

</doc>
<doc id="19046586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046586" title="Barhiaga">
Barhiaga

Barhiaga is a town in the Manni Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,410.

</doc>
<doc id="19046587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046587" title="Changunarayan">
Changunarayan

Changunarayan is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4909 with 877 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19046600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046600" title="Chapacho">
Chapacho

Chapacho is a town in Madhyapur Thimi of Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7734 with 1186 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19046604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046604" title="Bombonyenga">
Bombonyenga

Bombonyenga is a town in the Manni Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,646.

</doc>
<doc id="19046605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046605" title="1913 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1913 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1913 was the 27th series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Kilkenny won the championship, beating Tipperary 2-4 to 1-2 in the final.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Quarter-final:" (1 match) This was a lone match between the Leinster champions and Glasgow. One team was eliminated at this stage while the winning team advanced to the semi-finals.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winning team from the lone quarter-final join Lancashire and the Connacht and Munster representatives to make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advance to the All-Ireland final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contest this game with the winners being declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19046610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046610" title="Boudangou">
Boudangou

Boudangou is a town in the Manni Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 4,653.

</doc>
<doc id="19046625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046625" title="The Forlorn Hope">
The Forlorn Hope

The Forlorn Hope is a science fiction novel by David Drake.
Plot introduction.
Set in the Hammer's Slammers universe, "The Forlorn Hope" follows the fortunes of a different mercenary company named "Fasolini's Company". On the planet Cecach, a civil war has raged between the secular Federals and their religious zealot adversaries, the Republicans. Fasolini's Company is to provide heavy support to a Federal firebase. When the firebase is cut off and surrounded by Republican troops, the Federals surrender, offering Fasolini's Company to the Republicans as part of the bargain. Since the Republicans have vowed to execute any mercenaries who fall into their hands, Fasolini's Company decides that it must flee the firebase before the Republicans arrive to take control. Fighting both the turncoat Federals and the Republicans, Fasolini's Company, with the aid of a loyal Federal logistics officer and the captain of a planet trapped interstellar freighter, must march across enemy lines to reach the safety of the intact Federal and still loyal Federal lines.
Allusions/references to actual history.
David Drake, in the link listed below, states to have been inspired by Anabasis by the Greek general/historian Xenophon.

</doc>
<doc id="19046628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046628" title="Boulyendé">
Boulyendé

Boulyendé is a town in the Manni Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,112.

</doc>
<doc id="19046629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046629" title="Milwaukee Grays all-time roster">
Milwaukee Grays all-time roster

__NOTOC__
Z.
</noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19046646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046646" title="Gare de Nantes">
Gare de Nantes

The Gare de Nantes is the principal passenger railway station serving the French city of Nantes. It is a through station aligned east-west, with entrances and station facilities on both north and south sides. The two entrances are often described as "Gare Nord" and "Gare Sud", as if they were separate stations, but they are in fact linked to each other and to all the platforms by a pedestrian subway.
Construction was started on the current station in 1965, and it was placed into service three years later. It is situated somewhat to the east of the old Gare d'Orléans, originally the Nantes station of the Chemin de Fer de Paris à Orléans, which it replaced. The southern entrance hall was opened in 1989, in time for the inauguration of the TGV Atlantique.
Line 1 of the Tramway de Nantes serves the northern hall of the station. The southern hall is served by several of the bus services of the Tan network, including the "Navette Tan Air" express shuttle service to Nantes Atlantique Airport. Across the road from the southern hall is the southern terminus of the Navibus service that operates through the St Felix canal tunnel and up the River Erdre to the University of Nantes.
Services.
The following services currently call at Nantes:

</doc>
<doc id="19046653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046653" title="Hey Boy (film)">
Hey Boy (film)

Hey Boy (; also known as "No Stealing" and "Guagilo") is a 1948 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Comencini and starring Adolfo Celi. 

</doc>
<doc id="19046658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046658" title="1901 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1901 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1901 was the 15th series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. London won the championship, beating Cork 1–5 to 0–4 in the final.
Rule change.
For the first time ever a hurling championship took place in all of the four historic provinces of Ireland - Connacht, Leinster, Munster and Ulster. For the purposes of the all GAA competitions, Britain was designated as a fifth Irish province. As a consequence, the winners of the championship in Britain would meet the winners of the championship in Ireland to decide the All-Ireland title holders.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Semi-final:" (2 matches) The four provincial representatives make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advance to the home final.
"Home final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contest this game. One team is eliminated while the winning team advances to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the home final and London, who receive a bye to this stage of the championship, contest this game. The winners are declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19046682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046682" title="1900 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1900 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1900 was the fourteenth series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Tipperary won the championship, beating London 2-5 to 0-6 in the final.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Semi-final:" (2 matches) The four provincial representatives make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advance to the home final.
"Home final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contest this game. One team is eliminated while the winning team advances to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the home final and London, who receive a bye to this stage of the championship, contest this game. The winners are declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19046709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046709" title="Hannah Thompson">
Hannah Thompson

Hannah Thompson (born November 1, 1983) is a U.S. fencer who is a member of the United States Fencing Team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she competed in the women's individual and team foil events. Thompson is 5 feet, 9 inches tall, weighs 145 pounds, and is coached by Nat Goodhartz and Gia Abushitze.

</doc>
<doc id="19046711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046711" title="Chhaling">
Chhaling

Chhaling () is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6699 with 1120 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19046721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046721" title="Ivan Nikolaev">
Ivan Nikolaev

Ivan Sergeevich Nikolaev (19011979) was a Soviet architect and educator, notable for his late 1920s constructivist architecture and later work in industrial architecture.
Life and career.
Born at Voronezh, Nikolaev trained at the Moscow State Technical University under Alexander Vesnin and Alexey Kuznetsov, graduating in 1925. His work prior to 1928 was generally unnoticed (excluding a brief apprenticeship at the 1923 national agricultural exhibition).
In 1928 Nikolaev designed a residential block in Preobrazhenskoye District of Moscow - three buildings of traditional low-cost architecture shaped as an arrow pointed at the Old Believers' Preobrazhenskoye Cemetery. In 1928-1929 he worked as construction manager, building the modernist campus of Moscow Power Engineering Institute designed by Alexey Kuznetsov; Nikolaev received a credit for this project as one of Kuznetsov's six associates.
In 1929 Nikolaev won a public contest for the Communal House of the Textile Institute - a modern campus for 2000 students. Constrained by cost and space limits, Nikolaev produced the most radical example of a communal house, where student life was subject to nearly military regulations. His ideas of reducing private living space to nothing but a sleeping cubicle without windows (the students had to keep all their earthly possessions in a separate locker room and were not allowed to enter the cubicles at daytime) was too radical even for 1920s Soviet avant-garde, so Nikolaev had to change the plans to allow marginally more breathing space to the residents. The building stands to date, vacant and expecting rehabilitation into a modern campus.
With the advent of stalinist architecture and a crackdown on independent professional unions (1932) Nikolaev, like Vesnin brothers and other OSA Group architects, switched to industrial architecture and was not involved in high-profile public projects anymore. His better known projects of 1930s-1940s were built for the textile industry, including the 1935 Kayseri Sumerbank factory in Turkey.
Nikolaev wrote a prolific number of textbooks and research books on architecture, notably "Architecture of Roman Aqueducts", and was elected as a member of Academy of Architecture in 1956. He became a member of the faculty of Moscow colleges in 1925. Eventually, Nikolaev completely dedicated himself to education, and held the chair of the director of Moscow Architectural Institute from 1958 to 1970. He died at Moscow in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19046724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046724" title="Chitpol">
Chitpol

Chitpol is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4689 with 819 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19046732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046732" title="Dadhikot">
Dadhikot

Dadhikot () is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5818 with 1031 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19046734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046734" title="Thor of Tranent">
Thor of Tranent

Thor of Tranent, also known as Thor, son of Sveinn or Thor, son of Swain (fl. 1127 x 1150), Lord of Tranent and Sheriff of Lothian, was a landlord and chieftain active in Lothian in the reign of King David I of Scotland. He is attested in a large number of charters during King David's reign in Lothian, both as a charter witness on charters granted by other patrons and on charters he himself issued. His name appears either as Thor son of Sveinn or "Thor of Tranent", the latter appellation deriving from his ownership of the "barony" of Tranent, East Lothian, lands including a wide area around the modern town, including, for instance, Prestonpans.
Charter appearances and sheriffdom.
His earliest attested appearance is probably that of 1127, when he witnessed as "Thor de Trauernent" a charter of King David granting land in Edinburgh to the church of St Cuthbert of Edinburgh. As "Thor filius Swani" (written "Thoro filio Swani"), in 1130 he witnessed a favourable grant by King David to Dunfermline Abbey regarding rights over ships trading at Inveresk, East Lothian.
In a charter issued at Stirling granting a salt pan to Kelso Abbey in 1143, he appeared as "Tor vicecomite", Thor the Sheriff. Sometime in the following year, he was at Edinburgh Castle, witnessing a grant by the king of land in Dalkeith to Holyrood Abbey.
Appearing once more as "sheriff", at an uncertain point between 1143 and 1147, he was witness to a royal grant issued at Edinburgh of a toft in the burgh of Haddington, East Lothian, to Dunfermline Abbey. During the same period, he witnessed a grant issued from the same location by Earl Henry of lands at Duddingston to Kelso Abbey.
Around 1150 he witnessed a grant by Robert, Bishop of St Andrews, passing over the church of "Lohworuora" (later renamed Borthwick, Midlothian) to Herbert, Bishop of Glasgow. There was a charter to the Manuel Priory, now lost, dating to Máel Coluim IV's reign (1153–1165), that mentions a perambulation of the lands of Manuel conducted by Thor son of Sveinn and Geoffrey de Melville.
He is almost certainly the "Durandus vicecomes", mentioned in two charters dating between 1140 and 1150, issued by king David and his son Earl Henry, granting the land of "Clerchetun" (i.e. Clerkington) to the church of St Mary of Haddington. Durand is a Normanisation of the Scandinavian name Thor.
His sheriffdom's name is unclear, and perhaps did not have one originally; at later stages it was called, variously, Edinburgh, Haddington, Lothian, and Linlithgow, and so for that reason he is sometimes called "sheriff of Lothian".
As it happens, one of Thor's own charters survive in a copy in the cartulary of Holyrood Abbey. The charter is a grant of his parish church at Tranent to that abbey, made around 1150. It was witnessed by William, Bishop of Moray, Osbern, Abbot of Jedburgh, Thor, Archdeacon of Lothian, Aiulf (Æþelwulf), Dean of Lothian, Nicholas, royal clerk (future Chamberlain of Scotland), as well as by Thor's own seneschal Gille Míchéil, and the lesser known figures "Neis flius Chiluni", Eadmund son of Forn, Bernard son of Tocce, Eadmund of "Fazeside" and perhaps a man called "Alden".
Legacy.
Three of Thor's sons are known, Sveinn, Alexander and William, all of whom appear in charters in the reign of William the Lion. His eldest son might have been Sveinn, who in addition to his estates in East Lothian appears to have become lord of Crawford in Clydesdale; Sveinn appears to have left only an heiress as his successor, the latter marrying the Anglo-French mercenary William de Lindsey, Justiciar of Lothian and ancestor of the Lindsay earls of Crawford. appeared. A "Sveinn son of Thor" was lord of Ruthven in the Angus-Gowrie borderlands.
Through his son Sveinn, Thor of Tranent is the oldest attested ancestor of the Earls of Gowrie.
His two other known sons Alexander and William both had non-Scandinavian names. Alexander seems to be the same "Alexander son of Thor" who is attested as Sheriff of Clackmannan between 11205 and 1207. Alexander's own son William was lord of Ochiltree near Binny, West Lothian.
The other son, William, was Sheriff of Stirling in a document dated c. 1165, and by 1194 at least William's son Alexander (fl. 1189 x 1223) had succeeded him. William is also known to have granted the church of Kirkintilloch in Clydesdale to Cambuskenneth Abbey, suggesting he shared in the fruits of the family's expansion into that western region.
Two settlements in Lothian, Thurston (East Lothian) and Swanston (Midlothian), mean "Thor's village" and "Sveinn's village" respectively, and were probably founded in this period. Through some unknown mechanism, in William the Lion's reign the land of Tranent was under the control of the incoming de Quincy family.

</doc>
<doc id="19046736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046736" title="Duwakot">
Duwakot

Duwakot is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5157 with 905 houses in it.
Located near the Changunarayan Temple and on the shore of holy river Manohara, Duwakot is one of the developed villages in Kathmandu Valley. It is surrounded by Changunarayan V.D.C.in north;Bhaktapur Municipality in south ; Jhaukhel V.D.C. in east and Madhyapur Thimi Municipality in west. It is about 20 km away from centre of Kathmandu. It is located on the north of the valley. About 90% of the population is educated. Most of the people are employee in government organization. Electricity facility was started from late 30's. Duwakot has 9 ward and each of the ward has asphalted road. The V.D.C. office is located at Ward No. 3. Jagaran Samuha is the oldest club of Duwakot established during early 30s. located at the border of Ward no. 4 and 6. Soccer is the favourite sport. Nepal Engineering college () and Kathmandu Medical College () are the major educational institutes located in Duwakot. The oldest High school is Shree Changunarayan Madhyamik Vidyalaya, established in 2006 B.S. The direct way to reach the school is to take no. 1 bus from Purano Bus Park, Ratnapark, Kathmandu, which has a service of 6 buses an hour and takes about 1 hour Duwakot, a beauty spot.
References.
3. http://www.kmc.edu.np

</doc>
<doc id="19046737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046737" title="Electoral district of Central Wheatbelt">
Electoral district of Central Wheatbelt

Central Wheatbelt is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Western Australia.
As the name suggests, the district is centrally located in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
Politically, Central Wheatbelt is a safe National Party seat.
History.
Central Wheatbelt was first created for the 2008 state election. It was essentially an almagamation of the abolished National-held districts of Avon and Merredin, although parts of each ended up in neighbouring districts. Roughly half the new district's voters came from each of the two former districts.
The original proposal had the newly created district persisting with the name Merredin. However, this was the focus of several objections, as Merredin is but one town in the eastern part of this sizeable electorate. Instead, the more generic name of Central Wheatbelt was adopted.
Geography.
Central Wheatbelt incorporates a number of rural inland shires to the east of Perth. Its population centres include Ballidu, Beacon, Beverley, Meckering, Merredin, Narembeen, Northam, Westonia, Wongan Hills, Wundowie, Wyalkatchem and York.

</doc>
<doc id="19046745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046745" title="Gundu, Nepal">
Gundu, Nepal

Gundu is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4887 with 866 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19046752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046752" title="Josh Roseman">
Josh Roseman

Josh Roseman (born 5 June 1967) is an American jazz trombonist. 
Roseman was born in Boston, and studied at the New England Conservatory of Music. Roseman toured Jamaica with The Skatalites and in Australia with the Christopher Hale Ensemble. He has also played with Steve Coleman, Dave Holland, Dave Douglas, Don Byron, John Zorn, Charlie Hunter, Mike Gordon, Soulive, Groove Collective, and Me'Shell Ndegeocello.
Roseman has led sessions for Enja Records as The Josh Roseman Unit. His sidemen include Peter Apfelbaum, Barney McAll, Ben Monder, Jonathan Maron, Billy Kilson, Ted Poor, Tony Barba, and Kirk Knuffke and special guests on the albums include Chris Potter, Liberty Ellman, Ben Perowsky, and Mark Feldman.

</doc>
<doc id="19046764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046764" title="Biała, Wieluń County">
Biała, Wieluń County

Biała is a village in Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Biała. It lies approximately north-west of Wieluń and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 333.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19046777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046777" title="Jhaukhel">
Jhaukhel

Jhaukhel is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,213 with 901 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19046783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046783" title="Process Hazard Analysis">
Process Hazard Analysis

Process Hazard Analysis (PHA) (or, Process Hazard Evaluation) is a set of organized and systematic assessments of the potential hazards associated with an industrial process. A PHA provides information intended to assist managers and employees in making decisions for improving safety and reducing the consequences of unwanted or unplanned releases of hazardous chemicals. A PHA is directed toward analyzing potential causes and consequences of fires, explosions, releases of toxic or flammable chemicals and major spills of hazardous chemicals, and it focuses on equipment, instrumentation, utilities, human actions, and external factors that might impact the process.
There are a variety of methodologies that can be used to conduct a PHA, including but not limited to:
Checklist, What if?, What if?/Checklist, Hazard and Operability Study, and Failure Mode and Effects Analysis. PHA methods are qualitative in nature. The selection of a methodology to use depends on a number of factors, including the complexity of the process, the length of time a process has been in operation and if a PHA has been conducted on the process before, and if the process is unique, or industrially common. Other methods such as Layer of Protection Analysis (LOPA) or Fault Tree Analysis (FTA) may be used after a PHA if the PHA team could not reach a risk decision for a give scenario.
In the United States, the use of PHAs is mandated by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) in its Process Safety Management regulation for the identification of risks involved in the design, operation, and modification of processes that handle highly hazardous chemicals.
Processes controlled by a modern Industrial control system may also need to undergo a Cyber PHA in order to understand the process risks associated with a cyber security incident. 

</doc>
<doc id="19046784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046784" title="Castile and León Day">
Castile and León Day

Castile and León Day () is a holiday celebrated on April 23 in the autonomous community of Castile and León, a subdivision of Spain. The date is the anniversary of the Battle of Villalar, in which Castilian rebels called Comuneros were dealt a crushing defeat by the royalist forces of King Charles I in the Revolt of the Comuneros on April 23, 1521.
Commemoration of the Battle of Villalar was closely associated with liberal politics in Spain from the late 18th century until the 1970s, as conservatives generally sympathized with the royal government. With the demise of General Franco's government, the day has broadened to a more general celebration of Castilian nationalism rather than only liberal politics. The government of Castile and León established April 23 as an official holiday in 1986, although festivals have been held yearly since a decade earlier at Villalar.
April 23 is the same day as St. George's Day, with there being some crossover between the two holidays.
Origins.
The birth of the Battle of Villalar as a rallying symbol for Spanish liberals dates back to the late 17th and early 18th centuries. León del Arroyal, an illustrious economist and protoliberal, stated that Villalar was "the last breath of Castilian freedom" in the latter half of the 18th century. The Castilian Comuneros received their first major recognition during the "Trienio Liberal", the three years of liberal government from 1820-1823. Resistance fighter Juan Martín Díez ""El Empecinado"" organized an expedition to Villalar to search for the remains of Padilla, Bravo, and Maldonado, the executed leaders of the revolt. These events took its climax with a festival and celebration of the Comuneros Revolt in the plaza of Villalar on April 23, 1821. Members of left-leaning secret societies often referenced the revolt in their names, such as "Los Comuneros" or "Sons of Padilla." They also employed the purple banner, the flag flown by the comuneros rebels. While dormant for a time after the Bourbon Restoration to the Spanish throne, occasional recognition of Villalar and the Comuneros came from some of the short-lived liberal governments of the period. For instance, President Francisco Pi y Margall of the First Spanish Republic stated that "Castile was among the first nations of Spain who lost their freedoms in Villalar under the first king of the House of Austria."
In the early years of the 20th century there were other attempts to celebrate at Villalar. Among them was a proposal by José María Zorita Díez, a liberal deputy for Valladolid, who made a special request for funds to commemorate the Battle of Villalar. There were also various requests and preparations to celebrate the fourth centenary of the Battle in 1923; the city council of Palencia proposed in early 1923 that "on next April 23, all the representatives of Castile go to the fields of Villalar and swear upon the Castilian Holy Grail, at the scene of the Fall... On the same day and at the same time all the cities of Castile dedicate a minute of silence to the heroes of Villalar." Little came of these attempts to celebrate April 23, however.
History and official recognition.
By the early 70s, much of the reputation of the Comuneros had been rehabilitated after generally positive portrayals by historians such as José Antonio Maravall, Juan Ignacio Gutiérrez Nieto, and Joseph Pérez. In 1976, a gathering of about 400 people met at Villalar. While they were violently dispersed by the Guardia Civil, the meeting the next year was far larger, with almost 20,000 attendees to celebrate the Battle and organize Castilian groups. The meetings continued on an unofficial basis until 1986, when the government of the then-recently recognized autonomous community of Castile and León granted its official stamp of approval.
On 22 April 1987, a sixteen years-old punk died in Villalar, during a fight between punks and heavys at the town. The victim was stab-wounded twice. The killer was detained on April 27, and recognized the aggression. On late September that year, the aggressor hanged himself to death in Villanubla Prison, Valladolid, allegedly due to a depression episode.
Modern observance.
The acts normally begin on the evening of April 22, with performances by musical groups and a zone of free camping for the night. On the morning of April 23, the main ceremonies take place alongside the monolith erected in tribute to the Comuneros. Each political party makes a floral offering to the monolith and gives a speech. Throughout the day, political activities and speeches alternate with dances, music concerts, sports, exhibitions, street theatre, and other Castilian-themed recreational activities.
The entity responsible for organizing the infrastructure needed for the celebration in modern times is the "Villalar Foundation of Castile and León." 

</doc>
<doc id="19046795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046795" title="Kautunje">
Kautunje

Katunje is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5888 with 1035 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19046806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046806" title="Lokanthali">
Lokanthali

Lokanthali is small town in the border of Kathmandu and Bhaktapur. It lies in the Madhyapur Thimi Municipality. Population over here has increased rapidly. As of the 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 5057, with 894 households.
References.
lokanthali is not under a VDC. rather, it is under madhyapur thimi municipality. Lokanthali was one of the best residential places in the KTM valley. But now; many of the intruders who entered kathmandu have started living in Lokanthali. 

</doc>
<doc id="19046807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046807" title="Radoslav Rogina">
Radoslav Rogina

Radoslav Rogina (born March 3, 1979) is a Croatian professional road bicycle racer. <br>
Rogina represented Croatia at the 2008 Summer Olympics when he finished 25th in the road race event. He represented Croatia again at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London finishing 41st in road race.

</doc>
<doc id="19046812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046812" title="Coldingham Bay">
Coldingham Bay

Coldingham Bay is an inlet in the North Sea coast, just over three km north of the town of Eyemouth in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland. It is situated at grid reference and is easily reached by a minor road which leaves the B6438 road at Coldingham.
The Beach.
Coldingham Sands is the name of the large beach in the Bay. It attracts many visitors, on busy days there can be over 1000 visitors on the beach. Coldingham Sands is an award winning sandy seashore which is a rare occurrence on Berwickshire's rocky coast. The beach was awarded the prestigious Blue Flag award in 2010 and has also received the Seaside Award which is for beaches that are more rural in character, being quieter and less developed. The Marine Conservation Society have awarded the beach its top award for cleanliness in 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2010. There is a cafe, toilets, disabled access and car parking.
The beach, which is approximately 200 metres wide, is well sheltered by headlands to the north and south (Yellow Craig Head) with rocky sections at both extremities of the sand. The beach is popular with surfers and bodyboarders and a lifeguard attends the beach during busy summer periods. The north end of the beach has 55 beach huts, some of which are believed to be 100 years old. The huts are leased from the Scottish Borders Council who own the sands, but not the huts. At the top of the high ground above the huts are several private dwellings plus the Dunlaverock House hotel.
The Bay and its surroundings.
Coldingham Bay is situated within the St. Abbs and Eyemouth Voluntary Marine Reserve which itself is part of the Berwickshire and North Northumberland Coast Special Area of Conservation. The rocky shore around the bay is full of marine life with many types of sea creatures and seaweed to be found. The large area of tide pools are popular with rockpoolers. Slightly inland from the seashore is an area of dunes and grassland which provide a fragile habitat for a host of plants and animals. Visitors are requested to keep to the paths, not to pick flowers or light fires in this area to protect the environment.
The Berwickshire Coastal Path goes round the perimeter of the bay and provides walks that give easy access to St Abbs and Eyemouth. At the southern extremity of the beach lies Homeli Knoll (or Knowe), a steep sided hillock which provides fine views of the beach area and along the coast. The south facing slope of the Knoll has seen sightings of the Small Blue butterfly and its sole larval foodplant Kidney Vetch "Anthyllis vulneraria" grows there. The north slope of the Knoll is a popular site for Cowslip. Milldown Burn flows into the southern part of the Bay and is its main inflowing water source, rising on Coldingham Moor and running for 6 km through the village of Coldingham before reaching the Bay. On the north side of the bay stands The Kip, an eight metre high sea stack which stands on dry land at low tide. At the southern extremity of the bay are the 30 metre high grassy cliffs of Yellow Craig.
Coldingham Bay has two other accommodation facilities for visitors. The St Vedas Hotel was built in 1897 and apart from supplying the usual amenities of a hotel also provides surfing facilities such as a surf shop, lessons, equipment hire and repairs. The Coldingham Sands Youth Hostel, another late 19th century house, was closed by the Scottish Youth Hostels Association in early 2008 after low visitor numbers deterred the investment needed to bring the hostel up to an acceptable standard. However local residents are trying to purchase the hostel under the Community Right to Buy legislation and keep it open for visitors who bring trade to the area.The application to purchase the hostel was declined in February 2009 by Lottery Funds, and the fate of the hostel now remains uncertain.

</doc>
<doc id="19046826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046826" title="Dansk Melodi Grand Prix winners">
Dansk Melodi Grand Prix winners

This page lists the songs and artists that have won Dansk Melodi Grand Prix, the Danish preselection for the Eurovision Song Contest. There was no competition held between 1967 and 1977, 1994, 1998 and 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19046827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046827" title="Madhyapur Thimi">
Madhyapur Thimi

Madhyapur Thimi is a municipality in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. Thimi lies between Kathmandu, Lalitpur and Bhaktapur in the Kathmandu Valley. It is one of the ancient, cultural and historical places along the trade route from Bhaktapur to Kathmandu. 
Like other old cities this city is also situated on elevated land and therefore one has to climb up to reach this city. Thimi occupies an area of 2 square kilometers and is administratively divided into 17 wards. 
Archaeology.
There are now indications that the city may be as old as 3000 BC. A recent work by Mohan Pant and Shuji Funo compared the very regular grid layout of Thimi to other very ancient cities in Indus valley and Nepal. The details of the grid dimensions of city blocks are very close to those of Mohenjo-daro and Sirkap (part of Taxila) in Pakistan; also Patan, Nepal. The authors found that plot dimensions measure 9.6m by 19.2m, and are very uniform. These dimensions correspond to Indus Valley civilization.
Population.
At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 83.036. It is famous for its pottery and cultural programs like Bisket jatra, Gai jatra and other dancing jatra. 

</doc>
<doc id="19046836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046836" title="Nagadesh">
Nagadesh

Nagadesh is a village in Madhyapur Thimi Municipality in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4237 with 693 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19046843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046843" title="The Forbidden Quest">
The Forbidden Quest

The Forbidden Quest is a 1993 mockumentary written and directed by Peter Delpeut. 
The film won the 1994 International Fantasy Film Special Jury Award at the Fantasporto (aka Festival Internacional de Cinema do Porto) in Portugal. <br>
The film won the 1993 Special Jury Prize at the Nederlands Film Festival (aka Nederlandse Filmdagen) It was released in Netherlands theaters on April 8, 1993.
Plot.
In 1931, a documentary filmmaker hears of J.C. Sullivan who may know the fate of the Hollandia, a Norwegian ship that sailed to Antarctica in 1905 and disappeared. J.C. Sullivan was the carpenter on that ill-fated voyage and is the last known surviving crewmember of the Hollandia. The filmmaker interviews Sullivan who is also able to supply him with canisters of old film footage which back up the unbelievable accounts that Sullivan describes. 
The film, made in 1993, is presented as a 1931 documentary of a series of events that occurred in 1905. The footage of the fictional expedition is from other polar expeditions of the time. These clips are interspersed with the interview of J.C. Sullivan.
Reception.
"The New York Times"' Janet Maslin praised the "honest power of the film's archival scenes" while condemning its narrative as slow-paced, portentous, and poorly written.

</doc>
<doc id="19046844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046844" title="Nankhel">
Nankhel

Nankhel is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4520 with 767 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19046849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046849" title="Sipadol">
Sipadol

Sipadol is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4568 with 796 houses in it.
Official Facebook Page of Sipadol==References==

</doc>
<doc id="19046858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046858" title="Sirutar">
Sirutar

Sirutar is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3882 with 645 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19046864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046864" title="Rita Hosking">
Rita Hosking

Rita Hosking is an American composer and musician based in Davis, California. She plays Americana and bluegrass styles of music with both standards and original songs. Since the release of "Are You Ready?", she has been performing around the country at concerts, festivals, and other venues.
"Hosking's music isn't like the polished, over-produced music found in pop culture. Hers is a minimalist sound that reflects a simpler time and place: a little country town, rather than a big city." 
Leading up to her 2010 performance tour of Great Britain, she received increasing attention on the "East Side" of the pond. Reviewer Paul Kerr of Americana-UK remarked that she is ". . . a very talented artist with the ability to step up to that pantheon of great female country folk singers and writers." In the summer of 2010, Hosking played to packed venues in England, Wales, and Cornwall.
Influences and inspirations.
Hosking grew up in a rural area in Shasta County, California. Her father worked the night shift at a sawmill as part of the area's logging industry. Her great grandfather, from Cornwall, southwest of England, was an underground coal miner in the region. And her grandmother's family had headed there in a covered wagon on the Oregon Trail, from Virginia.
Hosking says old-time music was strong in her mountain area, as well as country. She grew up hearing neighbors play their simple instruments by ear, as a group called the Mountaineers. And the school cook took several girls from the school, taught them songs and they performed as the Farmerettes; with the Farmerettes, Hosking played washboard and sang her first solo.
""I'm no expert on the Appalachians at all, but I figure there are similarities -- the economy and some traditions, logging and mining. So, as a songwriter, you focus on that. You take the human struggle to survive, particularly in a beautiful place they love, and you've pinned down a lot of artistic inspiration.""
Performances.
By invitation, she has appeared at the White Crow Conservatory of Music in Saginaw, Michigan, the 17th Annual “Midsummer in the Northwoods” Bluegrass Festival in Wisconsin, high in the Colorado Rockies at the Telluride Bluegrass Festival, and many other locations.
On July 16, 2010, she performed at the Larmer Tree Festival in England, at the famed Victorian pleasure garden near Tollard Royal (about 16 miles west of Salisbury), on the Wiltshire/Dorset border. On July 22, 2010, she was the featured guest on the BBC radio show Bob Harris Country.
Hosking has also performed at the Strawberry Music Festival, Live Oak Music Festival, Kate Wolf Music Festival, Sisters Folk Festival, and many more popular locations.
On November 3, 2010, Rita performed at The Freight and Salvage Coffeehouse in Berkeley, California.
Recognition and awards.
Rita was the "2007 Emerging Artist Winner" at the Bluegrassin' In The Foothills festival in Plymouth, California.
On September 6, 2008, Rita was selected the winner of the nationally respected "Dave Carter Memorial Songwriting Contest" at the Sisters Folk Festival in Sisters, Oregon.
On June 18, 2009, Rita performed as a finalist at the acclaimed Telluride Troubadour Competition, held in conjunction with the Telluride Bluegrass Festival. The Competition judges songs based on composition, vocal delivery, and overall performance.
"Come Sunrise" was nominated in November 2009 as one of the five finalists for Album of the Year in the category of "country music" by the 9th annual Independent Music Awards. Hosking won the 9th annual Independent Music Awards Vox Pop / Peoples Choice / Best Country Album award for "Come Sunrise".
Soloist and with groups.
Rita is versatile, performing either as a soloist, or in duos, trios or quartets.
Rita is sometimes supported by a back-up group named Cousin Jack that includes:
Songs written by Rita Hosking.
The following singles were written by Rita Hosking and performed by others:
Come Sunrise.
During the spring of 2008 at the Strawberry Music Festival Rita heard a performance of Mississippi native Caroline Herring. Hosking bought Herring's album and discovered that Rich Brotherton, longtime mandolin and guitar player in Robert Earl Keen's band, had produced it. "I loved it," says Hosking, "so I 'My Spaced' him and said, 'Hi, my name is Rita. Would you be interested in producing my next album?' He wrote right back and said, 'Sure.'" In addition to Brotherton, she was backed by such musicians as Lloyd Maines (father of Dixie Chicks lead singer Natalie Maines and a well-known musician and record producer), Warren Hood of the Waybacks, and Tom Van Schaik and Marty Muse from Keen's band.
This collaboration evolved into "Come Sunrise", which was released in June 2009 and is available through CD Baby, Digstation, and iTunes. It was recorded and produced at Ace Recording in Austin, Texas.
As described by Stuart Mason: ""On her new release Come Sunrise, singer-songwriter Rita Hosking reflects her upbringing in rural Shasta County. Her breed of Nor Cal country folk ain’t quite old-timey, and it ain’t quite bluegrass, but damn it’s sweet. For fans of Emmylou and Gillian, this one’s a safe bet. The songs of Rita Hoskings are as fragile as a newborn baby, and defiant as a West Virginia coal miner"."
As described by Neil Spencer of the Guardian (UK): ""Hosking . . . hits impressive form on this album. Her songs are compassionate tales about ordinary folk from her north Californian background – loggers, miners, the mothers of lost sons – but there is anger as well as warmth in her voice. "Montgomery Creek Blues" and "Promise Land" in particular meld the personal and political to become state-of-the-nation songs"."
In July 2009 "Come Sunrise" placed Number 12 on the national Freeform American Roots Chart.
"Come Sunrise" was selected as one of five contenders for the country music "album of the year" of the 9th annual Independent Music Awards, announced in November 2009 (see description under "Recognition and Awards").
Discography.
In addition she has provided vocals for other recordings such as the Loose Acoustic Trio's album "Sorrow Be Gone".

</doc>
<doc id="19046867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046867" title="Sudal">
Sudal

Sudal is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6074 with 1081 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19046872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046872" title="Tathali">
Tathali

Tathali is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4520 with 751 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19046874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046874" title="Gustav Körte">
Gustav Körte

Gustav Körte (February 8, 1852 in Berlin – August 15, 1917 in Göttingen) was a German classical archaeologist. He was the brother of philologist Alfred Körte (1866-1946) and surgeon Werner Körte (1853-1937).
He studied classical philology and archaeology at the University of Göttingen, then continued his education with Heinrich Brunn (1822-1894) at Munich (1871). From 1875 he performed research in Italy and Greece, where he worked was an assistant at the German Archaeological Institute in Athens (1877-79). 
In 1881 he became a professor of archaeology at the University of Rostock, and later served as director of the German Archaeological Institute in Rome (1905-07) . In 1907, upon the death of Karl Dilthey (1839-1907), Körte was appointed chair of archaeology at Göttingen, a position he held until his death in 1917.
In 1900, with his brother Alfred, he began the first excavation at Gordion, an ancient Phrygian city in Asia Minor. In 1904 the two brothers published their archaeological findings in a treatise called "Gordion: Ergebnisse der Ausgrabung im Jahre 1900". Also, he conducted significant investigations of the necropoli at Orvieto and Tarquinia. 
With Adolf Klügmann (1837-1880), he continued edition of "Etruskische Spiegel", a project involving systematic study of Etruscan mirrors that was initiated in 1843 by Eduard Gerhard (1795-1867).

</doc>
<doc id="19046883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046883" title="Ben Perowsky">
Ben Perowsky

Ben Perowsky (born May 12, 1966) is a New York City based drummer, percussionist, composer, arranger and record producer.
Biography.
Exposed early on to jazz from his parents, Frank and Ginger Perowsky, and teacher Bobby Thomas, as well as rock and roll from his older brother Ricky, Ben watched the great musicians playing at that time in New York City. He attended The High School of Music and Art in Harlem (now LaGuardia Arts). While playing drums in a high school jazz ensemble, Ben played with Dizzy Gillespie and Jimmy Heath. While growing up, he also played with his father, a well-known clarinetist, saxophonist and arranger. His mother, who worked with dance pioneer Charles Weidman among other choreographers, also influenced Ben with her Sly Stone and Stevie Wonder record collection. This mixture of rock, blues, funk and jazz made an impression on Ben, who then saw opportunities for crossing genre barriers, and went on to incorporate this in his works.
Ben plays Zildjian cymbals and Vic Firth sticks exclusively.
Early career.
After high school, Ben studied at Boston's Berklee School of Music with Alan Dawson. Among the many musicians he met were John Medeski and Dave Fiucznski, who were studying at the nearby New England Conservatory.
Returning to New York City, Ben spent a brief year at Manhattan School of Music. Soon after, he was hired by legendary saxophonist James Moody. The following year, he went on tour with Rickie Lee Jones double billing with Ray Charles. In 1987, he worked regularly in NYC with guitarist Jeff Pevar and keyboardist/bassist Morris Pleasure. Ben's freelance career soon began to blossom taking him all over the world with vibraphonist Roy Ayers, with whom he also backed Tom Brown, and Lonnie Liston Smith. Around this time Ben also worked with modern jazz team David Liebman and Richie Beirach.
After playing regularly with Mike Stern at the 55 Bar in 1990, saxophonist Bob Berg hired Ben to tour and play on his next two records. Mike Stern's trio continued to tour and record throughout the early 1990s. At this time Ben also recorded with pianist/producer Jim Beard, legendary baritone saxophonist Ronnie Cuber and Brazilian pianist Eliane Elias.
Concurrently, Ben began performing frequently at clubs in downtown NYC, becoming a mainstay at The Knitting Factory and later at Tonic. There he first worked with John Zorn in an early line up of the band Masada with Marc Ribot, as well as the band Spanish Fly with Marcus Rojas, Steven Bernstein and David Tronzo. He did a number of tours at this time with The Fertile Crescent, Chunk, and Wayne Horvitz's The President. He also recorded two projects with John Cale. Ben later played percussion in John Lurie's Lounge Lizards and on the record "Queen of All Ears".
Groups Led and Co-led.
In 1988, Ben started a band with two other High School of Music and Art alumni, guitarist Adam Rogers and bassist Fima Ephron. This band became Lost Tribe with the final edition of saxophonist David Binney and guitarist David Gilmore. They immediately became a ground-breaking group in the NY's club circuit, cutting through genres playing in rock and jazz clubs alike. In 1991 Ben met producer Walter Becker (Steely Dan) who asked Lost Tribe to record at his then studio in Maui, Hawaii. The Lost Tribe sound was a blend of various genres with dense harmony and dance rhythms. The band released three critically acclaimed records Lost Tribe, Soulfish, Many Lifetimes and toured extensively in the US and Europe. In addition to co-leading/ drumming in the band, Ben occasionally took on the role of rapper. Becker later had this rhythm section record on his first solo record.
The Ben Perowsky Trio was formed with Chris Speed and Scott Colley in 1996, Ben's first release as a leader in 1999 for Frank Perowsky's label JazzKey. One track on this release was placed by Hal Wilner in the 2006 film "Talladega Nights" during actor Sacha Baron Cohen's entrance to a "redneck" bar.
Ben created his own label El Destructo Records and released two CDs. El Destructo: Volume I was created through a series billed as "Beatshop" early that winter. "Beatshop" served as the workshop for a new sound Ben was developing with Glenn Patscha and Markus Lyons Miller. It was a blending of slow dub style improv with dark ambience and sparse vocals. El Destructo: Volume II Moodswing Orchestra, expands on this idea with the addition of four other instrumentalists and five vocalists.
In 2003, Ben produced a record called Bop on Pop for his father Frank with Sam Yahel on organ. Also in 2003, Ben produced a trio under his name for Tzadik entitled Camp Songs. It was voted one of the top 50 CDs of 2003 in JazzTimes magazine. He appears on 7 other Tzadik releases to date.
The Ben Perowsky Quartet featuring Chris Speed, Ted Reichman and Drew Gress toured in Europe in 2005 and released Esopus Opus on Skirl records 2009. Red Cred, a new project featuring Speed, John Medeski have also been performing regularly in the catskills since 2007, with NYC debut at Winterjazz festival 2011. Starting in 2009, along with musician/producer Danny Blume, Ben prepares new music for his Moodswing Orchestra, playing disco inflected techno dance music, an improvised dance party with chance special guests including rapper extraordinaire TK Wonder.
Bands.
In addition to his solo projects and collaborations, Ben has worked with numerous bands since the late Eighties. In 1988 he joined the rock/pop band Fertile Crescent with fellow High School of Music and Art alumni bassist/song writer Erik Sanko, and Danny Blume. In 1995, Ben joined the song writing team of Oren Bloedow and Jennifer Charles in their band Elysian Fields. He recorded on five releases and played numerous tours with the band and its ever changing cast over the next 8 years.
In the 1990s, The Knitting Factory became the stomping ground for new projects. Danny Blume began a series called Liminal Lounge with DJ Olive, spawning an electronica based band called Liminal, in which Ben played live and on record along with Christian Castagno. It was around this time that the phrase "Illbient" came into being. There Ben also played with Steven Bernstein, Dave Douglas, Don Byron, and the Ben Perowsky Trio.
In 2002, Ben began working with song writer Joan Wasser. They played as a duo for a year before the band Joan as Police Woman was formed with the addition of Rainy Orteca. After three years of live performance and working on Joan's new material, an EP was recorded with producer Brice Goggin, another of Ben's High School of Music and Art schoolmates. The full-length release Real Life was met with much success in the US, UK and Europe. Ben appears in the video for the song "Eternal Flame" and on two songs from Joan's 2008 release "To Survive."
In 1995, Ben also began playing with 101 Crustaceans with bandleader Ed Pastorini. Salon.com wrote, "The stock listings phrase that when a particular band plays 'some of the best musicians in town take to the stage' is actually true in the case of Ed Pastorini's 101 Crustaceans, the 'town' in this instance being New York City. And here's a line . . . to follow it: The rest of them are in the audience." Other players include guitarist Indigo Street and bassist Oren Bloedow.
Current work.
In 1999, Ben recorded on Mike Stern's "Play," with guests Bill Frisell and John Scofield. He then toured extensively in Scofield's band for most of 2000. In 2002, the Uri Caine trio began touring and recording. A live record was made at the famous basement jazz club The Village Vanguard. Ben still currently tours and records with Uri Caine in a number of his projects regularly. On a notable recording session in 2003, Ben was found in the company of jazz legends led by composer /arranger Tom McIntosh with Benny Golson, James Moody, Buster Williams, Kenny Barron and Richard Davis.
Ben continues to be active among improvisers and song writers. From 2003 to present Ben has appeared on records and/or tours with Clem Snide, Kaki King, Dave Derby, Jamie Saft, Nels Andrews, Adam Levy, Steven Bernstein's Millennial Territory Orchestra, Michael Blake, Trey Anastasio, Lizz Wright and The Wood Brothers. Recently, Ben recorded with Welsh singer Katell Keineg, Antony and the Johnsons, and appears on the disco hit single "Blind" by the band Hercules and Love Affair.

</doc>
<doc id="19046885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046885" title="Dodge, Texas">
Dodge, Texas

Dodge is an unincorporated community in eastern Walker County, Texas, United States, on the northern edge of the Sam Houston National Forest. It lies along FM 405 east of the city of Huntsville, the county seat of Walker County. Its elevation is 400 feet (122 m). Although Dodge is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 77334; the ZCTA for ZIP Code 77334 had a population of 184 at the 2000 census.
Although settlers first arrived in the Dodge area in the 1820s, the community was founded in 1872 by William H. Parmer, the son of Martin Parmer. Dodge grew up around the Dodge Station of the Houston and Great Northern Railroad; it was named for Phelps Dodge, the company that constructed the community. Dodge's post office was established in 1881. Although the community flourished for several decades, it declined with the coming of the Great Depression.
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Dodge has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="19046891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046891" title="Vasily Gurko">
Vasily Gurko

Vasily Iosifovich Gurko (20 May 1864, Tsarskoye Selo – 11 February 1937) () served for a brief period as a Chief-of-Staff of the Imperial Russian Army before being forced out of the country in exile following the October Revolution of 1917.
Biography.
Vasily Gurko was the son of Iosif Gurko and brother of Vladimir Gurko. He graduated from the Page Corps, an elite school for the children of Russian nobility in 1885 and from the General Staff Academy in 1892. He served as a military attaché to the Transvaal Republic and rode with the Boer Army in the Second Boer War. He was a military attaché to Berlin in 1901. During the Russo-Japanese War of 1904 to 1906, he initially held an assignment at the office of the Quartermaster-General of the Manchurian Army, but later commanded a Cossack brigade. After the end of the war, from 1906-1911, he served as chairman of a commission to investigate the reasons for the failure of Russian forces in that conflict.
In 1911, Gurko was appointed to command of the 1st Cavalry Division under Paul von Rennenkampf. With the outbreak of World War I, he led the division in East Prussia and at Battle of Lodz in November 1914 before receiving an appointment as Chief of Staff to Mikhail Alexeev. He was assigned command of the Sixth Army Corps, attached to Second Army, from 1915 to 1916. Gurko led the Russian counterattack in the January 1915 at the Battle of Bolimov.
Subsequently, Gurko commanded the 5th Special Army on the Southwestern Front from August 1916. In October 1916, he replaced Alexeev as chief-of-staff and from March 1917 became commander of the Western Front. However, he was relieved of his command only two months later by the Russian Provisional Government for expressing support of the monarchy. He was imprisoned at Peter and Paul Fortress for two months, and then exiled in September 1917 to the United Kingdom. He later settled in Italy and participated in the anti-Soviet Russian All-Military Union. He refused an offer to command White movement forces n northern Russia in 1919. After his death in 1937, he was buried at the Protestant Cemetery, Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="19046893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046893" title="Irrigation in Colombia">
Irrigation in Colombia

Irrigation in Colombia has been an integral part of Colombia's agricultural and rural development in the 20th Century. Public investment in irrigation has been especially prominent in the first half of the Century. During the second half, largely driven by fiscal shortages and a common inability to raise sufficient revenues from collection of water charges, the Colombian government adopted a program to devolve irrigation management responsibility to water users associations. Irrigation management transfer has occurred only partially in Colombia, as the government has maintained strong managerial tasks in certain irrigation districts. 
Colombia has approximately 900,000 hectares of irrigated agriculture, mostly located in the warm center, Magdalena, Cauca and Tolima Valleys, and the northeast near Venezuela’s border and along the Caribbean coast. Approximately, 90% of the agricultural land is irrigated through gravity irrigation systems. According to the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), 62% of the functional irrigable land in Colombia has been developed and managed by the private sector. Only 38% was developed by the public sector. FAO estimates that the private sector invested on average US$19 million annually during the period 1991–1997. Colombia has a considerable potential to expand land under irrigation due to high rainfall and fertile volcanic soil creating conditions favorable for a wide range of crops. 
Efficiency of irrigation systems is in general very low in the country contributing to soil salinization and water erosion. In addition, agricultural runoff including chemicals from fertilizers and pesticides are taking an increasing toll on Colombian ecosystems.
According to the first national communication to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, Colombia is highly vulnerable to the impacts of climate change, especially highland Andean ecosystems. Colombian Government is in the process of implementing an Integrated National Adaptation Project focused on defining and implementing policy options to meet the anticipated impacts of climate change.
History of the irrigation sector.
Agricultural land under irrigation; past and present trends.
The total irrigated area in Colombia was around 50000 ha until 1950. From 1960 through 1990, private irrigated area expanded at an average annual rate of 15000 ha. In 1990, a total of 3.8 million ha were cultivated in Colombia, 750,000 ha, or approximately 10%, of which was equipped with irrigation or drainage facilities. According to the World Development Indicators, in 2007, 900,000 ha, or 24% of the total agricultural land, was actually irrigated. The private sector financed approximately two thirds of the irrigation schemes. The remaining third corresponds to public investment. Colombia has a considerable potential to expand land under irrigation.
Institutional Development.
At the beginning of the centuray, irrigation development was largely driven by the Colombian government. Public investment on irrigation infrastructure started in 1936 and continued throughout the 1940s and 1950s, when the Colombian government focused in agriculture development in the valleys of Alto Chicamocha, Firavitoba y Samaca in Northern Colombia, and built the irrigation systems of Ramada, Coello, Saldaña and Roldanillo-Union-Toro (RUT).
Water users associations (WUA), such as Coello and Saldaña in Tolima district, become very active and lobbied the government for infrastructure management transfer. In the 1960s, the government increased public investment in irrigation sector building 14 irrigation districts together with drainage and flood control infrastructure through the Colombian Institute for Agrarian Reform (INCORA). In the 1970s with the creation of the Institute for Hydrology, Meteorology and Land Development (HIMAT) the government aimed at increasing water users’ capacity to eventually take over management of irrigation systems. HIMAT would be in charge of management until water users’ association reach adequate capacity. Coello and Saldaña districts were transferred to water users in 1976 under a constitutional principle referred to as "delegation of administration". The "delegation of administration" did not include transfer of ownership for scheme assets nor full WUA control over budgets, operation and maintenance (O&M) plans and personnel. HIMAT retained a strong supervisory role in administering budgets and O&M vis a vis WUA.
In 1993, the government passed a Land Development Law No. 41 in 1993 and its associated enabling Decree Nos. 1278 and 2135 aimed at updating current agreement with water users associations from “delegation of administration” to “concessional contracts”. Under the new agreement water users associations would have full control over irrigation district finances, O&M procedures and personnel but continued not having ownership over irrigation infrastructure.
In 1994, HIMAT was transferred to a newly created institution, the National Institute for Land Development (INAT) aimed at reinvigorate management transfer. INAT reached agreements with WUA on a case by case basis. At the beginning of
1990, only Coello and Saldaña (with a total irrigable area of 39,603 ha) had been transferred. By the end of 1996, 17 of the 23 public irrigation districts in the country had been transferred to WUAs or 115,695 ha of a total of 241,077 ha of irrigated area previously under public management. The original plan was to enable total transfer by 1997. However, after experiencing difficulties transferring Maria Baja and other districts the government discontinued implementation aiming at better addressing some of the challenges the remaining associations had. Some of those challenges include facilities in disrepair, high costs of irrigation, lower productivity, lower profitability, social unrest, poverty and inability to collect adequate irrigation fees from farmers.
Environmental aspects.
Linkages with water resources.
According to the Food and Agriculture Organization, Colombia receive an average of 3,000mm rainfall annually, which represents a total volume of 3,425 km3. Up to 61% of the total volume turns into an average flow and total internal renewable water resources of 2,113 km3. According to the Institute of Hidrology, Meteorology and Environmental Studies, ecosystems need up to 40% of the total water resources available in Colombia to continue providing full environmental services. Most of the irrigated areas are located in the warm center, Magdalena and Cauca Valleys, and the northeast near Venezuela’s border and along the Caribbean coast. Cauca and Tolima Valleys have 40% of irrigated land. Approximately, 90% of the agricultural land is irrigated through gravity irrigation systems but the Cauca Valley and Sabana in Bogota with improved on farm irrigation systems such as dripping and aspersion.
Colombian Main watersheds
"Source": FAO (2000)
Environmental impacts of irrigation.
According to Marin Ramirez (1991), as quoted in the National Report on Water Resources Management in Colombia, the predominance of gravity irrigation systems are due to both the sense of water being an abundant and cheap resource and the high upfront costs for improved irrigation techniques. Hence, efficiency of irrigation systems is in general very low in the country contributing to soil salinization and water erosion. In addition, agricultural runoff including chemicals from fertilizers and pesticides are taking an increasing toll on Colombian ecosystems. 
Ecosystems in Colombia affected by pesticides
"Source": Health Ministry and Environment Ministry (1996)
Anticipated climate change impacts on irrigated agriculture.
According to the first national communication to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, Colombia is highly vulnerable to the impacts of climate change. Highland Andean ecosystems, especially moorlands, are expected to be seriously affected by increase in temperature which has recorded a net increase of 0.2-0.3 degrees Celsius per decade during the period 1961–1990 – according to the Meteorological, Hydrological and Environmental Studies Institute—and is expected to continue to do so by the Meteorological Research Institute of Japan. Hydrological temperature changes would result in a loss of biodiversity and the services attached to those such as water supply, basin regulation and hydropower.
Legal and institutional framework.
Legal framework.
The Colombian Constitution of 1991 grants to the Colombian Government the responsibility of guaranteeing natural resources sustainable use, including water resources. In 1993, the government passed a Land Development Law No. 41 in 1993 and its associated enabling Decree Nos. 1278 and 2135 aimed at reducing public intervention in the irrigation sector and spurring private investment. The Law incorporates users’ participation in design, building, and posterior operation and maintenance (O&M) by establishing a water fee which includes a fraction of the total costs. The law also establishes the National Council for Land Development (CONSUAT).
The Law 99 of 1993 established the current institutional framework in Colombia; in particular it created the Environment Ministry the National Environmental System (See Water resources management in Colombia for further information). The Law creates a new and complex institutional framework where different administrations and institutions coexist.
Institutional framework.
The Environment Ministry is in charge of formulating water resources management policies and regulations including pollution standards and charge fees. The Agriculture Ministry is in charge of developing sustainable land management, agriculture, forestry and fisheries. The National Council for Land Management (CONSUAT) is the Agriculture Ministry’s principal advisor and INAT – together with other public and private entities – is its executive branch. The National Fund for Land Management is an administrative unit in charge of designing and implementing irrigation, drainage and flood control infrastructure. Until 1992, irrigation districts management were subscribed to HIMAT – now renamed INAT – and are currently in the process of being transferred to water user organizations (See History of the irrigation sector above). 
Finally, the institutional framework includes a research institution, IDEAM which coordinates the Colombian Environmental Information System and is responsible for meteorology, hydrology, and related environmental studies.
Key Legal Issues that Arise in Irrigation PPPs.
There are a number of legal and commercial issues that will affect how these projects move forward and are structured. Whilst some of the legal issues are not confined to irrigation PPPs they can take on a new dimension and complexity when applied to irrigation: Land ownership; water extraction; public sector counterpart. These will be key issues in a PPP as the private provider will want to ensure a steady revenue stream. 
There are also the usual legal considerations that need to be checked when developing PPPs in any sector, such as legal restrictions on the type of PPP arrangement that can be entered into, relevant procurement rules for entering into PPPs, existence of restrictions on foreign investment, taxation and potential for tax holidays and the ability to assign rights such as security and step in rights to lenders. 
Example of WUA: The Coello Irrigation District.
The Coello irrigation district is located about 150 kilometers from the capital, Bogota on the left bank of the Magdalena River in the Department of Tolima. The only source of water for the project is the Rio Coello, a tributary of the Magdalena River. About 99Z of the lands of the Coello project belong to private owners. About 56% of the farms in the district are smaller than 10 ha, occupying a total of only 142 of the land area. Another 262 of the farms occupy more than 20 ha
each or a total of 712 of the land.
The management of the Coello district was transferred to the Water Users' Association (known as USOCOELLO) when HIHAT was created in 1976. The general conditions of transfer were defined in an agreement between HIMAT and USOCOELLO. USOCOELLO's regulations defining the rights and obligations of the association members, and the functions of the General Assembly, Board, and General Manager are set out in a document issued on October 31, 1986. Any owner, farmer or tenant farmer in the area can be a member of USOCOELLO and submit a request for registration. The district is one of the oldest in Colombia and members of the Association participate actively in the annual meetings.
Economic aspects.
Water tariff.
Under Colombian law all beneficiaries of public works must pay a land appreciation surcharge proportionate to the value of the government's investment. Beneficiaries of land improvement districts are also liable for the cost of operations and maintenance (O&M). Operations and maintenance costs are recovered through (i) a fixed water charge (per hectare, per year) and (ii) a variable water charge based on the volume of water delivered for irrigation. The law does not state what proportion of these two charges is to meet O&M costs. Water rates are fixed once a year by HIHAT's Board of Directors before the first planting season starts, at the time of budget preparation. In setting the fixed and volumetric water rates, HIMAT determines the users’ contribution to O&M costs, the government pays the difference. Fixed charges are paid in advance, regardless of land use. Their payment is a pre-requisite for receiving the irrigation service. The volumetric water charges are paid at the end of each season. The collection rate is generally high. Volumetric payments depend on how much water is actually delivered to the farmers. Rainfall varies markedly, which affects demand for supplementary irrigation water. Total water charges covered only 34.9% O&M costs in 1980 and 28.5% in 1987. Only a few districts, including RUT, approach self-sufficiency for operations and maintenance.
Investment.
According to FAO, 463,000 ha of the functional irrigable land in Colombia (or 62%) has been developed and managed by the private sector. Only 38% was developed by the public sector. FAO estimates that the private sector invested an average of US$19 million annually during the period 1991–1997. In 1994, investment cost of private irrigation development for basic irrigation projects providing water for rice and cereal varied between US$750 to 1,000 per hectare. Private investment cost for irrigation schemes featuring pumping lifts varied between US$ 1,200 to 1,750 per hectare. Finally, private investment costs for irrigations schemes including wells, sprinkles or localized irrigation varied between US$2,000 to 2,700 per hectare.
External cooperation.
During the 1980s, The World Bank invested a total of US$234 million in several small-scale irrigation developments on the foothills of the Andes, in the savannah country of Northern Colombia and the Magdalena watershed in Northwest Colombia. 
Particularly in the area of Climate Change, the World Bank is working closely with Colombian Government in an Integrated National Adaptation Project to strengthen Colombian institutions, particularly IDEAM, to produce climate information in support of adaptation to climate change. The project also includes the definition and implementation of a specific pilot adaptation program supporting the maintenance of environmental services in the Las Hermosas Massif including the Amoya watershed protection. 
The Inter- American Development Bank worked together with the Colombian government in the 1990s in the creation of a National Irrigation Program and an Irrigation and Drainage Program to support the government's strategy for land improvement and to seek private-sector involvement in efforts to modernize Colombia's agriculture sector.
Lessons learned from Colombia’s irrigation model.
Researchers Carlos Garces-Restrepo and Doublas L. Vermillion studied the impact of management transfer to water users’ organizations in selected irrigation systems, namely RUT, Rio Recio, Samaca, San Rafael y Maria La Baja. The findings of the study “support the hypothesis that management transfer leads to efforts by water users associations to improve management efficiency, such as reducing the number of management staff and taking measures to cut costs.” Management transfer also leads to a significant reduction of government expenditures in irrigation management. However, “transfer has not had substantial impacts on the performance of operations and maintenance or in the agricultural and economic productivity of irrigated land or water, neither improving negative performance nor causing detriment where performance was positive.”
The researchers also notice that the concept of “management transfer” varies among countries. In the case of Colombia, government maintained considerable authority over O&M, budgets and human resources. Ownership of infrastructure was never transferred to water users associations nor have water rights been granted. Hence, “it is necessary to test the hypothesis that a more integrated and comprehensive devolution policy would lead to more positive impacts on performance.”

</doc>
<doc id="19046898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046898" title="Nuno Ribeiro">
Nuno Ribeiro

Nuno Jorge Ribeiro Gaspar (born September 9, 1977 in Sobrado, Valongo) is a Portuguese professional road bicycle racer, he was the winner of the 2003 (Volta a Portugal), he also placed first in the 2009 edition, however he was later disqualified due to testing positive for CERA in a doping test and was banned for two years.
Upon returning from the ban, Ribeiro joined . He remained with the team until the end of the 2013 season, when he joined OFM-Quinta da Lixa.

</doc>
<doc id="19046900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046900" title="Caiçara (film)">
Caiçara (film)

Caiçara is a 1950 Brazilian drama film directed by and starring Adolfo Celi. It was nominated for the Grand Prize of the Festival at the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19046928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046928" title="Bonton, Dallas">
Bonton, Dallas

Bonton is a historically African American neighborhood in South Dallas, Texas. The area, zip code 75215, is bounded by Hatcher St. and S Central Expressway to the North and West, respectively, and goes as far as Municipal St. and Donald St. to its East and South. The name “Bonton” is said to be derived from the French expression “"bon temps",” translating to good times. This stems from Bonton’s once close relationship to the arts scene in Deep Ellum, as a direct road originally linked the two areas. The two main racial groups represented in the neighborhood are African Americans and Hispanics, with the former constituting over 75% of the population. Many of Bonton’s residents are disadvantaged, with 42.9% of the populace falling below the poverty line and 65% failing to complete high school or achieve an equivalent degree. As factors like these contributed to rising incidents of crime and other social ills, the battle to revitalize the area was born, one that still rages today.
History.
Based on contemporary maps showing the development of the region, it can be deduced that the effort to build Bonton spanned approximately a three-year period lasting from 1927-1930. The neighborhood’s early history, however, is virtually unrecorded. What is known about these days derives from word of mouth from Bonton natives. Locals frame this beginning period of Bonton’s history as the area’s golden age where feelings of camaraderie and mutual respect governed the neighborhood. Even as early as 1932, however, Bonton earned a negative reputation for crime in the media that continues even today. This can be seen in the fact that the first mention of the neighborhood in "The Dallas Morning News" depicts a gang leader shooting an individual for liquor.
In the 1940’s, it became increasingly difficult for minorities, especially African Americans, to find adequate housing, as the quality of what was available in the area was subpar. As a result, many attempted to spread beyond South Dallas. The violent backlash that erupted against them was experienced in many African American neighborhoods, including Bonton. In October 1940, these hostile feelings erupted when radicals unsuccessfully attempted to detonate a bomb in a South Dallas home. This was just one of many incidents, ranging from bombings to fires, which spanned 1940-1941.
Turner Courts.
Much of Bonton’s history, however, seems to center around the housing project called Turner Courts. In the 1950’s, a nationwide movement was seen within the African American population as they migrated from rural areas to cities such as Dallas. The influx of people, combined with the relative poverty that afflicted the population, created a housing problem for the city of Dallas. The city solved this problem by constructing a series of five housing projects. Originally intended to house 294 families as the city’s third public housing unit specifically for African Americans, Turner Courts opened in 1952 and was named in honor J.L. Turner Sr., one of the first practicing black attorneys in the state. The unit was composed of apartments of various sizes open to low income families who were billed rent based on their level of income.
Turner Courts, however, became a very negative influence in the community of Bonton. Firstly, it reinforced the de facto segregation that existed in South Dallas. In a statement of Turner Courts’ objectives in 1962, the Dallas Housing Authority states that the housing project was designated specifically and exclusively for low-income African American families. Although city-sanctioned separation initially existed in Turner Courts, the housing project also went as far as to flout later anti-segregation laws, thus perpetuating the condition. This defiant behavior can be seen in 1968, after a ruling issued on the GI Bill forbade all former servicemen from renting apartments from landlords practicing discrimination. Turner Courts refused to change its ways in a 1968 "Dallas Morning News" article, declaring that “segregation a way of life” in the housing project and that no, “dramatic change [could be seen because there many Negros here who [were able to sustain a long and costly lawsuit to force the issue” or to effectively challenge the authority of the housing unit.
Secondly, and most importantly, Turner Courts brought a new intensity and volume to the crime of Bonton. The crime that terrorized the neighborhood ranged from petty crime to serial rapists. Bonton, along with South Dallas, became so infamous for its crime, that it was used as a benchmark that other areas strove to avoid. A study done of the area in 1969 attributes the increased level of crime to poverty and to the transitory nature of the population and housing. These patterns of crime and segregation continued until the 1980’s, when Turner Courts began to be viewed as an embarrassment to the otherwise booming city. The Housing Projects were referred to as exemplifications of the “paradox of Dallas”; the deteriorating, crime-filled projects jumped out against the backdrop of Downtown’s skyscrapers. In response to this feeling, Dallas attempted to reduce the crime level in Turner Courts, or “clean up” the area, with a security system of patrols in 1984. The attempt to save the housing project, however, was abandoned in 2009 when it was torn down. In 2012, ground was broken on a new housing complex, Buckeye Trail Commons, which includes aspects such as a community garden and 25 homes for sale in an attempt to provide opportunities to its inhabitants.
Revitalization.
Currently, there is a movement to revitalize Bonton and its citizens. This effort is spearheaded by H.I.S. BridgeBuilders, a nonprofit Christian organization that claims in its mission statement to work to “restore urban communities through education, health, economic development, and spiritual development.” Founded by Mike Fechner and Velma Mitchell, the former from an affluent neighborhood in mostly white North Dallas and the latter a Bonton native, H.I.S. BridgeBuilders works to build connections through Jesus Christ that are strong enough to bridge sociocultural differences. The work of the organization manifests in the South Dallas community in various ways including employment training and mentoring programs, which are then followed by a job placement program. Affordable healthcare is provided in optical, dental and counseling clinics, and meaningful relationships are built through regular community outreach opportunities.
Habitat for Humanity has also been a key player in the effort to revive Bonton. In March 2013, the organization pledged $100 million to refurbish or build 1000 homes in Dallas’ five poorest neighborhoods, including Bonton, in their Dream Dallas Initiative. The scope of this project can be seen in the fact that in the past 25 years of its existence, Habitat for Humanity has only spent $95 million on building/refurbishing homes; it will spend $5 million more on the Dream Dallas Initiative in just 2013-2014. Dream Dallas will also focus on reducing crime, facilitating access to public transportation, improving education, providing medical services, promoting development of retail services, and will partner with existing community programs.
Bonton citizens are also getting involved in the movement, going as far as to start a Bonton Neighborhood Association. Founded by community members Clifton Reese and Velma Mitchell, the organization allows the members of the neighborhood to take pride in their homes and to create an environment in which they want to live.

</doc>
<doc id="19046933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046933" title="BR5-49 (album)">
BR5-49 (album)

BR5-49 is the self-titled debut album of the American country music band BR5-49. The album was released in 1996 (see 1996 in country music) on the Arista Nashville label. Three singles were released from the album, all of which charted on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. "Cherokee Boogie", the first of these three, was the highest charting, reaching #44. Following it were "Even If It's Wrong" at #68 and "Little Ramona (Gone Hillbilly Nuts)" at #61.
The contains four covers: The aforementioned "Cherokee Boogie" was originally recorded by Moon Mullican, "I Ain't Never" and "Honky Tonk Song" were previously recorded by Mel Tillis, and the former was previously a hit for Webb Pierce as well. Also, "Crazy Arms" is a cover of a Ray Price song.

</doc>
<doc id="19046934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046934" title="Rainbow Swash">
Rainbow Swash

The Rainbow Swash is a work by Corita Kent in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. The rainbow design painted on a tall LNG storage tank is the largest copyrighted work of art in the world. Highly visible from daily commuters drives on Interstate 93, the landmark is considered one of the major landmarks of Boston, akin to the Citgo sign.
Description.
Originally created in 1971, the Rainbow Swash comprises large streaks of rainbow colors over a natural gas storage tank on Dorchester's waterfront, located about two miles (3 km) south of Downtown Boston. The landmark design is highly visible from the Southeast Expressway and passed by thousands of commuters daily. The design was transferred to its present location in 1992
when the original LNG tank was torn down.
History.
In 1971, then-Boston Gas Company president Eli Goldston commissioned Corita Kent to paint the Rainbow Swash design on one of two adjacent LNG tanks facing Boston's Southeast Expressway. The original design was painted on an 8-inch (20 cm) scale model with 20 painters reproducing the work on the high tank.
Since the 1970s, the Rainbow Swash has been controversial. The mural was criticized as featuring a profile of Vietnamese Leader Ho Chi Minh's face in its blue stripe. Kent was a peace activist and some believe she was protesting the Vietnam War, but Kent herself always denied embedding such a profile. In 1992, the original rainbow-painted LNG tank was torn down and the Rainbow Swash was recreated on the adjacent tank despite objections from veterans groups. However, the blue stripe is less pronounced in the 1992 reproduction. Less controversially, the yellow stripe is said to resemble the profile of Fred Flintstone looking southward.
In 2000, Boston Gas was acquired by Keyspan and the Keyspan logo replaced the Boston Gas logo under the rainbow. Keyspan was acquired and merged into National Grid plc and the National Grid logo was placed over the Keyspan logo in September 2007.
Notable appearances.
The Swash appeared in the opening credits to the 2005 film "Fever Pitch".

</doc>
<doc id="19046976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046976" title="Shanxi sika deer">
Shanxi sika deer

The Shanxi sika deer ("Cervus nippon grassianus") is a possibly extinct subspecies of the sika deer. It is also one of its largest, being 105–110 cm tall at the shoulders and weighing 100 kg. The color is tawny or grayish dark, and is brown on the back of the leg. The spots are nearly invisible. It is previously found in two populations in the upland forests of Lüliang Mountains in western Shanxi, while its range might be much larger in historical times, encompassing the entire loess plateau. There has been no sightings of the subspecies for decades and it is now believed to be extinct, though no actual investigations have been done. Although pure bred individuals remain in farms as a breed, there is not enough suitable habitat nor government effort for reintroduction to take place.

</doc>
<doc id="19046983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046983" title="Harrison Barrett">
Harrison Barrett

Harrison Barrett (1845–1917) was a former slave born in 1845 to slave parents from Louisiana, Simon and Eliza Barrett. He had two brothers and two sisters. After the emancipation of the slaves in 1865, Barrett searched for his family members. He was able to gather all together except for one sister. In 1889 he purchased land east of the San Jacinto River in Harris County, Texas, for fifty cents an acre, and named the area Barrett Settlement. It was one of the largest holdings in Harris County to be acquired by a former slave. He is interred with his wife Annie Jones Barrett, along with four other family members, in the nearby cemetery.
The community began with seven houses, which Barrett built with lumber from his land. He set up farms, a sawmill, a gristmill, and a coffee mill. He also gave land for Shiloh Baptist Church. The town eventually was given a postal station, and became known as Barrett Station.
The population of the town was 2,872 according to the 2000 census. It remains a largely African-American neighborhood and celebrates its heritage every Juneteenth.

</doc>
<doc id="19046984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046984" title="Piano Circus (album)">
Piano Circus (album)

Piano Circus is the self-titled debut by the piano ensemble Piano Circus. It was released by Argo Records in 1992.
Track listing.
It consists of four tracks:
Total running time: 65.02
Personnel.
Recorded for Argo by 'Another Complete Fabrication' at The Mill, Cookham, in April 1990, and at Surrey Sound, Leatherhead, in April 1991 (Sextet)

</doc>
<doc id="19046993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19046993" title="Beyuk Sovla">
Beyuk Sovla

Beyuk Sovla may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19047001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047001" title="Dmitry Shcherbachev">
Dmitry Shcherbachev

Dmitry Grigorevich Shcherbachev (1857–1932) served as a generally unsuccessful artillery commander in the Russian Army during World War I.
Shcherbachev advocated the use of French breakthrough tactics, consisting of heavy artillery attacks concentrated on a narrow front of the enemy's line. He was in command of the IX Infantry Corps at the outbreak of the war. Under the command of Nikolai Ivanov he used this tactic during the disastrous Russian campaigns in Galicia and Bessarabia.
In the Bessarabia offensive Shcherbachev led the Seventh Army. The breakthrough tactic allowed the defenders to attack his flanks, bringing the overall advance to a halt.
Likewise his tactics proved disastrous at the start of the Brusilov Offensive - some 20,000 men were lost in a failed attack along the Strypa. However, commander Alexei Brusilov's insistence on a secondary attack at Jaslowiec on 4 June 1916 produced the desired breakthrough. The southern wing of Bothmer, the German general, was turned.
This success enabled the rehabilitation of Shcherbachev's military reputation. In 11 April 1917 Shcherbachev replaced Andrei Zayonchkovsky as commander of the Romanian Front. After the Bolsheviks October Revolution in Petrograd was placed in charge by Symon Petlyura of the consolidated Ukrainian Front that united both the Southwestern and the Romanian fronts. On December 9, 1917 Shcherbachev signed a cease fire agreement with the Central Powers due to ongoing negotiations of the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk. Upon the declaration of independence of Ukraine in January 22, 1918 he resigned from his position and moved to Odessa where he joined the Committee of Southern Ukraine and later joined the government of General Wrangel. He subsequently fled into exile in France in 1919 and died in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="19047002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047002" title="Jeremy Strong (author)">
Jeremy Strong (author)

Jeremy Strong (born 18 November 1949) is an English children's author. He has published 77 children's novels.
Life and career.
When he was three years old he fell out of a first floor window and landed on his head, he broke his right arm and spent a week in hospital. After an eventful childhood, Strong left school in 1968 and studied English at York University. He held various vacation jobs, including at a bakery where he put the jam in doughnuts. After university he became a junior school teacher and also began his writing career. He left teaching in 1991 and has been writing full-time ever since. He visits schools and festivals worldwide. His story "There's A Viking In My Bed" was made into a BBC children's TV series. A number of his books have won awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19047010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047010" title="Online land planning">
Online land planning

Online land planning is a collaborative process in which sustainable development practices and design professionals from across the world are networked to provide advice and solutions on urban design and land planning issues. The target audience includes property owners, communities, businesses and government agencies that have limited access, time, finances or personnel to make informed decisions about land use. In many cases, this approach provides electronic documents that become the catalyst to rebuild after natural or man-made spur rural community development and stimulate or create a new microeconomy.
Importance of technology.
One goal of online land planning is the effective use of the internet to support information sharing and decision making from remote locations such as the home. The use of the Internet, coupled with software technology such as geographic information systems (GIS), allows municipalities and other public and private organizations to compile base information, exchange information, present solutions to land planning issues, and receive feedback vis the internet. Benefits for land development companies and real estate industry organizations like the Urban Land Institute[http://www.uli.org] include easier access to efficient digital planning technologies, along with the opportunity for immediate participation and feedback.
World-wide, local and regional governments have created their own websites with access to map-centric and entreprise GIS databases that provide operational and public-service resources.

</doc>
<doc id="19047045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047045" title="ICON Quote System">
ICON Quote System

The ICON Quote System or IQS is a free web-based ClickOnce program that permits the creation of varying designs of metal buildings online, view a real-time 3D rendering, and retrieve a set of plans via PDF. IQS runs on the Microsoft© .NET 3.5 platform. Originally released in 2005 as "QuotePlus", it is developed by ACEROCAD-CTS, and distributed by ICON Technology. Using a parametric feature based modeler the software creates shop drawings based on the real-time calculations. In 2008, the IQS version of ACEROCAD-CTS was released worldwide for public use and is the only online solid modeling quote system for metal buildings.
IQS facilitates viewing, manipulation, expansion, building-component additions, color selection, and other options to customize a building to the user’s needs. IQS also includes support for multiple video rendering types in order to optimise processor use. With (DirectX, Graphics Device Interface, and OpenGL), IQS is used to create the design of a metal building with the desired dimensions. 
IQS is based on ACEROCAD-CTS which is a fusion of several modern programming, engineering and development techniques that provide the same functions as traditional CAD programs without the processing overhead. 
Software version updates.
ACEROCAD-CTS and IQS has scheduled the release for multi-storey building design in June 2009. 
Code changes ((IBC 06) (FBC 07) (CBC 07) and others) for the United States have been maded through the following organizations: 
Many changes followed the adoption of the AISC 05, ASD 13th Edition and the revised 2001 (amended) North American Specification For Design Of Cold-Formed Steel Structural Members as published by the AISI. 
Specific changes had an effect on most of the computations and ACEROCAD-CTS / IQS follows the latest equations to calculate the C&C (components and cladding) design pressures, edge strip zones, extension loads, wind pressure and suction follows the exact formulas as prescribed by the current code and additionally performs a cross analysis of ASD, LRFD as follows.
As an integral part of the structure the cladding and components are considered and calculated to perform based on the codes safety requirements along with outputs of comprehensive calculations and reports that show complete load combinations, results and UC factors/ratios.

</doc>
<doc id="19047046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047046" title="Siren (comics)">
Siren (comics)

Siren, in comics, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19047048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047048" title="For Darfur">
For Darfur

For Darfur Inc. was a United States based non-profit organization aimed at raising awareness about the ongoing humanitarian conflict in Darfur, Sudan. It raised funds in order to bring aid packages via Doctors Without Borders to refugees affected by the conflict. By August 2008, the organization had raised over $1,000,000 through private fundraising and awareness events. In November 2007, For Darfur, in conjunction with fashion designer Lilly Pulitzer, held a fundraising cocktail party and auction in Palm Beach, Florida, and raised over $100,000. In May 2008, the organization produced and promoted Kanye West's Glow in the Dark Tour Concert at the AmericanAirlines Arena in Miami, Florida.
History.
For Darfur Inc. was founded by seven students from Saint Andrew's School in Boca Raton, Florida on January 31, 2007 as a way for teenagers to spread awareness of the Darfur conflict through fundraisers and events. Unlike the Save Darfur Coalition, For Darfur Inc. primarily focuses on staging concert productions. The organization grew from its initial seven members to well over 25 chapters in states across the United States.
For Darfur Inc. was founded by Gabriel Schillinger, Kayle Gishen, Grant Dubler, Matthew Teper, George Merck, Clea Stone, and Jimmy Sunshine .
Events.
The organization staged over 35 events since its inception. The majority of events focused on attracting teenagers such as concerts and club events. Events from 2007 included:
Kanye West concert for Darfur.
On May 6, 2008, For Darfur Inc. produced and promoted Kanye West's Glow in The Dark concert at the AmericanAirlines Arena in Miami, Florida. The concert was an awareness and fundraising show. It brought in over $500,000 that went directly to Doctors Without Borders and had a sellout crowd of over 12,000 people in attendance.
Mission statement.
The organization's mission statement was as follows:
Board members.
The organization was run entirely by high school, college, and university students. Its board members were:
Advisory board.
For Darfur Inc. also had an advisory board which consisted of Kenny Laguna, Adele Merck, Dr. Brent Schillinger, Mark Sunshine, Michael Epstein, and Rev. George Andrews II.
Awards.
The organization received numerous awards for its work in bringing the Darfur conflict to the forefront of teenagers across the country, and the Heroes in Medicine Award. For Darfur received the award in 2007-2008 for its efforts in bringing medical treatment to people affected by health issues resulting from the conflict.
Partnership with Doctors Without Borders.
For Darfur donated 80% of funds raised to Doctors Without Borders. For Darfur was at one point their single largest contributor.

</doc>
<doc id="19047072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047072" title="Vaccinate Alaska Coalition">
Vaccinate Alaska Coalition

The Vaccinate Alaska Coalition is a non-profit organization established to promote the immunization of Alaskan citizens and residents, and the reduction of vaccine-preventable diseases in Alaska. It is composed of health care individuals and organizations, and it directs a series of programs, coalitions, and activities designed to promote immunization.
Background.
While the coalition is an apolitical non-profit, it is sponsored by the Immunization Program of the Section of Epidemiology of the Division of Public Health of the State of Alaska, sharing office space and personnel with the program. Full voting membership is open to the public.
Organization.
Each individual member and each organization affiliated with the coalition has one vote, which can be exercised at quarterly general assembly meetings. The coalition is managed by a coordinator, with an executive board composed of a president, vice-president, treasurer, and secretary.
Programs.
The coalition focuses on publicizing and promoting immunizations. In addition to providing literature about immunizations to doctors and patients, the coalition provides a resource to physicians and nurses as well as health care organizations for information and concerns about vaccines. The coalition acts as a forum to encourage cooperation between the different members of the public health community in Alaska and helps coordinate efforts to expand immunization programs throughout the geographically challenging state.
The most prominent programs of the VAC is the I Did It By 2 campaign which utilizes the popularity of the Iditarod dog sled race to promote immunization awareness. The campaign involves providing Iditarod-themed promotional supplies to health care providers and materials to parents of infants to help keep track of their child's required immunizations. 
The coalition also highlights prominent members of the Alaskan health care community with the annual Excellence in Immunization Award, given to recognize individuals or organizations who have demonstrated commitment to improving the immunization status of Alaska.
See also.
Vaccinate Alaska Coalition 
The Alaska Immunization Program
The Immunization Action Coalition
References.
1. "Vaccinate Alaska Coalition" Division of Public Health, State of Alaska, 2008.
2. "Organization view: Vaccinate Alaska Coalition" Immunization Action Coalition, 2008.
3. "Vaccinate Alaska Coalition" GuideStar - JustGive.org, 2008 "(fiscal information)"

</doc>
<doc id="19047081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047081" title="Market Shipborough">
Market Shipborough

Market Shipborough is a fictional town and a civil parish set in the English county of Norfolk that is the central location for the ITV series "Kingdom". Market Shipborough is fictionally positioned 24.8 miles north north east of the town of Swaffham, 21 miles west of Cromer and 124 miles north north east of London. 
Location.
The town is based on the combination of the real Norfolk towns Swaffham and Wells-next-the-sea. The town sign shown depicts the Pedlar of Swaffham.
Also used in the film was Downham Market railway station which was Market Shipborough station. This brought a lot of excitement to the Fens.

</doc>
<doc id="19047083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047083" title="Gavin Power Plant">
Gavin Power Plant

General James M. Gavin Power Plant is a 2.6-Gigawatt coal-fired power station in Cheshire, Ohio, USA operated by American Electric Power. Named after James M. Gavin, it is the largest coal fired power facility in Ohio, and one of the largest in the nation. Its two units, rated at 1300 MWe each, were launched into service in 1974 and 1975. The plant is connected to the grid by 765 kilovolt transmission lines (the highest rated voltage in the United States). The plant is located upstream along the Ohio River from the smaller, older coal-fired Kyger Creek Power Plant. 

</doc>
<doc id="19047084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047084" title="List of butterflies of North America (Hesperiidae)">
List of butterflies of North America (Hesperiidae)


</doc>
<doc id="19047086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047086" title="Piano Circus">
Piano Circus

Piano Circus is a musical ensemble consisting of six pianists.
The original six-piano ensemble formed in 1989 to perform Steve Reich's "Six Pianos". Founder members included Kirsteen Davidson-Kelly, Richard Harris, Kate Heath, Max Richter, Ginny Strawson and John Wood.
Since then they have created a repertoire of over one hundred works, the majority of which have been written specially for the ensemble. These include pieces by Kevin Volans, Graham Fitkin, Brian Eno, Louis Andriessen, Erkki-Sven Tüür, Terry Riley, Nikki Yeoh, Michael Nyman, Robert Moran, Peter Bengtson, and Heiner Goebbels. Piano Circus has released seven CDs with Decca and now has three CDs available on its own label.
The six pianists – as of 2010, David Appleton, Paul Cassidy, Kate Halsall, Dawn Hardwick, Semra Kurutaç and James Young – have a broad range of experience, from traditional western classical music to jazz, pop and rock, African and Asian traditional music, improvisation and composition. Between them the members of Piano Circus work in collaboration with film and video makers, theatre and circus performers, dancers and choreographers, and in a variety of educational settings.
The group performs throughout the UK and internationally, with appearances at the South Bank Centre, London; Lincoln Center, New York; Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival, Edinburgh Festival, Bath International Festival, the Big Chill Enchanted Garden Festival, the Hong Kong and Singapore Festivals, the Istanbul Festival, NYYD festival (Estonia), Musica Ficta Festival (Lithuania), the CREA and 38eme Rugissants Festivals (France), Settembre Musica (Italy) and in Canada (Banff residency), the USA, Sweden, the Netherlands, Portugal and Spain.
Piano Circus are currently Associate Artists at Brunel University, London, where they have been working with composer Colin Riley and, through him, drummer Bill Bruford. An album of the new music, 'Skin and Wire', was released on Bill's label, Summerfold Records, in September 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19047096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047096" title="Sandokan the Great (film)">
Sandokan the Great (film)

Sandokan the Great () is a 1963 Italian adventure film directed by Umberto Lenzi and starring Steve Reeves.

</doc>
<doc id="19047105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047105" title="Fräulein Wunder">
Fräulein Wunder

Fräulein Wunder (German for "Miss Miracle") is a German Pop Rock band from Friedberg, Hesse.
Band history.
The four band members met in 2006 at a local hobby cellar their music idols regularly go to. In 2007, they wrote their first songs, and later, followed up with their first appearances. Initially, the group formed under the name "Puppenblut", but they briefly took the name sHERO until 2008. In one of their concerts, they were discovered by a label. The band shortly published their first album on August 29, 2008. They quickly followed up with their first single, "Wenn ich ein Junge wär", which made it to number 16 in the German single charts. In August and July 2008, the band aired several "Band Diaries" on Viva (TV station). In 2009, the band represented Hesse in the Bundesvision Song Contest and reached sixth place with their song "Sternradio".
In May 2011, Steffy revealed in an interview with Burning-Music.de that the band had broken up. She now plays bass for the Berlin pop/rock band SuperCircus.

</doc>
<doc id="19047106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047106" title="Bazayran">
Bazayran

Bazayran or Bozayran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19047126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047126" title="North China sika deer">
North China sika deer

The North China sika deer or Mandarin sika deer ("Cervus nippon mandarinus") is one of the many subspecies of sika deer. It is a large subspecies with some of the most prominent spots of all subspecies, which is permanent throughout the year. It previously inhabited lowland forests of North China Plain and Northeast China Plain. Because of intensive habitat alterations the subspecies was endangered centuries ago, surviving only in remote areas of northeastern China and the Qing Imperial Hunting Grounds. Though no surveys have been conducted on the subspecies' status, there have been no sightings for many decades and it is reasonable to presume that it is extinct in the wild. Although it is fairly common in zoos and purebred North China sika deer is a valuable breed in the Asian antler farming industry, the lack of suitable habitats and government efforts makes reintroduction impossible.

</doc>
<doc id="19047133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047133" title="Andrei Zayonchkovski">
Andrei Zayonchkovski

Andrei Medardovich Zayonchkovski or Zaionchkovski () ( - March 22, 1926) commanded the defence of the Romanian-Bulgarian border upon Romania's entry into World War I in August 1916.
Biography.
After graduation from the Nicholas School of Military Engineering (Nikolaevskoe Inzhenernoe Uchilishche) in 1882, Zayonchkovski served in the 5th Sapper Battalion. In 1888 he graduated from the General Staff Academy and served in various staff positions. 
During the Russo-Japanese War he commanded the 85th Vyborg Infantry Regiment and the 2nd brigade of the 3rd Siberian Infantry Division. 
During World War I Zayonchkovski commanded the 30th Army Corps. Following Romania's entry into the war on 27 August 1916, he commanded the Russian-Romanian army in charge of defending Dobruja against the Central Powers. He was relieved by general Dmitry Shcherbachev on April 1917 and was in retirement by the time of the October Revolution. 
In 1918 he joined the Red Army, serving in various staff positions. After the end of the Russian Civil War he switched to teaching in the Red Army Military Academy and writing. He wrote a two-volume overview of World War I military operations.
While a professor, "Zaionchkovski worked as an agent for the Soviet secret police at the same time he was head of the conspiratorial anti-Bolshevik Monarchist Union (The Trust)."

</doc>
<doc id="19047135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047135" title="Nardi FN.310">
Nardi FN.310

__NOTOC__
The Nardi FN.310 was an Italian four-seat touring monoplane similar but larger than the earlier Nardi FN.305 and produced by the Fratelli Nardi company.
Development.
First flown in 1936 the FN.310 was a four-seat touring monoplane poered by a single 200hp (149kW) Fiat A.70S radial engine. It had two pairs of side-by-side seats although an ambulance variant had room for stretcher instead of the rear seats. 

</doc>
<doc id="19047164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047164" title="Mikhail Tikhonravov">
Mikhail Tikhonravov

Mikhail Klavdievich Tikhonravov (July 29, 1900, Vladimir - March 3, 1974) was a Soviet pioneer of spacecraft design and rocketry. Mikhail Klavdievich attended the Zhukovsky Air Force Academy from 1922 to 1925, where he built gliders and was exposed to Konstantin Tsiolkovsky's ideas of spaceflight. In 1932, he joined GIRD, as one of the four brigade leaders. His brigade built the GIRD-09 rocket, fueled by liquid oxygen and jellied gasoline, and launched on August 17, 1933.
Tikhonravov remained in GIRD as it evolved into RNII, the jet propulsion institute, and then NII-1. In 1946, he became deputy chief of NII-4 in the Academy of Artillery Science. There, he led a team of researchers that did important studies on packet rockets, satellite orbital motion, optimal pitch control programs for launching into orbit, reentry trajectories and heat shielding. This team designed Sputnik-3, Luna-1, Luna-3, Luna-4 and the early Venus and Mars probes. In 1956, Sergey Korolev had Tikhonravov and his team transferred into his bureau, OKB-1.
Tikhonravov Crater on Mars is named after Mikhail Tikhonravov 

</doc>
<doc id="19047167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047167" title="Mark Roberts (actor)">
Mark Roberts (actor)

Mark Roberts (June 9, 1921 - January 5, 2006) was an American stage, film and television support actor who appeared in over 100 films between 1938 and 1994, according to the Internet Movie Database. Sometimes he was credited as Bob Scott, Robert E. Scott, or Robert Scott. He is survived by his three children.
Career.
A native of Denver, Colorado, Roberts made his cinematographical debut in "Brother Rat", a 1938 film directed by William Keighley and starred by Ronald Reagan, in which he played an uncredited bit role as Tripod Andrews. After that, he was billed as Robert Scott in three films before obtaining his first and only leading role in the 1944 Columbia serial "Black Arrow". He also served in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II. Following discharge, he acted under the name of Mark Roberts.
Roberts appeared (uncredited) in "It’s a Wonderful Life", the 1946 classic Frank Capra film, in which he and Carl (Alfalfa) Switzer played Mickey and Freddie Othello, respectively, the two guys who unlocked the gym floor at the high school dance scene, exposing the pool below, where George Bailey (James Stewart) and Mary Hatch (Donna Reed) ended up taking a bath.
Roberts later became a familiar face in selected drama and action television series. He starred as reporter Hildy Johnson in the 1949-1950 syndicated television series "The Front Page". In the 1960-1961 season, he joined Stephen Dunne (1918–1977) as fictitious brothers playing private detectives in the syndicated television series, "The Brothers Brannagan", which aired thirty-nine episodes. Roberts played Bob Brannagan; Dunne, Mike Brannagan. He made seven guest appearances on "Perry Mason", including two 1962 roles as the murder victim: title character Otto Gervaert/Gabe Phillips in "The Case of the Absent Artist," and Tod Richards in "The Case of the Playboy Pugilist."
Roberts made his last screen appearance in the short-lived 1994 sitcom "Monty".
Roberts died at the age of eighty-four in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19047198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047198" title="Vladimir Dragomirov">
Vladimir Dragomirov

Vladimir Mikhailovich Dragomirov (1862–1920) was a General in Imperial Russian Army.
He was the son of Mikhail Ivanovich Dragomirov, a prominent Russian General. His brother Abram Dragomirov, was also a General in the Imperial Russian Army.
Vladimir joined the Imperial Army, and in 1909 was District Quartermaster for the Kiev Military District, with the rank of Major General. He served as a Tsarist general for most of the First World War. He fought in Galicia and Volhynia in 1916, receiving wounds. In May 1917, following the February Revolution he was put in command of the Northern Front. Five months later Dragomirov succeeded Anton Denikin in command of the Southwestern Front.
Following the Bolshevik October Revolution, Dragomirov aligned himself with the counter-revolution and took up a leadership position among anti-Bolshevik White forces, placing himself at the head of an opposition Bolshevik administration in November 1918, meanwhile working closely with Denikin on the latter's military council.
He was appointed Military Governor at Kiev in October 1919. When Kiev fell to the polish Army the following year, he went missing presumed dead.

</doc>
<doc id="19047245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047245" title="Zhdanovsk">
Zhdanovsk

Zhdanovsk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19047296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047296" title="Mohammed ibn Hajj al-Tilimsani">
Mohammed ibn Hajj al-Tilimsani

Moḥammed ibn Hajj al-Abdari al-Tilmisani (or Mohammed Ibn Mohammed ibn Mohammed Abu Abdallah Ibn al-Hajj al-Abdari al-Fassi al-Tilamsani) (ca. 1258 – 1336) was a Moroccan writer, originating from Tlemcen. He was born in 1258 under the Ziyyanid rule.
Biography.
Mohammed ibn Hajj al-Tilimsani wrote "Madkhal Ash-Shara Ash-Shareef Ala Al-Mathahib" ("Introduction to Islamic Jurisprudence According to Schools of Thought"). The book was published in 4 volumes of over 300 large pages each. It treats many different subjects. His views are very much influenced by al-Ghazali's "Ihya’ ‘Ulum al-Din". He spent much of his life in Tunis and Egypt and, for some time, taught at the university of Fes, Al-Qarawiyyin. He was buried in Qarafa (Egypt).
He is not to be confused with Mohammed al-Abdari al-Hihi (full name :Abu Abdallah Mohammed ibn Mohammed ibn Ali ibn Ahmed ibn Masoud ibn Hajj al-Abdari al-Hihi, fl. ca. 1289) who wrote accounts of his travels. That writer is the author of "The Moroccan Journey" ("Al-Rihlah al-Magribiyyah"), an account of his journey to Mecca in 1289.
External links.
For a biography see [http://web.archive.org/web/20091027100858/http://geocities.com/mutmainaa/people/muhammad_al_hajj.html] (retrieved September 11, 2008) N.B. This site mistakenly assumes that the two authors are the same.

</doc>
<doc id="19047326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047326" title="Three Nights of Love">
Three Nights of Love

Three Nights of Love () is a 1964 drama film directed by Renato Castellani, Luigi Comencini and Franco Rossi and starring Adolfo Celi.

</doc>
<doc id="19047327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047327" title="Halberstädter Flugzeugwerke">
Halberstädter Flugzeugwerke

Halberstädter Flugzeugwerke or Halberstadt was a German aircraft manufacturer. It was formed in April 1912 as a British-German joint venture under the name "German Bristol works Flugzeuggesellschaft mbH" in Halberstadt. Initially the plant produced Bristol Boxkites and Bristol Prier monoplanes, but expanded into their own developments. In September 1913 the company was renamed Halberstädter Flugzeugwerke GmbH. The designers were Burkhardt and Voigt, and the technical director and chief engineer was Ing. Karl Tisza.

</doc>
<doc id="19047329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047329" title="Beynelmilel">
Beynelmilel

Beynelmilel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19047375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047375" title="Plymouth Sutton by-election, 1919">
Plymouth Sutton by-election, 1919

The Plymouth Sutton by-election, 1919 was a parliamentary by-election held on 28 November 1919 for the British House of Commons constituency of Sutton in the city of Plymouth, Devon.
The seat had become vacant when the constituency's Conservative Member of Parliament (MP), Waldorf Astor, succeeded to the peerage as the second Viscount Astor on the death of his father on 18 October 1919.
Astor had held the seat since the 1918 general election, and its predecessor Plymouth since the December 1910 general election.
Results.
Lady Astor retained the seat. She became the first woman to take up her seat in the Commons (the first woman to be elected, Countess Markievicz, the Sinn Féin MP for Dublin St Patrick's, refused to take her seat). 

</doc>
<doc id="19047383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047383" title="Bill Lindsay (baseball)">
Bill Lindsay (baseball)

William Gibbon "Bill" Lindsay (February 24, 1881 in Madison, North Carolina – July 14, 1963 in Greensboro, North Carolina) was a Major and Minor League baseball player. He batted left-handed and threw right-handed. Lindsay played several positions over his career, including second baseman, short stop and third baseman.
Lindsay's baseball career spanned over eight years. The pinnacle of his career was playing for the Cleveland Indians (known then as the Cleveland Naps) in 1911.
Lindsay was often referred to as "The Professor" due to his older age and college education. Lindsay was well educated in an era where few ballplayers experienced a formal education. He graduated from Guilford College in Greensboro, North Carolina. Lindsay also received an undergraduate degree at Haverford College. For post-graduate studies, he attended Harvard University and law school at Tulane University.
Lindsay's first year in professional baseball was 1908, playing for Winston-Salem in the Carolina Association. As the season came to a close his manager took the same job with the Memphis Turtles (later the Memphis Chicks) of the Southern Association. He asked Lindsay to follow and become the everyday short stop. Bill played with Memphis for rest of the 1908 season as well as part of the 1909 season.
In the early summer of 1909 Lindsay was traded to the New Orleans Pelicans, also of the Southern Association. Playing on this team is where he gained some of his notoriety. Lindsay remained with New Orleans for parts of 1909, 1910, 1911 and 1914. In 1910, the Pelicans won the Southern Association Championship with Lindsay at short stop. He played that season with a center fielder named Shoeless Joe Jackson.
With injuries to Nap Lajoie of the Cleveland Naps during the early 1911 season, Lindsay's contract was bought by the team to help shore up the infield. He played his first major league game on June 21, 1911 against Ty Cobb and the Detroit Tigers. Players on the Cleveland team during this time were Shoeless Joe Jackson, Cy Young and Nap Lajoie. Once Nap Lajoie recovered from his injuries, Lindsay was made expendable. He played 19 games with the Cleveland Naps. He batted .242 while mainly playing as a third baseman.
After he was made expendable by Cleveland, two separate American League clubs wanted to sign Lindsay but the Cleveland owner, Charles Somers, sent him to Cleveland's new farm team, the Portland Beavers. Charles Somers was one of the first owners to invest in "farm teams" as part of building a major league team. Lindsay spent parts of the 1911, 1912 and 1913 seasons with Portland of the Pacific Coast League.
Lindsay continued to play baseball for about four more years after his brief major league stint. He went back to play with New Orleans in 1914. In 1915 he played with both the Oakland Oaks of the PCL and Birmingham Barons of the Southern Association. Lindsay's last season in professional baseball was 1916. He played parts of the 1916 season with Birmingham and Norfolk (VA) of the Virginia League.

</doc>
<doc id="19047407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047407" title="2004 UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's 500 m time trial">
2004 UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's 500 m time trial

The Women's 500m Time Trial was one of the 6 women's events at the 2004 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, held in Melbourne, Australia.
17 Cyclists from 15 countries participated in the race. The Final was held on 30 May at 13:40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19047417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047417" title="Rational Synergy">
Rational Synergy

Rational Synergy is a software tool that provides software configuration management (SCM) capabilities for all artifacts related to software development including source code, documents and images as well as the final built software executable and libraries. Rational Synergy also provides the repository for the Rational change management tool known as Rational Change. Together these two tools form an integrated configuration management and change management environment that is used in software development organizations that need controlled SCM processes and an understanding of what is in a build of their software.
The name "Synergy" refers to its database level integration with Change Management that provides views into what is in a build in terms of defects.
History.
Synergy began life in 1988 as a research project for computer-aided software engineering by software developer Pete Orelup at Computers West of Irvine, California. Computers West was supporting itself through contract software development and an application for finance and insurance at automobile dealerships on the Pick OS, and probably had fewer than 10 employees.
In 1989, the company decided to pursue development of a software configuration management and version-control product, renamed itself CaseWare, and hired three more developers, Alan Wright, Kris Meissner, and Greg Holmberg. The system was re-imagined as a platform for building SCM systems running on Unix (Sun Solaris).
It was decided that a compiled language such as C++ was not sufficiently flexible, reliable, and productive, and so a new programming language was created, Accent. Accent has many features similar to Java, but pre-dates it by five years. It has a compiler that compiles to machine-independent byte-codes, and a virtual machine execution environment with automatic memory management. Except for the compiler and execution environment, the entire Amplify Control product was written in the Accent language, including a scalable, networked client-server architecture and use of a SQL database with a schema flexible enough to allow customer extension of the built-in data types in Accent without changes to the physical schema.
The system also included an automated, distributed build and continuous integration system, much like today's Maven and Hudson tools. The product was first released in 1990. Later a bug-tracking system was also built on the platform. 
The company was somewhat successful, but lacked experienced leadership and started to lose market-share to ClearCase. In 1991 the company was nearly broke and the original developers walked out en masse.
A new CEO, John Wark, was brought in, and the company was relaunched, although without the developers. Both the company and the product were renamed from CaseWare to Continuus Software in 1993. On July 29, 1999 Continuus Software announced a public offering listing its stock on the NASDAQ Stock Market. In October 2000, the Swedish software company Telelogic, agreed to purchase Continuus Software in a deal worth $42 million. Under Telelogic, Continuus was renamed to Synergy. In 2008 IBM announced that it had purchased Telelogic. Synergy was added to the IBM Rational family of SCM tools and named Rational Synergy.

</doc>
<doc id="19047418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047418" title="Spain national roller hockey team">
Spain national roller hockey team

Spain national roller hockey team is the national team side of Spain at international roller hockey. It is one of the best teams of the world and has been dominating both the Rink Hockey World Championship and the Rink Hockey European Championship in the last decade. They are the current holders of both titles, won in 2013 and 2012.
The Spain national side is Catalonia based, since roller hockey is specially popular in that Spanish region, although it also has first-class teams in other regions, like Galicia and the Canary Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="19047431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047431" title="Edith's Shopping Bag">
Edith's Shopping Bag

"Edith's Shopping Bag" (1976) is an American short documentary about the life of Edith Massey.

</doc>
<doc id="19047440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047440" title="Coral Press">
Coral Press

Coral Press is a small, New York City-based independent publisher of musical fiction. Founded in 2001 by Robert Dunn, it has a very specific author clientele and deals solely in books of musical fiction. Coral Press has been written up in Publishers Weekly as the preeminent publisher of musical fiction, and its efforts to create mus-fi as a new literary genre are bearing fruit. Books are distributed by Independent Publishers Group (IPG).
Novels include:
Many of the books have received their due share of critical praise, including:
"Pink Cadillac brings both of its milieus, the present world of record collecting and its 1950s Memphis setting, to brilliantly vivid life. Dunn has a remarkable ear for the nuances of dialogue, and he never misses a note. His astonishing portrayal of Thomas "Bearcat" Jackson, as a brilliant, flawed, larger-than-life tragic hero is achingly real."
—Karen McCullough, Scribes World
Coral Press books have also been featured on many literary review websites, such as Kirkus Reviews, Foreword Reviews, and Book List Online.
In 2011, Coral Press established Coral Press Arts, to publish photobooks. The first book was Robert Dunn's "OWS," about Occupy Wall Street. Photos from that book were in an International Center of Photography show in 2012. Later books include Dunn's ongoing series exploring the zone between the real and the imagined, "Angel Parade #1 and #2," and "Angel Parade #3 and #4." David Fratkin's "WHYDON'TYOUBEMYF*CKINGVALENTINE" came out in 2012, as well as Dunn's "Meeting Robert Frank." All Coral Press Arts photobooks are in the permanent collection of the International Center of Photography library.
Coral Press, blending writing and music, is also an innovator in transmedia. The book trailer for its novel "Meet the Annas" is the Squidoo example book trailer. A project is under way to produce an album of recordings celebrating Dyson Burnette, the singer-songwriter at the heart of the novel "Stations of the Cross".

</doc>
<doc id="19047461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047461" title="Monmouth order of battle">
Monmouth order of battle

The Battle of Monmouth on June 28, 1778 saw a colonial American army under Major General George Washington fight a British army led by Lieutenant General Henry Clinton. After evacuating Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on June 18, Clinton intended to march his 13,000-man army to New York City. Washington sent 6,400 troops commanded by Major General Charles Lee to attack the British column of march near Monmouth Court House, New Jersey. When Clinton counterattacked, Lee ordered his badly deployed troops to fall back immediately. Washington brought up 7,000 men to support Lee's withdrawing wing and held his ground against repeated British assaults. That evening Clinton retreated from the field and continued his march to Sandy Hook, where the British fleet waited to ferry his army to New York. Both armies' casualties were about even in the last major battle in the northern colonies. Lee was court martialed for his behavior during the battle.
British Army order of battle.
Lieutenant General Henry Clinton (12,000-13,000)
<br>Brigadier General Sir William Erskine, 1st Baronet, Quartermaster General
1st Division.
Lieutenant General Charles Cornwallis, 1st Marquess Cornwallis
2nd Division.
Lieutenant General Wilhelm von Knyphausen (not engaged)
American Army order of battle.
Major General George Washington (11,000)
Advanced Guard.
Major General Charles Lee
Right Wing.
"On command officers led detachments in the Advance Guard."
Left Wing.
Major General William Alexander, Lord Stirling
"Note that at Valley Forge, the Pennsylvania brigades were led by Colonel Thomas Hartley, Lieutenant Colonel William Butler, and Brigadier General Thomas Conway." 

</doc>
<doc id="19047468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047468" title="Kel Adagh">
Kel Adagh

The Kel Adagh (var. Kel Adrar, Kel Adghagh, less commonly Kel Ifoghas) are a Toureg confederation of clans (or ""Drum-Groups"") living in the region of the Adrar des Iforas highlands in Mali. The name comes from Tamasheq ""Kel"" ("those from/of") and ""Adagh"" (""Mountains""). In the modern era, not all Toureg in the Adrar des Iforas are Kel Adagh, while some Kel Adagh are spread through northern Niger and southern Algeria, with populations in Aïr, Tassili n'Ajjer and the Hoggar. Most Kel Adagh derive from Noble and Warrior castes and their tributaries.
Noble Kel Adagh in Ifoghas include:
Tributaries include around forty tribes, the more notable of which are :
2012 Tuareg rebellion.
In the months leading up to the 2012 Tuareg rebellion, the Islamist Iyad ag Ghaly reportedly attempted to take on the leadership of Kel Adagh, but was rejected. He responded by founding the Islamist group Ansar Dine.
In early 2012, the Tuareg fighters of the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad (MNLA) took control of several towns in northern Mali. The gains triggered a coup in Mali by mutinying soldiers, allowing the MNLA to take the regional capitals of Kidal, Gao, and Timbuktu. "TIME" describes Kel Adagh as "the Tuareg group most closely aligned with the rebellion".

</doc>
<doc id="19047475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047475" title="Pink String and Sealing Wax">
Pink String and Sealing Wax

Pink String and Sealing Wax is a 1945 British drama film directed by Robert Hamer and starring Mervyn Johns, Googie Withers and Gordon Jackson.

</doc>
<doc id="19047479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047479" title="Pete Anglesea">
Pete Anglesea

Peter Anglesea (born 30 October 1971 in Bolton, Lancashire, England) was a rugby union footballer who played back row and second for the Sale Sharks. Highly regarded by Sale when forced to retire through injury in 2006, he first took a role within the community team at Sale and is now part of the coaching set up. Anglesea also helps with coaching at Sale FC and Fylde rugby clubs.
Never capped at full international level, he did captain the England A Churchill Cup team in 2003.
Anglesea's club highlight is probably his "Man of the Match" performance in Sale's Parker Pen European Shield final win over Pontypridd in 2002. He was selected as club captain for the 2003-04 season and was a member of Sale's Guinness Premiership winning squad in 2005-06.
In December 2010, Anglesea took over as head coach for the remainder of the 2010/11 season. The previous coach, Mike Brewer, was sacked after Sale won just three of their first nine games of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19047504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047504" title="Chainpur">
Chainpur

Chainpur may refer to several places:

</doc>
<doc id="19047505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047505" title="Summers Residence">
Summers Residence

The Summers Residence, located at 1630 Revello Drive in the fictional city of Sunnydale, California, is the home of Buffy Summers and her family in the television show "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".
History.
Buffy Summers and her mother, Joyce, moved to 1630 Revello Drive, Sunnydale, California, from Los Angeles, following Buffy’s expulsion from Hemery High School for having burned down the school’s gymnasium in a fight against local vampires. Buffy’s friends, Xander Harris and Willow Rosenberg, were frequent visitors to the Summers' home, as was Buffy’s fellow slayer, Faith Lehane, and Buffy's boyfriend, the vampire Angel. Classmate Cordelia Chase also occasionally visited, as did Buffy's Watcher, Rupert Giles.
In season five, Buffy’s sister Dawn Summers joined Buffy and her mother as a resident in the house. After Joyce’s death, the house's occupants included (at various times) Willow and Tara, Xander, Giles, ex-demon Anya Jenkins, Amy Madison (while in rat form and briefly afterwards) reformed vampire Spike, reformed villain Andrew Wells, and several Potential Slayers. The house was their headquarters in the war against the First Evil and its henchmen.
Throughout the series, the residence was one of the chief sets for the television series. The set was last seen in the series finale "Chosen", and it possibly slid in the crater when the hellmouth was destroyed.
Behind the scenes.
The actual house that was used for exterior shots of Buffy’s fictional residence is an occupied house on a narrow, tree-lined suburban street in Torrance, California — three blocks north of Torrance High School, which doubled as Sunnydale High School. It was also used for some interior scenes during season one. However, according to Marti Noxon in a DVD commentary, after the explosion scene from the season three finale "Graduation Day" woke up residents, broke windows, and set off car alarms, the town of Torrance refused to allow the "Buffy" crew to film there again. As a result, exterior shots of the front of the house were rarely used again. 
Beginning in season seven the house began functioning as the main headquarters for the Scooby Gang, and as a result became the most heavily filmed-in location and the location to feature the most exposition writing, leading it to become the most hated of the "Buffy" sets by the crew for that year.

</doc>
<doc id="19047511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047511" title="K2 (building)">
K2 (building)

K2 is a residential tower block in Leeds, UK. The building is situated in the city centre, on Albion Street and Great George Street, opposite St John's Centre. The lower two floors contain commercial premises, including a Jongleurs Comedy Club, Bar Risa (a bar with a capacity of 1500) and formerly a Hard Rock Cafe. The building is the joint 9th tallest building in Leeds. The building has 20 stories and is tall. The commercial parts of the building are known as 'The Cube'. Ventura Outsourcing have of office space in the upper floors of 'The Cube'.
History.
The building was originally built in 1972, as Dudley House, an office block occupied by Leeds City Council, however by the early 2000s (decade), the building had been vacated and was looking tired. It was decided that it would better provide city centre flats. It was reclad and renamed K2.

</doc>
<doc id="19047520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047520" title="IV Corps (Pakistan)">
IV Corps (Pakistan)

The IV Corps is one of military administrative corps of Pakistan Army. Having established in 1965 after the Indo-Pakistani September War, it is currently stationed in Lahore, Punjab Province of Pakistan. The current corps commander is Lieutenant General Naweed Zaman.
History.
The corps was formed in 1965 and was the second corps level formation created by Pakistan Army. After independence, Pakistan had an organisation whereby all divisions were controlled directly by General Headquarters. Although a Corps would be raised in the late 1950s, it was found that the organisation was unwieldy, and thus orders for a second corps and a Field Army to control the two corps were given, the army was later disbanded.
1965 War.
The Corps and its assigned assets were still under the process of raising when war came. As a result it was in a unique position when it faced the Indian thrust at Lahore; it would be commanded directly from GHQ rather than from its own headquarters. Although it along with other forces assembled managed to repel the Indian attack, the lack of a fully functional corps HQ was felt.
Later the formation was one of two Pakistani corps at Chawinda, where it came under the effective control of the Pakistani commander in the sector; Tikka Khan. IV Corps artillery which was the only organic IV Corps formation to have fully stood up before the war would play a major part in the battle, and its performance was deemed to have been the decisive factor in the battle.
1971 War.
Immediately after the war, the corps was fully stood up. In 1971 it would go to war again, under command of Lt.Gen Bahadur Sher. With two divisions under command it would see skirmishes on the Wagha border area, and later it would capture the Husseinwala district in India, including Qaisar-e-Hind Fort.
Order of battle.
The corps order of battle is.

</doc>
<doc id="19047525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047525" title="Naval Aircraft Factory TG">
Naval Aircraft Factory TG

__NOTOC__
The Naval Aircraft Factory TG were a series of prototype seaplanes for gunnery training designed and built by the United States Navy's Naval Aircraft Factory. 
Development.
The TG was an equal-span biplane with tandem open cockpits. It had a large central float with a smaller stabilizing float underneath each wingtip. Five were built for evaluation designated TG-1, TG-2, TG-3, TG-4 and TG-5 and were generally similar. The TG-1, TG-3 and TG-4 had internal fuselage fuel tanks and the TG-2 and TG-5 had fuel tanks inside the central float.

</doc>
<doc id="19047540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047540" title="Tunisia–Turkey relations">
Tunisia–Turkey relations

Tunisian–Turkish relations are foreign relations between Tunisia and Turkey. Tunisia has an embassy in Ankara and a consulate-general in Istanbul. Turkey has an embassy in Tunis. Both countries are full members of the Union for the Mediterranean. Both countries have strong ethnic and cultures ties because of Ottoman times. As much as 25% of Tunisians are at least partially of Turkish descent.

</doc>
<doc id="19047570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047570" title="Boom goes the dynamite">
Boom goes the dynamite

Boom goes the dynamite! is the enthusiastic catchphrase coined by Ball State University sportscaster Brian Collins while covering the March 22, 2005 NBA game between the Indiana Pacers and New Jersey Nets. The phrase can be heard as Pacers shooting guard Fred Jones hits a 3 with 2:03 left in the first quarter.
During his freshman year, Collins agreed to appear on Ball State University's campus newscast in place of the regular sportscaster, who was ill. The teleprompter was operational, but an inexperienced operator accidentally fast-forwarded through the script, leaving Collins with no choice but to ad-lib most of his script. Eventually posted on YouTube, the newscast is now known as "the Collins incident" in communications classes.
Collins' sportscast was also featured on television and radio throughout the country and earned him an appearance on "The Late Show" (hosted by Ball State alumnus David Letterman).
A trademark application on the phrase was filed but ultimately abandoned by a San Diego-based speculator who offered it on t-shirts, saying that part of the proceeds would go to a scholarship fund at Ball State for journalism students. 
ESPN "SportsCenter" anchor Scott Van Pelt sent Collins words of encouragement and paid homage to him using the "boom" catchphrase on the air several times.
In 2009, the Fox Sports program "Best Damn Sports Show Period" called the clip the #1 biggest "sports blooper" in all of televised sports reporting history.
Collins, among other internet stars, is set to star in the upcoming film "The Chronicles of Rick Roll".

</doc>
<doc id="19047585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047585" title="Lauri Koskela">
Lauri Koskela

Lauri Koskela (May 16, 1907, Lapua – August 3, 1944) was a Finnish wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Koskela competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin where he received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "lightweight" class. He received a bronze medal at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="19047598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047598" title="Une liaison pornographique">
Une liaison pornographique

Une liaison pornographique (; US title: "An Affair of Love") is a 1999 romantic drama film by Frédéric Fonteyne, and written by Philippe Blasband.
Plot.
A man and a woman meet to fulfill a sexual fantasy. But slowly feelings emerge and create a relationship. Sex, it seems, is not the only thing that unites them.

</doc>
<doc id="19047613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047613" title="SPH MediaWorks">
SPH MediaWorks

SPH MediaWorks Ltd () was an ephemeral free-to-air terrestrial television broadcaster in Singapore. In 6 May 2001, SPH MediaWorks brought 2 alternative free-to-air terrestrial television channels to the audience in Singapore, operating SPH MediaWorks Channel U and SPH MediaWorks Channel i. 
A subsidiary of Singapore Press Holdings (SPH) through SPH Multimedia Ltd, SPH MediaWorks was originally set up to create variety and healthy competition with MediaCorp TV Singapore Pte Ltd (MediaCorp TV), MediaCorp TV12 Singapore Pte Ltd (MediaCorp TV12), and MediaCorp News Pte Ltd (MediaCorp News). 
SPH MediaWorks was widely praised for injecting more variety in local programming and for its creative innovations.
On 1 January 2005, SPH MediaWorks had its tearful closing ceremony, dissolving and disestablishing off the air and concluded with a closedown sign-off, in the early morning of final ceased transmission and died to exist upon the merging of operations with MediaCorp Television Broadcasting Arm (MediaCorp TV, MediaCorp TV12, and MediaCorp News), MediaCorp Studios Pte Ltd (MediaCorp Studios), and MediaCorp EagleVision Pte Ltd (MediaCorp EagleVision).
Merger.
On 17 September 2004, however, Singapore Press Holdings (SPH) and MediaCorp Singapore Pte Ltd (MediaCorp) announced that both companies had entered an agreement on merging the television operations of the two companies, of which operates the mainstream free-to-air terrestrial channels; MediaCorp TV Channel 5, MediaCorp TV Channel 8, MediaCorp TV TVMobile, SPH MediaWorks Channel U (优频道) and SPH MediaWorks Channel i. 
The other free-to-air terrestrial channels, MediaCorp TV12 Suria and MediaCorp TV12 Central run by MediaCorp TV12 and MediaCorp News Channel NewsAsia by MediaCorp News remained wholly owned and run by MediaCorp Pte Ltd, in contrast to the channels owned by MediaCorp TV Pte Ltd under the holding company of MediaCorp Television Broadcasting Arm (A MediaCorp Channel) as of 1 January 2005; MediaCorp Television Broadcasting Arm were 80% managed by MediaCorp and 20% by Singapore Press Holdings (SPH) through SPH Multimedia Ltd. The merger was seen as a move to reduce the losses faced by SPH since the launch of SPH MediaWorks Channel U and SPH MediaWorks Channel I, and to reduce the losses in the free newspaper market of "Today" faced by MediaCorp. 
Apart from the merging of local television operations, the merging package includes the merging of the free newspaper operations of both MediaCorp and Singapore Press Holdings (SPH). Streats, managed by Singapore Press Holdings (SPH) was merged into “Today”; Streats will cease its independent publication upon the completion of the merger. “Today” continues to be managed by MediaCorp solely.
The merger of the two companies was also the first of its kind in history; a merger between a government unit and a private organization. It is inevitable, as Singapore free to air television market is small. The fact that SPH MediaWorks keeps operating their broadcast business at a loss makes merger with MediaCorp, a larger more established broadcast giant a viable solution.
Milestones.
On 31 March 2000, Mr Lee Cheok Yew was appointed as the CEO of SPH MediaWorks Ltd. Mr Man Shu Sum and some of the MediaCorp artistes joined from SPH MediaWorks the former as Chief Operating Officer of MediaCorp. 
On 6 May 2001, SPH MediaWorks Channel U, a Mandarin channel and its English counterpart as SPH MediaWorks TV Works were launched. 
On 3 October 2001, SPH Radio Broadcasting Arm a joint management between SPH Multimedia and NTUC Media was launched as SPH UnionWorks; owns, manages, and operates UFM 1003 and WKRZ 91.3FM. Both radio stations were simply re-branded and resume operations of Heart 100.3FM and 91.3FM previously wholly owned by NTUC Media.
On 3 March 2002, SPH MediaWorks TV Works was renamed SPH MediaWorks Channel i.
On 4 December 2002, MediaWorks won the "Broadcaster of the Year" award in "Asia Television Awards". Channel U also bagged the "Channel of the Year" award.
Channel U too organises a charity show, "Ren Ci Charity Show", shortly after being named the Broadcaster of the Year. Ren Ci Charity Show bears similarity to those hosted by MediaCorp. Audience will be fed with intense performance presented by actors, actress and guest and encouraged to donate, commonly through telephone or mobile phone. However, this program does not make use of material incentive to encourage donations unlike any other charity shows going on then. With the great team effort of the Mediaworks team in both years of the show under SPH MediaWorks donations broke previously set records.
Mr Lee Cheok Yew resigned as CEO of SPH MediaWorks on 1 April 2003.
Channel i News won the "Best News Programme" of "Asia Television Awards" on 19 December 2003.
On 17 September 2004, MediaCorp CEO Ernest Wong struck a deal with SPH CEO Alan Chen to merge their mass-market television and free newspaper. The two media companies have previously been scathed and stifled by stiff and unhealthy competition from each other and the merger is widely seen as inevitable. MediaCorp Television Broadcasting Arm will be created upon the completion of merging. MediaCorp will have an 80% management while Singapore Press Holdings will own the remainder.
On 31 December 2004, MediaCorp and Singapore Press Holdings jointly announced that the merger is legally completed and that SPH MediaWorks Channel i after being seen as not commercially viable to maintain the channel (mainly due to the small English language television market in Singapore) was closing. It ceased transmission on Saturday (Weekend), 1 January 2005 at 01:30 am early dawn morning time (UTC+8).
Conclusion.
Despite being in the market for merely four years, MediaWorks had managed to emerge as an eminent competitor to the more established MediaCorp. 
Channel U was much praised for pioneering Mandarin-dubbed Korean dramas as well as Taiwanese television serials in their programmes. For example the TVB longest running drama series A Kindred Spirit was highly popular, and resulted in the rival company MediaCorp producing local marathon family drama series like Holland V and Double Happiness.
List of channels (until 31 December 2004).
This was the second Mandarin television channel in Singapore, which became defunct on 1 January 2005 after being transferred to Mediacorp's management under the MediaCorp TV Channel U name.
This was the second English television channel in Singapore, that ceased operations on 1 January 2005, due to the merger between SPH Mediaworks and Mediacorp. Its terrestrial frequency was re-used by (or this channel was replaced together with Kids Central and Arts Central under the) MediaCorp TV12 okto 3 years later.

</doc>
<doc id="19047616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047616" title="Thomas Rohregger">
Thomas Rohregger

Thomas Rohregger (born 23 December 1982) is an Austrian former professional road bicycle racer, who competed as a professional between 2005 and 2013. Over his career, Rohregger competed for , and .
Rohregger retired at the end of the 2013 season, after nine years as a professional.

</doc>
<doc id="19047629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047629" title="List of Celtic F.C. managers">
List of Celtic F.C. managers

This page is a list of the people to manage Celtic F.C..
"Information correct as 10 February 2012. Only official Scottish League, Scottish Cup, Scottish League Cup and European Competitions matches are counted"

</doc>
<doc id="19047631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047631" title="MediaWorks (publisher)">
MediaWorks (publisher)

In addition to publishing printed material, MediaWorks had been involved with the production of other media. They had developed and published visual novels for popular Japanese media franchises where many different forms of media are published for a given series. Such well-known series included "", "Shakugan no Shana", and "Strawberry Marshmallow". MediaWorks had also been involved in the production of anime television and original video animation series.
History.
In 1992, Kadokawa Shoten's president Haruki Kadokawa was devoting himself to the movie business, and his younger brother and vice-president of the company, Tsuguhiko Kadokawa, was in charge of magazines the company published. At the same time, Tsuguhiko was the president of Kadokawa's subsidiary Kadokawa Media Office which was in charge of publishing video game magazines like "Comptiq", and manga magazines targeted towards the male otaku crowd in Japan along centered around "media-mix" Japanese series where many different forms of media are published for a given series. Citing differences in the interests of business direction, Tsuguhiko resigned from Kadokawa Shoten to start MediaWorks on October 15, 1992, with a large contingent from Kadokawa Shoten employees joining him.
In 1993, due to an influence from the Tokyo Shock Boys, known in Japan as the , MediaWorks launched a series of magazines under the "Dengeki" line. These magazines were taken from previous publications that Kadokawa Media Office had published. The new magazines were named "Dengeki Super Famicom" (from Kadokawa's former magazine "Marushō Super Famicom"), "Dengeki PC Engine" (from Kadokawa's former magazine "Marushō PC Engine"), "Dengeki Comic Gao!" (from Kadokawa's former magazine "Comic Comp"), the now-defunct "Dengeki Oh" (taken from "Comptiq"), and the now-defunct "Dengeki Megadrive" (originally a special edition of "Dengeki PC Engine"). Also in 1993, Haruki Kadokawa was arrested for cocaine smuggling and lost his presidency at Kadokawa Shoten, which was soon taken over by Tsuguhiko Kadokawa in addition to his presidency of MediaWorks; MediaWorks was later made a subsidiary of Kadokawa Shoten in 2002. MediaWorks became a member of Kadokawa Group Holdings, and after Enterbrain became a member of the same group, Enterbrain's "Famitsu" line and MediaWorks' "Dengeki" line started to compete against each other, especially in terms of presenting information pertaining to bishōjo games. By 2001, MediaWorks specialized in publishing light novels, manga, video games, and magazines pertaining to such media. The company was merged with ASCII on April 1, 2008, and became ASCII Media Works.
Video games.
MediaWorks had been in the business of developing and producing video games of series that have light novels or manga published by MediaWorks. These games were typically visual novels, a genre of adventure games, but some have also been sound novels, which has less attributes of an adventure game than a normal visual novel. The video games produced were ported to the PlayStation 2 or Nintendo DS. Earlier games like "Emerald Dragon" and "Ojōsama Express" were ported to the PC Engine, Super Nintendo, Sega Saturn, and PlayStation. Other games, like those based on the "Shakugan no Shana" series, were ported to both the PS2 and DS. A section of MediaWorks known as DS Dengeki Bunko produced sound novels playable on the Nintendo DS based from light novels published under MediaWorks' Dengeki Bunko publishing label. These included: "Allison", "Baccano!", "Inukami!", and "Iriya no Sora, UFO no Natsu".

</doc>
<doc id="19047650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047650" title="Decay Music">
Decay Music

Decay Music is the 1976 debut album by Michael Nyman, released on Brian Eno's Obscure Records music label. The two works on the album, "1-100" (composed 1 December 1975) and "Bell Set No. 1" (1974) are both built around the musical concept of decay. Both of these experiment with percussive, long decay musical forms. "1-100" is played at half the speed it was recorded. It was written for Peter Greenaway's film of the same title, but rejected because it was too long. It was inspired by Frederic Rzewski's "Les Moutons de Panurge", which Nyman often played with the Scratch Orchestra.
The album was first issued on compact disc on March 29, 2004, by EMI/Virgin. The original full-speed recording of "1-100" is included as a bonus track.

</doc>
<doc id="19047653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047653" title="The Private's Letter">
The Private's Letter

The Private's letter (이등병의 편지) is a South Korean folk song written and composed by "Kim Hyun Sung", who was the first to sing the song. Later the song became well-known because Kim Kwang Seok's remake. He performed the song while playing an acoustic guitar and harmonica.
Lyrics.
The lyrics of the song are in the form of a monologue or of a letter from an enlisted soldier written to friends. Since the Korean War, military service is mandatory to all males in South Korea. South Korean men are conscripted at the age of twenty. The song shows the sadness draftees endured during separation from parents, loved ones, close friends, and their homes. However, the song ends with a promise from the narrator to himself that "the military service year is not the end of his youth but the start of another stage."
Translation.
After leaving home and riding a train, the day going to recruit training center
When I walk out the door, after bowing down to my parents
In my heart there remains something like wistfulness but
A blade of grass, a friend's face, everything feels new
Now it's a start again, the life of my young days
Friends, do write me if I am in the army
Lest I should forget the delighted days I had with you
Hotness, holding two hands when the train time comes near
Appearances growing smaller when the train whistles getting farther
Now it's a start again, the dreams of my young days
My shortly cut hair looks funny at first
My reflection shone in the mirror, hardens with my mind
If I climb to the back hill, would I see my town
If the horn sound spreads silently in the night sky
Please fold a private's letter carefully and send it
Now it's a start again, the dreams of my young days

</doc>
<doc id="19047675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047675" title="MediaWorks New Zealand">
MediaWorks New Zealand

MediaWorks New Zealand is a New Zealand-based television, radio and interactive media company entirely owned by the Ironbridge Capital group. It operates playout services from Auckland and Wellington studios via Kordia's microwave network for 3 News, TV3, FOUR and C4, ten radio networks, eighteen websites and three locally operated non-networked radio stations. 
In 2004, CanWest Global Communications combined television company "TV3 Network Services" and radio company "RadioWorks" to form the new MediaWorks company. On 29 July 2004, 30% of this new company was sold on the NZSX. Three years later, in July 2007, CanWest sold its stake of the company to Ironbridge Capital, a group of Australian investors, who subsequently obtained the remaining 30% from other investors. MediaWorks is significantly larger than any of its other investments. In June 2013, with over NZ$700 million in debt, MediaWorks NZ was put into receivership. Despite this, none of its operations are so far affected, nor are there any job losses planned.
Television.
MediaWorks has owned TV3 and C4 since its inception in 2004. TV3 was founded in 1989 after the Fourth Labour government allowed for a private television broadcaster and CanWest obtained TV3 between 1991 and 1997 after the National government loosened rules on foreign ownership. Under CanWest control, TV3 relaunched in March 1998 with a new brand and a 3 News bulletin hosted by John Campbell and Carol Hirschfeld. In 2005, Hilary Barry & Mike McRoberts became the station's news anchors. TV3 staff also launched youth station TV4 in 1997 and relaunched it as C4 in 2003 - it is now known as FOUR. The C4 brand is still used for a channel, mainly broadcasting music videos.
Both networks operate out of Auckland City. Television advertising is sold by the MediaWorks offices in Auckland, Wellington, Christchurch, Melbourne, Sydney and Hamilton. There are 3 News bureaus in the TV3 Headquarters in Auckland and MediaWorks offices in Wellington, Christchurch and Dunedin, with news staff working out of other offices as needed.
Radio.
MediaWorks inherited most of its radio stations from its namesake RadioWorks, which was itself the result of a history of amalgamations. That history began when Radio Pacific purchased the "Energy Enterprises" group of local North Island stations in the 1990s and began to operate as "Pacific/Radioworks Group". In 1999 Radio Pacific and Radio Otago merged to form the publicly listed company RadioWorks; this included the growing networks of The Edge, The Rock and Solid Gold. Between 2000 and 2001 CanWest purchased RadioWorks, awaiting company restructuring before completing the year-long takeover, and moved its existing MORE FM group assets, including Channel Z and The Breeze Wellington, into the company.
Since its inception in 2004, MediaWorks have moved its local stations over to More FM and The Breeze network; all these stations now carry the network branding and some or all of the network's programming. At the same time, MediaWorks have rolled out new networks Radio Live and Kiwi FM, converted Radio Pacific to LiveSport, and purchased networks Mai FM and George FM. MediaWorks owns Times FM in Orewa, Coromandel FM on the Coromandel Peninsula and Radio Dunedin in Otago.
All MediaWorks owned and affiliated stations read or carry Radio Live News updates hourly or half hourly during their weekday breakfast programmes. Most also carry pre-recorded news and sports updates hourly at other times. Radio Live News took over from the RadioWorks news service, Global News, with the launch of Radio Live in 2005.
Controversy erupted over a $43 million loan guarantee made by the Government to MediaWorks, with critics citing Communications Minister Steven Joyce's conflict of interest as past managing director of the company's RadioWorks division.
Networked stations.
While most networked stations carry network programming, each station is local to a certain extent. More FM and The Breeze stations may have their own breakfast, daytime and drive programmes. Most networked stations carry local advertisements, promotions and community notices, sponsor or report from local events, provide local traffic updates and have local news and sports commentary spots.
Interactive.
MediaWorks Interactive consists of the 3 News website, the official websites of the company's television and radio networks, and six specialist websites set up since the department was formed in 2004. The Interactive department designs, maintains and sells advertising on all eighteen websites. Most websites have a similar layout and a MediaWorks link bar at the top of every page.
The 3 News website is the flagship news website of MediaWorks, and is continuously updated by the company's journalists. It claims to have provided the first video coverage and breaking news coverage of several events, including being the first website to have posted the verdict of the retrial of David Bain in 2009. It includes sections on national, world, sport, business, entertainment, politics, lifestyle, technology and odd news, as well as weather forecasts, information on 3 News programmes and a news forum. The other websites carry feeds from relevant sections.

</doc>
<doc id="19047689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047689" title="Barloworld Limited">
Barloworld Limited

Barloworld Limited is an industrial brand management company, founded in South Africa. Once a large conglomerate with many unrelated businesses, ranging at various times from mining, information technology and building materials to motor vehicles, it has repositioned itself as an industrial brand management company and unbundled many of its assets. Its headquarters are at the sprawling Barlow Park campus in Sandton, Johannesburg. It had been sponsor of the Barloword cycling team.
History.
Barloworld was founded in Durban by Major Ernest (Billy) Barlow in 1902, selling wool products, and later engineering equipment. It was expanded by his son Charles Sydney (Punch) Barlow who expanded into the sale and service of Caterpillar products. Barlow entered the motor business, and eventually expanded into the manufacture of cement, paint, stainless steel and household appliances, as well as mining, through the acquisition of Rand Mines Limited, with the new company called Barlow Rand.
Subsidiaries.
The group's subsidiaries include Barloworld Automotive, Barloworld Handling, Barloworld Logistics and Barloworld Equipment. Barloworld unbundled its interests in Pretoria Portland Cement and Barloworld Coatings (best known for the Plascon brand) in 2007. In March 2005, Barloworld bought Avis Southern Africa acquiring full ownership of the company.

</doc>
<doc id="19047695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047695" title="Central Manufacturing District">
Central Manufacturing District

The Central Manufacturing District of Chicago is a area of the city in which private decisionmakers planned the structure of the district and its internal regulation, including the provision of vital services ordinarily considered to be outside the scope of private enterprise. In 1892, Frederick Henry Prince, a financier and railroad magnate, acquired south Chicago's Central Junction Railway, which connected the Union Stockyards with Chicago's major trunk lines to other cities. The CMD began in 1905 by developing a square mile adjacent to the Union Stockyards. Seeing that the stockyards would not provide enough business for his railway, Prince began purchasing adjacent land, ultimately erecting $20 million ($400 million in 1999 dollars) worth of streets, sewers, rail facilities, docks, and other improvements. The district had its own architectural department and its own engineers to supervise the construction that it provided for its customers. It has been described as the nation’s first planned industrial district.
The private railroad police that patrolled the Chicago Junction Railway had an approximately 100 percent conviction rate; private security also patrolled the grounds on motorcycle. Fire safety was assured by spreading apart the buildings, by wire-glass windows and metal frames, and by the CMD's 250,000-gallon sprinkler tower. According to "Central Manufacturing District Magazine", lots were standardized "to accommodate the most economical building units, to eliminate waste ground, and to give an ideal arrangement of improvements and facilities with easy accessibility." Concrete tunnels were dug between plants and the CMD's freight station so that electric tractors could haul goods back and forth. Only one out of the CMD's hundreds of companies failed during the Great Depression. The CMD reduced rental and interest payments, extended credit, and forgave temporary mispayments during the 1930s. Prominent businesspeople of the district joined the CMD Club, which held various social activities. The CMD bragged of good housing "built for workers at cost" that could be found near the CMD's plants.
The Central Manufacturing has sold off many of its original properties, and no longer manages its remaining Chicago holdings, as it did before 1964. The CMD Company, however, still has the Itasca industrial park, the St. Charles Business Park, and an industrial park in Phoenix. Moreover, Centex and other companies have imitated CMD's concept of private development and central services. In Los Angeles, a large industrial tract was also promoted by the Central Manufacturing District of Chicago.
Governance.
Prince served as one of the CMD's two trustees from its founding. His descendants continue to play a role in the CMD Company's management.
Geography.
The CMD was located in the south of Chicago. By 1923, 48 percent of Chicago's population lived within four miles (6 km) of the CMD. The CMD provided centralized services in transportation, construction, finance, and diverse other services. The south bend of the Chicago River provided easy water transportation. Chicago itself lay at the geographical nexus of the nation's productive activity, at the center of its markets and the hub of its railways.

</doc>
<doc id="19047716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047716" title="49 Squadron">
49 Squadron

49 Squadron or 49th Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19047728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047728" title="Oddbjørn Hågård">
Oddbjørn Hågård

Oddbjørn Hågård (14 July 1940 – 20 February 2013) was a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party.
Born in Ørland, Hågård took commerce school in 1958, agricultural school in 1962 and artium in 1963. He then enrolled in higher education, graduating from the Norwegian College of Agriculture in 1966. He was a schoolteacher for two years before being hired as municipal agronomist in Åfjord, where he stayed until 1972. He was elected to Åfjord municipal council in 1971 before moving away.
He was the municipal agronomist in Røros from 1972 to 1974, and was then hired as livestock consultant in Ørland and Bjugn. From 1980 to 1985 and 1989 to 1994 he was again municipal agronomist, now in Ørland.
While living here was elected into local politics again, serving as mayor of Ørland from 1975 to 1983. He was elected to the Parliament of Norway from Sør-Trøndelag in 1985, but was not re-elected in 1989. He had previously served as a deputy representative during the term 1981–1985. In Parliament he served in the Standing Committee on Agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="19047741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047741" title="Dühring's rule">
Dühring's rule

Dühring's rule states that a linear relationship exists between the temperatures at which two solutions exert the same vapor pressure. The rule is often used to compare a pure liquid and a solution at a given concentration.
Dühring's plot is a graphical representation of such a relationship, typically with the pure liquid's boiling point along the x-axis and the mixture's boiling point along the y-axis; each line of the graph represents a constant concentration.

</doc>
<doc id="19047748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047748" title="List of Libya national futsal team matches">
List of Libya national futsal team matches

These are the matches played by Libya national futsal team, matches will be added as soon as the team play them

</doc>
<doc id="19047768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047768" title="Matsieng Footprints">
Matsieng Footprints

The Matsieng Footprints are engraved footprints found in southern Botswana north of the capital city Gaboronelast 2000 years, a legend speaks of a giant and ancestor of the Batswana (Tswana tribe) that led his people from the center of the earth to inhabit the world. The site was most likely created by the much older bushman tribes. The footprints there does not appear to be a natural footprint, rather one can find them as carved outlines of foot prints. The water in the waterholes are said to be used for tribal rituals and it can anticipated that these foot prints may be a part of some rituals conducted near these water holes or this can be as simple as some ancient carvings.
The site contains up to 117 engravings and three natural rock-holes, dating back between 3,000 to 10,000 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19047776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047776" title="Bilavar">
Bilavar

Bilavar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19047841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047841" title="Here Comes the Summer">
Here Comes the Summer

"Here Comes the Summer" is a punk rock song originally written and recorded by Northern Irish band The Undertones. The song was inspired by The Ramones and written in 1978 by the band's main songwriter, John O'Neill. It was included, initially as an album track, on their eponymous debut LP, which was released in May 1979.
A faster version of "Here Comes the Summer" was recorded in mid-1979 and released on 13 July, reaching number 34 in the UK Singles Chart on 4 August that year. It was The Undertones fourth single and, at just one minute and 45 seconds long, is their shortest single.
The initial album recording of "Here Comes the Summer" was first released on CD by Dojo Records under the title "The Undertones, the original album of The Undertones." The album recording was also released on the 2009 Salvo Music re-release of the Undertones' eponymous debut album. 

</doc>
<doc id="19047867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047867" title="Marie Muller">
Marie Muller

Marie Muller (born 29 July 1985 in Filderstadt) is a Luxembourger judoka.
Biography.
Marie Muller's first official competition was the EM U23 tournament in Ljubljana 2004, where she finished in third place. Since that competition Marie has participated in about 20 tournaments including the Beijing Olympic Games in China 2008. Her best achievement besides participating in the Olympics was first place in the Swedish open in 2007 and first place in the 2008 A-World Cup (Birmingham).
Main results.
2008 – A-World Cup in Birmingham
2008 – Summer Olympics Beijing (−52 kg) – 9th place
2008 – World cup in Moscow – 5th place
2007 – Monaco games – 1st place
2007 – Sweden Open – 1st place
2006 – DHM Braunschweig – 1st place
Results in 2008 Summer Olympics – Beijing.
08/10/2008 – Marie Muller x Soraya Haddad – Algeria (00001–0211)
08/10/2008 – Marie Muller x Hortance Diedhiou – Senegal (1001–0001)
08/10/2008 – Marie Muller x Kyungok Kim – South Korea (0001–0010)

</doc>
<doc id="19047880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047880" title="Yoh Services">
Yoh Services

Yoh Services LLC is an American talent and outsourcing company headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Yoh’s primary services include temporary placement, direct hire, managed staffing services and outsourced solutions. The company specializes in providing short- and long-term professionals for the information technology, scientific, clinical, engineering, health care, telecommunications and industrial industries.
History.
Yoh was founded in 1940 as Duncan Tool Design. As the country's first temporary technical staffing firm, Yoh got its start by staffing the United States government and industry’s engineering needs during World War II. 
Yoh is a business unit in the larger company Day & Zimmermann. It is headquartered in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="19047917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047917" title="True Entertainment">
True Entertainment

True Entertainment is the television channel in the United Kingdom that replaced Showcase TV on 3 August 2009. The change was originally scheduled to happen on 1 July 2009, but a late change put the change "on hold until further notice". True Entertainment launched on August 3, 2009. Whilst the bulk of its current programming is movies, similar to sister channels True Movies 1 and True Movies 2; the channel aims to establish itself as a general entertainment channel.
Its licence first appeared on the Ofcom website in January 2007 (initially named "Toon TV", this was changed to AnimeCentral in June 2007, to True Entertainment in June 2008, and to Showcase TV on August 26, 2008. It the changed again to True Entertainment on 10 June 2009. Its logo is the same as the True Movies 1 and True Movies 2.
On 5 July 2010, True Entertainment launched on Freesat channel 142. On 1 March 2011, True Entertainment launched on Virgin Media channel 189. True Entertainment launched on Freeview channel 61 with the exception of transmitters in Wales, on 6 August 2013. It was accompanied by a refreshed schedule to take into account the new Freeview viewers.
True Entertainment +1, a one hour timeshift channel, was launched on 25 February 2013. The channel was replaced by True Drama on 4 June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19047922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047922" title="Angelus Memorial Park">
Angelus Memorial Park

Angelus Memorial Park, also known as Evergreen Memorial Cemetery, is located in Anchorage, Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="19047962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047962" title="Luigi Pigorini">
Luigi Pigorini

Luigi Pigorini (10 January 1842 – 1 April 1925) was an Italian palaeoethnologist, archaeologist and ethnographer.
Biography.
Pigorini was born at Fontanellato, near Parma.
At the age of sixteen years, in 1858, he became an alumnus of the Museo d'Antichità di Parma or Museum of Antiquities of Parma
(now Parma Archaeological Museum). He later encountered Pellegrino Strobel, the professor of Natural Sciences at the University of Parma and Gaetano Chierici, director of the Gabinetto di Antichità Patrie di Reggio Emilia or Cabinet of Antiquities of the native land of Reggio Emilia (now Musei Civici di Reggio Emilia [http://musei.comune.re.it/museo/museire.nsf/pagine/B91F36D4E3C4526DC1256ECF0055C2E6?OpenDocument]) and began archaeological research in the territory of Parmesan. In 1863 he began to travel in Switzerland
and Tuscany, and also studied in Rome and Naples.
He ran a course in Parma where he resorted to various materials in order to explain the uses and the functions of
prehistoric tools. A few years later after becoming a Bachelor of Arts in Political and Administrative Sciences he became director of the Museum of Antiquity of Parma.
In 1875 he founded with Chierici and Strobel a paleoethnological journal "Bollettino di Paletnologia Italiana" and, in the same year, began working in the Archaeological Director General's office in Rome (Direzione Generale dei Musei e degli Scavi d'Antichità del Regno a Roma) where he proposed to the Minister of Public education, Bonghi, the foundation of the Pigorini National Museum of Prehistory and Ethnography in Rome, that was inaugurated in 1876 and which bears his name. For his outstanding contribution to Italian archaeology he was nominated a Senatore a vita in 1912 and was vice president of the Italian Senate in 1919 remaining so until his death in Padua in 1925.
Achievements.
Pigorini's work with Strobel on the lake-dwelling Terramara is a seminal work of prehistory informed by uniting paleontology, botany, zoology, entomology, palynology, geology, anthropology and archaeology to build a complete picture of these bronze age communities.

</doc>
<doc id="19047963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047963" title="Navajo AIDS Network">
Navajo AIDS Network

The Navajo AIDS Network (NAN) is a Chinle, Arizona-based HIV prevention and AIDS service organization for American Indians who reside within the Navajo Nation, located in western New Mexico and eastern Arizona. NAN was founded in 1990 as a volunteer organization and was incorporated as a 501(c)3 non-profit in 1993. 
NAN, which operates independently of the Navajo tribal government, has offered anonymous HIV testing and references to medical services. It has also distributed condoms to help prevent the spread of HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.
NAN has also worked to further the cause of raising tolerance for the homosexual, bisexual and transgender members of the Navajo Nation, who had traditionally not been able to openly discuss their sexuality. In 2005, NAN sponsored the first Summer Gathering, which focused on health and social issues relating specifically to the Navajo LGBT community.

</doc>
<doc id="19047968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19047968" title="Kel Gres">
Kel Gres

The Kel Gres are a Toureg confederation of clans (or ""Drum-groups"") who in the modern era have mostly lived in south central Niger, though who have a history of occupation of the Aïr Mountains prior to the 17th century. As pastoralists, the Kel Gress also have a tradition seasonal transhumance cycle which takes them far from their more settled communities in the Zinder and Tahoua Regions.
References.
Portions of this article were translated from the French language Wikipedia article :fr:Kel Gress, 2008-08-26.

</doc>
<doc id="19048015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048015" title="Matías de Irigoyen">
Matías de Irigoyen

Matías Miguel de Irigoyen (Buenos Aires, Argentina, 1781 – Buenos Aires, Argentina, 1839) was an Argentine soldier and politician.
He travelled to Spain as a child, entered the navy in his youth, and was wounded at the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805. Returned to Buenos Aires in 1809 and took part in the May Revolution. Irigoyen was the first ambassador named by the revolutionary government to be posted in Europe. After passing through Río de Janeiro, where he met the British ambassador, Lord Strangford, he traveled to London. After a relatively short stay he returned to Buenos Aires.
Between 18 April and 20 April 1815 he was part along with José de San Martín and Manuel de Sarratea, of the short-lived Third Triumvirate, after the ouster of the Supreme Director Carlos María de Alvear. The naming of José Rondeau as Supreme Director ended this Triumvirate.
From 1817 to 1820 he served as Minister of War and Navy for the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata, during the governments of Juan Martín de Pueyrredón, José Rondeau and Juan Pedro Aguirre y López. After the Battle of Cepeda in February 1820, Irigoyen was named Governor-Mayor of Buenos Aires (9 February to 11 February), but because of the dissolution of the Directorate and the formation of provincial governments, he was posted as provisional governor of the newly created Buenos Aires Province until the assumption of Manuel de Sarratea. He only occupied the post from 11 February to 18 February 1820.

</doc>
<doc id="19048082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048082" title="William Rowley (Royal Navy officer)">
William Rowley (Royal Navy officer)

Admiral of the Fleet Sir William Rowley KB (c. 1690 – 1 January 1768) was a British naval commander who distinguished himself during the War of the Austrian Succession and also became a Member of Parliament.
Naval career.
Born the second son of William Rowley and his wife, Elizabeth Dawson, Rowley joined the Royal Navy as a volunteer in 1704. Promoted to Captain in 1716, he was given command of HMS "Bideford" and then transferred to HMS "Lively" in 1719. Appointed to HMS "Barfleur" in 1741, he greatly distinguished himself in the Battle of Toulon which was lost to the Spanish in 1744. He became Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Fleet in the Mediterranean in 1745 and successfully kept the Spanish and French fleets out of the area.
He became Rear-Admiral in 1747, Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty in 1751 and Admiral of the Fleet on 17 December 1762.
Rowley entered Parliament in 1750 as member for Taunton, and represented that town until 1754. in that year he was chosen to represent Portsmouth until 1761.
He died in 1768 and is presumed to have been buried at Stoke-by-Nayland in Suffolk.
Family.
William Rowley married Arabella Dawson and had five four sons and one daughter. Several of his descendants reached high positions in the Navy: 

</doc>
<doc id="19048086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048086" title="George II, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau">
George II, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau

George II, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau (1454 – 25 April 1509) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Dessau.
He was the fourth son of George I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, as second-born child of his fourth wife Anna, daughter of Albert VIII, Count of Lindau-Ruppin.
Life.
After the death of his father in 1474, George inherited Anhalt-Dessau alongside his older brothers Ernest I and Sigismund III and his younger brother Rudolph IV. Following the family law of the House of Ascania, this did not involve a division of the territories within the principality.
During life of his father, George was made "Mitherr" (co-ruler) of Köthen (1471) alongside his elder half-brother Waldemar VI, but soon resigned in Waldemar's favor. In 1480 he was made "Lord of Hoym and Wörlitz" and appointed "Pfandherr of Crossen, Cottbus and Peitz," a post he held until 1508.
In 1478 George married Agnes (ca. 1434 – Bernburg, 9 May 1512), daughter of Barnim VIII, Duke of Pomerania, and widow of Frederick of Altmark, son of Frederick I, Elector of Brandenburg. She was almost twenty years his senior and their union was childless, although some sources assert the existence of a child who was either stillborn or died shortly after the birth.
On his death, George was succeeded by his surviving brothers and co-rulers Ernest I and Rudolph IV.

</doc>
<doc id="19048093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048093" title="Colourpoint">
Colourpoint

Colorpoint or Colourpoint may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19048097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048097" title="Steve Moore (footballer)">
Steve Moore (footballer)

Steve Moore (born 17 December 1969, Chester) is an English former footballer. He made two professional appearances for his hometown club, Chester City in the 1987–88 season.
As a 17 year old apprentice Moore was given his first–team debut for Chester (and only league appearance) as a substitute for Barry Butler in a 5–0 defeat at home to Northampton Town on 15 August 1987, the first day two substitutes could be used in The Football League. Three days later Moore wore the number two shirt away at Blackpool in the Littlewoods Cup despite usually being a forward. He did not make any more appearances at first–team level and drifted into non–league football with Rhyl.

</doc>
<doc id="19048117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048117" title="DRG locomotive types">
DRG locomotive types

The locomotive type ("Gattungszeichen") of a German steam locomotive was a secondary classification system introduced after 1924 by the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG) and comprised four parts:
Example: A DRG Class 01 express train locomotive had the following type classification: S36.20.
That meant: Express train locomotive (Schnellzuglokomotive) with 3 coupled axles, a total of 6 axles and an axle load of 20 tonnes
It was intended to use this type classification system for electric locomotives as well. But because electric locomotives could be used for any duty, this plan was given up.
The primary classification system was based on class numbers which, in the case of steam locomotives ran from 01-99 (see table, right hand column). 

</doc>
<doc id="19048120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048120" title="Valley Memorial Park (Alaska)">
Valley Memorial Park (Alaska)

Valley Memorial Park a.k.a. Valley Memory Garden is a cemetery located in Palmer in the Matanuska-Susitna Borough, Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="19048140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048140" title="Des gaffes et des dégâts">
Des gaffes et des dégâts

Des gaffes et des dégâts, written and drawn by Franquin, is the sixth album of the original "Gaston Lagaffe" series. The 59 strips of this album were previously published in "Spirou" magazine.
Story.
In this album, Bertrand Labévue and the Gaffophone appear for the first time. Most of the gags are caused by the instrument.
Background.
This is the first Gaston Lagaffe album published in the usual Franco-Belgian album format (21,8 x 30 cm).

</doc>
<doc id="19048155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048155" title="Haim Moshe">
Haim Moshe

Haim Moshe (, sometimes Chaim Moshe on recordings), 
born 20 September 1955 is an Israeli singer whose musical style has crossed over from Yemenite and Mediterranean "ethnic" music to include mainstream Israeli and western pop elements. He has helped Mizrahi music achieve wide popularity
both in Israel
and in Arab countries.
Biography.
Haim Moshe was born in 1956 in Ramat HaSharon, Israel. His parents were Yemenite Jews who immigrated to Israel after World War II; as Mizrahi, or Eastern, Jews they had a distinct culture and background from the Ashkenazi (European) Jews who played the major role in establishing the modern state and culture of Israel. As a child he learned to sing not only Israeli and Jewish religious music in the synagogue, but also Greek, Turkish, and Arabic songs, which he performed for weddings and Bar Mitzvahs. As a young man, Moshe worked in a print shop, and he served in the Israeli military in the mid-1970s.
Musical career.
Moshe began his professional music career as a member of the band "Sounds of the Vineyard" (, "Tzliley Ha-Kerem") along with Daklon and Moshe Ben-Mosh, playing in clubs and at weddings. Their music was distributed by the brothers Asher and Meir Reuveni, who had started informally selling cassette-tape recordings of wedding performances by Daklon and others. This Mediterranean or Oriental style, which had been neglected by the established Israeli music industry, became known as "cassette tape music" or "central bus station music" (after the stalls in the Tel Aviv Central Bus Station where many of the tapes were sold). Many of the songs were taken from Greek and Turkish pop, with the words translated or entirely rewritten in Hebrew by specialist lyricists, and the music reworked into Yemeni style. Mediterranean music grew in popularity after 1980 and eventually became a profitable business for the Reuveni brothers.
In 1983 Haim Moshe released his first major album, "Ahavat Hayay (Love of My Life)," with 200,000 sales. This album included two hit songs: "Ahavat Hayay," a Yemenite-style song in Hebrew; and "Linda," a Lebanese song which Moshe
sang in Arabic.
"Linda" was not an immediate hit on Israeli radio, but earned Moshe a following among Palestinians and Arabs from
surrounding countries.
The success of this album made Haim Moshe a "household word" in Israel.
From the mid-1980s, Moshe began to incorporate more "Shirei Eretz Yisrael" into his repertoire. These "songs of the Land of Israel" formed a corpus of standard Israeli songs, many with patriotic themes, developed to promote an Israeli national identity. This helped Moshe achieve greater mainstream popularity in Israel, but also attracted criticism that he was abandoning his Mizrahi musical and cultural roots in a process of "Ashkenazification."
Over the following decades, he released a string of hit albums, among them
"Ten LaZman Lalekhet" (Let Time Pass).
His performance of the song "Pictures in an Album," composed by Ze'ev Nehama and Tamir Kaliski, was the 1999 Golden Feather Awards
Song of the Year.
His most recent album is "Karov LaLev (Close to the Heart)," released in 2008.
Cultural influence.
Haim Moshe's music became popular not only with Israelis, but also with Arabs in surrounding countries. He began to receive fan mail from young people in Syria and throughout the region, and it was even rumored that during the 1982 Lebanon War, the Israeli and Syrian armies were both
listening to his "Linda."
He became a positive symbol Israel 
within the Arab world,
and of Mizrahi culture within Israel. He has been "a bridge between East and West in Israel", predicting that "In another twenty years this music will be known as the real Israeli music - not eastern or western but the authentic sound."
Discography.
Moshe has released 35 albums, not including collections. Some of the best known are:
Grenade attack.
On February 8, 2010, an explosive device was thrown at his Ramat Hasharon home. There were no reports of injuries or damage.

</doc>
<doc id="19048187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048187" title="Comedy Premieres">
Comedy Premieres

Comedy Premieres was a programming strand of four one-off television comedies, produced by Granada Television for the ITV network and broadcast throughout 1997.
Production.
The Premieres, all pilots for potential television series, were produced from 1995 to 1996 for intended broadcast in 1996. However, they were all postponed until 1997.
Reception.
"Cold Feet" received positive critical reaction from "The Times" and "The Sun"; in "The Times", Matthew Bond wrote that it is "an enjoyable one-off comedy aimed at anybody who's ever been single, married, or had children. With such catholic appeal further heightened by Helen Baxendale heading a talented cast, it showed just what ITV can do." For "The Sun", Tim Ewbank expressing surprise that a "fast, funny, convincing" comedy had appeared on ITV, calling it "a treat" and "sharply observed", and Baxendale and Nesbitt "terrific". An ITV committee selected "Cold Feet" to represent the network in the comedy-drama category at the Montreux Television Festival. The programme won the Silver Rose in the Humour category and the Golden Rose of Montreux, the festival's highest honour. Further acclaim came at the end of the year at the British Comedy Awards when "Cold Feet" won the Best Comedy Drama (ITV) award.
Alexander Chancellor previewed "The Chest" for "The Observer", calling it "homely" and concluded that "If you don't mind implausible plots and inconclusive endings, you may find this quite enjoyable to watch; but don't expect to laugh very much." In "The Independent", Tina Ogle noted that Neil Morrissey was playing a "typical fluffy bunny", but singled out Jim Carter as the best actor. Thomas Sutcliffe for the same newspaper was more critical of Morrissey, writing that he was putting on "his 10-year-old boy act", and concluded by saying "The Chest" "makes you want to run someone through with a cutlass." Matthew Bond criticised the story for being "a familiar variation of a familiar story" but complimented the main cast for holding it together.
"The Grimleys" received acclaim for its 1970s nostalgia. Mark Lawson called it "a rare example of a period sitcom" and compared Darren Grimley to Adrian Mole. John Millar for the "Daily Record" anticipated a full series would follow the pilot and Eddie Gibb for "The Scotsman" named it the best sitcom of the year. The broadcast was watched by 4.6 million, gaining a 42% audience share.
"King Leek" was described in "The People" as having "sheer comic class". The reviewer praised both the leads and the supporting cast and concluded by calling it the best of the four comedy premieres. Brian Viner in the "Mail on Sunday" also praised it, calling it "a stirring tale of moral redemption, nicely written by William Ivory and quite wonderfully acted, above all by the ever-excellent Tim Healy." Matthew Bond wrote that Billy Ivory had written "something so black that it was nigh on impossible to see the comedy at all." Desmond Christy of "The Guardian" was equally disappointed and hoped a series would not follow the pilot.
"The Grimleys" and "Cold Feet" were each commissioned for full series. "The Grimleys" ran for three series from 1999 to 2001, and "Cold Feet" ran for five series from 1998 to 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19048193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048193" title="Jimmy Jimmy (song)">
Jimmy Jimmy (song)

"Jimmy Jimmy" is a Top 20 punk rock song originally written and recorded by Northern Irish band The Undertones in the spring of 1979. The song was written by the band's main songwriter, John O'Neill, it was The Undertones' third single and was released on 20 April 1979, reaching number 16 on the UK chart, making "Jimmy Jimmy" The Undertones' first Top 20 single. The song was included on both the original issue and subsequent reissue of the band's debut album, "The Undertones".
Two versions of the single were issued: A conventional black vinyl version of the single in a yellow paper sleeve sporting a photograph of the band's lead singer, Feargal Sharkey, as a youngster holding a trophy, and a green vinyl version housed in a clear plastic sleeve with a paper inlay detailing dates and venues of then-forthcoming gigs across the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="19048201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048201" title="Barysh River">
Barysh River

Barysh () is a river in Ulyanovsk Oblast, Russia. It is a right tributary of the Sura River (in Volga's drainage basin). It is 247 km long, with a drainage basin of 5800 km². The river flows over the northern parts of the Volga Uplands. It is frozen over from November to April. The town of Barysh is situated by the river.

</doc>
<doc id="19048213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048213" title="Turnhalle Constitutional Conference">
Turnhalle Constitutional Conference

The Turnhalle Constitutional Conference was a controversial conference held in Windhoek between 1975 and 1977, tasked with the development of a constitution for a self-governed Namibia under South African control. Sponsored by South African government, the Turnhalle Conference laid the framework for the government of South-West Africa from 1977 to independence in 1989.
The conference was held in defiance of the 1972 United Nations General Assembly decision to recognise the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO) as "sole legitimate representative" of Namibia's people. Consequently SWAPO, as well as other political groups rejecting apartheid, did not participate, and the UN rejected the conference and its proposals.
As a result of the Turnhalle Conference the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance party was formed in 1977, which won the 1978 elections and formed an interim government.
Background.
After Imperial Germany lost its colonies as a result of World War I, South Africa took over the administration of the territory of South-West Africa as their "de facto" fifth province, since 1920. This mandate over South-West Africa was granted by the League of Nations, the predecessor of the UN. A request to annex the territory right away was, however, not granted. When South Africa introduced apartheid legislation in 1948 after an election victory of the right-wing National Party, these laws also extended to South-West Africa.
In 1960, the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO) was founded. SWAPO soon began an armed guerrilla war against South African forces, and for this purpose formed its military wing, the People's Liberation Army of Namibia (PLAN) in 1962. The Namibian War of Independence, which soon escalated into the South African Border War, started in August 1966. Later that year, the UN General Assembly revoked South Africa's mandate to govern South-West Africa, and created the position of a United Nations Commissioner for Namibia. In 1972 it recognised SWAPO as the 'sole legitimate representative' of Namibia's people.
In the mean time, the white inhabitants of South-West Africa and conservative black members of the population tried to contain the violence and preserve the "status quo". The South African government hoped that by means of small reforms and compromises a broad spectrum of the indigenous population would cease their support for armed resistance. The aim of the Turnhalle Conference was the initiation of such dialogue and "pseudo-reforms".
Conference setup.
The Turnhalle Conference was attended by 134 members of 11 ethnic groups: Ovaherero, Coloureds, Baster, Tswana, Damara, Ovambo, Caprivians, Nama, Kavango, San, and Whites. The chairman was Dirk Mudge. Political parties were not considered when the South African administration picked the delegates. It was widely regarded as a South-African sponsored and initiated event, although conference chair Mudge later claimed that it was his idea alone.
The conference was officially opened on 1 September 1975 and met on several occasions in Windhoek's historic Turnhalle () building, after which it got its name. There were four plenary sessions between September 1975 and June 1976, and several committee meetings thereafter, comprising one delegate from each ethnic group. The members agreed on a preliminary constitution and suggested that South-West Africa become independent from South Africa by the end of 1978. On 6 October 1977 the conference was officially dissolved.
Results.
The conference produced a 29-page document entitled ""Petition for the establishment of an interim government"". The petition, which has been said to have been produced under great time pressure, contains a request to set up an interim government for the territory of South-West Africa / Namibia, as well as a draft constitution for "a republican, democratic state".
All three of these qualifiers have been questioned: The Turnhalle Constitution did not mandate any elections or other popular representation, something that would commonly be regarded a crucial component of both a democracy and a republic. It furthermore made no provisions for independent judiciary or executive and relied on the government of South Africa as superior authority. It is thus questionable in what way the interim constitution defined a state.
Although the Turnhalle Constitution provided for multi–racial participation in the interim government it entrenched the racial segregation of Namibia's population. Albeit indirectly, the economic and political power of the white population was reinforced. The constitution recognised some fundamental rights but did not provide for significant protection of even the most basic of them. Despite severe criticism from black and white population groups as well as the international community, black delegates welcomed the start of institutionalised communication between the entrenched parties.
The draft constitution (also called Turnhalle Plan) was approved in a Whites-only referendum in 1977. Following pressure from the United Nations Security Council, it was never enacted.
Aftermath.
As a result of the conference, many of the participating delegates agreed to aggregate their small, ethnically defined parties into one bigger body that was able to form a counterbalance to SWAPO. On 5 November 1977 they founded the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance (DTA) with Clemence Kapuuo as first president. The parties that joined the DTA were:
Additionally, three parties were founded for the purpose of joining the DTA:
The DTA won the subsequent 1978 South-West African legislative election by a landslide, claiming 41 of the 50 seats. This was largely due to "widespread intimidation" and the presence of South African troops, particularly in the north of Namibia. SWAPO and the Namibia National Front boycotted the event. The United Nations Security Council declared the election "null and void", and the subsequent interim government illegitimate. The interim government, consisting of a National Assembly and a Council of Ministers, lasted until 18 January 1983 when South Africa again assumed full administrative authority over South-West Africa. after Namibian independence, the DTA is still represented in the Parliament of Namibia.

</doc>
<doc id="19048228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048228" title="CSS Alabama's Eastern Atlantic Expeditionary Raid">
CSS Alabama's Eastern Atlantic Expeditionary Raid

The CSS "Alabama"s Eastern Atlantic Expeditionary Raid commenced shortly after the ship left Liverpool and was commissioned as the CSS "Alabama", a Confederate commerce raider, lasting from August 24, 1862 to about September 30, 1862. The primary area of operation during this expeditionary raid, was the Azores west of the African and European continent.
Raid overview.
On its maiden voyage, the CSS "Alabama", newly commissioned on August 24, 1862, set sail for the eastern Atlantic Ocean in the area of the Azores, reaching the Western Azores along Pico Island and Faial Island by September 4. The following day, "Alabama" sighted the "Ocmulgee", and came in close under the pretense of the United States colors. The "Ocmulgee", with whales still beside her, was taken with no resistance, and Captain Raphael Semmes waited until the following morning to burn her, not wanting to alert other whalers in the area.
On September 7, slowly making its way around Flores Island, Sunday muster was held, and Capt. Semmes read to the crew the Articles of War. The "Ocmulgee"s prisoners were let off at Lagens on Flores Island, and soon sighted another sail on the horizon. This time, it was the British colors hoisted as the "Alabama" gave chase, and shoots a 32-pounder just over the heads of the crew of the "Starlight" out of Boston, a fast schooner. The "Starlight" heaves to, and the crew is captured. The following morning, "Starlight"s crew are paroled at Santa Cruz on Flores Island. Spotting another sail, CSS "Alabama" quickly overtakes a Portuguese whaling brig, letting her go. But luck returns, and on the afternoon of September 8 the ruse of the U.S. colors is used once again, successfully, to overtake the large whaler "Ocean Rover", out of New Bedford, Massachusetts. The "Ocean Rover" is surprised to find that the CSS "Alabama" is merely a "rebel" ship, and not a protecting U.S. privateer, such as Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy, had promised the industry. The captain and crew are let off in their lifeboats to row the short distance to Flores, for which the "Ocean Rover"s captain later claimed that Captain Semmes was nothing short of a barbarous rouge. That night yet another whaler is sighted, and as dawn breaks, Semmes uses the British colors again, giving equal time for both sets of false colors. The "Alert" (the ship made famous by the American author Richard Henry Dana, Jr.in his memoir Two Years Before the Mast), out of New London, shows no colors, and Semmes orders her to heave to, after demonstrating yet again the Alabama's 32-pounder. The crew are paroled at Flores, and then Semmes proceeds to light the Atlantic sky with a three-ship torching.
Later the same day, September 9, while the blaze is still going, the crew spot yet another whaler. This time both hoist the U.S. colors. However, spotting the burning show afar behind the CSS "Alabama", the Captain of the "Weathergauge" out of Provincetown, Massachusetts figures that all is not right, and suddenly comes about, only to witness the CSS "Alabama" change colors and fire a blank cartridge. The crew of the CSS "Alabama" realize that wasting actual ammunition is not always necessary, given the ease of the Yankee surrenders. This time the prisoners are put off at Corvo Island, and the CSS "Alabama" is off yet again, another sail having been spotted. After a thrilling all night chase, the new sail is found merely to be a Danish ship, and having no bones to pick with any of the world but Yankee vessels, Semmes lays off. The CSS "Alabama" returns to Corvo Island for the usual prisoner debarking, and the "Weathergauge" is put to the torch on September 10.
A three-day break is now had by Semmes, ample time to ensure that enough torching materials have been provisioned. Breaking the short lull, September 13 brings another sail sighted, and it's up with the U.S. colors again as the "Altamaha" out of New Bedford, another whaler, heaves to without chase. The now traditional blaze is made, and CSS "Alabama" overtakes yet another foreign ship in the evening, a Spaniard vessel.
The following night, September 14, shows the wise move in having targeted the Azores as chase is given yet again. This time two blank shots are required for the usual scare, and the final prize of this expedition is pulled over, the "Benjamin Tucker", also out of New Bedford. In keeping with his tradition of not alerting the entire whaling industry, the match is put to the "Tucker" by mid-morning on the 15th.
His crew needing rest from such enlightening activities, Captain Semmes sets course to the west, on a two-week cruise toward the New England coast, with hopes to increase the burning pace, thus ending the CSS Alabama's expeditionary raid of the eastern Atlantic and Azores area. During this raid, the capture of any ships was both unnecessary and unfeasible. Most of the targets were whalers.
With a total of ten prizes burned in the eastern Atlantic, the CSS "Alabama" had destroyed $230,000 worth of property, almost equating to the original cost to purchase the "Alabama".
From this raiding area in the eastern Atlantic Ocean, the CSS "Alabama" departed and sailed west toward the northeastern seaboard of Newfoundland and New England along the North American coastline. Along the way, she experienced a long succession of gales and bad weather for almost two weeks while en route to the coast off North America.

</doc>
<doc id="19048258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048258" title="Naval Aircraft Factory PT">
Naval Aircraft Factory PT

__NOTOC__
The Naval Aircraft Factory PT were two types of seaplanes built from surplus and spare parts by the United States Navy's Naval Aircraft Factory. 
Development.
With a shortage of funds at the end of the First World War the Naval Aircraft Factory built 33 aircraft of two types using surplus assemblies. Both were twin float biplanes based on the fuselage and tail unit of the Curtiss R-6L; the PT-1 was fitted with the 62ft (18.90m) wings from the Curtiss HS-1L, and the PT-2 fitted with the 74ft (22.57m) wings from the Curtiss HS-2L. 

</doc>
<doc id="19048282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048282" title="Polish Radio Baranowicze">
Polish Radio Baranowicze

Polish Radio Baranowicze was a station of the Polish Radio, located in the city of Baranowicze, which in the interbellum period belonged to the Second Polish Republic. Opened in the summer of 1938, it was active only for a little more than a year (see: Polish September Campaign).
The station was opened on July 1, 1938. Its frequency was 520 kHz and range - 120 kilometers, which covered most of the Nowogrodek Voivodeship and northern part of the Polesie Voivodeship. Main office was located in a building at Narutowicza Street 72, in the outskirts of the city.
Construction of the station and its office began in July 1937, and lasted until spring of 1938, on a real estate provided by the city authorities. Two isolated masts (both 141 meters high) were set, and regular broadcast was not started until October 1938. In the office, there were two recording studios and several rooms for employees. Additionally, a local power plant was modernised, as the station needed twice as much power as the whole city.
First and only director of the station was Zbigniew Cis-Bankiewicz, who also was an announcer. Additional announcers were Maryla Konzalowna, Roman Horoszkiewicz and Stefan Sojecki. Technical services were provided by a group of engineers - Jerzy Foltanski, Roman Roginski, Borys Niewiadomski, Teofil Terlecki, Adam Twarog.
Following the outbreak of the World War II, the campus of the radio was bombed by the Luftwaffe on September 16, 1939 and ceased service. Currently, the 1938 office of the radio is used by the Belarusian TV.

</doc>
<doc id="19048305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048305" title="Anchorage Memorial Park">
Anchorage Memorial Park

Anchorage Memorial Park is a cemetery located in Anchorage, Alaska. Covering nine city blocks, the cemetery separates the city's downtown and Fairview neighborhoods.
The cemetery was established by President Woodrow Wilson in 1915 as part of the Anchorage townsite, one of a number of land reserves set aside for public facilities for the new town. 
From approximately 1954 to 1986, a public housing complex called Willow Park occupied the half-blocks of the cemetery site adjacent to Ninth Avenue and Fairbanks Street. The buildings were razed to allow for expansion of the cemetery. All that remains is the complex's maintenance building, taken over for the same purpose by the cemetery.
Notable burials.
Lorene Harrison is buried in the pioneer area of the park.

</doc>
<doc id="19048330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048330" title="Un gaffeur sachant gaffer">
Un gaffeur sachant gaffer

Un gaffeur sachant gaffer, written and drawn by Franquin, is the sixth album of the original "Gaston Lagaffe" series. The 59 strips of this album were previously published in "Spirou" magazine.
Story.
In this album, Leon Prunelle replace definitively and officially Fantasio who left the office to make reports. Freddy les-doigts-de-fées appears for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="19048331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048331" title="Rafael Pinhasi">
Rafael Pinhasi

Rafael Pinhasi (, born 1940) is a former Israeli politician who served as Minister of Communications between 1990 and 1992.
Born in Kabul in Afghanistan, Pinhasi's family made aliyah in 1950. He was amongst the founders of Shas, and served as deputy mayor of Bnei Brak.
In 1984 he was elected to the Knesset on Shas' list and in December 1985 was appointed Deputy Minister of Labour and Social Welfare. He retained his seat in the 1988 elections, and became a Deputy Speaker of the Knesset. In January 1990 he was appointed Deputy Internal Affairs Minister, and in June that year became Minister of Communications, serving until the 1992 elections.
He retained his seat in the election, and was appointed Deputy Minister of Finance in August, holding the post until he became Deputy Minister of Religious Affairs. He was forced to resign from the cabinet by the High Court of Justice in September 1993 after being convicted for making false declarations, a crime deemed to be of "moral turpitude".
Re-elected in 1996, Pinhasi lost his seat in the 1999 elections. In 2008 he was appointed chairman of the Tel Aviv cemeteries council.

</doc>
<doc id="19048332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048332" title="Derby Day (1952 film)">
Derby Day (1952 film)

Derby Day is a 1952 British drama film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Anna Neagle, Michael Wilding, Googie Withers, John McCallum and Alfie Bass. An ensemble piece, it portrays several characters on their way to the Derby Day races at Epsom Downs Racecourse. It was an attempt to revive the success that Neagle and Wilding had previously had opposite each other, but it failed in this regard. In an effort to promote the film Wilcox arranged for Neagle to launch the film at the 1952 Epsom Derby. In the United States it was released as Four against Fate.
While making the film Wilding began dating Elizabeth Taylor, who was in London filming "Ivanhoe", and later became her second husband.
Plot.
On the morning of the Epsom Derby, a disparate group of people prepare to go to the races. Lady Helen Forbes, a recently widowed aristocrat is planning to make the journey in spite of the disapproval of her social set who consider it unseemly to go while still in mourning. David Scott, a newspaper cartoonist is ordered to go by his editor against his wishes. Meanwhile, as part of a charity raffle, a dissolute film star, Gerald Berkeley, is to escort a wealthy grand dame to Epsom for the day something he is equally reluctant about. Happily she falls and injures her leg, and her crafty housekeeper arranges for one of the young maids to go in her place. Meanwhile, in Battersea, a lodger kills a man whose wife he is having an affair with. They plan to flee the country, and also head to Epsom where he knows a tipster who can smuggle them out.

</doc>
<doc id="19048339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048339" title="Sigismund III, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau">
Sigismund III, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau

Sigismund III, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau (1456 - Dessau, 27 November 1487), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Dessau.
He was the fourth son of George I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, as third-born child of his fourth wife Anna, daughter of Albert VIII, Count of Lindau-Ruppin.
Life.
In 1474 Sigismund succeeded his father in the principality of Anhalt-Dessau, but, by virtue of the family law of the House of Ascania, he had to rule jointly with his older brother Ernest I and his younger brothers George II and Rudolph IV.
Sigismund never married or had children; on his death, he was succeeded by his brothers and co-rulers.

</doc>
<doc id="19048416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048416" title="Marco Riemer">
Marco Riemer

Marco Riemer (born 24 February 1988 in Apolda) is a German football midfielder who plays for FC Carl Zeiss Jena.

</doc>
<doc id="19048423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048423" title="Ballston Common Mall">
Ballston Common Mall

Ballston Common Mall, which originally opened as Parkington Shopping Center in 1951, was one of the first major suburban shopping centers in the Washington D.C. area. It was the first shopping center built around a multi-story parking garage in the United States. It is located at the intersection of Glebe Road (Virginia State Route 120) and Wilson Boulevard in the Ballston neighborhood of Arlington, Virginia, two blocks from Ballston-MU Station on the Washington Metro's Orange Line. The Ballston Common mall opened October 20, 1986, and was a $40 million replacement for the Parkington Shopping Center. The center was developed in limited partnership with the May Centers, a subsidiary of the May Company who, at the time, also owned one of the anchors, Hecht's. 
History.
The $6.5 million Hecht's store opened in the Parkington Shopping Center on November 2, 1951. At its opening, the five story, department store was the largest on the East coast. A man was electrocuted during the construction of the store. Over the years, the $15 million Parkington Shopping Center expanded to 30 stores including Giant Food, McCrory's, Hub Furniture, Crawford Clothes, Franc Jewelers, W.T. Grant, Wilbur-Rogers Women's Apparel, A.S. Beck Shoes, Brentano's Books, and Casual Corner. In May 1974, J.C. Penney opened a soft line merchandise and catalog store.
By 1982, the 30-year-old Parkington Shopping Center was in need of a facelift. Beginning that year, Arlington County and the May Centers embarked on a $100 million renovation project and expansion of the shopping center. Part of this was a contest among Arlington residents for a name for the new mall. That contest was how "Ballston Common" came to be the mall's name. After some complications, the renovated and expanded shopping center opened in the fall of 1986. In the early 2000s, the mall became home to the Kettler Capitals Iceplex, headquarters and practice facility for the National Hockey League's Washington Capitals, as well as the DC location of the ComedySportz improvisational theatre organization.

</doc>
<doc id="19048436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048436" title="610 Lexington Avenue">
610 Lexington Avenue

610 Lexington Avenue is a residential skyscraper under construction in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. Upon completion, it is to rise 62 stories and and will house a Shangri-La Hotel and condos. As a result of the financial crisis that began in 2007 and the downturn in the residential real estate market, the building's construction was put on indefinite hold in 2009. In March 2012, Rosen and Fuchs regained control of the site, and announced their intentions to carry on with the project and construction resumed that month.

</doc>
<doc id="19048441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048441" title="Rudolph IV, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau">
Rudolph IV, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau

Rudolph IV, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau (died 7 September 1510) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Dessau.
He was the fifth son of George I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, as the fourth-born child of his fourth wife Anna, daughter of Albert VIII, Count of Lindau-Ruppin.
Life.
The last of his father's sons to survive adulthood, Rudolph succeeded him in 1474 as co-ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Dessau with his older brothers Ernest I, George II, and Sigismund III.
He never married or had children; upon his death, Rudolph was succeeded by his only surviving brother, Ernest I.

</doc>
<doc id="19048464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048464" title="Biləsuvar (village)">
Biləsuvar (village)

Biləsuvar (also, Bilyasuvar, Belyasuvar, and Belayasuvar) is a village in the Bilasuvar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19048475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048475" title="Lagaffe nous gâte">
Lagaffe nous gâte

Lagaffe nous gâte, written and drawn by Franquin, is the eighth album of the original "Gaston Lagaffe" series. The 59 strips of this album were previously published in "Spirou" magazine.
Story.
Prunelle definitively replaced Fantasio. He begins to swear some "Grdidji" and the famous "Rogntudju". Several running gags feature new Gaston's inventions. Bubulle, Gaston 's fish, appears for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="19048484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048484" title="Bucks Lake Wilderness">
Bucks Lake Wilderness

The Bucks Lake Wilderness is a wilderness area located in the Plumas National Forest section of the Sierra Nevada, in northeastern California, United States. 
Geography.
The wilderness lies in Plumas County south of Lake Almanor. It protects the northernmost end of the Sierra Crest, which beyond the canyon of the North Fork Feather River, is no longer distinct. The California Wilderness Act of 1984 set aside the wilderness. The reservoir for which it is named is considered a "boater's Mecca" and is just outside the wilderness boundary.
Natural history.
The topography is classic Sierra Nevada with gentle slopes on the western side, glacial cirques, and areas of bare granitic rock. The highest point is Mount Pleasant (7,054 ft). Of the 13 cirques in the wilderness, the one-mile (1.6 km)-wide Silver Lake is the largest, located below Spanish Peak of the Sierra crest. The North Fork Feather River canyon forms the north boundary and the wilderness includes its -long canyon wall.
The wilderness provides habitat for the black bear, coyote, mountain lion, mule deer and black-tailed deer as well as eagle, peregrine falcon, owls and the willow flycatcher.
Vegetation includes conifers such as sugar, lodgepole and Jeffrey pine with almost pure stands of red fir on the highest elevations. Streams and wet meadows have alder and aspen trees, corn lilies and montane chaparrel.
There are three adjacent units of roadless areas, the largest of which has Bucks Mountain, Bald Eagle Mountain and Bucks Creek.
Bucks Lake.
The dam was begun by the Feather River Power Company, which was owned by R.C. Storrie and Robert Muir. The company bought , including the Bucks Ranch and began construction in early 1926. Three years and eight million dollars later, the company had financial problems and ended up selling the project to Great Western Power Company who completed the project in 1928.
The -capacity reservoir is created by the high rock-fill dam on Bucks Creek, covers and is operated by the Pacific, Gas and Electric Company.
References.
Adkinson, Ron "Wild Northern California". The Globe Pequot Press, 2001 ISBN 1-56044-781-8
Plumas National Forest's Bucks Lake Wilderness page.

</doc>
<doc id="19048485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048485" title="Li Dashuang">
Li Dashuang

Li Dashuang (; born 1 November 1973 in Xiantao, Hubei) is a Chinese artistic gymnast and twin of Li Xiaoshuang.

</doc>
<doc id="19048489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048489" title="Busman's Honeymoon (film)">
Busman's Honeymoon (film)

"Busman's Honeymoon" is a 1940 British detective film directed by Arthur B. Woods. An adaptation of the Lord Peter Wimsey story "Busman's Honeymoon" by Dorothy L. Sayers, it starred Robert Montgomery, Constance Cummings, Leslie Banks, Seymour Hicks, Robert Newton and Googie Withers. Newly married famous amateur detective Lord Peter Wimsey (Montgomery) and his wife, mystery writer Harriet Vane (Cummings), are looking forward to a quiet honeymoon at their new country cottage when they are reluctantly drawn into the investigation of a local murder. The film premiered in London in July 1940. It is also known as "Haunted Honeymoon". 

</doc>
<doc id="19048506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048506" title="Patrick Amrhein">
Patrick Amrhein

Patrick Rigobert Amrhein (born 20 October 1989 in Aschaffenburg) is a German footballer who plays for SV Bavaria Wiesen.

</doc>
<doc id="19048532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048532" title="Danny Reuther">
Danny Reuther

Danny Reuther (born 22 June 1988 in Eisenberg) is a German footballer who plays for SV Eintracht Eisenberg.
Career.
Reuther who began his career in his hometown by SV Eintracht Eisenberg, joined 2003 to the youth from FC Carl Zeiss Jena. In the season 2008/2009 was promoted to the first team, where he had his debut on 23 August 2008 against Kickers Emden, in January 2009 was canceled from the first squad and is currently on the reserve team, he signed than on 9 July 2009 for ZFC Meuselwitz. After only a half year with ZFC Meuselwitz returned to Jena and signed for SV Schott Jena. After the relegation of SV Schott Jena in the Thüringer Verbandsliga joined on 28 June 2010 to SV Eintracht Eisenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19048536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048536" title="Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting 2009">
Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting 2009

The Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting 2009 was the twenty-first Meeting of the Heads of Government of the Commonwealth of Nations. It was held in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago, between 27 and 29 November 2009, and was hosted by that country's Prime Minister, Patrick Manning.
The host country of the 2011 meeting was also discussed. It had been slated to be hosted in Colombo, Sri Lanka, but the renewal of the Sri Lankan civil war, and related allegations of human rights abuses, caused some governments, including those of United Kingdom and Canada, to call for a reassessment. This led to the CHOGM being given to Perth, Australia, instead. Sri Lanka was reassigned the CHOGM for CHOGM 2013, and Mauritius was pencilled in as the host of the 2015 CHOGM.
The Commonwealth Ministerial Action Group (CMAG) was reconstituted and strengthened. The Heads of Government agreed to expand the offences that it would be able to investigate to all breaches of the Harare Declaration, rather than just the overthrow of democratic governments.
Global warming.
The summit is was dominated by the issue of global warming, as it was held just before the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen, Denmark. The countries agreed a £6bn-a-year climate change fund to promote low-carbon emission development and adaptation in developing countries, to be funded by developed Commonwealth members and France.
The 2009 summit was attended by the President of France, Nicolas Sarkozy, who was attempting to rally support in the build-up to the Copenhagen summit. It was seen as an indication of reconciliation between France and the Commonwealth, particularly over the issue of Rwanda's prospective membership of the Commonwealth. The meeting was also attended by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and Danish Prime Minister Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
Rwanda.
The 2009 CHOGM was the first opportunity for countries to accede to the Commonwealth after the 2007 CHOGM accepted the report by the Committee on Commonwealth Membership, which established the current membership criteria. After the 2007 CHOGM, the Commonwealth sent a team to Rwanda to examine its eligibility, and recommended it be discussed at the 2009 meeting.
In Port of Spain, the Heads of Government agreed to accept Rwanda as a member, making it the 54th member, and the second without a direct constitutional tie to an existing member. Several other countries were expected to submit official applications to join, including Algeria, Madagascar, Sudan, and Yemen, but they were not considered.

</doc>
<doc id="19048549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048549" title="M-Tag">
M-Tag

M-TAG refers to the first generation of Electronic Toll Collection (ETC) system used in the state of Maryland by the Maryland Transportation Authority (MdTA) from 1999 to 2001.
The request for proposal for the system was issued by the authority in 1995.
The contractor awarded the contract for the state of Maryland that developed the M-TAG software was Lockheed Martin IMS Division.
M-TAG / E-ZPass is an electronic toll-collection system available at all MdTA Toll facilities: the Baltimore Harbor Tunnel, the Fort McHenry Tunnel, and the Francis Scott Key Bridge. When it came on line in 1999, the system was known as M-TAG. As of October 2001 the system became reciprocal with the other E-ZPass Toll agencies and Maryland then renamed its system to E-ZPass. At that time the JFK Memorial Highway joined, followed by the William Preston Lane Memorial (Bay) Bridge and the Harry W. Nice Bridge, and the Thomas J. Hatem Bridge was the last to come up in April 2002. E-ZPass allows a customer to drive from North Carolina to Maine and Illinois without stopping to pay tolls. A driver receives a small radio frequency transponder to place on the inside of a vehicle's windshield. Equipment in the toll lanes records the transactions, and trips are automatically deducted from the customer's account.

</doc>
<doc id="19048565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048565" title="Richard Kolitsch">
Richard Kolitsch

Richard Kolitsch (born 24 October 1989 in Dresden) is a German football midfielder who plays for FC Carl Zeiss Jena II.
Career.
He began his career in the youth team of FV Dresden-Nord, before he moved to FC Carl Zeiss Jena in January 2007.
Kolitsch was under manager Henning Bürger promoted to first team on the last but one matchday in the 2007–08 season. He his debut on matchday 33 against 1. FC Kaiserslautern after substitution in the halftime.
Personal life.
His father Uwe Kolitsch is former professional player of SpVgg Erkenschwick.

</doc>
<doc id="19048566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048566" title="On Approval (play)">
On Approval (play)

On Approval is a 1926 play by Frederick Lonsdale. It premiered at the Gaiety Theatre, New York, on 18 October 1926 where it ran for 96 performances. It opened in the West End of London at the Fortune Theatre on 19 April 1927 and ran until 2 June 1928.
Plot summary.
The exacting and difficult Maria Wislack is a widow who decides to take Richard away to her Scottish island for a month's trial "on approval" to see if they are compatible for possible marriage. The egotistical and difficult Duke of Bristol (who is friends with Richard) contrives to be there as well. While there they meet Helen, who is in love with the Duke, and circumstances make all four of them stay on the island for the month. Because of the bad behaviour of Maria and the Duke, Helen and Richard decide not to marry either of them and they leave them stranded on the island. The Duke and Maria pretend to be romantically involved to make the other two jealous, but end up marrying each other instead.
Film adaptation.
The 1930 British comedy film was directed by and starred Tom Walls, also featuring Yvonne Arnaud, Winifred Shotter and Robertson Hare.
The 1944 British comedy film starred Clive Brook, Beatrice Lillie, Googie Withers and Roland Culver. Brook not only starred, but also directed, produced and wrote the adaptation. Although Culver, Lillie and Brook were older than the characters in the play, Brook changed the setting to the late Victorian era, to make their ages seem more acceptable. "On Approval" is one of the few films Lillie made during her long (primarily stage and concert) career.
The film started with a prologue of newsreel footage and narration by the British radio commentator E.V.H. Emmett. By changing the setting to the late Victorian era, Brook made what Lindsay Anderson called 'the funniest British light comedy ever made."
In 1982 PBS ran a BBC version of the play starring Penelope Keith, Jeremy Brett, Lindsay Duncan, and Benjamin Whitrow. This version is probably closer to the original play than the previous film versions.

</doc>
<doc id="19048582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048582" title="JCPenney Classic">
JCPenney Classic

The JCPenney Classic was a mixed team golf tournament sponsored by the PGA Tour and the LPGA Tour. Teams consisted of one PGA Tour player and one LPGA Tour player (except in 1967 when the teams were male only). It was played in California and Florida. Corporate sponsors were Haig & Haig, Pepsi-Cola, and JCPenney.
Winners.
JCPenney Classic
JCPenney Mixed Team Classic
Pepsi-Cola Mixed Team Championship
Haig & Haig Scotch Foursome

</doc>
<doc id="19048597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048597" title="Dan Duran (baseball)">
Dan Duran (baseball)

Daniel James Duran (born March 16, 1954 in Palo Alto, California) is a former Major League Baseball player. Duran played for the Texas Rangers in the 1981 season. In 13 games, Duran had four hits in 16 at-bats, with one run scored. He played left field, and batted and threw left-handed. 
He was drafted by the Rangers in the 30th round of the 1973 amateur draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19048599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048599" title="Felix Holzner">
Felix Holzner

Felix Holzner (born 4 June 1985 in Belzig, Brandenburg) is a German former football midfielder who played for FC Carl Zeiss Jena.

</doc>
<doc id="19048609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048609" title="Action for Slander">
Action for Slander

Action for Slander is a 1937 British drama film directed by Tim Whelan and starring Clive Brook, Ann Todd and Googie Withers. An army officer is falsely accused at cheating at cards by a man whose wife he had an affair with and struggles to clear his name. It was an adaptation of the 1937 novel "Action for Slander" by Mary Borden.
Synopsis.
Major George Daviot is left by his wife Ann due to their growing estrangement and her knowledge that he has fallen in love with another woman, Josie Bradford, the wife of one of his fellow officers. Daviot goes off with friends for a weekend party at a country house attended by a number of prominent figures including businessmen and politicians as well as Captain Bradford and his wife. The tension between Bradford and Daviot is obvious during grouse shooting as Bradford is clearly aware of Daviot's affair with his wife.
That evening during a game of cards played for high stakes Daviot is accused of cheating by Grant, a drunken player who has lost large amounts of money, a charge that is dismissed out of hand by the other players until Bradford seconds it. None of the other players believe the accusation, even though they are unaware of the grudge that Bradford has against Daviot. Bradford sticks to his story, even in the face of legal action from Daviot.
The other guests frightened of their own reputations if the scandal becomes widely known, persuade all to hush the matter up. Daviot agrees to keep quiet for all their sakes, even though he still wants to clear his name. Daviot proposes to Josie that she leave her husband and live with him in spite of the scandal, but her lukewarm response leads him to realise that her interest in him is shallow. She subsequently reconciles with her husband and they go abroad to spend time together.
Daviot tries to continue, but rumours about the affair begin to spread. Over the following year, his life disintegrates. He no longer finds himself welcome in his regiment or at his gentlemen's club and his friends begin to cut him socially, including those at the house party who know him to be innocent. Hounded out of his society, Daviot retreats to a cheap boarding house in Bayswater where he ceases to go out or even open letters. His one remaining hope, of receiving a transfer to the Indian Army serving on the Northwest Frontier is dashed and he begins to consider suicide.
Ann Daviot, meanwhile, has been touring around Continental Europe aimlessly, possibly never to return to Britain. As soon as she hears he is in trouble she returns to help him, but he is unresponsive and derides her as an "Angel of Mercy". Eventually she goads him into facing his accusers, and he initiates court proceedings on the understanding that if he loses he will be allowed to take gentlemen's way out with a pistol. With the help of his barrister Sir Quinton Jessops, Daviot attempts to clear his name by suing Bradford and Grant for slander.
Production.
The film was made independently by Victor Saville with backing from Alexander Korda's London Film Productions. It was adapted from the novel "Action for Slander" by Mary Borden that was released the same year.
Reception.
The film was popular at its release and it was re-released several times during the 1940s. However, it has later been criticised as "stilted". Rachael Low describes it as being "well-made and acted" although the "behaviour of the characters was too far-fetched to carry conviction". Oddly, Daviot is accused of cheating by using his discards to create a winning hand of four of a kind, which would have required an almost impossible blunder when he discarded.

</doc>
<doc id="19048612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048612" title="Ishi Wilderness">
Ishi Wilderness

The Ishi Wilderness is a 41,339 acre (167 km2) wilderness area located on the Lassen National Forest in the Shasta Cascade foothills of northern California, United States. The Ishi Wilderness is located approximately twenty miles east of Red Bluff, California. The wilderness was created when the US Congress passed the California Wilderness Act of 1984. The land is etched by wind and water, and dotted with basalt outcroppings, caves, and unusual pillar lava formations. The land is a series of east-west running ridges framed by rugged river canyons, with the highest ridges attaining elevations of . Deer Creek and Mill Creek are the principal drainages and flow into the Sacramento River.
The Ishi Wilderness is the only protected area in California that preserves a significant portion of the Sierra/Cascade foothill region of the southernmost Cascade Ranges.
Yana Indian.
Ishi is the name given by anthropologist Alfred L. Kroeber to the last surviving Native American from the Yahi Yana tribe. The Yahi Yana tribe had lived in the area for over three thousand years. Sometime after 1850, white settlers moving into the area killed all but a few of the Yahi. A few escaped and hid for years in the harsh wild country. Only what the Yahi left in the earth behind them remains today to tell their story.
Wilderness rules.
The US Forest Service reminds visitors to the Wilderness to respect the record of the Yahi Yana Indians. All archaeological and historical sites and artifacts are protected by federal law and should not be disturbed.
The Leave No Trace principles of wilderness travel are highly encouraged also by both the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management (the BLM manages a small portion of the wilderness-240 acres.)
Flora and fauna.
The sun-baked south slopes are covered with chaparral brush. Pines and oaks thrive on the moister slopes facing north and lush damp forests line the river banks. This area is home to pine clusters, dense areas of ponderosa pine growing on terraces in river cut canyons.
The largest migratory deer herd in California, the Tehama deer herd, winters in this wilderness area. Wild hogs, mountain lions, black bears, coyotes, bobcats and rabbits also live here. A State Game Refuge, where hunting is not permitted, occupies most of the Ishi Wilderness.
Special fishing regulations are in effect for fishing in Deer and Mill Creeks, home to many fish species. A valid California fishing license is required.
A variety of raptors including hawks, eagles, falcons, and owls nest in the rock cliffs. Wild turkey, quail, morning doves, canyon wrens, band-tailed pigeons, and many songbirds are frequently seen.

</doc>
<doc id="19048618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048618" title="Sidney V. Stratton">
Sidney V. Stratton

Sidney Vanuxem Stratton (August 8, 1845 – June 17, 1921) was an American architect born in Natchez, Mississippi, but whose practice was entirely in New York City. Stratton is now scarcely known, but he was one of the first American architecture students at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris, along with H. H. Richardson and Richard Morris Hunt, in whose office he worked in the 1870s before establishing his own practice.
In his picturesque structure for the New York House and School at 120 West 16th Street (1878), a charitable institution teaching sewing skills to poor women, he introduced the Queen Anne style to the United States. This building was designated a New York City landmark in 1990. At the Seventh Regiment Armory, Stratton's Queen Anne-style room for the affluent and socially prominent Company K, of which he was a member, is among the best-preserved.
He met Charles Follen McKim at the École, and later collaborated with McKim, Mead, and White – from whom he sublet space from 1877 as an independent contractor – on several projects: a church in Quogue, New York (1884), the redesign of the Elliott Roosevelt town house in New York City the same year, and in redesigned interiors in an early classicizing style, for Mr. and Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish's town house at 19 Gramercy Park South (1887).
Other works include:
Stratton was a member of the Architectural League of New York. He seems to have retired to Natchez, where he had been born and where his father had married his second wife, Miss Caroline Matilda Williams, daughter of Austin Williams of Natchez.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19048619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048619" title="Viljo Vesterinen">
Viljo Vesterinen

Viljo "Vili" Vesterinen (26 March 1907 in Terijoki – 18 May 1961 in Helsinki) was a Finnish accordionist and composer.
Vesterinen studied piano and cello in Vyborg Music Institute, but as an accordionist he was self-taught. Vesterinen mainly played in different bands and theatres early in his career. Vesterinen made his first recordings in 1929. The most popular recording of Vesterinen is Säkkijärven polkka in 1939. Even though it is not Vesterinen's own song, his version of the song is the most popular among people. Other popular songs are "Metsäkukkia" (1931), "Hilpeä hanuri" (1936) and "Valssi menneiltä ajoilta" (1939). Vesterinen made a total of 130 recordings during his career. Due to heavy use of alcohol and cigarettes his health deteriorated and later in his career he could not play accordion in same frequence as before. 
Vesterinen also starred some movies. The movie "Säkkijärven polkka" (1955) tells about Vesterinen's life.

</doc>
<doc id="19048621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048621" title="Vaduz Cathedral">
Vaduz Cathedral

Vaduz Cathedral, or Cathedral of St. Florin (German: "St. Florinskirche in Vaduz" or "Kathedrale St. Florin"), is a neo-Gothic church in Vaduz, Liechtenstein, and the center of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vaduz. Originally a parish church, it has held the status of cathedral since 1997. 
It was built in 1874 by Friedrich von Schmidt on the site of earlier medieval foundations. Its patron saint is Florinus of Remüs (Florin), a 9th-century saint of the Vinschgau Valley. 
The Archdiocese of Vaduz was erected by Pope John Paul II in the apostolic constitution "Ad satius consulendum" 2 December 1997. Before then it had been the Liechtenstein Deanery, a part of the Swiss Diocese of Chur. The solemn public ceremony took place on 12 December 1997, in the parish church of Vaduz, which was then raised to the dignity of a cathedral.
Prince Franz Joseph II of Liechtenstein and his wife Countess Georgina von Wilczek were both buried in the cathedral in 1989. Elisabeth von Gutmann was buried there too.

</doc>
<doc id="19048623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048623" title="Tim Wuttke">
Tim Wuttke

Tim Wuttke (born 15 August 1987 in Jena) is a German football defender.

</doc>
<doc id="19048643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048643" title="Kel Ferwan">
Kel Ferwan

The Kel Ferwan are a Tuareg nomadic clan, who have historically been a subgroup of the Kel Ayr confederation. In the 20th century, they have mostly been based in the Aïr Mountains of north central Niger.

</doc>
<doc id="19048648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048648" title="André Schmidt">
André Schmidt

André Schmidt (born 1 December 1989 in Zeulenroda) is a German football midfielder who plays for VfL 07 Bremen.

</doc>
<doc id="19048653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048653" title="University of Oregon School of Journalism and Communication">
University of Oregon School of Journalism and Communication

The University of Oregon School of Journalism and Communication is a public post-secondary school in the U.S. state of Oregon. Founded in 1912, the school is located in Allen Hall at the University of Oregon's Eugene campus. The school is one of 112 journalism schools in the U.S. accredited by the Accrediting Council on Education in Journalism and Mass Communications. The school also runs the George S. Turnbull Portland Center in Portland.
Notable alumni and faculty.
Notable students and faculty from the university include Rick Attig, Scott Bedbury, Paul Brainerd, Stephen J. Cannell, Ann Curry, Steve Dykes, Harris Ellsworth, Harry Glickman, Alfred Goodwin, Ernest Haycox, Lauren Kessler, Ken Kesey, Duncan McDonald, Richard L. Neuberger, Herbert B. Powell, Charles Royer, Randy Shilts, Tom McCall, Chuck Palahniuk, Dan Wieden, Jack Williams and Bryce Zabel.

</doc>
<doc id="19048654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048654" title="Pearls Bring Tears">
Pearls Bring Tears

Pearls Bring Tears is a 1937 British comedy drama film directed by Manning Haynes and starring John Stuart, Dorothy Boyd and Googie Withers.

</doc>
<doc id="19048683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048683" title="Uncial 078">
Uncial 078

Uncial 078 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 15 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 6th century. It is a palimpsest.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Matthew 17:22-18:3.11-19; 19:5-14; Luke 18:14-25; John 4:52-5:8; 20:17-26 on 6 parchment leaves (27 cm by 20 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 22 lines per page.
It is a palimpsest, the upper text was written in the 10th century in Georgian language. 
The Greek text of this codex was influenced by the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category III.
Tischendorf deciphered text of the palimpsest. David C. Parker gave a new reconstruction of the text of the Gospel of John.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
The codex is located now at the Russian National Library (Suppl. Gr. 13, fol. 1-7) in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19048688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048688" title="Dave Freeman (American author)">
Dave Freeman (American author)

David Stewart Freeman (February 21, 1961 – August 17, 2008) was an American advertising executive best known for co-authoring the 1999 book "100 Things to Do Before You Die" with his friend Neil Teplica. It was based on the Web site whatsgoingon.com, which the pair ran together from 1996 to 2001. The book's recommendations ranged from attending the Academy Awards and running with the bulls in Pamplona, Spain, to the more obscure, like taking a voodoo pilgrimage in Haiti and "land diving" in Vanuatu, which Freeman once called "the original bungee jumping". The success of "100 Things" spawned numerous similar compendia of essential places and things such as "1,000 Places to See Before You Die", leaving a legacy of ""... Before You Die"" and ""Before You Turn 40"" books still in the bestseller charts today.
Freeman was born in Whittier, California. He graduated from the University of Southern California in 1983 with a bachelor's degree in urban planning. He worked in advertising for his whole professional career, including jobs at agencies Grey Advertising and TBWA\Chiat\Day. On September 11, 2001, Freeman watched the second plane hit the World Trade Center from his apartment just blocks away. He moved back to Southern California to be closer to his family.
Freeman died in his Venice, California, home on August 17, 2008, after falling and hitting his head. He was 47. At the time of his death, the "Los Angeles Times" noted that Freeman had seen "about half the sites" in his book.

</doc>
<doc id="19048693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048693" title="Domi">
Domi

Domi may refer to:
People:
Other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="19048697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048697" title="Gaffe à Lagaffe !">
Gaffe à Lagaffe !

Gaffe à Lagaffe !, written and drawn by Franquin, is the fifteenth album of the original "Gaston Lagaffe" series.
Background.
This is the last album of the original "Gaston Lagaffe" series, and the first album published by Marsu Productions, who hold all the copyrights of Gaston Lagaffe. The album consists mostly of pages that haven't been published in albums, but previously published in Spirou long time ago. Only 13 new pages were published in this album, previously published in Spirou between 1986 and 1997. Roba and Cauvin have collaborated on one page.

</doc>
<doc id="19048702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048702" title="DR locomotive classification">
DR locomotive classification

The DR locomotive classification scheme in East Germany in the initial post-war period used the DRG system, consisting of a class number ("Baureihennummer") followed by a serial number ("Ordnungsnummer"). With the introduction of computerised (EDP) numbers in 1970 as part of the UIC framework, the system was fundamentally changed for the first time.
In the allocation of operating numbers up to 1970 the Deutsche Bundesbahn and the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany took care for the most part, to ensure that they did not overlap with one another.
To 1970.
Steam Locomotives.
On the 1 January 1950 almost all the public railways that did not belong to the Reichsbahn were nationalised. In order integrate the many, different locomotives into the existing numbering system, it was essential to adopt the renumbering plan of 12 December 1949 that built on the previous system. 
The locomotives were grouped together into classes of the same or similar design. Locomotives were given the range of numbers from 5000 - 7000. However the numbering was not consecutive, but was based on two technical aspects. 
The first two figures gave the axle load in Mp. However in order to ensure numbers fell within the allocated range, the number 50 had to be added. So, for example, locomotives with an axle load of 10 Mp were given the serial number 60.
The last two figures were based on whether the locomotive used saturated or superheated steam. Saturated steam locomotives were given the numbers 01 to 75 and superheated locomotives the numbers 76 to 99.
For narrow gauge locomotives with the class number 99 a similar scheme was chosen. Here however, there were additional rules which were supposed to be followed when allocating the operating numbers ("Betriebsnummer"). Due to their complexity, these rules were not always adhered to.
The first digit gave the rail gauge: 3 = 600 mm, 4 = 750 mm, 5 and 6 = 1,000 mm. The next digit indicated the axle load, with a '0' being used for 10 Mp and a '1' for 11 Mp. The last two digits indicated whether the engine was a tank locomotive (01 to 50) or a tender locomotive (from 51).
The last steam locomotives in the Deutsche Reichsbahn were decommissioned in the 1980s.
Internal Combustion Engined Locomotives.
The DRG locomotive classification scheme continued to be used.
Electric Locomotives.
The DRG locomotive classification scheme continued to be used.
Railcars.
As part of the nationalisation of private railways on 1 January 1950, railcars also had to be integrated into the numbering scheme. The spare numbers from 500 were used for this purpose. The railcars were, however, given different class numbers ("Stammnummern") from those in the DRG's system. Class 133 was allocated to light, rail-omnibus-like, two-axled vehicles without standard drawbars or buffers. All other twin-axled railcars were given the class number 135. Petrol-driven vehicles were given serial numbers 501 to 503, diesel-motored ones numbers 509 to 550 and diesel-electric vehicles the numbers 551 to 553. 
All four-, five- and six-axled railcars were organised into Class 137. Those with diesel-mechanical drives were given serial numbers 511 to 532, diesel-electrics were number from 551 to 566 and diesel-hydraulic vehicles were given numbers from 571 onwards.
The electric railcars that were taken over were designated as Class ET 188 and the steam railcars acquired from the "Oderbruchbahn" were grouped into Class DT 151.
Modified railcars used their previous DRG wagon numbers, but these were prefixed by the DR with the letters VT. 
For new vehicles another scheme was used. In 1954 a new system was introduced for the fast "Ganz" (DR Class VT 12.14) railcars imported from Hungary. After the class letters 'VT' the next two digits indicated the top speed divided by 10. The average axle load followed, separated by a full stop. After a second full stop, were the two digits of the vehicle's serial number.
Yet another system was used from 1956. With this one the first group of numbers gave the motor power divided by 100, the second group the top speed/10 and the third group the 2- or 3-digit serial number. Trailer coaches, driving coaches and centre coaches were designated with the letters VB, VS and VM. Examples are Classes VT 2.09 and VT 18.16.
So by 1970 the DR had three different classification systems.
From 1 July 1970.
The conversion to computerised (EDP) numbers required six-figure numbers plus a check figure. Existing systems had to conform or new systems had to be introduced.
Steam Locomotives.
For the steam locomotives the previous class numbers remained largely unchanged and were left as two-digit numbers. Because, however, the first figure had to be a 1 for diesel locomotives and a 2 for electric locomotives, those classes affected had to be renumbered.
Example:
The following classes were changed:
The serial number which followed the two-digit class number was generally four digits long and the first one was used to distinguish between the different locomotive types.
The following rules applied to the serial numbers of standard gauge locomotives (Classes 01 to 98):
The following rules applied to the serial numbers of narrow gauge locomotives (Class 99):
Only grate-fired narrow gauge locomotives were renumbered, but if a narrow gauge locomotive was to be converted to oil-firing in subsequent years it would be given a:
In case an oil-fired locomotive was rebuilt to grate-firing, the first number was to be changed as follows:
Internal Combustion Engined Locomotives.
The class numbers for internal combustion engined locomotives generally comprised 3 digits with a leading 1. The subsequent numbers were borrowed from their previous class numbers.
The serial numbers for internal combustion engined locomotives were retained as far as possible or reduced to the required three digits by dropping the first figure. 
The small locomotives ("Kleinlokomotiven") were given the class number 100. The serial numbers of locomotives in power group I were given a leading 0; power group II were given leading figures ranging from 1 to 7. The remaining small locomotives and narrow gauge locomotives were given a leading 9. In 1973 the narrow gauge engines were reclassified to Class 199. 
On subsequent rebuilding the designation of locomotives was changed. This led to new classes being formed or sometimes just to the first digit of the serial number being changed.
Electric Locomotives.
The class numbers for electric locomotives generally consisted of 3 digits with a 2 as the first number. The following digits were borrowed from their previous class numbers.
To distinguish between different types, a 0, 2 or 9 was used as the leading digit of the 3-digit serial number.
Railcars.
Railcar class numbers usually had 3 digits which started either with a 1 or a 2 depending on the type of traction.
For internal combustion engined railcars, the following system was chosen:
Narrow-gauge and works railcars were organised into Classes 187 and 188.
To distinguish between the different types of railcar the serial numbers had a 0, 1 or 2 in the first position. Saloon railcars were given serial numbers from 251, centre wagons leading digits 3 to 5, driving cars 6 and 7 and trailers a number 8.
For electric railcars the following leading digits were used:
Classes 270 - 274 were intended for the new vehicles of the Berlin S-Bahn, classes 280 - 284 for the planned S-Bahnen in the regional cities. New railcars were to be allocated to classes 290 - 299.
To distinguish between types the serial numbers began with 0, 2 or 9. Power cars were given odd numbers and driving, centre and trailing cars, even numbers.
Literature.
Wolfgang Valtin: "Verzeichnis aller Lokomotiven und Triebwagen Bd. 1". transpress Berlin 1992, ISBN 3-344-70739-6
Horst J. Obermayer, Manfred Weisbrod: "Dampflok-Report Band Nr. 2". Hermann Merker Verlag Fürstenfeldbruck 1995, ISBN 3-922404-72-3

</doc>
<doc id="19048717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048717" title="Robert Müller (footballer)">
Robert Müller (footballer)

Robert Müller (born 12 November 1986 in Schwerin) is a German footballer who plays for SV Wehen Wiesbaden.

</doc>
<doc id="19048753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048753" title="Grigory Misutin">
Grigory Misutin

Grigory Misutin (born 29 December 1970) is a Ukrainian artistic gymnast.

</doc>
<doc id="19048774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048774" title="The Loves of Joanna Godden">
The Loves of Joanna Godden

The Loves of Joanna Godden is a 1947 British historical drama film directed by Charles Frend and produced by Michael Balcon. The screenplay was written by H E Bates and Angus McPhail from the novel by Sheila Kaye-Smith. It stars Googie Withers, Jean Kent, John McCallum, Derek Bond, Chips Rafferty and Sonia Holm. Some scenes were shot by director Robert Hamer when Frend was ill, through he was uncredited. The music was composed by Ralph Vaughan Williams.
Plot.
In Edwardian Britain, a young woman has three suitors who seek her hand in marriage.
When Joanna Godden's father died, he bequeathed her a farm on the Romney Marsh in Kent. Joanna is determined to run the farm herself. Her neighbour Arthur Alce (John McCallum), laughs at her ambitions, but loves her. Choosing a new shepherd, she allows physical attraction to a man to overcome her judgment as a farmer and her scheme for cross-breeding sheep is unsuccessful. Her wealth gone, she turns to Arthur Alce for help - but not love. "That" she accepts from Martin Trevor (Derek Bond), a visitor from the world beyond the Marsh. But on the eve of their marriage Martin dies.
Cast.
and the people of Romney Marsh.

</doc>
<doc id="19048776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048776" title="Uncial 079">
Uncial 079

Uncial 079 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 16 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 6th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Luke 7:39-49; 24:10-19 on 2 parchment leaves (31 cm by 25 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 23 lines per page.
It is a palimpsest, the upper later text was written in Georgian language. 
The Greek text of this codex is mixed with predominate element the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category III.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
The text of the palimpsest was deciphered and edited by Constantin von Tischendorf in 1846. It was also examined by Kurt Treu.
The codex now is located at the Russian National Library (Suppl. Gr. 13, fol. 8-10) in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19048781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048781" title="Pedro Avilés">
Pedro Avilés

Pedro Avilés Gutiérrez (Ceuta, 23 January 1956) is a Spanish novelist from Madrid.
Avilés was born in Ceuta, Spain where his father, Pedro, from Madrid, was following his military career in 1956. The mother of Pedro Aviles, Africa, was born in Ceuta though her family proceed from Tarifa, Cadiz. The family moved very soon to Madrid, when Pedro Avilés was three years old. For this reason Pedro considers himself to be from Madrid.
From his childhood, Avilés felt a very deep need to write so before beginning primary school he wrote a lot of stories. He initiated his primary school and university studies in Madrid. At twenty, he wrote his first novel, “Corpore Insepulto”, a play that "I never try to publish", say Pedro Avilés. That was continued for another novel also unpublished; “La Inercia”.
Avilés began his professional activity as a war reporter. He covered the bread war in Morocco, the Sandinista war in Nicaragua, guerra de Nicaragua, and the Yugoslav Croatian war in 1991
Later he was dedicated to be a full crime reporter in several Spanish national media just like “El Caso” and the Interviú magazine. He said he wrote 1,000 stories covering the most important issues of Spanish history between 1987 and 2006. He was responsible in “Tele Cinco” for a Unresolved Crime section between 1996 and 2000. Actually, some television Nets call him to offer his opinions about several criminal cases.
Nowadays, Avilés is fully dedicated to writing crime novels Las mariposas sobre la tumba and El whisky del muerto, are the first of a series of two starring a Crime Reporter that hates journalism. In his novels, Pedro Avilés he makes a very exact portrait and a terrible critic of the journalism world, an area he knows quite well. His long experience as a crime reporter gave him the right background for his writing.

</doc>
<doc id="19048785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048785" title="Tim Petersen">
Tim Petersen

Tim Kay Petersen (born 3 March 1986 in Hamburg) is a German footballer who currently plays for VfB Oldenburg.
Career.
Petersen began his career at SV Lurup and Niendorfer TSV. In 2002, he played for the youth team of FC St. Pauli, joining in summer 2002 Hamburger SV until summer 2006. In the 2006–07 season, Petersen played for Altonaer FC von 1893 before he returned to FC St. Pauli. He was a member of the reserve team, playing in 27 matches. He made his debut in the 2. Bundesliga on 1 February 2008. On 15 May 2005, he was transferred to Thuringia club FC Carl Zeiss Jena, here signed a two-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="19048799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048799" title="Tim Ireland">
Tim Ireland

Timothy Neal Christopher Ireland is a former professional baseball player. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball for the Kansas City Royals, appearing in 11 games in 1981 and 1982. He has also managed 12 seasons at various levels of the minor leagues.
Ireland was originally selected in the 25th round of the 1973 Major League Baseball Draft by the Montreal Expos. He was released by Montreal in April 1975, and over the next four seasons was under contract to five different organizations, ending up with the Royals in May 1977. He spent four more seasons with the Royals organization before making it to the majors in 1981, when he played four games at first base without coming to bat. He did score one run that season as a pinch runner. In 1982 he played in 7 additional games, including a pair of starts in right field, going 1-for-7 at the plate. In December, he was released. He then played two seasons for the Hiroshima Toyo Carp in Japan, and for the Fort Myers Sun Sox in the Senior Professional Baseball Association in 1989.
After his playing career, he managed the Salinas Spurs in the California League in 1989. He then managed from 1992 until 1997 in the Milwaukee Brewers farm system, winning league titles with the Stockton Ports in the California League in 1992 and with the El Paso Diablos in the Texas League in 1994.
He spent the next three seasons as a scout for the Colorado Rockies, mostly in the Pacific Rim, signing Chin-hui Tsao among other players. In 2001, he returned to minor league managing with the independent Sonoma County Crushers. The following season, he was hired by the Texas Rangers, and managed in their system until 2004, when he won another league title with the Frisco RoughRiders of the Texas League.
In 2005, the Rangers made Ireland their minor league baserunning coordinator. In 2006 he started the season as manager of the Oklahoma RedHawks, but was replaced after 33 games by Mike Boulanger.

</doc>
<doc id="19048803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048803" title="Toshishiro Obata">
Toshishiro Obata

He is well-known in Japan as a tameshigiri champion for several years in a row and is an authorized shitoka (sword tester).
He studied aikido under Gozo Shioda in the Yoshinkan Honbu Dojo, and studied the sword arts of Nakamura-ryu, Ioriken Battojutsu, Toyama-ryu, Yagyu Shinkage-ryu, Kashima Shin-ryu, Ryukyu Kobudo, Hiten Mitsurugi-ryu, and others. 
He moved to America in 1980 to start teaching and to develop his own sword art, based on his extensive experience. In 1990, the International Shinkendo Federation was officially established. The federation has grown to 80 branches internationally, and continues to expand. Obata, as the founder of the school, is referred to as Obata Kaiso by his students, and continues to travel across the globe to hold seminars for his students around the world.
Beginnings in martial arts.
Yoshinkan Aikido.
In 1966, the 18-year-old Obata left his small rural hometown and headed for Tokyo, to begin a career in martial arts. He soon found himself at Yoshinkan Honbu Dojo, the birthplace of Yoshinkan Aikido, where he became Uchi-deshi, live-in student, under headmaster Shioda Gozo. Obata stayed at Yoshinkan for seven years as a student and instructor, eventually teaching the Tokyo Metropolitan Riot Police course. It was during this time that Obata was introduced to Japanese swordsmanship, when he observed several demonstrations by Nakamura Taizoboru, headmaster of Nakamura Ryu.
Swordsmanship.
Obata left Yoshinkan in 1973 to pursue swordsmanship full-time. He studied and achieved high rankings in many famous Japanese schools, including Nakamura-yu, Ioriken Battojutsu, Toyama-ryu, Yagyu Shinkage-ryu, Kashima Shin-ryu, Ryukyu Kobudo, and others. He also joined the Tokyo Wakakoma, Japan's elite group of stuntmen and fight choreographers, and was responsible for the introduction and increasing popularity of Aikido into Japanese TV and films in that period. During this time, Obata also won seven consecutive All-Japan target-cutting championships.
Martial arts development.
Shinkendo.
In all of his studies it became clear to Obata that although each school had its particular strengths, none taught a complete, comprehensive sword system. The traditional schools in Japan are not allowed to change or expand upon their original curriculum. They are considered to be living, breathing, historical treasures and must be preserved as faithfully and precisely as possible. The inheritor of a traditional school is therefore duty-bound to teach techniques, training methods, and ideals exactly as he learned them. To change or add anything would be seen as terribly disrespectful to the original founder of the school. It was for this reason that Obata at age 32, having mastered many of the old schools in Japan, came to America in 1980 to start a new, comprehensive system of study: Shinkendo Japanese Swordsmanship.
Obata spent 10 years refining his art before unveiling it to the world officially in 1991. The International Shinkendo Federation was established three years later. As the creator of an entirely new system of sword study, he assumed the title of "Kaiso" (Founder), and started teaching seminars and opening branches all across the world. At the present time, there are over 80 branches of the ISF worldwide.
Nito-Ken techniques.
In 2004, a new aspect of Shinkendo training was formalized: the study of Nitoken, or Two-Sword training. The techniques he created are based on his wide knowledge of different sword arts. During class, it is common to use two full-length swords for training. The techniques can be interchanged with the use of a daisho, the short and long sword set.
Career.
Film.
Since 1986, Obata has appeared in several Hollywood films, including "Black Rain", "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" and "", "Showdown in Little Tokyo", "Rising Sun", "The Shadow", "The Hunted", and "Demolition Man". He has also appeared as himself in martial arts documentaries.
Books.
Obata Kaiso has published several books, most notably "Shinkendo, Japanese Swordsmanship"–the core textbook of his art–, "Tameshigiri"–dedicated to the safe and effective practice of target cutting within the study of Shinkendo, and "Modern Bushido"– a treatise on the philosophy of Shinkendo. Kaiso is still working on several more books, including deeper studies into each aspect of swordsmanship, and a historical view of Toyama-ryu.

</doc>
<doc id="19048807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048807" title="Teabag folding">
Teabag folding

Teabag folding is a form of origami the development of which is credited to Tiny (pronounced Teeny) van der Plas, who as a practitioner of origami developed the technique in 1992 as a papercraft art for embellishing greeting cards.
It uses small square pieces of paper bearing symmetrical designs that are folded in such a way that they interlock and produce a 3 Dimensional version of the underlying design.
History.
Origami (meaning literally "ori" folding "kami" paper) the Japanese art of paper folding dates back to antiquity. The name Teabag folding was coined after Mrs van der Plas first set about folding the greetings cards. The wrappers were essentially square and of equal size, the two main prerequisites for producing symmetrical and pleasing imagery.
Usage.
Like many crafts or art forms the expression continues to be developed. The basic kite fold is used to produce rosettes that are a 3 dimensional version of the 2D design. There are many other folds and designs in existence and they are only limited by the imagination of the artist. Typical designs show birds, butterflies, flowers and generally imitate some of the raw beauty found in nature.
Education.
The basic rosette design requires eight matching squares to be folded into the 'kite' design. Maths teachers find the designs very useful as a practical way of demonstrating some of the basic properties of symmetry .

</doc>
<doc id="19048809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048809" title="Lesko uprising">
Lesko uprising

Lesko uprising (), which took place in June and July 1932, was an uprising of peasantry in the Bieszczady Mountains, against the local authorities of the Second Polish Republic. The impoverished peasants mistook the government introduction of public works aimed at stemming the Great Crisis as an attempt to reintroduce serfdom. First clashes occurred on June 21, over the next weeks thousands of people became involved across the Bieszczady region (primarily around the town of Lesko), as Polish police and military put down the unrest. The uprising ended on 9 July, with about a dozen dead, many wounded and a few hundred peasants arrested. 
Causes of the uprising.
The uprising was directly connected with the idea of a local magnate, Count Jan Potocki of Rymanow, who suggested that local residents should take part in public works project. In the area of Rymanow the idea was widely accepted, as local Lemkos respected Potocki, and joined the project, whose purpose was to improve infrastructure - roads, bridges, schools. The situation was different in the Bieszczady Mountains, where the Starosta of Lesko tried to introduce Potocki’s idea. On June 19, 1932, a meeting of Potocki and local officials took place at Ustrzyki Dolne, during which an Organizational Committee was created. 
Next meeting took place on June 21, at Brzegi Dolne. Among its participants was engineer Stefan Zieba, who urged peasants to join the public works. In response, Mykola Werebenec, the son of a local Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church parish priest claimed that Potocki’s idea was in fact an attempt to reintroduce serfdom. The meeting turned into a heated argument, and then into a riot, in which peasants, armed with sticks and pickaxes, surrounded the officials. Altogether, 39 people were arrested, including 4 women. Some other sources claim that the peasants were egged on by members of Communist Party of Western Ukraine, who spread rumour that serfdom would be brought back. 
The arrest of 39 peasants echoed in the area, and soon afterwards, residents of local villages, such as Telesnica Oszwarowa, Lobozew Dolny, Lobozew Gorny, Bobrka joined the rebellion. Their struggle was supported by parish priests.
The uprising.
Among organizers of the uprising were such individuals, as Piotr Madej, Stanislaw Lenkiewicz, Wladyslaw Nowicki, Mikolaj Malecki, Stanislaw Drozd, Antoni Paclawski and Iwan Bucio. Peasants were armed with axes, pickaxes, rakes and scythes. They were faced by reinforced police units, as well as soldiers of the Polish Army garrison in Przemyśl. First clash took place at Brzegi Dolne on June 23, after which several arrests took place. 
In the following days clashes took place at several other villages. At Lobozew, some 2,000 peasants fought the police and the soldiers, with five casualties. Urged by the police to disperse, the peasants stated that they would go home only if police units were withdrawn from Lobozow. As the situation did not improve, the starosta of Lesko informed the Voivode of Lwow Voivodeship, asking him for help. As a result, Polish Army sent the 2nd Regiment of Podhale Rifles from Sanok, mounted and foot police units from Przemysl, Sambor, Sanok and Mosty Wielkie, as well as a squadron of Polish Airforce. 
The uprising spread to villages from the counties of Dobromil, Sanok and Turka. Armed peasants fought four skirmishes with the police and the soldiers, near the villages of Lobozew, Telesnica Oszwarowa and Bobrka. Since government forces were armed with machine guns, the insurgents withdrew southwards, in the sparsely populated hills. They were followed by the army units, which pacified the peasants.
Outcome.
Altogether, up to 800 people were arrested, out of some 5,000 participants from 19 villages. Exact number of casualties has not been established. In historiography of the People's Republic of Poland, Lesko uprising was regarded as a popular insurrection against oppressive Capitalists. A monument commemorating the event has been erected on the village of Bóbrka.

</doc>
<doc id="19048824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048824" title="Daniel Kraus">
Daniel Kraus

Daniel Kraus (born 11 May 1984 in Leipzig) is a German former footballer and current head and goalkeeper coach of FF USV Jena.
Coaching career.
Kraus holds coaching licence C and began as goalkeeper coach for FF USV Jena in July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19048828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048828" title="Buciegas">
Buciegas

Buciegas is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 79.

</doc>
<doc id="19048834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048834" title="Paisaci">
Paisaci

Paisaci, also known as Paisachi, or Paishachi, is an extinct language of classical India, mentioned as a medium of debate and literary expression in various Theravada Buddhist sources, and in Prakrit and Sanskrit grammars of antiquity. It is not known to what extent this was a vernacular or an artificial literary language, comparable to Pāli.
The Sanskrit etymology of the name of the language (suggesting that it means "spoken by demons") is deemed by modern scholars to be either jocular or simply false. As with most languages, the name seems to be devolved from a toponym associated with the origin or homeland of the language. In works of Sanskrit poetics such as Daṇḍin's "Kavyadarsha", it is also known by the name of Bhutabhasha.
There are no extant works in this language today, and the only work attributed to be in Paisaci is the "Brihat-katha" (The Large Story), a large collection of stories written in the 5th century BC. It is known of through its adaptation in Sanskrit as the "Katha-Saritsagara" in the 11th century by Somadeva. One of the famous series of stories in this work is the "Vikram and Vetaal" series. Talking of its existence, Pollock writes:
Influence on Modern languages.
The influence of Paisachi over Konkani can be proved from the findings of Dr. Taraporewala who, in his book "Elements of Science of Languages", Calcutta University,he ascertains that Konkani shows many Dardic features which are found in present day Kashmiri and Punjabi. Also Historian Vishwanath Kashinath Rajwade claims that some of the old works like "Krista Purana", "Krishnadas Shama"'s "Mahabharat" composed in Konkani reveal that modern Konkani might be a successor of Paishachi.

</doc>
<doc id="19048845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048845" title="SNAP-1">
SNAP-1

SNAP-1 is a British nanosatellite orbiting in Low Earth Orbit. The satellite was built at the Surrey Space Centre by Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd (SSTL) and members of the University of Surrey. It was launched on the 28th June 2000 on board a Kosmos-3M rocket from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome in northern Russia. It shared the launch with a Russian Nadezhda search and relay spacecraft and the Chinese Tsinghua-1 microsatellite.
Mission.
The objectives of the SNAP-1 mission were to:
During deployment, SNAP-1 successfully imaged the Nadezhda and Tsinghua-1 satellites that accompanied it on the launch. Once in orbit, SNAP-1 achieved three axis attitude control, then demonstrated its orbital maintenance capability using its butane cold gas propulsion system.
Architecture.
The SNAP-1 satellite contained the following modules:

</doc>
<doc id="19048857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048857" title="Aidan White (footballer)">
Aidan White (footballer)

Aidan "Aidy" Peter White (born 10 October 1991) is a footballer who plays as a left back for Leeds United. Born in Otley, West Yorkshire, he made his debut for Leeds aged 16 and progressed to become a regular member of the first team squad. He plays mainly as a left-back but he can also play as a left winger and has represented both England and Ireland at youth level.
Career.
Club Career.
White started his career at Leeds United in The Championship of the English Football League, joining their youth system in 2002, having attended the Brazilian Soccer Schools scheme for a number of years. He made his debut for the Leeds first team at the age of 16 in a League Cup game against Crystal Palace on 26 August 2008, being given a standing ovation from Leeds fans when he was replaced by substitute Bradley Johnson. White made his league debut in the 2–0 win over Carlisle United on 20 September 2008 and signed a professional contract with Leeds in December, contracting him to club until June 2012. Having been highlighted as one of 20 future England stars, along with fellow Leeds teammate Fabian Delph in an article in "The Guardian" in November, injury problems led to White missing much of the later part of the season as Leeds reached the playoffs.
White returned to training after his injury problems for the start of the 2009–10 season. His injury problems resurfaced after suffering a knee injury during pre-season however, and he eventually made his first start and appearance of the season in a Football League Trophy game against Darlington. White started for Leeds in the FA Cup replay against Kettering Town but had to be replaced in the second half through injury. White did not make his first league start of the season until the fixture at Elland Road against Oldham Athletic. White was played regularly for the remainder of the season, in which Leeds United which gained promotion to the Championship, after finishing runner-up in League One. White's form prompted him to be voted Leeds United's Young Player Of The Year in the fans end of year awards.
After starting Leeds' first season back in the Championship as a first team regular, White picked up a back injury soon after which ruled him out for a month. Manager Simon Grayson subsequently revealed that he was looking to send White out on loan, so that he could get some more first team experience and also help improve his match fitness. He also stated that long term he saw White as a left winger rather than a left back. On 18 November 2010 White joined Oldham Athletic on loan until the following January, a club managed by his former Leeds team-mate Paul Dickov. White scored his first goal in senior football on his debut for Oldham against Dagenham & Redbridge. Whites loan spell was disrupted by five fixture postponements due to adverse weather conditions. He rejoined Oldham on loan on 27 January 2011 until the end of the season. White finished his loan spell having played 24 matches and scoring four goals.
White wanted to use the experience during his loan spell the previous season to help revitalise his Leeds United career and to help earn him a regular starting spot. White also claimed that his time on loan had helped stop him get the bouts of cramp he used to suffer when playing for Leeds. After playing a part in most Leeds' pre season fixtures, White received a new squad number of 28 for the forthcoming season. After regaining a place in the starting eleven, White was suspended after being sent off against Ipswich Town. Leeds appealed against the red-card decision but were rejected, meaning White was forced to serve out his suspension. In September 2011 White revealed he was now over the persistent cramp he used to suffer in games due to 'nervous anxiety' prior to his spell at Oldham. White was linked with a move to Derby County in October, however he revealed he wanted to stay at Leeds long term after cementing his place in the Leeds side. Having been Leeds' first choice left back, after a change in formation White found himself playing out on the left wing as the season progressed. White turned down the offer of a new four-year contract with the club in December, amidst rumored Premiership interest, but remained in negotiations with the club, with manager Simon Grayson confident White would commit his long term future to Leeds. After being deployed mainly as a left back under Simon Grayson, new manager Neil Warnock played White in an attacking right wing position. However during March, White was ruled out for the rest of the season after picking up an injury whilst playing against Watford. With Norwich City showing an interest in signing White at the end of his contract, Leeds stated that they were finalising an improved offer to extend White's contract. After further reported transfer interest in White, this time from Newcastle United, Leeds manager Neil Warnock confirmed that White had been offered a further new contract to keep him at the club. White was again linked with moves to Celtic and Newcastle United, and by the end of May Warnock said he expected White to leave the club. French club Lille OSC were then publicly linked with signing White, as were Bundesliga club Werder Bremen.
Contrary to this speculation, in July 2012 White went on to sign a new deal Leeds United, designed to keep him at the club for a further three years. White was allocated the number 14 shirt for the 2012–13 season. White finally scored his first goal for Leeds United in their 2–1 League Cup victory against Premier League side Everton in September 2012. White lost his place in the side in the during the January transfer window as Leeds signed left-back Stephen Warnock, with White subsequently being played in an unfamiliar role on the right-wing. At the clubs end of season awards, White's goal against Everton won the award for the fastest goal from open play.
In August 2013, Leeds United confirmed that they had rejected a joint bid from Blackpool for White and teammate Ross McCormack. However, having spent most of the season to date in the reserves, in October White joined Sheffield United on loan until the start of January 2014. After making eight appearances for the Blades, White picked up an ankle injury during their Boxing Day fixture with Oldham Athletic which ruled him out for a month. With his loan deal due to expire during that period, White returned early to his parent club to receive treatment.
International career.
White made his England under-19 debut in March 2009, when he came on as a 73rd minute substitute against the Czech Republic at Walsall's Bescot Stadium in a 0–0 draw. White decided to change his International allegiance, and declared himself for the Republic of Ireland U21 and was called up to the U21 squad to play Austria on 10 August 2011. White made his debut for Republic of Ireland U21 starting the match against Austria, Ireland won the game 2–1 with White providing an assist for Robbie Brady. White was again called up to the Ireland Under 21 squad for friendlies against Hungary and Turkey. He kept his place in the squad for the Under 21s game against Liechtenstein and managed to score his first goal for Ireland in a 2–0 victory.
Ireland under 21 manager Noel King said that White had been a revelation for Ireland Under 21s and that he expected White to break into the full senior squad. After his form for both club and country, White was nominated for Under 21 International player of the year at the FAI International Football Awards, with former Leeds teammate Darren O'Dea also nominated for an award. White captained Republic of Ireland U21's to a 4–2 victory against Italy U21's on 10 September.
Honours.
Club.
League One
Personal.
Leeds United
Player of the Year Awards – Young Player of the Year:

</doc>
<doc id="19048859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048859" title="Kel Owey">
Kel Owey

The Kel Owey (var. Kel Owi, Kel Ewey form "People of the Bull") are a Tuareg clan confederation which from the 18th century until the advent of French colonial rule at the beginning of the 20th century was a dominant power in the Aïr region of north central Niger.
History.
The Kel Owey have, like many Tuareg confederations been both a sub-group of other confederations and the dominant power over other clans. In 1740 the Kel Owey moved south from modern Algeria and destroyed the town of Assodé, sacked Agadez, placed the Sultanate of Agadez under their control, and dispersed the Kel Ayr to the south and west. The confederation was then under the direct suzerainary of the Anastafidet, lord of the Kel Owey. Heinrich Barth passed through the Aouderas valley with a Kel Owey trans-Saharan caravan in 1850, and reported that it was only recently that the Kel Owey had pushed the Kel Gres and Kel Itesen Tuareg south and west out of the valley. When the French appeared in force in the 1890s, they found the nomadic the Kel Owey confederation allied now to a confederation led by the Kel Ayr, but remaining the dominant power from the Aïr Mountains south to Damergu just north of Zinder. 
Central Saharan trade.
Throughout the 19th century the Kel Owey controlled the central of three main trade routes from the West African Sahel to the Mediterranean. Kel Owey caravans carried hides, gold, ostrich feathers and slaves north from the borders of the Sokoto Caliphate, beginning in Kano, Zinder, Agadez, the Air, to Ghat and Ghadames. The Kel Owey also for some time controlled the Agadez centered trade in salt and dates, called the Azalai. This trade was supplemented by grain grown in the fertile Air by bonded servile Tuareg classes, conquered communities, and slaves working plantation estates witnessed by Barth. Barth stayed at a series of estates held by the family of Annur, a high ranking Kel Owey noble, as well as those held by the Anastafidet himself, commenting on their extensive size, geographic spread, and the relative lack of restrictions on the labourers who were, technically, often first generation slaves. Barth reports the in the Air seeing the southernmost use of plow agriculture, and detailing Kel Owey plantations, trade villages, and weigh stations deep in the territory of their southern neighbors at Tessawa and Damagaram, and mixed into the territory controlled by the Imazureg Tuareg around Gangara. From the date plantations and salt basins of the Kaouar, huge caravans transported good south to Zinder and Kano.
20th century.
After participating in a number of rebellions against French rule and being particularly hard hit by a series of famines in the second decade of the 1900s, their noble and warrior clans were almost destroyed, and some others of their constituent elements have been largely subsumed by other Toureg "Kel"s. The Kel Owey remain powerful in the central Aïr Massif, especially in the Bagzane plateau.

</doc>
<doc id="19048862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048862" title="One More Chance (Pet Shop Boys song)">
One More Chance (Pet Shop Boys song)

__NOTOC__
"One More Chance" is a song by the English electronic music duo Pet Shop Boys, first released as their second single in 1984 and re-recorded for their second album "Actually" in 1987. The track was originally credited to Neil Tennant and producer Bobby Orlando, before Chris Lowe wrote additional music for the album version.
Composition.
"One More Chance" was based on an unused backing track Bobby Orlando had recorded for the actor/singer Divine, provisionally titled "Rock Me". Tennant then wrote a lyric for the song while in Broadway, exploring themes of masochism and 'romantic paranoia'. Later, in 1987, the midsection was added (""You're so extreme / I want to take you home with me"").
Releases.
The Bobby Orlando production was released on 12-inch vinyl in the USA by Bobcat Records; in Germany, Belgium and Canada by ZYX Records, ChanneL Records and Unidisc respectively; and on 7-inch vinyl in Sweden by Planet Records.
One of the two US singles included an early version of "West End Girls", later their breakthrough single in 1985. The Canadian release featured tracks by Girly and Divine.
The 1987 re-recording was produced by Julian Mendelsohn as a standard 7-inch single and album version. Pet Shop Boys were dissatisfied with the mix so Mandelsohn produced a 12-inch remix, which ultimately ended up on the album. The unused 7-inch mix was eventually released in 2001 on the second disc of "Actually / Further Listening 1987–1988".

</doc>
<doc id="19048880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048880" title="Maghull Novices' Chase">
Maghull Novices' Chase

The Maghull Novices' Chase is a Grade 1 National Hunt chase in Great Britain which is open to horses aged five years or older. It is run at Aintree over a distance of about 2 miles (3,219 metres), and during its running there are twelve fences to be jumped. The race is for novice chasers, and it is scheduled to take place each year during the Grand National meeting in early April.
The event was established in 1954, and it has been known by various titles. It is currently named after Maghull, a town located to the north of Aintree. For a period the race was classed at Grade 2 level, and it was promoted to Grade 1 status in 1995.
The Maghull Novices' Chase usually features horses which ran previously in the Arkle Challenge Trophy, and the last to win both events was Sprinter Sacre in 2012.
Records.
Leading jockey since 1977 (3 wins):
Leading trainer since 1977 (5 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="19048886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048886" title="La saga des gaffes">
La saga des gaffes

La saga des gaffes, written and drawn by Franquin, is the fifteenth album of the original "Gaston Lagaffe" series. It is made up of 44 strips previously published in Spirou.
Story.
Most of the running gags feature Longtarin and Lagaffe, engaged in an intense struggle.
Background.
This is the last album of the original Gaston Lagaffe series which is entirely composed of new comics strips.

</doc>
<doc id="19048891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048891" title="PECR">
PECR

Peroxisomal trans-2-enoyl-CoA reductase is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the "PECR" gene.

</doc>
<doc id="19048902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048902" title="Least absolute deviations">
Least absolute deviations

Least absolute deviations (LAD), also known as Least Absolute Errors (LAE), Least Absolute Value (LAV), or the "L"1 norm problem, is a mathematical optimization technique similar to the popular least squares technique that attempts to find a function which closely approximates a set of data. In the simple case of a set of ("x","y") data, the approximation function is a simple "trend line" in two-dimensional Cartesian coordinates. The method minimizes the sum of absolute errors (SAE) (the sum of the absolute values of the vertical "residuals" between points generated by the function and corresponding points in the data). The least absolute deviations estimate also arises as the maximum likelihood estimate if the errors have a Laplace distribution.
Formulation of the problem.
Suppose that the data set consists of the points ("x""i", "y""i") with "i" = 1, 2, ..., "n". We want to find a function "f" such that formula_1
To attain this goal, we suppose that the function "f" is of a particular form containing some parameters which need to be determined. For instance, the simplest form would be linear: "f"("x") = "bx" + "c", where "b" and "c" are parameters whose values are not known but which we would like to estimate. Less simply, suppose that "f"("x") is quadratic, meaning that "f"("x") = "ax"2 + "bx" + "c", where "a", "b" and "c" are not yet known. (More generally, there could be not just one explanator "x", but rather multiple explanators, all appearing as arguments of the function "f".)
We now seek estimated values of the unknown parameters that minimize the sum of the absolute values of the residuals:
Contrasting Least Squares with Least Absolute Deviations.
The following is a table contrasting some properties of the method of least absolute deviations with those of the method of least squares (for non-singular problems).
The method of least absolute deviations finds applications in many areas, due to its robustness compared to the least squares method. Least absolute deviations is robust in that it is resistant to outliers in the data. This may be helpful in studies where outliers may be safely and effectively ignored. If it is important to pay attention to any and all outliers, the method of least squares is a better choice.
The instability property of the method of least absolute deviations means that, for a small horizontal adjustment of a datum, the regression line may jump a large amount. The method has continuous solutions for some data configurations; however, by moving a datum a small amount, one could "jump past" a configuration which has multiple solutions that span a region. After passing this region of solutions, the least absolute deviations line has a slope that may differ greatly from that of the previous line. In contrast, the least squares solutions is stable in that, for any small adjustment of a data point, the regression line will always move only slightly; that is, the regression parameters are continuous functions of the data.
Lastly, for a given data set, the method of least absolute deviations may produce multiple solutions, whereas the method of least squares always produces only one solution (the regression line is unique).
For a set of applets that demonstrate these differences, see the following site: http://www.math.wpi.edu/Course_Materials/SAS/lablets/7.3/73_choices.html
Other properties.
There exist other unique properties of the least absolute deviations line. In the case of a set of ("x","y") data, the least absolute deviations line will always pass through at least two of the data points, unless there are multiple solutions. If multiple solutions exist, then the region of valid least absolute deviations solutions will be bounded by at least two lines, each of which passes through at least two data points. More generally, if there are "k" regressors (including the constant), then at least one optimal regression surface will pass through "k" of the data points.
This "latching" of the line to the data points can help to understand the "instability" property: if the line always latches to at least two points, then the line will jump between different sets of points as the data points are altered. The "latching" also helps to understand the "robustness" property: if there exists an outlier, and a least absolute deviations line must latch onto two data points, the outlier will most likely not be one of those two points because that will not minimize the sum of absolute deviations in most cases.
One known case in which multiple solutions exist is a set of points symmetric about a horizontal line, as shown in Figure A below.
To understand why there are multiple solutions in the case shown in Figure A, consider the pink line in the green region. Its sum of absolute errors is some value S. If one were to tilt the line upward slightly, while still keeping it within the green region, the sum of errors would still be S. It would not change because the distance from each point to the line grows on one side of the line, while the distance to each point on the opposite side of the line diminishes by exactly the same amount. Thus the sum of absolute errors remains the same. Also, since one can tilt the line in infinitely small increments, this also shows that if there is more than one solution, there are infinitely many solutions.
Variations, extensions, specializations.
The least absolute deviation problem may be extended to include multiple explanators, constraints and regularization, e.g., a linear model with linear constraints:
where formula_5 is a column vector of coefficients to be estimated, "b" is an intercept to be estimated, xi is a column vector of the "i"th observations on the various explanators, "y""i" is the "i"th observation on the dependent variable, and "k" is a known constant.
Regularization with LASSO may also be combined with LAD.
Solving methods.
Though the idea of least absolute deviations regression is just as straightforward as that of least squares regression, the least absolute deviations line is not as simple to compute efficiently. Unlike least squares regression, least absolute deviations regression does not have an analytical solving method. Therefore, an iterative approach is required. The following is an enumeration of some least absolute deviations solving methods.
Simplex-based methods are the “preferred” way to solve the least absolute deviations problem. A Simplex method is a method for solving a problem in linear programming. The most popular algorithm is the Barrodale-Roberts modified Simplex algorithm. The algorithms for IRLS, Wesolowsky's Method, and Li's Method can be found in Appendix A of,
among other methods. Checking all combinations of lines traversing any two (x,y) data points is another method of finding the least absolute deviations line. Since it is known that at least one least absolute deviations line traverses at least two data points, this method will find a line by comparing the SAE of each line, and choosing the line with the smallest SAE. In addition, if multiple lines have the same, smallest SAE, then the lines outline the region of multiple solutions. Though simple, this final method is inefficient for large sets of data.
Solving using linear programming.
The problem can be solved using any linear programming technique on the following problem specification. We wish to
with respect to the choice of the values of the parameters formula_7, where "y""i" is the value of the "i"th observation of the dependent variable, and "x""ij" is the value of the "i"th observation of the "j"th independent variable ("j" = 1...,"k"). We rewrite this problem in terms of artificial variables "u""i" as
These constraints have the effect of forcing each formula_13 to equal formula_14 upon being minimized, so the objective function is equivalent to the original objective function. Since this version of the problem statement does not contain the absolute value operator, it is in a format that can be solved with any linear programming package.

</doc>
<doc id="19048914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048914" title="Creața River">
Creața River

The Creața River is a tributary of the Șercăița River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19048933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048933" title="Evanston Central Street (Metra station)">
Evanston Central Street (Metra station)

Evanston Central Street is the northernmost of the three commuter railroad stations in Evanston, Illinois, USA. It is an elevated station at Green Bay Road and Central Street, surrounded by a neighborhood of stores, restaurants and multi-story apartment buildings. Just north of the station, the tracks descend to grade and pass through Wilmette on ground level.
Evanston Central Street station is served by Metra's Union Pacific/North Line, with service south to Ogilvie Transportation Center in Chicago and as far north as Kenosha, Wisconsin. The station is from Ogilvie Transportation Center. In Metra's zone-based fare system, Evanston Central Street is in zone C. There are two platforms: northbound trains stop at the west platform, and southbound trains stop at the east platform. Evanston Central Street has a station house on the east platform. The station house contains a ticket booth as well as a coffee and pastry shop named "Top of the Tracks." The station house is open from 5:15 a.m. to 1:15 p.m. and a ticket agent is present during these hours on weekdays.
This is the closest Metra station to Northwestern University's sports complex at Ryan Field. Chicago Transit Authority's Central station on the Purple Line is less than a mile to the east.
A highly unusual incident occurred at this station on August 23, 2006, when a train bound from Kenosha to Chicago ran out of fuel, apparently due to employee error.
Bus connections.
CTA Buses
Pace Buses

</doc>
<doc id="19048939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048939" title="Blackstrap Provincial Park">
Blackstrap Provincial Park

Blackstrap Provincial Park is a provincial park in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. It consists of a conservation area with a man made lake, a campground, and a man made mountain, Blackstrap Ski Hill. The park is located east of Dundurn and accessed via Saskatchewan Highway 211. The ski hill was first developed in 1970 for the Canada Winter Games and operated until 2007. The provincial park was established in 1986.
History.
In 1969, the land was acquired for the construction of Mount Blackstrap for the 1971 Canada Winter Games. The land used to create the mountain later became the reserve for Lake Blackstrap. Water used to flood and maintain the lake is gravity fed via an earthen aqueduct from Lake Diefenbaker. Local legend claims that the name for the region is derived from an incident involving the breaking of a barrel of blackstrap molasses during transport through the valley, thereafter becoming known as Blackstrap.
Fred Wilson, reeve of the Dundurn RM, Whitecap Dakota First Nation and surrounding municipalities in the area have shown support to convert the provincial park to a regional park. Development of the roadways, cabins, housing, and camping would impart more financial aid to the park, which would be addressed by the communities. The operation of the ski hill for the year of 2007 was estimated at $465,000 by the provincial government. No private sector came forward to run the hill, and it was closed down. But due to a sudden boom in the immigration to the province and a booming economy, offers are expected to come in. Provincial funding to Blackstrap Provincial Park has historically supported the ski hill operations only and the remainder of the park has deteriorated. Christine Tell, minister of Tourism, parks, culture and sport, and Van Isman, Tourism and parks deputy minister will update the provincial government's Blackstrap provincial park management plan to aim to make Blackstrap the best facility it can be.
In 2013, the provincial government announced that two private companies would spend $2.6 million on a new marina and cabins in the park.
Activities include mountain biking, fishing, hiking, boating, wind sailing, cross country and downhill skiing and camping.
Location.
Legal Land Description township 32- range 3-West of the 3rd Meridian
Local communities.
Local communities on the shore of Lake Blackstrap include two villages and one small group of estates: the resort village of Thode, the resort village of Shields, and Skyview Estates. Thode is located on the north-west shore of Lake Blackstrap directly across from the main beach at Blackstrap Provincial Park, and is home to approximately 156 people who live there year round. Most of the people in Thode live either directly on the lakeshore, or have an unobstructed view over the lakeshore road which separates them from the lake. Shields is on the north-east Shore of Lake Blackstrap and is home to approximately 172 people who also live there year round. It also has a golf course which includes a view of Lake Blackstrap, and is maintained locally by the Shields community. Unlike Thode, only a portion of Shields is lakefront property. In addition to the full-time residents, Shields and Thode have summer cottagers which are not reflected in the population statistics. Skyview Estates is a small group of large estate homes located between north-west bend of Blackstrap Lake and accessed from Highway 11. The estates have a view of the mountain; Blackstrap Ski Hill, and the lake, and are across from the Blackstrap Provincial Park camp grounds. Skyview Estates has its own marina allowing the residents unlimited access to the water. However, the estates themselves do not actually connect to the shore.
Fish species.
Fish species include walleye, yellow perch, northern pike, burbot and white sucker.

</doc>
<doc id="19048945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048945" title="Don Fry">
Don Fry

Don Fry AO (born Donald G. Fry) is an Australian engineer, company director, entrepreneur and philanthropist.
NQEA.
Fry is Owner & Chairman of AIMTEK (formerly NQEA Australia Pty Ltd, formerly North Queensland Engineers and Agents Pty Ltd), started by his father in 1948 in Cairns, Queensland as a general engineering company contracting to the mining industry, then diversified. Fry started his apprenticeship as a Fitter and Turner with NQEA.
Under Fry's direction, NQEA later entered the boat building and maintenance industry, and won the contract to build the 14 Australian follow-on 42m Fremantle Class patrol boats for the Royal Australian Navy that entered service in the 1980s, then provided maintenance for the ships. NQEA later built and maintained luxury pleasure boats.
NQEA has built:
• Automatic road to rail Bin Transfer System
• Continuous 'A' grade Fugal for the separation of molasses from sugar
• Semi-Swath Passenger/Vehicle Catamaran
• Low Wash Ferries operating in Sydney, Tahiti, Holland, Nigeria and London
• Automatic Docking Systems
• Coffee and Tea Harvesters
• Bauxite washing facilities
• Coal loading conveyor systems and bucket wheel reclaimers
• Semi-submersible Reef Viewer
• 100 tonne Ship ‘Travellift’ and associated infrastructure.
• 27 fully automatic Bagasse Storage and Reclaim Systems in Fiji, Jamaica, NSW & Queensland
• First silica sand processing, stockpile, wharf and ship-loading facility at Cape Flattery
• Landing craft
• 30 tonne bollard pull tugs
• Prawn trawlers
• Luxury passenger ferry for Hayman Island
• 22 work boats for the RAN & Australian Army
• 8 Work Boats for the PNG Government
• 14 Fremantle class Patrol Craft for the RAN
• 6 low wash ferries for Sydney, numerous fast ferries for Queensland tourist operators
• 5,000 tonne deadweight slip hopper powered barge
• Luxury yachts for Australian and US clients
• 3,000 tonne deadweight ore carrier - fitted with a fully automatic filling and discharge system and autodocking system
• Fast ferries and hovercraft exported to PNG, Japan, New Zealand, Kuwait, Yugoslavia, Singapore, Malaysia, Taiwan, Canada, England, Seychelles, Angola and Holland.
Hypersonics.
The Australian Defence Force Academy in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory contracted NQEA to build a complete ground testing hypersonics test chamber to a design developed by him.
In 2004 NQEA built a nozzle for a scramjet (supersonic combustion ramjet engine) to be tested by the University of Queensland ground test facility, the T4 tunnel. Fry has been designated as an Adjunct Professor of the University's School of Engineering.
Community involvement.
Besides his business and scientific interests, Don Fry chairs Australia’s national committee advising the Government of Australia on homelessness.
He is chair of the James Cook University Engineering Advisory Board.
Fry is a recipient of the Institution of Engineers Australia highest National award. He was the inaugural recipient of the Queensland Division Hall of Fame.
Fry has also been inducted into the Queensland University of Technology Hall of Fame for Outstanding Constructors.
He is Patron of the FNQ Independent Living Support Assoc. Inc, a longtime board member of Lifeline Cairns, and has been for 30 years member of the Cairns Salvation Army Advisory Board.
In 2006 he was appointed a special trustee for ensuring the allocation of funds under the federal government's Cyclone Larry assistance package.

</doc>
<doc id="19048959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048959" title="Anton Schwartz">
Anton Schwartz

Anton Schwartz (born July 16, 1967) is an American jazz saxophonist and composer based in Seattle, Washington and Oakland, California.
Biography.
Anton Schwartz was born and raised in New York City, the son of Tony Schwartz, the audio documentarian and media theorist, and Reenah Lurie Schwartz. He attended the The Dalton School, during which time he studied jazz privately with Warne Marsh and Eddie Daniels,
and studied advanced mathematics at New York University and Columbia University. He earned his Bachelor's, Phi Beta Kappa, in Mathematics and Philosophy at Harvard University in 1989, whereupon he entered the Doctoral program in Computer Science at Stanford University on a National Science Foundation Fellowship.
There he pursued research in artificial Intelligence, specializing in reinforcement learning.
He left the program to become a full-time musician, but not before earning a Master of Science degree along the way.
He has released five CDs as a leader, on his own Antonjazz label.
They have garnered strong national radio play and reviews.
His 2006 CD, Radiant Blue, featured Peter Bernstein on guitar and Taylor Eigsti on piano and hit number Four on the U.S. jazz radio charts.
Schwartz performs periodically at Yoshi's. One such performance was broadcast nationally in the U.S. as an hourlong episode of NPR's JazzSet.
Schwartz is a faculty member of the Jazzschool in Berkeley, California
and The Stanford Jazz Workshop, and has been Artist-In-Residence at Harvard University
and The Brubeck Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="19048961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048961" title="Homegrown (UB40 album)">
Homegrown (UB40 album)

Homegrown is the fourteenth album by UB40 released on November 3, 2003. The only single release from this album was "Swing Low", which was used as the Official Theme for the 2003 Rugby World Cup

</doc>
<doc id="19048968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048968" title="Spider web">
Spider web

A spider web, spiderweb, spider's web, or cobweb (from the obsolete word "", meaning "spider") is a device created by a spider out of proteinaceous spider silk extruded from its spinnerets.
Spider webs have existed for at least 100 million years, as witnessed in a rare find of Early Cretaceous amber from Sussex, southern England.
Insects can get trapped in spider webs, providing nutrition to the spider; however, not all spiders build webs to catch prey, and some do not build webs at all. ""Spider web"" is typically used to refer to a web that is apparently still in use (i.e. clean), whereas ""cobweb"" refers to abandoned (i.e. dusty) webs. However, "cobweb" is used to describe the tangled three-dimensional web of some spiders of the theridiidae family.
Whilst this large family is also known as the tangle-web spiders, cobweb spiders and comb-footed spiders, they actually have a huge range of web architectures.
Silk production.
When spiders moved from the water to the land in the Early Devonian period, they started making silk to protect their bodies and their eggs. Spiders gradually started using silk for hunting purposes, first as guide lines and signal lines, then as ground or bush webs, and eventually as the aerial webs that are familiar today.
Spiders produce silk from their spinneret glands located at the tip of their abdomen. Each gland produces a thread for a special purpose – for example a trailed safety line, sticky silk for trapping prey or fine silk for wrapping it. Spiders use different gland types to produce different silks, and some spiders are capable of producing up to 8 different silks during their lifetime.
Most spiders have three pairs of spinnerets, each having its own function – there are also spiders with just one pair and others with as many as four pairs.
Webs allow a spider to catch prey without having to expend energy by running it down. 
Thus it is an efficient method of gathering food. However, constructing the web is in itself an energetically costly process because of the large amount of protein required, in the form of silk. In addition, after a time the silk will lose its stickiness and thus become inefficient at capturing prey. It is common for spiders to eat their own web daily to recoup some of the energy used in spinning. The silk proteins are thus recycled.
The tensile strength of spider silk is greater than the same weight of steel and has much greater elasticity. Its microstructure is under investigation for potential applications in industry, including bullet-proof vests and artificial tendons. Researchers have used genetically modified mammals to produce the proteins needed to make this material.
Types of spider webs.
There are a few types of spider webs found in the wild, and many spiders are classified by the webs they weave. Different types of spider webs include:
Several different types of silk may be used in web construction, including a "sticky" capture silk and "fluffy" capture silk, depending on the type of spider. Webs may be in a vertical plane (most orb webs), a horizontal plane (sheet webs), or at any angle in between. It is hypothesized that these types of aerial webs co-evolved with the evolution of winged insects. As insects are spiders' main prey, it is likely that they would impose strong selectional forces on the foraging behavior of spiders. Most commonly found in the sheet-web spider families, some webs will have loose, irregular tangles of silk above them. These tangled obstacle courses serve to disorient and knock down flying insects, making them more vulnerable to being trapped on the web below. They may also help to protect the spider from predators such as birds and wasps.
Orb web construction.
During the process of making an orb web, the spider will use its own body for measurements.
Many webs span gaps between objects which the spider could not cross by crawling. This is done by first producing a fine adhesive thread to drift on a faint breeze across a gap. When it sticks to a surface at the far end, the spider feels the change in the vibration. The spider reels in and tightens the first strand, then carefully walks along it and strengthens it with a second thread. This process is repeated until the thread is strong enough to support the rest of the web.
After strengthening the first thread, the spider continues to make a Y-shaped netting. The first three radials of the web are now constructed. More radials are added, making sure that the distance between each radial and the next is small enough to cross. This means that the number of radials in a web directly depends on the size of the spider plus the size of the web. It is common for a web to be about 20 times the size of the spider building it.
After the radials are complete, the spider fortifies the center of the web with about five circular threads. It makes a spiral of non-sticky, widely spaced threads to enable it to move easily around its own web during construction, working from the inside, outward. Then, beginning from the outside and moving inward, the spider methodically replaces this spiral with a more closely spaced one made of adhesive threads. It uses the initial radiating lines as well as the non-sticky spirals as guide lines. The spaces between each spiral and the next are directly proportional to the distance from the tip of its back legs to its spinners. This is one way the spider uses its own body as a measuring/spacing device. While the sticky spirals are formed, the non-adhesive spirals are removed as there is no need for them any more. 
After the spider has completed its web, it chews off the initial three center spiral threads then sits and waits. If the web is broken without any structural damage during the construction, the spider does not make any initial attempts to rectify the problem.
The spider, after spinning its web, then waits on or near the web for a prey animal to become trapped. The spider senses the impact and struggle of a prey animal by vibrations transmitted through the web. A spider positioned in the middle of the web makes for a highly visible prey for birds and other predators, even without web decorations; many day-hunting orb-web spinners reduce this risk by hiding at the edge of the web with one foot on a signal line from the hub or by appearing to be inedible or unappetizing.
Spiders do not usually adhere to their own webs, because they are able to spin both sticky and non-sticky types of silk, and are careful to travel across only non-sticky portions of the web. However, they are not immune to their own glue. Some of the strands of the web are sticky, and others are not. For example, if a spider has chosen to wait along the outer edges of its web, it may spin a non-sticky prey or signal line to the web hub to monitor web movement.
Uses.
Some species of spider do not use webs for capturing prey directly, instead pouncing from concealment (e.g. trapdoor spiders) or running them down in open chase (e.g. wolf spiders). The net-casting spider balances the two methods of running and web spinning in its feeding habits. This spider weaves a small net which it attaches to its front legs. It then lurks in wait for potential prey and, when such prey arrives, lunges forward to wrap its victim in the net, bite and paralyze it. Hence, this spider expends less energy catching prey than a primitive hunter such as the wolf spider. It also avoids the energy loss of weaving a large orb web.
Some spiders manage to use the signaling-snare technique of a web without spinning a web at all. Several types of water-dwelling spiders rest their feet on the water's surface in much the same manner as an orb-web user. When an insect falls onto the water and is ensnared by surface tension, the spider can detect the vibrations and run out to capture the prey.
Cobweb paintings, which began during the 16th century in a remote valley of the Austrian Tyrolean Alps, were created on fabrics consisting of layered and wound cobwebs, stretched over cardboard to make a mat, and strengthened by brushing with milk diluted in water. A small brush was then used to apply watercolor to the cobwebs, or custom tools to create engravings. Fewer than a hundred cobweb paintings survive today, most of which are held in private collections.
In traditional European medicine, cobwebs are used on wounds and cuts and seem to help healing and reduce bleeding. Spider webs are rich in vitamin K, which can be effective in clotting blood. Webs were used several hundred years ago as gauze pads to stop an injured person's bleeding.
Adhesive properties.
The stickiness of spiders' webs is courtesy of droplets of glue suspended on the silk threads. This glue is multifunctional – that is, its behavior depends on how quickly something touching it attempts to withdraw. At high velocities, they function as an elastic solid, resembling rubber; at lower velocities, they simply act as a sticky glue. This allows them to retain a grip on attached food particles. The web is also electrically conductive which causes the silk threads to spring out to trap their quarry, as flying insects tend gain a static charge which attracts the silk.
Communal spider webs.
Occasionally, a group of spiders may build webs together in the same area. One such web, reported in 2007 at Lake Tawakoni State Park in Texas, measured across. Entomologists believe it may be the result of social cobweb spiders or of spiders building webs to spread out from one another. There is no consensus on how common this occurrence is.
Outside influences.
Administering certain drugs to spiders affects the structure of the webs they build. It has been proposed by some that this could be used as a method of documenting and measuring the toxicity of various substances.
Low gravity.
It has been observed that being in Earth's orbit has an effect on the structure of spider webs in space.
Spider webs were spun in low earth orbit in 1973 aboard Skylab, involving two female European garden spiders (cross spiders) called Arabella and Anita, as part of an experiment on the Skylab 3 mission. The aim of the experiment was to test whether the two spiders would spin webs in space, and, if so, whether these webs would be the same as those that spiders produced on Earth. The experiment was a student project of Judy Miles of Lexington, Massachusetts.
After the launch on July 28, 1973, and entering Skylab, the spiders were released by astronaut Owen Garriott into a box that resembled a window frame. The spiders proceeded to construct their web while a camera took photographs and examined the spiders' behavior in a zero-gravity environment. Both spiders took a long time to adapt to their weightless existence. However, after a day, Arabella spun the first web in the experimental cage, although it was initially incomplete.
The web was completed the following day. The crew members were prompted to expand the initial protocol. They fed and watered the spiders, giving them a house fly. The first web was removed on August 13 to allow the spider to construct a second web. At first, the spider failed to construct a new web. When given more water, it built a second web. This time, it was more elaborate than the first. Both spiders died during the mission, possibly from dehydration.
When scientists were given the opportunity to study the webs, they discovered that the space webs were finer than normal Earth webs, and although the patterns of the web were not totally dissimilar, variations were spotted, and there was a definite difference in the characteristics of the web. Additionally, while the webs were finer overall, the space web had variations in thickness in places: some places were slightly thinner, and others slightly thicker. This was unusual, because Earth webs have been observed to have uniform thickness.
In popular culture.
Spider webs play a crucial role in the children's novel "Charlotte's Web". Webs are also featured in many other cultural depictions of spiders.
Artificial Spider webs are used by the superhero Spider-Man as a method of quick transportation.

</doc>
<doc id="19048984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048984" title="Arlington (CDP), Vermont">
Arlington (CDP), Vermont

Arlington is a census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Arlington, Bennington County, Vermont, United States. The population was 1,199 at the 2000 census.
In 1989, the Arlington Village Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The district covers an area of and includes 190 contributing buildings and sites in the village center. In addition to historical and architectural significance, the district is also noted for being the place where composer Carl Ruggles spent the later years of his life. The buildings in the district provide examples of Colonial Revival, Greek Revival, and Federal styles. The St. James Episcopal Church (1829–30), the second oldest Gothic Revival church in Vermont, is located in Arlington Village. In the early 20th century, the village was an important industrial center with several mills and factories.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of 3.7 mi² (9.6 km²), all land.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,199 people, 516 households, and 327 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 125.5/km² (324.6/mi²). There were 599 housing units at an average density of 62.7/km² (162.2/mi²). The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.25% White, 0.50% Black, 0.08% Native American, 0.67% Asian, 0.17% Pacific Islander, 0.08% from other races, and 1.25% from two or more races. Hispanic of any race were 0.25% of the population.
There were 516 households out of which 26.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were married couples living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.6% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals and 15.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.92.
In the CDP the population was spread out with 22.4% under the age of 18, 7.3% from 18 to 24, 26.5% from 25 to 44, 26.7% from 45 to 64, and 17.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 87.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.5 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $32,321, and the median income for a family was $41,607. Males had a median income of $26,731 versus $20,000 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $20,357. About 9.4% of families and 8.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.6% of those under age 18 and 6.5% of those age 65 or over.

</doc>
<doc id="19048987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048987" title="Niedobczyce">
Niedobczyce

Niedobczyce is a district of the southern Polish city of Rybnik, Silesian Voivodeship. Between 1955 and 1975, it was a separate town. With population of 15,000, it is second biggest district of Rybnik. Among famous inhabitants, there is Damian Zimon, bishop of the Roman-Catholic diocese of Katowice, who was born there in 1934. In Niedobczyce there is a sports club, Rymer Niedobczyce, which in late 1940s played for a year in the Ekstraklasa. 

</doc>
<doc id="19048993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048993" title="Board Up the House Remixes Volume 1">
Board Up the House Remixes Volume 1

Board Up The House Remixes Volume 1 is the first album in the Board Up The House Remixes series. It was released by Temporary Residence Limited on September 23, 2008. However, those ordered directly from the label were shipped out approximately one month earlier. 
Packaged in a jacket featuring "remixed" album art by Jon Beasley, this release was limited to 1,000 copies on silver/orange splatter vinyl. There is no CD version.

</doc>
<doc id="19048997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19048997" title="Dan Donovan (guitarist)">
Dan Donovan (guitarist)

Dan Donovan is a British singer, songwriter, and guitar player. Born in 1960 to a Welsh preacher, he produces music which uses metaphor extensively to draw on spiritual themes.
Career.
His music career began with a band called Back to Jordan which only recorded one EP. Then he founded the band Tribe of Dan, described on the King Kool website as "cult greb goth outfit" and elsewhere as "swamp rock". The band split after recording only one studio album, and their US label folded shortly after their first release. Following this event he released albums independently, and his sound shifted toward an acoustic feel.
Recently he has been involved with several small bands. He is currently with an outfit called "King Kool", described as baseless blues - the band features Donovan and a drummer, but no bassist. The original drummer was Matt Middleton, who had worked with Donovan in several bands, including Tribe of Dan.

</doc>
<doc id="19049004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049004" title="Stump-jump plough">
Stump-jump plough

The problem.
Mallee scrub originally covered large parts of southern Australia, and when farmers moved into these areas they found it peculiarly difficult to clear the land. After the trees were cut down, the roots energetically produced regrowth. These young shoots and the old roots could be killed by repeated burning (see below), but the large roots remained in the ground, making it impossible to plough the soil. Grubbing the roots out was a slow and labour-intensive activity, and the problem was seriously hindering agricultural expansion.
In South Australia, land was being offered under the "Scrub Act" of 1866 to farmers on lease, with the option of purchasing after 21 years at the price of £1 per acre. However, grubbing the scrublands was proving costly, at approximately £2 per acre, and solutions to the problem were desperately sought.
Solutions.
The situation had grown so frustrating by 1878 that the South Australian government offered a reward of £200 to anyone who could develop an effective mechanical stump puller; although myriad devices were developed, none proved to be a breakthrough success. Many of these machines were trialled in contests near Gawler in the same year, but none were as effective as three skilled axemen.
Pending the development of an effective machine, a technique known as mullenizing (after a farmer from Wasleys named Charles Mullens) became popular as a means of clearing the scrub. Mullenizing involved dragging a heavy roller over roughly cleared ground to crush young shoots; the field was then burnt, and a spiked log was run over the ground, and a crop of wheat sown. The next season, the stubble and any mallee regrowth was again burnt, and eventually the mallee died, though stumps remained underground.
Breakthrough.
In 1876 a special plough was invented by agricultural machinery apprentice Richard Bowyer Smith, and later developed and perfected by his brother, Clarence Herbert Smith, on the Yorke Peninsula (where the problem was particularly acute). The plough consisted of any number of hinged shares: when the blade encountered an underground obstacle like a mallee stump, it would rise out of the ground. Attached weights forced the blade back into the ground after the root was passed, allowing as much of the ground to be furrowed as possible. Although a little unorthodox, the plough in action appearing "like a ship in a storm", it proved remarkably effective, and was dubbed the "stump-jump" plough.
The invention was hailed as a "complete revolution" and, in combination with the process of mullenizing, was adopted almost universally across the mallee lands, even proving as useful in stony ground as it was in mallee country.

</doc>
<doc id="19049012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049012" title="QEH">
QEH

QEH may be an abbreviation for:

</doc>
<doc id="19049020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049020" title="List of world expositions">
List of world expositions

List of world expositions is an annotated list of every world exposition sanctioned by the Bureau of International Expositions (BIE), including those recognised retrospectively.
The designation "World Exposition" or "Expo" refers to a class of the largest, general scope exhibitions of 3 to 6 months' duration. 
This list does not include BIE recognized International Horticultural Exhibitions. For other major international exhibitions, in addition to those endorsed by the BIE, see the comprehensive list at List of world's fairs.

</doc>
<doc id="19049028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049028" title="Highest mountain peaks of Canada">
Highest mountain peaks of Canada

The following sortable table lists the 100 highest major mountain peaks of Canada.
Topographic elevation is the vertical distance above the reference geoid, a precise mathematical model of the Earth's sea level as an equipotential gravitational surface. Topographic prominence is the elevation difference between the summit and the highest or key col to a higher summit. Topographic isolation is the minimum great circle distance to a point of higher elevation.
This article defines a significant summit as a summit with at least 100 metres (328.1 feet) of topographic prominence, and a major summit as a summit with at least 500 metres (1640.4 feet) of topographic prominence. An ultra-prominent summit is a summit with at least 1500 metres (4921.3 feet) of topographic prominence. There are 142 ultra-prominent summits in Canada.
Of these 100 highest major summits, 71 are located in British Columbia, 23 in Yukon, 10 in Alberta, and one each in the Northwest Territories and Nunavut. Three of these summits lie on the border between Alberta and British Columbia and three lie between British Columbia and Yukon. Five of these summits lie on the international border between Yukon and Alaska and two lie between British Columbia and Alaska.
The first 19 of these summits each have at least of topographic elevation and at least of topographic prominence.

</doc>
<doc id="19049033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049033" title="Ogasawara High School">
Ogasawara High School

The school is the sole public high school in the Bonin Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="19049034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049034" title="Pugwash Junction">
Pugwash Junction

Pugwash Junction is a Canadian rural community in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia.
The community was established in 1887 after the Oxford & New Glasgow Railway built its line along the north shore of Nova Scotia from the Intercolonial Railway (ICR) at Oxford Junction to Pictou. The short connecting line to Pugwash from the Oxford & New Glasgow was constructed between 1882-1890, first as part of the European & North American Railway project, and later by the Great American & European Short Line Railway Co. before being reorganized as the O&NG.
The ICR took over the O&NG in the early 1890s and in later years it was operated as CN Rail's Oxford Subdivision, with the line from Pugwash Junction to Pugwash being the Pugwash Spur.
The community is the birthplace of famous American industrialist Cyrus Eaton.

</doc>
<doc id="19049041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049041" title="Health marketing">
Health marketing

Health marketing is a new approach to public health that applies traditional marketing principles and theories alongside science-based strategies to prevention, health promotion and health protection. Health marketing is one of the ways through which advancements in medicine and in health-protecting services like insurance are made widely known.
A good example is the current drive in Kenya to promote circumcision among communities that do not customarily circumcise. Medical researchers have recently documented that circumcision is 65% effective in preventing HIV infection among men.
The marketing strategy would follow the traditional 4 "P's" of marketing namely:
"Health marketing" is a term rarely used in public health and related disciplines. "Social marketing" or "integrated marketing communication" are more commonly used in public health and other disciplines to refer to marketing-based planning frameworks for public health communication. 

</doc>
<doc id="19049042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049042" title="Jordon Mutch">
Jordon Mutch

Jordon James Edward Sydney Mutch (born 2 December 1991) is an English footballer who plays for Premier League club Cardiff City. He plays as a midfielder.
Mutch joined Birmingham City in 2007 from Derby County's youth system. He made his competitive debut for the club in the League Cup in August 2008, and his first appearance in the Football League while on loan to Hereford United the following year. He also spent loan spells in the Championship with Doncaster Rovers and Watford, and became a first-team regular for Birmingham, before leaving for Cardiff City in 2012. He has represented his country at levels from under-17 to under-21.
Club career.
Early career.
Mutch, from Alvaston, Derby, began his football career in Derby County's youth system, where he spent five years working under Academy director Terry Westley. In the summer of 2007, Mutch decided to leave Derby, choosing to rejoin Westley, by then Academy director at Birmingham City, despite competition from clubs including Liverpool and Aston Villa. Because of the player's youth, no transfer fee was payable, but a compensation package was agreed with Derby for his services.
While still a schoolboy, aged 15 years 298 days, Mutch was selected in the 16-man squad for Birmingham's League Cup third-round match against Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park in September 2007. The Premier League confirmed that match rules permitted selection of a player of that age, but changed their minds only hours before the match after becoming aware of the Football Association's Child Protection regulations which specified a minimum age of 16 for players in open-age football. Reserve player David Howland, who was not registered with a Premier League squad number, had to travel to Blackburn at the last minute with special dispensation to take Mutch's place on the bench wearing an unnumbered shirt.</ref>
Birmingham City.
Mutch was named on the bench for the January 2008 third-round FA Cup tie at Huddersfield Town, aged 16 years 34 days. Had he entered the game he would have broken Trevor Francis's record as the youngest player to make a competitive first-team appearance for the club; however the team struggled and manager Alex McLeish felt unable to give him his debut.
During the 2007–08 season Mutch made more appearances for the reserve team than any other outfield player, as well as playing 14 games for the under-18 side, and was voted Academy Player of the Season. He was in the starting eleven for the Birmingham Senior Cup 5–0 victory over Burton Albion; though nominally a reserve team several first-team players were included.
Mutch finally made his first-team debut as a half-time replacement for Gary McSheffrey in the second-round League Cup defeat at Southampton on 26 August 2008, thus becoming, at 16 years 268 days, Birmingham's second-youngest debutant of all time, after Trevor Francis.
In October 2008, Mutch was ordered to take a period of complete rest because his rapid rate of growth had placed excessive strain on the growth plates in his legs. Rest and surgery corrected the problem, which had caused fractures in both feet, and Mutch accepted the offer of a first professional contract in April 2009.
Mutch joined Hereford United of League Two on 26 November 2009 on a Football League Youth Loan, an arrangement which allowed the player to appear for Birmingham's reserve and youth teams on days when Hereford have no fixture. The loan ran until 2 January 2010. He went straight into the starting eleven for Hereford's second round FA Cup match, at home to Colchester United two days later, and played the whole of the game, which Hereford lost to a stoppage-time goal. Mutch made his debut in the Football League on 1 December, in a 3–1 win away against Northampton Town; his free-kick was parried by Northampton's goalkeeper to set up a goal for Mathieu Manset.
On 25 January 2010, Mutch joined Doncaster Rovers of the Championship, also on a month's Football League youth loan. He made his debut the next day as a second-half substitute in the 4–1 home defeat against Middlesbrough; he scored from a "stunning 25-yard shot" to give his new club a consolation. The loan was eventually extended to the end of the season.</ref>
After being given a first-team squad number by Birmingham for the 2010–11 season, Mutch joined Championship club Watford on a month's Football League youth loan, later extended until January 2011. Though Watford manager Malky Mackay was keen for Mutch to remain with the club, he was recalled to Birmingham in January, having scored five goals from 23 League matches.
Mutch's first start came in "an experimental Birmingham line-up" in the third-round FA Cup-tie at Millwall;he played the full 90 minutes in a 4–1 win. He made his Premier League debut on 22 January 2011, replacing the rested Craig Gardner ahead of the League Cup semi-final second leg, and again played the whole match as Birmingham lost 5–0 at Manchester United. His England under-20 debut came in February, in a friendly defeat to their French counterparts. A few days later, he signed a three-year extension to his contract, which had been due to expire at the end of the season. His second Premier League match, at Everton in March, was eventful. With Gardner, Barry Ferguson and Keith Fahey all injured, Mutch started the game in central midfield. After 17 minutes, Jean Beausejour opened the scoring with a header from Mutch's lofted cross. When referee Peter Walton attempted to caution the player for a foul on Louis Saha, he found himself without yellow cards, so showed the player an imaginary card instead. Near the end of the game, Mutch threw his body in the way of a Saha shot to prevent Everton taking the lead.
The departure of Gardner, Ferguson, Lee Bowyer and Sebastian Larsson before the 2011–12 season left places available in midfield. Mutch started all four pre-season games, playing alongside one or two of Fahey, Morgaro Gomis and Míchel. New manager Chris Hughton complimented his performances, and suggested he was using those games to establish Mutch's best position: "With Jordon, I think it's determining exactly what player he is. Because of his range of passing he can play a little bit deeper but I think he likes to break forward". He started the first league game of the season, away to Derby County, and took the corner that led to Curtis Davies opening the scoring, but Birmingham went on to lose 2–1. He played once more before sustaining a broken ankle in training that was to keep him out for four months. Though he regained fitness and established himself in midfield, his form suffered and he received a three-match ban after being sent off against Coventry City in March 2012. Hughton described Mutch's first senior goal for Birmingham as a pivotal moment in the league match at Burnley on 3 April; he scored just a minute after Burnley's equaliser when it appeared that their momentum might give them control of the match. His second goal a few days later, a left-footed shot from , opened the scoring in a 3–3 draw against promotion rivals West Ham United, and helped Birmingham qualify for the play-offs, but they lost to Blackpool in the semifinal.
Cardiff City.
On 22 June 2012, with the club managerless, under a transfer embargo, and in financial difficulties, Birmingham sold Mutch to Cardiff City for an undisclosed fee, believed by the "Birmingham Mail" to be in excess of £1m. He signed a three-year contract with the Championship club, where he was reunited with manager Malky Mackay, whom he had impressed while on loan at Watford. He made his debut as a second-half substitute, replacing Joe Mason, in the 2–1 defeat at Northampton Town in the League Cup on 14 August. Mutch was off the field when Northampton scored their winning goal, having fallen foul of the new rule that protective tape had to be the same colour as the socks. He started the first league game of the season, against Huddersfield Town. In mid-September, Mutch suffered a nerve problem in his foot which kept him out for the next two months; he appeared in a development team match on 20 November, and made his first-team comeback against Barnsley four days later.</ref> He played regularly until the new year, when the foot problems resurfaced, and he missed a further three months of the season. Mutch started each of Cardiff's final eight league fixtures as they won the divisional title and promotion to the Premier League.
In the 92nd minute of their visit to Fulham on 28 September 2013, Cardiff secured their first top-flight away win since they played the same club in November 1961, courtesy of substitute Mutch, who "swivelled to hit a brilliant 25-yard strike into the top corner".
International career.
He made his debut for the England under-17 team in July 2007, aged only fifteen-and-a-half, against their Icelandic counterparts.
Called into the England under-19 squad as a late replacement for Tottenham Hotspur's Dean Parrett, Mutch made his debut on 2 March 2010 as a half-time substitute in a friendly against the Netherlands under-19s which finished as a 1–1 draw.</ref>
Not included in the England under-21 squad originally selected for two friendlies in March 2011, Mutch was called up as a late replacement for the second match after several players were released to their clubs. He made his debut as an 83rd-minute substitute as England lost 2–1 to their Iceland counterparts.
Honours.
Birmingham City reserve team
Cardiff City

</doc>
<doc id="19049044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049044" title="Rapal">
Rapal

Rapal is a BBC Alba music television programme and radio show on BBC Radio nan Gàidheal. "Rapal" broadcast its first programme on the radio on 28 May 2001, presented by Niall Iain McDonald. "Rapal" expanded to TV in 2007, and added Anndra Robasdan and Michelle NicDhomhnaill to the presenting team. In 2007, "Rapal" launched a contest for the best new Gaelic song and in 2008, "Rapal" was added to the roster of programs to be broadcast on the new Gaelic Digital TV channel, BBC Alba.

</doc>
<doc id="19049048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049048" title="Cranberry Wilderness">
Cranberry Wilderness

The Cranberry Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness area in the Monongahela National Forest of southeast West Virginia, USA. Its name derives from the nearby Cranberry Glades as well as from the Cranberry River and Cranberry Mountain. In addition to being wilderness, it is a designated black bear sanctuary.
Geography.
The Cranberry Wilderness is located mostly in Pocahontas County, with a small portion in Webster County. The Wilderness is drained by the Williams River and the Cranberry River, both of which are tributaries of the Gauley River, which in turn unites with the New River to form the Kanawha, a tributary of the Ohio. The area just to the east of the Cranberry Wilderness is drained by tributaries of the Greenbrier River which flows into the New.
The Wilderness is located in the Yew Mountains, which are part of the Allegheny Mountains. The highest point in the Wilderness is along Black Mountain at , although there is a slightly higher point at just outside of the Wilderness. The lowest elevation in the Wilderness is at along the Williams River at Three Forks of Williams River, where it exits the Wilderness.
History.
Counterculture events.
The national Rainbow Gathering has been held twice at the Cranberry Wilderness — in 1980 and in 2005.
2009 addition.
The Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 added of adjacent land to the Cranberry Wilderness. This area, which was previously known as the Cranberry Backcountry, is located between the Williams River and the Cranberry River. It protects several tributaries of both the Williams and Cranberry Rivers which are popular trout streams. The area already has an excellent trail system connected to the original wilderness.

</doc>
<doc id="19049054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049054" title="Georgia State Route 196">
Georgia State Route 196

State Route 196 (SR 196) is a state highway in the east-central part of the U.S. state of Georgia. Its routing is located within portions of Tattnall, Long, and Liberty counties. It connects the Glennville and Hinesville areas.
Route description.
SR 196 begins at an intersection with US 23/US 301/SR 23/SR 57 southwest of Glennville. The highway heads southeast and enters Long County. SR 196 heads eastward, traveling through rural areas of the county, before gradually heading southeast once again. Just after entering Liberty County, it makes a beeline to the southeast and turns to the northeast until it enters Hinesville. Just after it enters town, it meets SR 119 and runs concurrent with SR 119 into Hinesville, where it departs to the northwest, to enter Fort Stewart. In the main part of the town, the highway intersects US 84/SR 38. Those two highways run concurrenct with SR 196 northeast to Flemington, and heads to the southeast for about , until SR 196 departs to the northeast. It continues heading northeast until it meets its eastern terminus, an intersection with US 17/SR 25 southwest of Richmond Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="19049061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049061" title="Rebecca Parchment">
Rebecca Parchment

Rebecca Parchment is a beauty queen who represented the Cayman Islands in Miss Universe 2008 and Miss World 2007.
Early life.
Parchment graduated from the University of Central Florida with a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and also majored in Marketing.
Pageants.
Parchment is the only delegate who participated at both Miss World 2007 and Miss Universe 2008, and is one of the oldest contestants who took part in both competitions.
Parchment sang and helped assist Mandla Mandela and a children's choir from South Africa on World AIDS Day during the Miss World 2007 pageant won by Zhang Zilin.
In August 2008 she passed on her Miss Cayman Islands crown to Nicosia Lawson.

</doc>
<doc id="19049068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049068" title="Gatsibo District">
Gatsibo District

Gatsibo is a district ("akarere") in Eastern Province, Rwanda. Its capital is Kabarore.
Geography.
The district comprises areas in the north-east of Rwanda, between Kayonza and Nyagatare. The German post of Gatsibo was located here, as is the present-day Gabiro military camp. The eastern part of the district is in Akagera National Park, with the Kagera River forming the border with Tanzania.
Sectors.
Gatsibo district is divided into 14 sectors ("imirenge"): Gasange, Gatsibo, Gitoki, Kabarore, Kageyo, Kiramuruzi, Kiziguro, Muhura, Murambi, Ngarama, Nyagihanga, Remera, Rugarama and Rwimbogo.

</doc>
<doc id="19049070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049070" title="Florinus of Remüs">
Florinus of Remüs

Florinus of Remüs (died 856 AD), also known as "Florin, Florian of Chur, Florinus of Matsch, and Florinus of Vinschgau", is venerated as a saint in the Catholic Church, particularly in the dioceses of Chur, Bolzano-Brixen, Vaduz, and in the Rhineland. 
Little is known of his life, as there is no early "vita". Florinus may have been the son of an Anglo-Saxon man and Jewish woman, a convert to Christianity, who had settled at Matsch (Mazia) in the Vinschgau Valley on their way back from a pilgrimage to Rome.
Florinus received his education from a priest at Unterengadin, where he was also ordained. He then worked as a priest at Remüs (Ramosch). 
Miracles are attributed to him, including the turning of water into wine. After his death, numerous miracles were said to have taken place at his tomb in the parish church of Remüs.
Veneration.
He is called a confessor of the faith rather than a martyr. After his death, the popularity of his cult increased, and his relics were distributed to various places, including the "Florinskirche" at Koblenz (in 950 AD) and also Regensburg. Vaduz Cathedral and the parish church at Matsch (Mazia) are also dedicated to him. He is depicted in a stained-glass window in the cathedral at Chur. 

</doc>
<doc id="19049072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049072" title="Madame de Sade">
Madame de Sade

Madame de Sade is a 1965 play written by Yukio Mishima. It was first published in English, translated by Donald Keene by Grove Press and is currently out of print.
In March 2009 London's the Donmar Warehouse staged a production at Wyndhams Theatre directed by Michael Grandage. It starred Rosamund Pike (in the title role) and Judi Dench as her mother, Madame De Montreuil. Frances Barber, Deborah Findlay, Jenny Galloway and Fiona Button co-starred.
Judi Dench was forced to miss several performances after she tripped over the stage-doors and severely sprained her ankle and thus her understudy, Marjorie Hayward, took over the role. When Dench did return four days after the injury, she performed with a walking stick.
Summary
Madame de Sade is a historical fiction play written by Mishima Yukio and published in 1965. The play is based on the life of the Renée de Sade, the wife of the notorious Marquis de Sade. It details the struggles of Renée, her family, and acquaintances during the Marquis various periods of incarceration. All the onstage characters are female. After reading about Marquis and Madame de Sade Mishima questioned why Renée waited until the Marquis was finally let out of prison to leave him. 
Character List.
RENEE, 
 the Marquise de Sade
MADAME DE MONTREUIL,
 Renée's Mother
ANNE,
 Renée's younger sister
BARONESSE DE SIMIANE
COMTESSE DE SAINT-FOND
CHARLOTTE,
 Madame de Montreuil's housekeeper
Characters
 According to Mishima, every character is symbolic of some form of human nature, thus the play functions as an allegory. He describes them as follows. Madame de Sade (Renée) represents wifely devotion; Madame de Montreuil is law, society, and morality, Anne (Renée's younger sister) shows feminine guilelessness and lack of principles; Madame de Simaine for religion; Madame de Saint-Fond for carnal desires, and Charlotte (the house keeper) for the common people.(pg. 107 “Author's Postface” Madame de Sade)
Plot.
Act one.
The first act takes place at the salon in Paris, France at Madame de Montreuil's house, in Autumn of 1772. In this act we are introduced to all the characters and are given a glimpse at their personalities. Act One is also the first and only act where all six characters appear on the stage, (Baronesse de Simiane is absent from Act Two, and Comtesse de Saint-Fond is absent from Act Three). The scene opens with Simiane and Saint-Fond waiting in the saloon after being summoned by Madame de Montreuil. We soon learn that Montreuil has asked them to her home for a favor. She asks them to use their influences to get her son-in-law, the Marquis de Sade out of prison. Both ladies pledge their help, Simiane using her influential contacts in the church and Saint-Fond her web of lovers and bed fellows. 
 Soon Renee arrives and we learn that the Marquis has escaped from prison and been on the run for a few months. After a brief discussion the Comtesse and Baronesse excuse themselves leaving Renee and her mother to discuss the matter of the Marquis. Renée begs her mother to save her husband from imprisonment and the pair get in an argument. Montreuil demands to know the location of the Marquis but Renee denies having any knowledge of his whereabouts. The argument ends when the stress takes its toll on Renee and she grows faint. 
 As Montreuil and Renee leave the stage Anne the sister and Charlotte the house keeper enter the scene. Anne appears to be expressing an unwillingness to see her sister to Charlotte right before her mother walks back on stage. Anne reveals that she has just returned from a trip to Venice, Italy with a friend she does not immediately name. Upon further probing by her mother she reveals her travelling companion to be none other than her brother-in-law the Marquis de Sade. Anne then proceeds to tell her mother that she was having an affair with the Marquis and that Renee knew of both the affair and the Marquis location. 
 After stumbling on the news of her son-in-law's infidelity with Anne Montreuil is outraged. After getting Anne to divulge the Marquis' location Montreuil immediately has Charlotte write three letters. The first two are to Comtesse de Saint-Fond and Baronesse de Simiane telling them to cease their endeavors on de Sade's behalf, the third letter is to the King of France. Montreuil prepares to have the letters delivered and Act One ends. 
Act Two.
 The second act takes place six years later in September of 1778. Anne and Renee meet onstage and Anne reveals she has a letter. After a light-hearted struggle between the sisters Renee wrestles the letter away from Anne. The letter announces that Marquis de Sade was retried, given a lesser sentence and is to be released from jail, Renee becomes ecstatic. The two women begin to discuss the rift which has developed over the past six years between Renée and their mother and how Renee now sees that her mother has begun helping de Sade once more. 
 The women then go to their mother and the three of them begin debating the true nature of the Marquis based on their understandings. When Renee begins expressing a desire to return home and prepare the Manor at La Coste for the arrival of her husband, Anne and Montreuil begin exchanging glances. Montreuil persuades Renee to stay with her awhile longer and Renee continues to praise her mother for helping free the Marquis. Montreuil tries to impress upon Renee the need behind behaving morally and in a socially acceptable manor. When Montreuil begins to denounce the Marquis de Sade, Renee and Anne jump to his defense and Anne recounts her trip to Venice. As the women continue to argue Charlotte enters the room and informs them that the Comtesse de Saint-Fond has come to pay a visit. Almost moments after her arrival is announced Saint - Fond enters the room. 
 The Comtesse Saint-Fond explains that she had a revelation and had to see Montreuil immediately to inform her. Saint-Fond begins to inform the ladies gathered onstage of her latest exploits into the world of the erotic and profane. She recently participated in a black mass and was used as the altar. During the mass she came to the conclusion that she was no different from the Marquis, "...I understood who Alfonse was." ... "Alfonse was myself."# When Montreuil and Anne begin to ridicule Saint-Fond the Comtesse asks Renée about the date of written on the announcement of Alphonse's release. Renee realizes that the date was a month and a half before her mother had informed her of the announcement. An argument breaks out between Renee, her mother, and Anne her sister with the Comtesse egging Renée on. As the argument progresses Anne asks Saint-Fond if she'd like to continue her walk, the pair leave together, leaving Renee and Montreuil to continue fighting. Renée's mother desperately begs her to leave the Marquis and Renee refuses. Montreuil informs Renée that she had a private investigator spy on the Marquis and Renee. The investigator saw Renée taking part in some of the Marquis erotic S&M activities and being abused. Renée denounces her mother, Montreuil tells her daughter that by staying with the Marquis de Sade will make her a pariah. Renée tells her mother that when things were good and Alphonse's status gave her family influence she was perfectly content with the marriage, but when Alphonse was in trouble and his reputation was no longer helping her family she denounced him. The more Renée denounces her mother the more upset, Montreuil is finally pushed over the edge. Montreuil, "Renée, I'll slap your face!" Renée, "Go ahead! But what would you do if I curled up with pleasure at being slapped?" Montreuil, "Ohh---when you say that, your face---"# Renée (takes a step forward) "Yes what about my face?" Montreuil (raises her voice) "---looks like Alphonse's. I'm afraid." Renee (laughs), "Madame de Saint-Fond had a word for it --- 'Alphonse is myself'!" And Act II ends.
Act Three.
By the end of the play everyone has given up something or made some sort of sacrifice. Madame de Sade plans to join a convent; Anne leaves her home and family and moves to Italy with her husband; Madame de Simaine has also joined a convent; Madame de Saint-Fond is trampled in a crowd who parades her dead body reverently through the streets; and Madame Montreuil is losing both her daughters (though perhaps not permanently) who are moving away. Charlotte is the only one who gains by the end, in that she has lost her meek and submissive demeanor.
Performance History.
Madame de Sade 's first performance was on November 14, 1965 at Kinokuniya Hall, Tokyo. It was directed by Takeo Matsuura and produced by the New Literature Theatre. Yatsuko Tannami played Renée; Yoshi Minami played Madam de Montreuil; Anne was played by Hideko Muramatsu; Baronesse de Simiane was played by Natsuko Kahara; Comtesse de Saint-Fond was played by Miki Masaki; and Charlotte was played by Junko Miyauchi.
Ingmar Bergman staged the play at the Royal Dramatic Theatre in 1989 with Stina Ekblad as the main character Renée, Marie Richardson as her sister and Anita Björk as their mother. The director made a TV-version of the setting in 1991.
In 2008 Madame de Sade was performed in France and received glowing praise from critics.
In April of 2009 Madame de Sade was performed at the Donmer West End in London and received mixed reviews from critics. Rosamund Pike played Renee; Judi Dench played Madame de Montreuil; and Frances Barber played Comtesse de Saint-Fond.

</doc>
<doc id="19049077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049077" title="Dartmoor reservoirs">
Dartmoor reservoirs

Over the course of the 19th and 20th centuries, several reservoirs and dams were built in the area now covered by Dartmoor National Park in Devon, England to supply drinking water to the rapidly growing towns in the surrounding lowlands. With its deep valleys and high rainfall, Dartmoor was an inevitable location. New reservoirs continued construction even after the establishment of the National Park in 1951.
Early schemes to use the moors as a source of drinking water involved the construction of water channels called leats. For example, Drake's Leat (completed 1591) took water to Plymouth and the Devonport Leat (1793) to the docks at Devonport. Rapid population growth of the seaside communities in the late 19th century and the birth of tourism required a significant improvement in quality and quantity of fresh water.
The first Dartmoor reservoir (Tottiford) opened in 1861 and heralded a busy era of dam construction which continued through to 1907, by which time the Dartmoor area was the site of five reservoirs. Three more were to follow during the course of the mid to late 20th century. A fourth, in the valley of the River Swincombe was rejected by the advisory committee of the County Council.
A few long-established Dartmoor farms had to be abandoned and disappeared under the water as a result. During years of drought, some ruins can once again become visible. At Fernworthy, for example, low water levels often reveal the remains of Fernworthy Farm and a small granite Clapper bridge which once crossed the South Teign River. At the Avon reservoir, hut circles are visible at very low water levels.

</doc>
<doc id="19049087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049087" title="Concentric">
Concentric

In geometry, two or more objects are said to be concentric, coaxal, or coaxial when they share the same center or axis. Circles, regular polygons and regular polyhedra, and spheres may be concentric to one another (sharing the same center point), as may cylinders (sharing the same central axis).
Geometric properties.
In the Euclidean plane, two circles that are concentric necessarily have different radii from each other.
However, circles in three-dimensional space may be concentric, and have the same radius as each other, but nevertheless be different circles. For example, two different meridians of a terrestrial globe are concentric with each other and with the globe of the earth (approximated as a sphere). More generally, every two great circles on a sphere are concentric with each other and with the sphere.
The region of the plane between two concentric circles is an annulus, and analogously the region of space between two concentric spheres is a spherical shell.
For a given point "c" in the plane, the set of all circles having "c" as their center forms a pencil of circles. Each two circles in the pencil are concentric, and have different radii. Every point in the plane, except for the shared center, belongs to exactly one of the circles in the pencil. Every two disjoint circles, and every hyperbolic pencil of circles, may be transformed into a set of concentric circles by a Möbius transformation.
Applications and examples.
The ripples formed by dropping a small object into still water naturally form an expanding system of concentric circles. Evenly spaced circles on the targets used in target archery or similar sports provide another familiar example of concentric circles.
Coaxial cable is a type of electrical cable in which the combined neutral and earth core completely surrounds the live core(s) in system of concentric cylindrical shells.
Johannes Kepler's "Mysterium Cosmographicum" envisioned a cosmological system formed by concentric regular polyhedra and spheres.

</doc>
<doc id="19049098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049098" title="Equipment of the Romanian Armed Forces">
Equipment of the Romanian Armed Forces

Land Forces.
Note: some of the land based equipment in this section is owned by the Air Force or Naval Forces, not the Land Forces.

</doc>
<doc id="19049100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049100" title="Aristolochia grandiflora">
Aristolochia grandiflora

Aristolochia grandiflora, or Pelican Flower, is a deciduous vine with one of the world's largest flowers that emits an odor that smells like rotting meat, which attracts flies. 
Description.
"Aristolochia grandiflora" produces large solitary flowers from cordiate leaf axils. Leaves can be up to 25 cm wide. Flowers are heart shaped: 10–20 cm wide and have tails that are up to 60 cm long. The flower is green/white with purple/brown veins. The center of the flower is darker colored, which attracts pollinators along with a distinctive odor to its reproductive elements. The flower has three sections, utricle, tube and limb, characteristic to all Aristolochiaceae.
Distribution.
The plant is native to the Caribbean and Central America, and has been introduced to Florida in the United States as an attractor of butterflies. It is found in tropical forests near streams and gullies.
Reproduction.
"A. grandiflora" is pollinated by breeding flies attracted by an odor produced from the flower. The odor is a combination of essential oils (geraniol ). Flies travel down the tubular part of the flower to the utricle where the reproductive organs are found. The tube is lined with trichomes that direct the fly down to the utricle and prevent the fly from moving out. The reproduction contains three main phases. The first phase, the fly carrying pollen from other flowers pollinates the carpel. During the second phase, the stamen mature releasing pollen on the fly. This phase lasts one day. While trapped inside the flower, the fly eats nectar produced along the walls of the utricle. The trichomes then are signaled to wither, allowing for the fly to escape. The entire reproductive process lasts two days before flower senescences and abscises in the third phase.
Uses.
"A. grandiflora" has been used for ornamental purposes, food source, and in traditional medicine. This species contains many different alkaloids (bisbenzylisoquinolinic and 8-benzylberberinic) which aid in chemical defenses against insects and plant microbes. "A. grandiflora" is a food source for swallowtail butterfly larvae. These butterflies become unpalatable to predators when they consume the terpenes in this plant. Pharmaceutical research is being done on these compounds for anti-inflammatory for arthritis, neuro-protective for Parkinson’s Disease, and antimycobacterial. Alkaloids from this species act as a disinfectants and have been used to cure snakebites. The entire plant of "A. grandiflora" contains compounds that repel snakes and deactivate snake venoms. Essential oils are found in the stems and roots (α-Phellandrene and linalool), in the leaves (germacrene D and γ-elemene) and in the stem and flower (trans-Nerolidol and geraniol). However, the use of this plant poses a risk, as it contains the toxin Aristolochic acid, which is carcinogenic. The USDA has banned all products containing this compound.
Other species.
Other species of "Aristolochia" are also called "pelican flowers"; e.g. "A. gigantea" (Giant Pelican Flower) and "A. nana" (Tiny Pelican Flower).

</doc>
<doc id="19049104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049104" title="Barloworld">
Barloworld

Barloworld may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19049108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049108" title="Fallicambarus">
Fallicambarus

Fallicambarus is a genus of crayfish in the family Cambaridae. It includes 19 species, of which five are on the IUCN Red List as vulnerable species (VU), two as endangered species (EN) and one as a critically endangered species (CR). Only "F. fodiens" is widespread, occurring over a large part of the Central United States, and extending into Ontario; the other species are all restricted to three states or fewer from Texas to Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19049114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049114" title="Viburnum sieboldii">
Viburnum sieboldii

Viburnum sieboldii (Siebold's viburnum) is a plant in the muskroot family, Adoxaceae. 
Description.
"Viburnum sieboldii" is a large shrub or small tree with opposite, simple leaves, on stout, brittle stems. The flowers are white, borne in spring.

</doc>
<doc id="19049117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049117" title="Richardson River">
Richardson River

The Richardson River is a waterway that flows into Richardson Bay, Coronation Gulf in the northern Canadian territory of Nunavut. Its mouth is situated northwest of Kugluktuk, Nunavut. The Rae River is away.
The Richardson River is named in honor of Sir John Richardson, a Scottish naval surgeon, naturalist and arctic explorer of the region.

</doc>
<doc id="19049119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049119" title="Lagaffe mérite des baffes">
Lagaffe mérite des baffes

Lagaffe mérite des baffes, written and drawn by Franquin, is the thirteenth album of the original "Gaston Lagaffe" series. It is made up of 46 strips previously published in Spirou.
Story.
In this album, a struggle between Longtarin and Lagaffe begins. This theme will also be the occasion of most of the gags in the next album.
Background.
The first page of the album deals with the R5 album case. Prunelle announces that any #5 album will never be published.

</doc>
<doc id="19049124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049124" title="Kuwait national futsal team">
Kuwait national futsal team

The Kuwait national futsal team represents Kuwait in international futsal competitions and is controlled by the Kuwait Football Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19049127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049127" title="Victoria Road (Sydney)">
Victoria Road (Sydney)

Victoria Road is a major road in Sydney, Australia.
Victoria Road connects Parramatta with the western end of Anzac Bridge. Victoria Road passes through the Sydney suburbs of Rydalmere, Ermington, West Ryde, Ryde, Gladesville, Drummoyne and Rozelle, and is currently one of the longest roads in Sydney. The road passes over two major bridges: the Iron Cove Bridge over Iron Cove, and the Gladesville Bridge over the Parramatta River.
The road has been notoriously dubbed as one of the most congested road in Sydney with an average travel speed of 24 km/h during the morning peak period and 31 km/h in the afternoon peak.
Victoria Road is predominantly 3 lanes in each direction between Rozelle and Gladesville, and 2 or 3 lanes in each direction west of Gladesville. A large number of bus routes travel along Victoria Road, and during peak hours much of the road includes a dedicated bus lane. In 2011, the "Inner West Busway" project introduced a tidal flow arrangement between Drummoyne and Rozelle which provides 4 city bound lanes (including 1 dedicated bus lane) and 2 west bound lanes in the morning peak, before reverting to 3 lanes in each direction at 10am.

</doc>
<doc id="19049136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049136" title="Eric Gast">
Eric Gast

Eric M. Gast (born 23 April 1968) is an American music industry professional - record producer, mixer, engineer, and recording studio designer - and founder and CEO of a nonprofit public health care charity. Gast was born in New Jersey and raised in New York City. He is cousin to documentary filmmaker Leon Gast.
Music Business career.
Gast was managed by Zomba Music Group from 1989–2000, working with artists such as A Tribe Called Quest, Billy Ocean, Kid Rock, Will Smith, Britney Spears, and Enuff Z'nuff.
Since 2000 he has been a freelance producer and engineer, expanding to broader musical styles such as jazz, gospel, and world music recordings. In these veins, Eric worked with artists such as James Moody, Jonathan Butler, Charlie Parker tribute album, John P. Kee, and Cissy Houston.
In 2003, he started FM For Music LLC, a production and management company. FM not only managed Gast, but also several other producers and engineers.
He has contracted and designed studios in Atlantic City, Florida, and Brussels.
He also has worked on numerous movie soundtracks over his career. After working with soundtrack projects in Eastern Europe, Eric opened label/media companies in the Czech Republic, Hungary, and Romania.
Charity.
Gast always wanted to give back to the communities in which he worked. As time progressed in his charity work, Eric decided to enlist the medical community and to expand his vision. He then started FM World Charities.

</doc>
<doc id="19049138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049138" title="Saranap, California">
Saranap, California

Saranap (until 1913, Dewing Park) is a residential census-designated place (CDP) within central Contra Costa County, California. Lying at an elevation of 180 feet (55 m), it is bounded on the south and east by portions of Walnut Creek (including the gated senior residential development Rossmoor) and on the north and west by Lafayette. Saranap's ZIP code is 94595, but is addressed "Walnut Creek, CA" for delivery purposes as this is the postal designated city name used by residents. The community is in telephone area code 925. Saranap's population is 5,202.
Saranap has had numerous opportunities to be annexed either part of Lafayette, or of Walnut Creek. These have been largely resisted by the occupants, whose land use is governed by county rules. These include the ability to keep small aviaries and bees, which can be highly restricted by law in surrounding cities, and in newer neighborhoods by restrictive covenants. As the local school district is independent of these city boundaries, and some of the cities impose additional parcel taxes, residents have little incentive to change the status quo. Only a minor addition was made to Lafayette from Saranap in recent decades, adding only one more street and being largely motivated by marginally superior housing values associated with the city of Lafayette.
Etymology.
The community's name comes from an early 20th-century inter-urban commuter rail system. The local station, located near the intersection of Tice Valley Boulevard and Olympic Way, was named after the railroad developer's mother, Sara Napthaly. This developer promoted the railroad to enhance the value of land developments, a process that led to a development pattern similar to a trolley car suburb, although in fact the railroad was a conventional regional rail line.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , all of it land.
Demographics.
The 2010 United States Census reported that Saranap had a population of 5,202. The population density was 4,583.6 people per square mile (1,769.7/km²). The racial makeup of Saranap was 4,275 (82.2%) White, 70 (1.3%) African American, 15 (0.3%) Native American, 451 (8.7%) Asian, 10 (0.2%) Pacific Islander, 113 (2.2%) from other races, and 268 (5.2%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 437 persons (8.4%).
The Census reported that 5,176 people (99.5% of the population) lived in households, 11 (0.2%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 15 (0.3%) were institutionalized.
There were 2,173 households, out of which 706 (32.5%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 1,097 (50.5%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 194 (8.9%) had a female householder with no husband present, 74 (3.4%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 95 (4.4%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 27 (1.2%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 634 households (29.2%) were made up of individuals and 189 (8.7%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38. There were 1,365 families (62.8% of all households); the average family size was 2.98.
The population was spread out with 1,192 people (22.9%) under the age of 18, 281 people (5.4%) aged 18 to 24, 1,367 people (26.3%) aged 25 to 44, 1,687 people (32.4%) aged 45 to 64, and 675 people (13.0%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41.9 years. For every 100 females there were 96.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.
There were 2,257 housing units at an average density of 1,988.7 per square mile (767.8/km²), of which 1,474 (67.8%) were owner-occupied, and 699 (32.2%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.9%; the rental vacancy rate was 4.1%. 3,764 people (72.4% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 1,412 people (27.1%) lived in rental housing units.

</doc>
<doc id="19049141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049141" title="Canterbury (ship)">
Canterbury (ship)

The Canterbury, or Canterbury Merchant, is the ship that transported William Penn and James Logan from England to Philadelphia in 1699. The "Canterbury" set sail from the Isle of Wight on September 3, 1699, reaching Philadelphia on December 3, 1699. The captain of the "Canterbury" is recorded as either "Henry Tregeny" or "Hen. Weagene". During the voyage the "Canterbury" reportedly survived an attack by pirates.
Passengers.
The passenger list, even if one was recorded, is not extant. Therefore, alternative sources have been used to reconstruct the list of passengers and crew.

</doc>
<doc id="19049145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049145" title="Joseph Lee Jayne">
Joseph Lee Jayne

Joseph Lee Jayne (May 30, 1863–November 24, 1928) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy, and a veteran of the Spanish-American War and World War I.
Biography.
Jayne was born in Brandon, Mississippi, the son of William McAfee Jayne and Julia Frances Kennon. He entered the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis in June 1878 as a cadet midshipman, and graduated in 1882.
He was promoted to ensign on 1 July 1884. He served in the Bureau of Equipment in Washington, D.C. as Assistant to the Inspector of Electric Lighting in 1893. He was promoted to lieutenant (junior grade) on 10 July 1894, and to lieutenant on 17 December 1897. He married Elizabeth Tilton Easton on 3 December 1894.
During the Spanish–American War, Jayne commissioned and commanded the torpedo boat in the naval blockade of Cuba.
Jayne was the Acting-Commandant of United States Naval Station Tutuila, and Military Governor of American Samoa, in October and November 1901.
From 16 October 1911 until 11 February 1914 he was the Superintendent of the United States Naval Observatory, serving with the rank of captain.
In December 1917 Jayne was promoted to rear admiral, and after the end of World War I, for his service as Commander of Division 3, Battleship Force 1, Atlantic Fleet, he was awarded the Navy Cross.
Rear Admiral Jayne died of apoplexy on 24 November 1928 at Newport, at the age of 65.

</doc>
<doc id="19049152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049152" title="Tokat Arif Nihat Asya Lisesi">
Tokat Arif Nihat Asya Lisesi

Tokat Arif Nihat Asya High School () is a high school in Tokat, Turkey. The school is named after the Turkish nationalist poet Arif Nihat Asya (1904-1975). Education is mainly in Turkish and English. The school covers an area of .
History.
The high school was founded in 2005 by Musa Günay, who became the first principal. After his leaving the school in winter 2006, Ayhan Kaymak took over the post. The current principal is Abdurrahman Yıldırım, who serves in this position since 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19049162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049162" title="Ron Terwilliger">
Ron Terwilliger

J. Ronald (Ron) Terwilliger (born September 1941) is the Chairman Emeritus and retired Chief Executive Officer of Trammell Crow Residential. He is primarily known for being the principal owner of the Atlanta Dream, a franchise of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
Background.
Terwilliger graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1963 with honors. After serving five years in the United States Navy, he attended Harvard University where he received his MBA with High Distinction from the Harvard Graduate School of Business, and was elected a Baker Scholar. Terwilliger has two children, both girls. He has two granddaughters and two grandsons, his first grandchild being born in 1998.
Career.
Since 1986, he has been the head of Trammell Crow Residential, the largest developer of multi-family housing in the United States. His tenure as Chief Executive officer at the company lasted from 1986 until 2008. At Crow Residential, Terwilliger is responsible for all residential development and operations conducted there, in 23 offices throughout the United States.
Chairs/Boards.
Ronald Terwilliger was elected as Chairman of the board at Enterprise Community Partners, Inc on June 23, 2010, succeeding Norman Rice. He has been a member of the Board of Trustees of Enterprise Community Partners since 2007, and as of 2010 serves as co-chair of the Enterprise Real Estate Leadership Council. Terwilliger is also the chairman emeritus of Trammell Crow Residential. He has also served as Chairman Emeritus for the Wharton Real Estate Center. Additionally, he also served as Chairman of Urban Land Institute where he currently serves on the Governance Committee, and as Chairman of the Atlanta Neighborhood Development Partnership. He has served as Vice Chairman on the International Board of Directors of Habitat for Humanity.
Terwilliger serves as a Director of the Naval Academy Foundation, Subcommittee Chairman of the Naval Academy Athletic Committee and served as Chairman of the National Association of Homebuilders Multifamily Leadership Board.
Awards.
Terwilliger received the Hearthstone Builder Humanity Award in 2006 for his commitment to housing related charities. In 2008, he was elected into the National Association of Homebuilder's Hall of Fame in recognition of his efforts to advance housing opportunities for all Americans. He also has received the ULI Atlanta Community Achievement Award and the ORT Award.
Philanthropy.
One of Terwilliger's philanthropic contributions includes his charitable efforts in the city of Atlanta together with Mayor Shirley Franklin. In 1998, he also was elected as the Head of the Urban Land Institute, a nonprofit research and education organization supported by its members, where he held his position as Chair until 2001. 
Terwilliger's largest philanthropic efforts have gone towards helping Habitat for Humanity International. He has served on the board of directors for Habitat for Humanity since October 2000, and appointed chair of the board in 2007, holding the highest-ranking volunteer position within the organization worldwide, and also the largest individual donor of all past and current board members, having cumulatively donated $3 million up to that point. In 2009, Terwilliger donated again to Habitat for Humanity, in the sum of $100 million, making it the largest donation from an individual in Habitat for Humanity's history. His donation went towards helping an estimated 60,000 low-income families around the world to improve their housing, and also towards establishing the J. Ronald Terwilliger Leveraged Impact Fund, which makes annual distributions to help support affordable-housing efforts.
As part of his charitable contribution towards the organization, he has travelled extensively with them to Asian Tsunami-affected areas in Thailand and Indonesia, and also to help with the hurricane damage in the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Sports.
Terwilliger describes himself as a "sports nut". He played baseball and basketball at the Naval Academy, and he currently serves a subcommittee chair of the Naval Academy's Athletic Committee. He has also owned the Atlanta Attack, a franchise of the Major Indoor Soccer League (2001–2008), bailing out after losses exceeded $1 million. Terwilliger also led an investment group that made a bid for ownership of the Atlanta Braves in 2006.
Terwilliger is primarily known for being the principal owner of the Atlanta Dream, a franchise of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).In 2007, Terwilliger was approached by a committee wanting to bring a WNBA franchise to Atlanta. Terwillinger began exploring the idea and in October 2007 in a press conference in Atlanta, WNBA President Donna Orender named Terwillinger the owner of the franchise that was to become the Atlanta Dream.
Terwilliger paid $1 million upfront for the Dream. He will pay another $1 million between 2009 and 2012 and pay $8 million in annual installments beginning in 2012.
Since his investment in the WNBA, the city of Atlanta has had the highest TV ratings for WNBA games over the last few seasons, according to its president, Donna Orender.

</doc>
<doc id="19049163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049163" title="Alvor">
Alvor

Alvor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19049168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049168" title="The Red Meadows">
The Red Meadows

The Red Meadows () is a 1945 Danish war drama directed by Bodil Ipsen and Lau Lauritzen Jr. The film, starring Poul Reichhardt and Lisbeth Movin, is a suspense tale revolving around the memories of a Danish saboteur as he awaits his execution in a German war-time prison. Filmed in Denmark only months after the end of the German occupation during WWII, "Red Meadows" was a tribute to the Danish resistance fighters. The film received the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival and is considered a stylistic masterwork.
Plot.
In German-occupied Denmark during WWII, the young Danish saboteur Michael (Poul Reichhardt) sits in a Gestapo jail and awaits his execution. His thoughts go back to the events that led to his capture. In a meadow in Jutland, Michael and his comrades wait for a British airdrop of weapons and explosives to use for the resistance. Afterward, while in his hideout, Michael is surprised by German soldiers. He shoots his way out and is able to slip free. On a country road, a car driven by a German Field Officer (Arne Hershold) stops. Michael overpowers the officer and shoots him. Dressed in the officer's uniform, Michael is able to reach Copenhagen and find his girlfriend Ruth (Lisbeth Movin) at the hotel where she lives. Toto (Lau Lauritzen), the leader of the resistance group, is waiting for him. They are planning to sabotage a weapons factory. However, there is suspicion that there is an informant in the group, so the plan is delayed. One of the group's members, Dreyer (Freddy Koch), is arrested, so Ruth and Michael flee to her uncle's summer house. Ruth is frightened of losing Michael. She says, "If you die, then everything is meaningless - then I'm not a person anymore - and the meadows aren't green anymore -- they are colored the red of your blood." Plans for the sabotage are completed and the group goes into action. But it is revealed that there has been an informant, when the group is surprised by soldiers lying in wait for them. During the firefight, Michael is wounded. However, he is able to blow up the factory before he is captured. Back in the Gestapo jail, the prison guard Steinz (Per Buckhøj) who hates the war and the Nazis, tries to help Michael in small ways, but is unable to prevent his torture. Michal is able to resist during the brutal torture, but he is condemned to death. While in jail, Michael suspects who the informant is and through Steinz gets a message to his comrades: "The apple is rotten." A trap is set and Prikken (Preben Neergaard) reveal himself as the informer. There is no other way but to kill him and it is not difficult to find members who will do it. While being driven to his execution, Steinz tells Michael that he has received a message—Steinz's entire family was killed during an Allied aerial bombardment that week. Michael asks Steinz to escape with him. Steinz declines and shoots himself in the car. Michael flees and seeks refuge in a bakery where he is able to contact Toto. Both Michael and Ruth find transport to Sweden where they can finally rest.

</doc>
<doc id="19049170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049170" title="Lucy Hale">
Lucy Hale

Lucy Kate Hale (born Karen Lucille Hale; June 14, 1989) is an American actress and singer. She was one of five winners of the reality show "American Juniors". She is best known for her role as Aria Montgomery on the ABC Family series "Pretty Little Liars". She released her debut single, "You Sound Good to Me", in January 2014.
Personal life.
Hale is a native of Memphis, Tennessee. She was named after one of her great-grandmothers. Her mother is a registered nurse. She has an older sister Maggie who is a teacher and a step-brother Wes. Hale was homeschooled. During her childhood, she took acting and singing lessons. In August 2012, Hale revealed she had suffered from eating disorder. She is dating "Revolution" actor Graham Rogers.
Career.
Acting.
She first appeared on television in the reality show "American Juniors" in 2003. She was part of the vocal quintet formed with the top 5 finishers. After "American Juniors", Hale moved to Los Angeles at age 15 in the hopes of getting a record deal.
Shortly after, she started auditioning and received a minor role on "Drake & Josh" and other guest roles on shows such as "Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide", "The O.C.", and "How I Met Your Mother". She appeared in two episodes of the Disney Channel show "Wizards of Waverly Place".
Hale appeared in NBC's short-lived re-imagining of the "Bionic Woman" as Becca Sommers, younger sister to title character Jaime Sommers (played by Michelle Ryan). She made her big screen debut in "The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2" portraying Effie, the younger sister of Lena Kaligaris (played by Alexis Bledel).
Hale then co-starred in the CW series "Privileged" as Rose Baker, with Ashley Newbrough and Joanna Garcia. She starred in the "Lifetime" TV movie "Sorority Wars".
In December 2009, Hale was cast as Aria Montgomery in the TV series "Pretty Little Liars", based on the book series by Sara Shepard. Hale won a 2010 Teen Choice Award ("Choice Summer TV Star: Female") for her portrayal of Aria on the show.
In January 2010, Hale guest-starred on the "" episode "Show Stopper". In August 2010, she was cast in a cameo in "Scream 4".
Hale was cast as the lead for "". Filming began in February 2011 and the film aired in January 2012. She hosted the April 25 episode of "Punk'd" where she successfully pranked Ian Harding, Vanessa Hudgens and Josh Hutcherson.
On June 11, 2013, Hale announced that she is the new Ambassador of the beauty brand "Mark Girl". On July 29, 2013, it was announced that Hale and Darren Criss would co-host the 2013 Teen Choice Awards on August 11, 2013.
Music.
Hale described music as her "first love". Her early musical influences were Shania Twain and Faith Hill, but what ignited her interest in pursuing music was Britney Spears' "...Baby One More Time". She also listened to Dixie Chicks. She recorded songs for "A Cinderella Story: Once Upon a Song".
On June 12, 2012, it was announced that she had signed a record deal with Hollywood Records. Recording was set to begin later in 2012 with a single and a country album due in 2013. Kristian Bush of country band Sugarland said: "She sounds like Carrie Underwood -- strong with a blues side and a pop side to it. And a lot like Faith Hill." Hale's debut single "You Sound Good to Me" was released on January 7, 2014, with her debut album to follow later in the year. The song's accompanying music video was directed by Philip Andelman. On February 18, 2014 it was announced that the album would be called "Road Between" and that it would be released on June 3, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19049171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049171" title="Curt McCune">
Curt McCune

Curt McCune (born August 2, 1960), from Homewood (Birmingham), Alabama, is a former 4-time State of Alabama amateur boxing champion, the 1994 International Law Enforcement Games Boxing Champion (193 lbs.), and a current coach and trainer of amateur and professional boxers.
McCune was named the most outstanding boxer at the 1986 Alabama Sports Festival and was nationally ranked as an amateur boxer. He retired from competition with a record of 55-3; plus over 25 exhibition bouts (no decision rendered). Notably, he has trained with referee Richard Steele at the Sugar Ray Leonard Nevada Partners Center. McCune owned Champions Boxing Gym in Birmingham, AL from 2001 to 2007, where he produced over 20 state and regional amateur boxing champions within six years.
McCune is a licensed professional boxing trainer and registered Level II coach with USA Boxing. He currently trains professional boxer Michael Gibbons, whom he trained as an amateur. Gibbons won the 2004, 2005 and 2006 Alabama State Golden Gloves titles, and the 2005 Southeastern Association Championship. Gibbons, known in the ring as "The Godfather", is a 4-0 nationally ranked professional boxer. McCune also trained Brad Ginn, a state and regional champion at 201 lbs, who won a decision at the 2006 Alabama Golden Gloves over 2008 US Olympic bronze medalist Deontay Wilder.
McCune appreared as an extra in the 2002 short film "Johnny Flynton". The film received an Academy Award nomination that year for best short live action film. McCune is a former United States Marine and 20-year law enforcement veteran. He is a licensed professional boxing trainer and registered Level II coach with USA Boxing and resides in Birmingham, Alabama. 

</doc>
<doc id="19049177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049177" title="Referativny Zhurnal">
Referativny Zhurnal

Referativny Zhurnal (, lit. "Review Journal") is a Russian scientific journal dedicated to announcements, summary, and review of scientific information. It is published by VINITI (All-Russian Institute of Scientific and Technical Information of the Russian Academy of Sciences located in Moscow) since 1952. Every year there are 28 volumes, 224 issues in total. There are also summary volumes at the end of the year. The fields of study are divided into series and covered separately:
Starting 2005, VINITI offers an electronic version of the "Referativny Zhurnal". Back issues are also available on CD, going back to 1997.
Similar publications in the West.
The "Referativny Zhurnal", notably the "Mathematics" series, was created as a Soviet counterpart to Western scientific publications, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="19049180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049180" title="Wu Xue">
Wu Xue

Wu Xue (born 22 March 1980) is a female Chinese-born table tennis player who now represents the Dominican Republic.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, reaching the quarterfinals of the singles competition. She also competed in the team competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19049194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049194" title="Hunveyor">
Hunveyor

The Hunveyor is an experimental space probe model constructed in the Hungarian universities. Its name is coming from the following words:
HUNVEYOR = Hungarian UNiversity surVEYOR. Recently 10 university or college space research groups and high school groups build Hunveyor (or the Husar-rover) developed later to work around Hunveyor in Hungary.
Design and construction.
The clear construction and the well recognizable instrumentation of the NASA Surveyors (which were built in the Surveyor program and which landed on the Moon between 1966 and 1968) have given the possibility to construct an educational version of the space probe. In 1997, the teachers and students of the Eötvös Loránd University, Budapest, Department of General Technology examined the literature published on Surveyor missions and a group led by Szaniszlo Berczi constructed the Hunveyor-1 with robotic arm and TV camera (similar to Surveyor 3) with some other simple measurements on board.
Construction of a Surveyor-type planetary lander is one of the space science education programs on Eotvos University, Budapest, Hungary. It focuses on both planetary science and technologies. The new initiative of experimental space probe model construction uses interactions between measuring instruments and environmental streams. Similar is the case between artificially planned technologies and environmental currents (water, wind flows, other transport mechanisms). All these activities are involved in the construction and continuous development of a training and experimental space probe model.
Students played an important role in the construction of this Hunveyor probe. The first training space probe lander, Hunveyor-1, was initiated at the Eotvos University, Department of General Technology, in October 1997. It had two previous ideas helping to start the Hunveyor program. First: the space science education program by activities (i.e. by construction) was the essential program in NASA International Space Camp, Huntsville, Alabama, USA. There, every year, NASA Marshall Space Flight Center organizes an International Space Camp where all participant countries delegate two students (high-school age) and their accompanying teacher. The strength and value of the in situ experiments in space science education were experienced by several Hungarian teachers and students during the last 10 years. Second: the program had been helped by Eugene Shoemaker who sent to Szaniszlo Berczi scientific materials about the Surveyor program in the late 1960s.
In 1998 the program was continued on other universities and colleges in Hungary: in Pecs University, Dept. of Informatics and General Technology (Sandor Hegyi, head) where the Hunveyor-2 has been built, then in 2000 on the Berzsenyi College, Dept. of Technology (Zsolt Kovacs, head) and in 2001 in the Kandó Kálmán College in Szekesfehervar (Gyorgy Hudoba, head) where the Hunveyor-3 and Hunveyor-4 has been built, respectively. In 2003 this program of Hunveyor construction has been extended in the high schools, too. In Pannonhalma, at the Saint Benedict Pannonhalma Archabbey's Gymnasium (Ambrus Pinter, head) the Hunveyor-7 is in construction. Three other high schools in Hungary also participate in the project of building the space probe model.
The Hunveyor program is: construction of a planetary lander model, the experimental part, from the very beginning of the work. Important goal is: measuring the interactions between instruments (technologies) and environmental currents (water, wind flows, other transport mechanisms). Planning, construction, carrying out testing activities, and also the continuous development of the training space probe model are also important parts of the program with the Surveyor type Hunveyor.
Students played important role in the construction of this Hunveyor probe which shows that the training space probe lander model Hunveyor is an intensive experimental tool for education. It concentrates and focuses efforts
It involves theoretical education and practice in construction and technologies.
The first level of this work was a minimal space probe model for experiments, while the first unit was a tetrahedral skeleton (Surveyor-like) as a holding frame. For a minimal probe the personal minimal environmental observations and activities in a new environment were copied: visuality, touch, temperature experience. Television camera with mirror to "see around", telescopic arm to dig small graben, and a bimetallic temperature-measuring instrument can be corresponded to them. Passive magnets were also fixed on the legs.
Electronics of the Hunveyor System.
Also the first level contains the electronics of the Hunveyor System. Essentially, two computers are talking with each other. One is the "Terrestrial Direction and Control" computer, the other is the "Computer on Board of the Space Probe Model". Their connection can be gradually "liberated". First by cables later separated radio electronic connection was built. This Surveyor-like minimal probe gave us many pleasure during building. The sceleton was made from copper tunels with 15 mm diameter. The robotics are constructed by microcontrollers. They can operate both motors and measuring units. Solar panels, the webcameras and other units were purchased in the shops. Computers are PC-s. Husar-rovers gave new impetus to the program later.
Basic points of the Hunveyor constructing works are as follows:
Educational books, field tests, supports from HSO, reports in LPSC.
Material on Hunveyor has been published in Hungarian in the form of various lecture note series booklets, while a Surveyor-Hunveyor concise atlas has been published in English.
Field tests and various Hunveyor Husar planetary analog field trips and simulations are the next steps in using Hunveyor in planetary science education. Mathematica demonstrations (a computer program of the Wolfram Research) help planning and studying motions, extensions, and other operations with the new instruments.
The Hunveyor experimental and training space probe model construction works were also helped by the Hungarian Space Office (HSO). Developments were reported in the NASA Lunar and Planetary Science Conferences.
Hunveyor Teams.
The work is continuously tutored by the Materials Physics, Institute of Physics, Eötvös Loránd University and the Hungarian Space Office also supports the Hunveyor groups. Recent works are at: Hunveyor-1, ELTE, Budapest; Hunveyor-2, PTE, Pécs; Hunveyor-3, BDTF, Szombathely; Hunveyor-4, BMF, Székesfehérvár; Hunveyor-5, NYME, Sopron; Hunveyor-6, High School, Dorog; Hunveyor-7, High School, Pannonhalma; Hunveyor-8, GAMF College, Kecskemét; Hunveyor-9, High School, Tata; Hunveyor-10, Eötvös University, Faculty of Informatics ELTE, Budapest. Hunveyor-11, Szt. Margit High School, Budapest, Hunveyor-12, Magyarkanizsa School, Magyarkanizsa, Serbia, Hunveyor-13, Varga et Fellow Co., Budapest, Hunveyor-14, Hunballon, Pápa, Hunveyor-15, Puli Space Technologies, Budapest.

</doc>
<doc id="19049195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049195" title="Procuro Olvidarte">
Procuro Olvidarte

"Procuro olvidarte" ("I try to forget you") is the name of the song that was the first international hit of the Nicaraguan singer and composer Hernaldo Zúñiga, the song was composed by Manuel Alejandro and Ana Magdalena, as the interpreter recognizes "based on a loving episode that I lived in thoses days", and because of his state of mind, he says, it was impossible for him to write it. This song put him in the international musical map, in a little time it reached the top of popularity and sales of Spanish tongue.
The song was included in the album: "Hernaldo, El Original" (Hernaldo, The Original) released in 1980, this album launched his international career, it was multi-platinum in the most part of Ibero-American countries, from it are these classic hits: "Procuro olvidarte" (I try to forget you), "Ven con el alma desnuda" (Come with the naked soul), "Un pasajero" (A passenger), "Insoportablemente bella" (Unbearable beautiful) or "Ese beso que me has dado" (That kiss that you have given me).
"Procuro olvidarte" and the other songs transform him in an international orbit interpreter.
On April 23, 2013, the song was performed as a duet by Hernaldo Zúñiga (in Spanish) and Michael Bolton (in English adapted by Desmond Child) during the first edition of the "Latin Songwriters Hall of Fame", as a tribute to song's composer, Manuel Alejandro.
This song, due to its firm and rolling success, has been object of multiple later versions in the voice of other great artists, as: Michael Bolton and Hernaldo Zúñiga, Raphael, Rocío Jurado, Pandora, Ricardo Montaner, Simone, Isabel Pantoja, José Luis Rodríguez "El Puma" and Raúl di Blasio, Ray Conniff, Juan Bau, K-Paz de la Sierra, Los Nocheros, Bertín Osborne, José Vélez, Mayte Martin and Tete Montoliú, Tania Libertad, Sabú, Falete, Bambino, Grupo Cali, Industria del Amor, Karina, La Apuesta, Los Forasteros, María Dolores Pradera, Sergio Vargas, Wálter Romero, Javiera Parra, José el Francés, Adrián, Arte y Compás, Grupo Algodón, Jean Carlos, José Manuel Soto, Juan Camacho, La Tota Santillán, Mike Rodríguez, Oneil, Pecos Kanvas, Raulin Rosendo, Santaella, Sebastián, Sergio Torres, Virginia Innocenti, María del Monte, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="19049199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049199" title="Ear to the Street">
Ear to the Street

Ear to the Street is the debut album released by hip hop duo The Conscious Daughters. It was released on November 30, 1993 for Scarface Records, distributed by Priority Records and produced by rapper Paris. Ear to the Street was a success on the billboard charts, it made it to 126 on the Billboard 200, 25 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and 7 on the Top Heatseekers. Also two singles made it to the Billboard charts, "Somethin' To Ride To (Fonky Expedition)" and "We Roll Deep".

</doc>
<doc id="19049206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049206" title="Newsholme railway station">
Newsholme railway station

Newsholme railway station was a railway station that served the small village of Newsholme in Lancashire. It was built by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway. It was closed in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="19049210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049210" title="Rafael Edri">
Rafael Edri

Rafael Edri (, born 10 September 1937) is a former Israeli politician who served as Minister of the Environment and Minister without Portfolio between 1988 and 1990.
Biohgraphy.
Born in Casablanca in Morocco, Edri made aliyah in 1956. He joined the Labour Party and served as head of Hatzor HaGlilit local council. Away from politics, he was on the executive committee of Solel Boneh, served as director-general and chairman of Shikun Ovdim, and chaired the World Assembly of Maghreb Jews in Israel.
In 1981 he was elected to the Knesset on the Alignment's list. He was re-elected in 1984 and served as chairman of the Alignment parliamentary group and of the national unity government coalition. Re-elected again in 1988, Edri was appointed both Minister without Portfolio in the national unity government of 1988. He left the cabinet in 1990 when the Alignment pulled out of the coalition.
After being re-elected in 1992 he became Deputy Speaker of the Knesset, a role he continued in after the 1996 elections. He lost his seat in the 1999 elections

</doc>
<doc id="19049222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049222" title="Hanoverian princess">
Hanoverian princess

This is a list of Hanoverian princesses from the accession of George III to the throne of the Kingdom of Hanover in 1814. Individuals holding the title of princess will usually also be styled "Her Royal Highness" (HRH). Despite Hanover's annexation by Prussia in 1866, male-line descendants of George III continue to style themselves as a prince or princess of Hanover. The eldest daughter of George III, Charlotte, Princess Royal, is not included, as she was married before her father's accession to the throne.
The title Princess of Hanover and the use of the style "Royal Highness" has generally been restricted to the following persons:

</doc>
<doc id="19049225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049225" title="Liu Jia">
Liu Jia

Liu Jia (Chinese: 刘佳; born 16 February 1982 in Beijing, China) is a female Chinese-born table tennis player who now represents Austria.
Early life.
From 1992 to 1995 Liu attended Shischa Sporting High School in Beijing. Afterwards she became a member of professional club Shian Nuntan, where she played with Zhang Yining. Despite Liu's successes as a Cadet and Junior, competition within the Chinese team was strong and prospects for a future international career were dim. Instead of following a call to Japan, Liu travelled to Austria when the opportunity arose to play for Austrian team Linz AG Froschberg.
She arrived in March 1997 without speaking either German or English, but quickly learned German within the year that she settled in Austria. She won the 1st International Austrian Youth Championships soon after her arrival. On 16 February 1998, her sixteenth birthday, she became an Austrian citizen and a member of the Austrian table tennis squad. Husband David Arvidsson is an international Danish table tennis player.
Career.
Liu continued her success on youth level by taking Gold in the Singles, Doubles and Mixed competition at the 1998 European Youth Championships in Norcia. In 1999, she once again claimed the Singles and Mixed titles in Frydek-Mistek.
She competed at the 2000 Sydney Olympics, the 2004 Olympics in Athens and the 2008 Beijing Olympics, reaching the third round of the singles competition in each of them. She also competed in the team competition in Beijing. In May 2011, she qualified for her fourth Olympic attendance in the 2012 London Olympics where she was knocked out in the third round.

</doc>
<doc id="19049230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049230" title="Le gang des gaffeurs">
Le gang des gaffeurs

Le gang des gaffeurs, written and drawn by Franquin, is the thirteenth album of the original "Gaston Lagaffe" series. It is composed of 46 strips previously published in Spirou. It was published in 1974 by Dupuis.
Background.
This is the last album before Franquin's breakdown. Next publications will become rarer.

</doc>
<doc id="19049233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049233" title="Li Qiangbing">
Li Qiangbing

Li Qiangbing (born 30 April 1985) is a female Chinese-born table tennis player who now represents Austria.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, reaching the fourth round of the singles competition. She also competed in the team competition.
She was born in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="19049246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049246" title="Cost approach">
Cost approach

In real estate appraisal, the cost approach is one of three basic valuation methods. The others are market, or sale comparison, and income. The fundamental premise of the cost approach is that a potential user of real estate won't, or shouldn't, pay more for a property than it would cost to build an equivalent. The cost of construction minus depreciation, plus land, therefore is a limit, or at least a metric, of market value.
There are some fairly large assumptions embedded here. One of the basics is that there is a sufficient supply of buildable land that construction is a viable alternative to purchase of an existing property. In some parts of the world today, including in the USA, there are areas which are either so fully developed, or so restrictive in their planning approvals, that new construction is not an option because of the scarcity of land. A related question is whether the building in question is anything that would actually be built again in that market. If the trend of development favors, say, high volume warehousing, would anyone consider building a multi-story manufacturing facility? If the trend is to high density condominium buildings, would anyone consider building a detached house? The cost of constructing an obsolete building isn't considered relevant to market value.
There are other methodological issues which can be problematic. How do you estimate cost? Is it based on reproduction of an exact replica or something that is judged to be functionally equivalent? Can you even estimate cost very exactly? When a project is put up to bid, is there not usually a range of prices offered for the same plans and specifications? Is the final cost of a project equal to the original bid? How should profit be treated? Some maintain that the cost approach will normally be the highest of the three approaches. At the same time it is a truism that a project is only feasible if its projected cost is less than its completed value. 
In between new and totally obsolete various negative elements related to age, fashion and change (depreciation) will accrue. These are lumped into physical (wear, tear and deterioration), functional (look, feel, form and style), and locational (the influence of factors outside the property itself).
It is generally considered that the cost approach gives the best indication of market value when the property in question is new and an appropriate (highest and best) use.

</doc>
<doc id="19049247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049247" title="Josef Kompalla">
Josef Kompalla

Josef Jupp Kompalla (born 13 March 1936) is a retired German ice hockey referee.
He is best known for his officiating of the 1972 Summit Series between the Soviet Union and Canada. His officiating partner during this series was Franz Baader. He also officiated in several IIHF World Championships and Canada Cup competitions. He was inducted into the IIHF Hall of Fame in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19049277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049277" title="Hanoverian princess by marriage">
Hanoverian princess by marriage

This is a list of Hanoverian princesses by marriage from the accession of George III to the throne of the Kingdom of Hanover in 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="19049295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049295" title="Gaffes, bévues et boulettes">
Gaffes, bévues et boulettes

Le gang des gaffeurs, written and drawn by Franquin, is the eleven album of the original "Gaston Lagaffe" series. It is composed of 46 strips previously published in Spirou. It was published in 1973 by Dupuis.
Story.
De Mesmaeker is back in the gags.
Background.
This is the first album composed of 46 pages. Next albums will also comprise 46 strips.

</doc>
<doc id="19049297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049297" title="Sérgio Araújo">
Sérgio Araújo

Sérgio Araújo de Melo, usually known as Sérgio Araújo (born September 12, 1963 in Timóteo, Minas Gerais), was an association football winger. He is currently a farmer in Brazil.
Playing career.
Having been born and raised in the region of Minas Gerais it was in the famous club Atlético Mineiro that Sérgio Araújo started to show his speed and moves, scoring goals and assisting his team mates. Naturally Sérgio was picked by Brazilian manager to play for his national team, playing his first international match (a friendly) against Uruguay (March 1987). On the following month he scored his first goal for Brazil against Bolivia (2–2 was the final result). His final international match was in December 1987 against West Germany (another friendly). During this short period he played 10 international matches, playing aside well known players such as Douglas, Bebeto, Valdo, Raí, Müller and Ricardo Gomes. At Atlético Mineiro he, as well as Aílton, was part of the team that won the Conmebol Cup in 1992. Between 1988 and 1989, he played 39 games and scored nine goals for Flamengo.
In late 1993, Sérgio Araújo moved to Portuguese club Vitória Setúbal, joining a team where Yekini was the star. He played his first match against Benfica in an astonishing 5–2 win, scoring one goal in his debut. Araújo played around 20 games that season, only scoring for 3 times. 
Just before the 1994–1995 season, the Nigerian striker Yekini moved to Olimpiakos, and the team was severely weakened. Vitória Setúbal only won three games, and was relegated. Sérgio Araújo, due to several injuries could not be of great help to the club, and was dismissed in the end of the season.
He ended his career in Brazil, returning to Minas Gerais to be a successful farm owner.
Besides having played for Atlético Mineiro, Flamengo and Vitória de Setúbal, he has also played for Fluminense, Vasco, Grêmio, Guarani, Ponte Preta, XV de Piracicaba, América (SP), Internacional de Limeira, Villa Nova, and Serra.
Managerial career.
After retiring, he worked for two years as Operário (VG)'s manager, leaving the club in 2008 to work as Villa Nova's youth squad manager.

</doc>
<doc id="19049301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049301" title="Naseer Khan Khoso">
Naseer Khan Khoso

Mir Naseer Khan Khoso is a Chhutani Khoso from Madadpur village in the Thul Sub Division of Jacobabad District. A well known person and a famous politician, he became a Member of Provincial Assembly (MPA) in 1997 for the first time and became Minister of Sindh. In 2002 he was elected MPA second time.

</doc>
<doc id="19049314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049314" title="Jade (Flowing Tears album)">
Jade (Flowing Tears album)

Jade is the third album by the German gothic metal band Flowing Tears. It is their first album after changing their name from Flowing Tears & Withered Flowers. The track "Wild Horses" is mistakenly listed as "White Horses" on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="19049326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049326" title="Henry Gray (politician)">
Henry Gray (politician)

Henry Gray, Jr. (January 19, 1816 – December 11, 1892) was an American lawyer and politician who served in the state legislatures of Mississippi and then Louisiana. During the American Civil War, he was a general in the Confederate Army and subsequently served in the Confederate States Congress.
Early life and career.
Gray was born to a military family in the Laurens District of South Carolina. He was a son of Henry Gray (a captain in the United States Army during the War of 1812) and Elvira Flanagan Gray. His grandfather Fredrick Gray had been a captain in the American Revolutionary War.
He graduated from South Carolina College in 1834, and was admitted to the bar in 1838. He then settled in Winston County, Mississippi, where he married Eleanora Ann Howard in 1841, and was the local district attorney from 1839 until 1845. In 1846 Gray was elected to the Mississippi Legislature and served one term. In 1850 he ran unsuccessfully for the U.S. Congress as a Whig. 
In December 1850, he bought of land in Bienville Parish, Louisiana, in the community of Brushy Valley. In the campaign of 1856 he was an elector for the Democratic ticket and canvassed the state with his friend Judah P. Benjamin. He was elected to the State Legislature in 1860 and later that year lost a close race for senator to Benjamin.
Civil War.
At the beginning of the Civil War, Gray enlisted as a private in a Mississippi infantry regiment in January 1861, until his friend Jefferson Davis called him to go back to Louisiana to raise a regiment. In April and early May 1862, Gray organized the 28th Louisiana Infantry at Camp Taylor and was elected as its colonel. He and his men were mustered into the Confederate Army on May 2.
On April 14, 1863 Gray was wounded in the fighting near Bayou Teche, Louisiana. Department commander Edmund Kirby Smith ordered his promotion to brigadier general on April 8, however the Confederate Congress disallowed it. Gray was given brigade command in Polignac's Division in April. 
Gray saw action around Vicksburg and in various battles within Louisiana while leading his brigade. He assumed the command of a division during the Battle of Mansfield on April 28, 1864, following the mortal wounding of Alfred Mouton.
Gray was elected to represent his northwestern Louisiana congressional district to the Second Confederate Congress, a position he had not sought nor had any knowledge of until notified of his election. He subsequently left the army in camp at Camden, Arkansas, and traveled to Richmond, Virginia. He was promoted to brigadier general on March 17, 1865, backdated to the Mansfield fight, and Gray rejoined his brigade in Polignac's Division until the end of the war. There is no record of his being paroled from the U.S. Government.
Postbellum activities.
After the war he was a member of Louisiana State Senate. He spent most of the rest of his life trying to re-establish his finances. His only son had died in 1864, and his wife died a few years later. At the age of 76, Gray died at his daughter's house near Coushatta, Louisiana, and was buried nearby in Springville Cemetery.
The Brig. Gen. Henry Gray Chapter #218 of the Military Order of the Stars and Bars in Shreveport, Louisiana, is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19049334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049334" title="Nick Leslau">
Nick Leslau

Nick Leslau (born 18 August 1959) is an English commercial property millionaire, with an estimated fortune in the Sunday Times Rich List of £200 million. He owns Thorpe Park and other UK properties such as Alton Towers which he leases to Merlin Entertainment.
Biography.
The son of a father who was a jeweller and skilled part-time art historian, his parents divorced when he was nine. His mother subsequently worked full time so that Leslau could be educated at a preparatory school in Hampstead, and at Mill Hill School. Due to his then poverty and the fact his mother converted to Catholicism, Leslau didn't have his barmitzvah until the age of 28 – which he describes as a "$250 quickie at the Wailing Wall" – in order to marry his wife Maxine. He was born into a poverty stricken family which led to his parents divorcing.
Career.
As a teenager, Leslau took a job helping the local milkman for 50p a round, and later buying umbrellas in bulk to resell at a market stall. Aged 17, Leslau became manager of the Late Late Store, a grocery shop in Belsize Park — one of his pizza buying customers was ex-Mill Hill old boy and City financier Nigel Wray.
Leslau left a degree studying German at the University of Warwick, to study surveying. After meeting Sam Rosen, Leslau joined the ground rent company of commodities traders Burford Group. He became a chartered surveyor with the Burford, rising to junior partner in 1982. Age 23, Leslau became Chief Executive and, wanting to move further into property, met Wray again through business contacts, with the pair engineering a reverse takeover of Wray's listed company Chartsearch in 1986 for £8 million. They expanded the company into a £1 billion enterprise, buying large parts of Oxford Street and the Trocadero centre. However, a poor deal with Sega in the creation of SegaWorld as an anchor tenant meant the company went through some difficult times.
Prestbury.
In 1997, Leslau and Wray started their own small property company Maybeat Limited, which they reversed into one of Michael Edelson's Alternative Investment Market listed shell companies called Prestbury Group plc.
The board consisted of Leslau, Wray, Viscount Astor, John Hodson (the then chief executive of private bank Singer & Friedlander) and Edelson. Over the next two years it produced a return of 150% on Net Asset Value and Leslau grew its total value to several hundreds of millions of pounds before taking it private in 2004.
Knutsford.
In 1999, Leslau set up an investment vehicle, Edenhawk, together with friends Wray, Archie Norman and Julian Richer. Once again, they reversed into an Edelson shell company, Knutsford Plc. The intention was to acquire a retail business to take advantage of the retailing skills of Norman (the former Chairman of Asda) and Richer, who had built up the dynamic retail group Richer Sounds.
Within days of the transaction being announced, Knutsford had caught the imagination of the media and within weeks the value of the investment vehicle had soared to £1 billion, attracting attention from financial media around the world as potential acquisition targets were touted by the media such as Marks & Spencers and Sainsburys.
The overly speculative valuation was far in excess of anything the "Knutsford 4" and Edelson had anticipated and was in fact becoming problematic particularly because it proved a major stumbling block to concluding any deal. Although Knutsford eventually concluded a deal with WI Link (which continues to trade successfully), it could never hope to achieve the dizzy expectations generated by the media in the weeks after flotation. 
To this day, Knutsford is cited as a case history in a number of business schools and is considered to have been the end of the dot com boom in the UK.
After Knutsford; in February 2001 Leslau set up private company Prestbury Investment Holdings, funded by HBOS and Sir Tom Hunter, with whom he has since done a number of Scottish based joint ventures with Hunter's West Coast Capital. Leslau is now chairman and chief executive of PIHL, with the company presently owning a property portfolio estimated to be worth in excess of £4 billion, including four of the UK's largest entertainment complexes run by Merlin Entertainments (Alton Towers, Thorpe Park, Warwick Castle and Madame Tussauds).
Leslau and his business partner Wray bought a Citation X in 2004.
Personal life.
Leslau and his wife Maxine live in a £30 million property he bought in Mayfair, London. The couple have three sons, and own a Mediterranean based yacht. As a lover of sport, Leslau owns one of W.G. Grace's cricket bats, and is a part owner of Saracens F.C. Rugby Union club.
Thanks to his friend Tom Hunter, Leslau became interested in solving the world's problems: in 2006 they had a working holiday in Ayacucho, Peru; in 2007 to Malawi to help build an orphanage. In early 2008, Leslau took part in the Channel 4 programme "Secret Millionaire," giving away £400,000 in a ten day visit to Possil, Glasgow.

</doc>
<doc id="19049365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049365" title="Ljubim te pesmama">
Ljubim te pesmama

"Ljubim te pesmama" (Cyrillic: "Љубим те песмама"; English: "I'm kissing you with songs") was the Yugoslav entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, sung in Serbo-Croatian by Snežana Berić, also known as Extra Nena. The song was composed by Radivoje Radivojević and Gale Janković.
On the night of the contest Berić performed 20th, following Italy's Mia Martini with "Rapsodia" and preceding Norway's Merethe Trøan with "Visjoner". At the close of the voting the song had received 44 points, placing 13th in a field of 23. Anders Berglund was the conductor; he also played accordion during the song.

</doc>
<doc id="19049381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049381" title="Symphony No. 9 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 9 (Haydn)

The Symphony No. 9 in C major, Hoboken I/9, is a symphony by Joseph Haydn. The symphony was composed in 1762.
It is scored for 2 flutes, 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, strings and continuo. The flutes are used in place of the oboes in the slow movement and mainly double the first violins an octave higher. The work is in three movements:
While it was not unusual to end a 3-movement symphony with a minuet, such a minuet generally was without a trio. The trio here features a solo oboe with wind-band interludes.

</doc>
<doc id="19049382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049382" title="George Robert White">
George Robert White

George Robert White (1847-1922) was an American philanthropist. He was a citizen of Boston, Massachusetts for most of his life. As a boy he began working for the Weeks and Potter Drug Company. Over time White's responsibilities grew and he eventually became the president and owner of the firm. White changed the name of the corporation to that of the Potter Drug and Chemical Company. The company was best known for its antibacterial soap with the brand name Cuticura. Over the course of his life he amassed a fortune. He was active in a number of charitable organizations, and after his death in 1922 he bequethed a sizable endowment on the City of Boston named The George Robert White Fund.
George Robert White Fund.
The George Robert White Fund was established in White's will when he left a trust of $5,000,000 to the City of Boston as a permanent charitable fund. The net income of the fund is to be used only for creating public beauty and utility for the inhabitants of the city, and cannot be used for any of the normally provided services of the municipality. 
Management of the fund is seated in the Mayor of Boston, the President of the City Council, the City Auditor, the President of the Chamber of Commerce, and the President of the Boston Bar Association. Eager to prevent unduly hasty disbursements from the fund, White required a minimum of 3 months deliberation before disbursement. He required the city to make an annual report to the public by the trustees in order to maintain a degree of public accountability.
White's desire was to concentrate the fund's spending on substantial projects to beautify the city and while not requiring the following, mentioned in his will projects such as a zoological garden, aquarium, and public gathering places. He suggested allowing the income of the fund to build periodically in order that the projects undertaken could be substantial and not trivial.
Charitable boards and associations.
Mr White was a trustee of several public organizations, including:
Additionally, he was a substantial benefactor of:
Commemorations.
White is remembered by three notable public memorials. In 1905 a memorial was erected at the Forest Hills Cemetery entitled "Angel of Peace" created by the notable sculptor Daniel Chester French (creator of the Concord Minuteman statue in Concord, MA). In 1924 another monument by French was erected in the Boston Public Garden entitled Angel of the Waters. Additionally, in 2002 the George Robert White Environmental Conservation Center was constructed and grew out of a strong commitment to conservation and environmental protection from both the City of Boston and the Massachusetts Audubon Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19049393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049393" title="Symphony No. 10 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 10 (Haydn)

The Symphony No. 10 in D major, Hoboken I/10, is a symphony by Joseph Haydn. The symphony may have been written as early as 1757 but no later than 1761.
It is scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, strings and continuo. The work is in three movements:

</doc>
<doc id="19049403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049403" title="Symphony No. 11 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 11 (Haydn)

Joseph Haydn's Symphony No. 11 in E-flat major (Hoboken I/11) is a symphony which may have been written as early as 1760 but no later than 1762.
It is scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, strings and continuo. The symphony is a sonata da chiesa in four movements:
This work has been mentioned as a possible companion piece to Symphony No. 5 in that the two symphonies are in sonata da chiesa form with finales that are not in the customary (for the time period) 3/8 meter.
In the trio of the minuet, one of the parts is an eighth note behind the others, creating an effect of limping syncopation.

</doc>
<doc id="19049409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049409" title="Serge Fiori">
Serge Fiori

Serge Fiori (born March 4, 1952) was the lead vocalist and guitarist for Harmonium, an influential progressive rock band from Quebec. After Harmonium broke up he pursued a minor solo career.
Biography.
Serge Fiori grew up in the Italian part of Montreal and made his performing debut in the ballroom orchestra of his father George Fiori. At age 18 he was already earning his living as a professional musician while beginning to write his own material. In 1972, a friend introduced him to Michel Normandeau who was looking for someone to write the music for a play. The project fell apart but the two struck a friendship and in 1973 they formed Harmonium.
Harmonium recorded three studio albums, adding members along the way to turn into a progressive rock group: Harmonium (1974), Si On Avait Besoin d'une Cinquième Saison (1975), and L'Heptade (1976). Each LP became highly influential in the development of Quebec rock and each intensified Serge Fiori's charisma as a frontman and songwriter. Unlike other Quebec songwriters, his lyrics had a universal appeal. L'Heptade in particular revealed interests in a cosmic consciousness and oriental mysticism similar to Yes' Jon Anderson.
Harmonium disbanded in 1978. Fiori immediately teamed up with Richard Séguin to record Deux Cents Nuits à l'Heure. This was also Séguin's first album apart from the group that brought him under the spotlight, Les Séguin. Most of the Harmonium musicians appeared on the 1978 LP and again on Neil Chotem's Live au El Casino (1979) which includes two new songs by Fiori. After that the singer disappeared from the public radar, moving to Los Angeles to study meditation, computer science, and composition.
He resurfaced in 1983 as a songwriter for other artists, namely Diane Dufresne, Nanette Workman and stand-up comic Yvon Deschamps. A year later he wrote and sung the theme song for the Montreal comedy festival Just for Laughs, which would became one of the biggest attractions of its kind in the world. His 1986 solo album contains many flaws inherent to the cold production techniques of the era. He spent the 1990s writing film scores (André Forcier's Une Histoire Inventée in 1990, Roch Demers' Hathi in 2000 and Madame Brouette in 2002, with Mamadou Diabaté and Majoly) and TV music, making a short set of public appearances in 1995 to present Gayatri, Maha Mrityunjaya and Shiva, three CDs of new age music.

</doc>
<doc id="19049413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049413" title="Pompeian era">
Pompeian era

The Pompeian Era was a calendar era used by Hellenistic cities in Roman Palestine, in particular the cities of the Decapolis. The calendar counted the years from the region's conquest by the Roman general Pompey in 63 BCE. Many of these cities had been self-governing "poleis" before the Jewish Hasmoneans had conquered them in the 2nd century BCE. The Romans restored their self-governing status, so the conquest amounted to a "new foundation" of the cities, and they made that date the epochal year of their calendars. Some other nearby cities, such as Philadelphia, adopted the era even though they had never been under Hasmonean rule.
When archaeologists find Pompeian dates on a city's coins and inscriptions, they use them as evidence of the city's membership in the Decapolis league. However, some cities that ancient writers listed in the Decapolis did not use Pompeian dates. In particular, Damascus continued to reckon dates using the Seleucid era.
The region continued to use the Pompeian era during the Byzantine period, long after the term "Decapolis" had fallen out of use. The calendar was used even after the Muslim conquest of Syria in the 7th century CE. A church in Khilda, near Philadelphia (Amman), is inscribed with the Pompeian year 750, or 687 CE, several years after the Muslim conquest.

</doc>
<doc id="19049431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049431" title="Zhu Fang">
Zhu Fang

Zhu Fang (born 2 October 1976) is a female Chinese-born table tennis player who now represents Spain.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, reaching the second round of the singles competition. She also competed in the team competition.
She was born in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="19049434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049434" title="Le géant de la gaffe">
Le géant de la gaffe

Le géant de la gaffe, written and drawn by Franquin, is the tenth album of the original "Gaston Lagaffe" series. It is composed of 52 strips previously published in Spirou. It was published in 1972 by Dupuis.
Story.
"Le géant de la gaffe" is the first album in which Franquin inserts eccentric signatures. Monsieur De Mesmaeker is less present than in previous albums.
Background.
This album is the last which is made up of 52 pages.

</doc>
<doc id="19049462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049462" title="Shen Yanfei">
Shen Yanfei

Shen Yanfei (; born December 24, 1979 in Hebei, China) is a female Chinese-born table tennis player who now represents Spain and resides in Cartagena, Murcia. Her birth name, "Shen Yanfei", follows Chinese convention so "Shen" is the family name and "Yanfei" the given name. She now has Spanish nationality and therefore her legal name is now "Yanfei Shen" following Spanish convention which puts family names last.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, reaching the third round of the singles competition. She also competed in the team competition. In May 2011 she qualified directly for the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Career records.
Singles (as of July 6, 2013)
Women's Doubles
Team

</doc>
<doc id="19049466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049466" title="John Canning, Jr.">
John Canning, Jr.

John A. Canning, Jr. is a private equity investor and sports executive. He is the founder and chairman of Madison Dearborn Partners, the large Chicago-based private equity firm. He has recently been linked to discussions about the potential sale of the Chicago Cubs.
Career.
Canning was an early investor in private equity in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Canning founded Madison Dearborn Partners in 1992. Since then the firm has raised over $14 billion of investor commitments. Prior to founding Madison Dearborn, Canning and his team had previously made private equity investments for First Chicago Bank. Canning joined First Chicago in 1968 and spent 24 years with the bank serving as Executive Vice President of The First National Bank of Chicago and later as President of First Chicago Venture Capital, the predecessor of Madison Dearborn.
Board Memberships.
Canning currently serves on the Boards of Directors of 
Canning currently serves on the Boards of Trustees of:
Canning also serves as a commissioner of the Irish Pension Reserve Fund, a trustee and chairman of The Chicago Community Trust as well as a director and chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago.
Education.
Canning received his undergraduate degree from Denison University in 1966 and a J.D. from Duke University in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="19049467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049467" title="Wong How Man">
Wong How Man

Wong How Man (born 1949) is an explorer and photojournalist from Hong Kong, and founder and president of the China Exploration & Research Society (CERS), a preeminent nonprofit organization specializing in exploration, research, conservation and education in remote China. Between 1974, when he began exploring China as a journalist, and 1986, when he founded CERS, Wong led six major expeditions for the "National Geographic" magazine. His writing for the "National Geographic" was nominated for the Overseas Press Club Award of America. In his 1985 "National Geographic" expedition, Wong led a team that found a new source of the Yangtze River that is internationally recognized as the true geographic source of the river. Wong documented this expedition in his 1989 book, "Exploring the Yangtze: China's Longest River". Twenty years later, Wong led a team to discover a new source, four miles west of the source that he had previously discovered. Subsequently, Wong led CERS expeditions that pinpointed the source of the Mekong in 2007 and discovered a new source for the Yellow River in 2008. In 2011, he and his team defined the source of the Salween River.
Wong has authored over a dozen books. Among these, "From Manchuria to Tibet" won the prestigious Lowell Thomas Travel Journalism Gold Award in 1999. His book "Islamic Frontiers of China" was published in the UK in 1990, long before the topic became of worldwide interest. His two CD-ROMs, "Exploring the Yangtze" and "Tibet", won 11 and 5 international awards respectively.
Wong's organization, CERS, has conducted scores of successful conservation projects, many of which became full-length documentary films. Wong is often invited as keynote speaker on important international lecture circuits for both corporations and select groups of audience. Many heads of State and elites of society have been among his audience. His work is supported by private foundations, individuals and corporations. Wong has received numerous awards, including an honorary doctorate from the University of Wisconsin in River Falls, Lifetime Achievement Award from Monk Hsing Yun. In 2002, "Time" named Wong as one of 25 Asians profiled in its special issue on "Asian Heroes."
Bibliography.
Wong How Man, "Exploring the Yangtze: China's Longest River" (China Books & Periodicals, 1989), ISBN 0-8351-2185-2
Wong How Man, "Islamic Frontiers of China" (Scorpion Publishing, 1990), ISBN 0-905906-83-7
Wong How Man, "From Manchuria to Tibet" (Odyssey Publishing, 1998), ISBN 962-217-098-6
Wong How Man, "Closer to Heaven - An Exploration Series" (Commonwealth Publishing Group, 2001), ISBN 957-621-906-X
Wong How Man, "Closer to Earth - An Exploration Series" (Commonwealth Publishing Group, 2001), ISBN 957-621-907-X 
Wong How Man, "Black-necked Crane Rendezvous" (Commonwealth Publishing Group, 2002), ISBN 986-417-045-7
Wong How Man, "Nature at Heart" (Commonwealth Publishing Group, 2003), ISBN 986-417-191-7
Wong How Man, "Culture at Heart" (Commonwealth Publishing Group, 2003), ISBN 986-417-192-5
Wong How Man, "Holy Mountain, Hidden Valley" (Commonwealth Publishing Group, 2007), ISBN 978-986-216-024-4
Wong How Man, "Voyage of Discovery" (Commonwealth Publishing Group, 2007), ISBN 978-986-216-025-1
Wong How Man, "As River Flows" (Commonwealth Publishing Group, 2009), ISBN 978-986-216-439-6
Wong How Man, "Tales from Ancient Kingdom" (Commonwealth Publishing Group, 2009), ISBN 978-986-216-440-2
Wong How Man, "Treasures in Our Midst" (Commonwealth Publishing Group, 2010), ISBN 978-986-216-629-1
Wong How Man, "Heritage on Our Minds" (Commonwealth Publishing Group, 2010), ISBN 978-986-216-630-1 
Wong How Man, Adel Awni Dajani, "Islamic Frontiers of China: Peoples of the Silk Road" (I.B.Tauris Publishers, 2010), ISBN 978-1-84885-702-5
Wong How Man, "Nature As My Companion" (Commonwealth Publishing Group, 2012), ISBN 978-986-320-052-9
Wong How Man, "Culture As My Friend" (Commonwealth Publishing Group, 2012), ISBN 978-986-320-058-1
Wong How Man, "Boundless Nature" (Commonwealth Publishing Group, 2013), ISBN 978-986-320-363-6
Wong How Man, "Borderless Culture" (Commonwealth Publishing Group, 2013), ISBN 978-986-320-364-3

</doc>
<doc id="19049482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049482" title="Barack Obama assassination plot in Denver">
Barack Obama assassination plot in Denver

The Barack Obama assassination plot in Denver refers to an alleged plot by Shawn Robert Adolf, Tharin Robert Gartrell and Nathan Dwaine Johnson to assassinate Barack Obama, then the 2008 Democratic Party presidential nominee. The trio allegedly planned to shoot Senator Obama with a high-powered rifle during the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado.
The alleged motive for the attempted assassination was a white supremacist belief that an African American should not be elected President of the United States. Gartrell was arrested August 24, 2008, and found to be in possession of rifles and other weaponry; Adolf and Johnson were arrested shortly thereafter. In a televised interview after his arrest, Johnson identified Adolf as the man who allegedly hatched the assassination plot and planned to be the shooter.
Although their suspected white supremacist affiliations led federal authorities to investigate possible ties to a larger group, authorities later downplayed the trio as drug addicts who had little chance of actually carrying out the plot. The three men were charged with drug and weapons charges, but did not face federal charges of threatening a presidential candidate.
Investigation and arrests.
Gartrell was driving to buy cigarettes when he was arrested at about 1:30 a.m. on August 24. Police in Aurora, Colorado, a suburb east of Denver, pulled over his rented 2008 blue Dodge Ram truck, which was swerving erratically. Police found a Ruger Model M77 Mark II 22-250 bolt-action rifle with an attached scope and bipod, and a Remington Remington Model 721 270 bolt-action rifle with an attached hunting scope. One of the rifles was fitted with a silencer. Police also found two wigs, three fake IDs, camouflage clothing, a bulletproof vest, two walkie-talkies and 4.4 grams of what appeared to be methamphetamine in the truck. The truck contained enough drug-making equipment for the vehicle to be considered "a mobile lab". At least one of the rifles had been reported stolen. Gartrell was under the influence of methamphetamine when arrested. He was found to be driving on a suspended license, and was carrying a false Colorado identification card with a Centennial, Colorado address. Gartrell was using crutches at the time of his arrest.
Gartrell told an agent with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives that the weapons belonged to his cousin Adolf, and he led police to the hotels where Adolf and Johnson were staying. Johnson was arrested at the Hyatt Regency Tech Center, at about 4:30 a.m. Adolf was arrested at the Cherry Creek Hotel in Glendale at about 5 a.m. Adolf jumped out of a sixth-story hotel window when police arrived. He fell four stories onto the second-floor roof of the hotel kitchen, then jumped again onto the ground around the hotel. He broke his ankle in the fall, but tried to run before police found him a short distance away. Adolf, who was hospitalized shortly after his arrest, was wearing body armor when police apprehended him. He told police this was because "someone wanted to shoot him". Like Gartrell, Johnson and Adolf were found to be under the influence of methamphetamine during their arrests. During interviews with police, both men made racist statements similar to those allegedly made in their earlier hotel room discussions.
Johnson implicates Adolf.
Johnson told the United States Secret Service he rented the Hyatt hotel room at Adolf's request and that he believed "without a doubt" that Adolf came to Denver to kill Obama. According to a police affidavit, "Johnson said the only reason for such killing would be because Obama is black." During an August 25 interview with KCNC-TV, a CBS owned-and-operated television station in Denver, Johnson first denied being personally involved with the plot and, when asked whether he felt the men had serious plans to go through with the assassination, he said, "Looking back at it, I don't want to say yes, but I don't want to say no." Eventually, however, he admitted the other two men had planned a killing when he said, "Yeah, they were here to do that, to assassinate him ... it's about as hard for me to swallow as it is for you to understand." Johnson said the plan was for Adolf to, "shoot Obama from a high vantage point using a sighted at 750 yards". Johnson said the shooting was to take place during Obama's acceptance speech on August 28 at the Democratic National Convention in INVESCO Field at Mile High. Johnson told the station, "He don't belong in political office. Blacks don't belong in political office. He ought to be shot." Johnson said Adolf previously made comments about killing any African American who ran for president: "He made a comment in the past. I can't honestly tell you how long ago in the past, that he didn't believe a black should be the leader of this country." According to Johnson, Adolf said he was already wanted for other crimes, so it "wouldn't matter if he killed Obama". Johnson also claimed Adolf said he would never be taken alive and wanted to "go down in a blaze of glory". Law enforcement sources told KCNC-TV that one of the suspects "was directly asked if they had come to Denver to kill Obama. He responded in the affirmative." Johnson said Gartrell came to Denver to help Adolf execute the plan, and Gartrell later admitted to police that in talking about Obama, they referred to "shooting on a grassy knoll," a reference to the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. An arrest warrant read, "Adolf said that he wanted to kill Obama and additionally stated that he would specifically use a sniper rifle and high powered scope, and find high ground to set up and shoot Obama." However, Johnson also told the reporter he came to the conclusion that there was assassination plot only after being questioned by the Federal Bureau of Investigation multiple times, adding, “I told them I had no idea there was a plot, a plan, a conspiracy or anything like that ... When the feds came and laid out everything on the table and how it looked, I was in agreement that they could have been up here to do something like that." Johnson later rejected additional media interview requests.
Assessment of threat.
FBI Special Agent Robert Sawyer initially said there was probable cause to believe the trio were conspiring to kill Obama, based on searches of their hotel rooms and cars. However, United States Attorney Troy Eid said the racist statements the suspects made following their arrests had not risen to the legal standard that would have allowed the filing of federal charges for threatening a presidential candidate, an offense that falls under the same statute as threatening the President of the United States. Prosecutors also said they had insufficient evidence that they had the means to carry out a plot to kill Obama. Eid said the searches of the suspects' rooms and computers turned up no evidence of a plot or conspiracy. Eid and his aides said the decision not to press charges of threatening a presidential candidate was at least in part because they did not believe a jury would convict them based on the reliability of Johnson's testimony. Jeffrey Dorschner, Eid's spokesman, said a defense attorney “would tear him apart”. Although Eid would be accused of racism and political posturing for not seeking the charge, Eid said, "The 'political' thing to have done in this case, of course, would have been to charge all three defendants with making a threat against Obama and then quietly drop those charges later — expedient, Machiavellian and self-serving, but also illegal, unethical and immoral."
The Secret Service, ATF, FBI, a U.S. Joint Terrorism Task Force and the U.S. Attorney's office investigated the plot. Inconsistencies with the men's stories led investigators to downgrade the threat the men presented to Barack Obama. During a press conference on August 26, federal authorities said Gartrell, Adolf and Johnson had possessed little, if any, chance of actually assassinating Obama. Eid described the alleged plot as "more aspirational, perhaps, than operational", and said, "We're absolutely confident that the meth heads were not a true threat to the candidate, the Democratic National Convention or the people of Colorado." Officials did not believe the men had a clear path to hit the stage from outside the convention hall, and had little chance of getting to Obama outside the convention, especially since they were incorrect about which hotel Obama would be staying at. One FBI official described the trio as "just a couple of rednecks thinking out loud what they'd like to do". FBI officials said no additional precautions were planned in response to the alleged plot because security had already been high due to the prospect of threats from extremist groups. Secret Service protection for Obama began after the Senator received a death threat in 2007, marking the first time a candidate received such protection before being nominated. Obama and his campaign officials did not comment on the arrests, just as Obama had usually declined discussing death threats against him in the past since entering the presidential race.
Although officials downplayed the level of threat the trio presented to Obama, they said they planned further investigations into how a gang of supposedly small-time criminals collected such a massive arsenal. Authorities believed the men had at least some white supremacist involvement, although experts at the Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks the radical right, said no evidence existed linking any of them to a white supremacist group. Nevertheless, the possible connections prompted FBI officials, who originally considered the threat "relatively minor", to develop stronger concerns about whether the motives from the three plotters could have been connected to a larger organization. The FBI stated that with an African American candidate for President, "you are certainly going to look at the general threat picture against any candidate and factor in the threats posed by those who preach hate and racism."
Dr. William Boone, political science professor at Clark Atlanta University, said drug influence should not have been cause for prosecutors to dismiss the threat, and that drugs have historically caused criminals to follow through with such crimes and schemes. Boone said, "The whole idea of just dismissing it as not credible is incredible. ... It’s surprising given the whole history of crime and drug use in the United States."
Histories of alleged plotters.
After their arrest, law enforcement officials investigated whether Adolf, Gartrell and Johnson were linked to vandalism shootings that targeted at least two federal buildings in Denver two weeks prior to their arrest. Windows were shot at the U.S. Custom House and the U.S. Military Entrance Processing Station in Denver's downtown Federal District. Authorities were also studying whether a bullet recovered from a Hertz rental car shot on August 15 could have matched the guns seized from the men.
Adolf, a Greeley, Colorado resident, was the only one of the three alleged plotters with any prior history of violence. Adolf was arrested on May 14, 1997, for his involvement in a theft of $350,000-worth of construction equipment, materials and vehicles in Greeley. He served prison time starting in 1997 on drug-related charges, and faced two third-degree assault charges in 2001. At the time of his arrest for the alleged assassination plot, eight outstanding warrants had been issued for him in response various crimes committed around Colorado, including one for skipping out on a $1 million bond. He was on the most-wanted list of the Weld County, Colorado sheriff's department for burglary, larceny, aggravated motor vehicle theft and other prior charges. Adolf possessed a handcuff key on one hand and a swastika ring on the other when he was arrested for the alleged assassination plot. His criminal history also included forgery, drug and weapon charges. Vicki Harbert, an investigator with the Weld County Sheriff's Department, had been pursuing Adolf since 2006 and feared he would eventually kill a police officer. Harbert said of Adolf after his 2008 arrest, "I've been a cop for 18 years and he was not your typical bad guy."
Tharin Gartrell is a professional club-music disc jockey, originally from Lincoln County, Nevada. He lived in Pioche, Nevada until the 1990s, when he moved to another rural Nevada town with his father, Carl "Flash" Gartrell, a journeyman ranch hand and heavy equipment operator. Carl Gartrell has a history of multiple drug- and alcohol-related arrests and, in August 2008, a warrant was issued for his arrest in Lincoln County. Tharin Gartrell, who had no known address at the time of his arrest, was run over by a truck as a child and, according to Lincoln County, Nevada Sheriff Kerry Lee, "It was absolutely amazing that he wasn't hurt badly." Gartrell experienced significant disciplinary action problems in high school and was told he would have to enroll in an alternative school, but never did. Friends said Gartrell had been on probation for drugs and had not committed any crimes for several years, but fell off the wagon and started spending time with Adolf in mid-August 2008. Like Adolf, Gartrell and Johnson had a criminal history involving burglary, forgery, drug and weapon charges. Tharin is registered with the Republican Party in Colorado.
Comparison to other cases.
The failure to prosecute the trio with federal charges caused some speculation about a government cover-up, particularly revolving around Troy Eid, who was appointed U.S. Attorney by President George W. Bush, and has been accused of showing political biases. Some questioned why Eid did not pursue federal charges against Gartrell, Adolf and Johnson, but filed similar charges against Marc Harold Ramsey, who allegedly sent a threatening letter to 2008 Republican presidential nominee Senator John McCain from behind bars in the Arapahoe County Jail. Ramsey, who faced five years in federal prison and $250,000 in fines if convicted, sent McCain a package with a harmless white powdery substance and a letter that read, "Senator McCain, If you are reading this then you are already DEAD! Unless of course you can't or don't breathe." Eid said the Ramsey case was "absolutely distinguishable" from that of Gartrell, Adolf and Johnson because there was no evidence of actual planning on the part of the trio.
In North Carolina, Jerry Blanchard was indicted for threatening to kill Obama during a July 15, 2008 breakfast at a Waffle House. He allegedly called Obama the "Antichrist" at the breakfast, and made similar threats against Obama later at a hotel. Blanchard was placed in custody despite the fact that no evidence surfaced that he planned to go through with an assassination attempt. Later that same month in Florida, Raymond H. Geisel was charged with making threatening statements against Obama during a bail-bonds training class on July 31. Geisel also threatened to put a bullet in the head of then-President Bush, although Geisel later claimed he was joking. He was found to be in possession of ammunition, body armor, a combat-style hatchet, tear gas, a loaded 9 mm handgun and four loaded magazines. Geisel said he collected firearms, and was only using the gun for his bail-bonds course. Geisel remained in custody for a month.
Eid said the Blanchard and Geisel situations were different from those of Gartrell, Adolf and Johnson because credible witnesses heard specific threats being made in both cases. Eid said Gartrell never made any threatening statements about killing Obama, and Johnson could not be considered a credible witness because he was under the influence of drugs when he made accusations against Gartrell and Adolf. Blanchard's attorney, Lawrence Hewitt, said he planned to research the Colorado cases to see whether it would have any bearing on his client's case. In a letter responding to criticism about not pursuing federal charges against Gartrell, Adolf and Johnson, Eid wrote, “It would have been disgraceful for me or any other prosecutor to charge someone for a crime he didn’t commit. ... There was no probable cause to support such a charge. To the extent you challenge my motives or those of the many investigating agents and career prosecutors who all reached this conclusion in this matter, you’re mistaken.”
Media coverage.
The story was reported by "The New York Times" and "The Washington Post" on August 27, 2008, as well as CNN's website.. The alleged plot was originally listed as the 15th story on the CNN website and was not posted on the MSNBC site at all. The story was also unreported by "ABC World News", "NBC Nightly News", "CBS Evening News" and "PBS NewsHour".
Troy Eid wrote an opinion piece saying the story was blown out of proportion by the blogosphere, and that legitimate newspapers reported on rumors and allegations in response to the blogs. Eid said he was "hounded" by countless bloggers about the story and accused of "racism and worse" for not charging the trio with threatening a presidential candidate. He said the situation was characteristic of the way the mainstream media was changing in response to the Information Age."
Criminal charges.
Shawn Adolf was retained in prison on a $1 million bond for several outstanding warrants involving drug charges. He was initially charged with possession of a firearm by a prohibited person, possession of body armor by a violent felon and possession of methamphetamine with intent to distribute. On November 6, 2009, Adolf pleaded guilty to the firearm possession charge, and the other two charges were dropped. On February 5, 2010, Adolf was sentenced to 30 months in federal prison over the weapons charges; that sentence is concurrent with Adolf's subsequent sentence on March 15 to 10 years in Colorado state prison on unrelated robbery charges.
Nathan Johnson was charged with simple possession of methamphetamine and possession of a firearm by a convicted felon, and received a $10,000 bond at a bond hearing. Some media outlets said the low bond amount indicated authorities did not believe he was capable of assassinating Obama. On December 16, 2008, Johnson pleaded guilty to one count of possession of a weapon by a prohibited person. Johnson was released from the Englewood Federal Correctional Institution on March 4, 2010.
Tharin Gartrell was sentenced to 15 days in prison and six months in a halfway house for a charge of possessing methamphetamine on January 29, 2009. During his sentencing, District Judge Robert E. Blackburn said, "Frankly, Mr. Gartrell, it's time you grew up." Phil Ewing, Gartrell's best friend, said at the hearing that the entire case was a misunderstanding and said, "Now people are going to see him as a racist, and that is not him." Gartrell was released from federal custody on June 12, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19049487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049487" title="Lian Qian">
Lian Qian

Lian ("Jenifer") Qian (born 19 February 1983) is a female Chinese-born table tennis player who now represents the Dominican Republic.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, reaching the first round of the singles competition. She also competed in the team competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19049501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049501" title="Pilzno County">
Pilzno County

Pilzno County (Polish: "Powiat pilznenski") was an administrative unit of the Kingdom of Poland and later Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. It is unknown when it was established, probably some time in the 15th century. It was located in the southernmost corner of the Sandomierz Voivodeship and within its borders were such towns as Tarnów, Debica, Mielec, Kolbuszowa, Sedziszow Malopolski and Ropczyce. It ceased to exist in 1774, following the Partitions of Poland, when Austrian government moved its capital to Tarnow. 
In 1867, following territorial reorganization of Galicia, the Austrians created the Pilzno county again, and it existed until 1931, when government of the Second Polish Republic merged it with the Ropczyce County and moved the capital firstly to Ropczyce and then in 1936 to Debica.

</doc>
<doc id="19049504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049504" title="Rauno Mäkinen">
Rauno Mäkinen

Rauno Mäkinen (January 22, 1931, Pori – September 9, 2010) was a Finnish wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Mäkinen competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne where he received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "featherweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19049507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049507" title="Folk Songs of the Hills">
Folk Songs of the Hills

Folk Songs of the Hills is Merle Travis's classic collection of traditional songs from his native Muhlenberg County, Kentucky, including original compositions evoking working life on the railroads and in the coal mines. Each song, accompanied by Travis on his own acoustic guitar, is introduced by a short narrative. First issued as a 78 rpm box set album in 1947, this collection has remained in print in LP and CD reissues up to the present, with additional tracks from the same period added in later editions (the original album had 8 songs, the most recent edition has 13). This album is widely regarded as one of Travis' finest achievements. A seminal work in his career, it brought him fame as an interpreter of traditional American folk music, as a brilliant finger-style guitarist, and as a folk-inspired composer whose songs "Dark as a Dungeon" and "Sixteen Tons", included in all editions of this album, have become classics of folk, country and popular music.
History.
In 1944, Merle Travis moved to Hollywood, California, where he made a living by performing minor roles in a Western films and playing with Ray Whitley's Western Swing Band. At the time, Capitol A & R man and producer Lee Gillette was looking for a way to enter the rising market for traditional American folk music created by singers and musicians such as John Jacob Niles, Burl Ives, Josh White, Woody Guthrie, Lead Belly, and The Golden Gate Quartet. Travis was known for his broad repertoire of country standards and outstanding guitar playing. Gillette signed him to a recording contract in 1946 and asked him to record a series of folk and folk-inspired songs accompanying himself on an acoustic guitar (although he usually played a hollow-body electric). The recordings that resulted, taking place at two dates in August 1946, led to the eight titles that appeared in the original 78 rpm version of "Folk Songs of the Hills", one of the earliest examples of a concept album. Though a commercial flop at the time, the album was widely admired by musicians, and Travis was invited to preserve some of his performances in a series of Snader Transcriptions, an early form of music video, which can be viewed today on several internet sites and DVDs. In 1955, one song from the album, "Sixteen Tons", was recorded by Tennessee Ernie Ford and became a million-selling crossover hit. A number of other songs from the album, such as "Dark as a Dungeon", "John Henry" and "Nine-pound Hammer," entered Travis's regular repertoire and went on to become folk, country and bluegrass standards.
As the American folk music revival gathered steam in the 1950s, the album was reissued on LP with a new cover under the title "Back Home" (Capitol Records T-891, 1957), adding four more tracks from electrical transcriptions made earlier by Travis in the same style for radio broadcast. Its first appearance on CD was as a remastered reissue by Bear Family Records 1993, including all 12 songs in "Back Home", where it was coupled with the thematically related 1963 Capitol LP "Songs of the Coal Mines". The latest reissue to date is Capitol's own remastered CD of 1996 (Capitol Vintage 35810), reprising all songs of the previous reissues as well as a further track dating from the 1940s, "This World is Not My Home".
Track listing (1996 Capitol edition).
Only tracks 1-8 appeared on the original 1947 release "Folk Songs of the Hills".
Tracks 10-13 were added to the 1957 LP reissue "Back Home" and the subsequent Bear Family reissue "Folk Songs of the Hills (Back Home/Songs of the Coalmines)". Track 9 first appears on the 1996 Capitol reissue.

</doc>
<doc id="19049516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049516" title="Zhang Mo">
Zhang Mo

Zhang Mo (born 17 January 1989) is a female Chinese-born table tennis player who now represents Canada.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, reaching the third round of the singles competition.
She was born in Shijiazhuang, and resides in Ottawa.
With her win at the 2011 Pan American Games in Guadalajara, Mexico, she qualified for the London 2012 Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19049518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049518" title="Codex Basilensis A. N. IV. 2">
Codex Basilensis A. N. IV. 2

Codex Basilensis A. N. IV. 2, "Minuscule 1" (on the list of Gregory-Aland), δ 254 (in von Soden's numbering) and formerly designated by 1eap to distinguish it from minuscule 1rK (which previously used number 1) is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, usually dated palaeographically to the 12th century AD. It is written on 297 parchment leaves and contains the entire New Testament except the Book of Revelation.
The codex was prepared for liturgical use with marginalia (text's division), and has almost completely survived; it was used by Erasmus for his "Novum Instrumentum omne". The text of the manuscript has been cited in all critical editions of the Greek New Testament; in this codex, the text of the Gospels is more highly esteemed by scholars than that of the remaining New Testament books.
The codex is housed at the Basel University Library, with shelf number A. N. IV, 2 (earlier B. VI. 27).
Description.
The codex contains the entire New Testament (except of Book of Revelation) in the following order: the Gospels, the Acts of the Apostles and the General and Pauline epistles (Hebrews is the last book in Paul). The text is written in one column per page, 38 lines per page, on 297 parchment leaves (). It was originally accompanied by miniatures, which were stolen before 1860–1862 (except one before the Gospel of John, which remains). 
The dimensions of the text are . It was written on parchment continuously and without separation in elegant minuscule, furnished with breathings (spiritus asper and spiritus lenis) and accents, in Iota adscript. The initial letters are gilt, and on the first page of each Gospel the full stop is a large gilt ball.
The text is divided according to chapters (κεφαλαια) whose numbers are given at the margin, with their titles () at the top of the page. The text of the Gospels is divided according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (in Matthew 352, in Mark 236 with last numbered section in 16:12, in Luke 340, in John 227), but references to the Eusebian Canons are absent. The Book of Acts and the epistles have the Euthalian Apparatus.
It contains prolegomena, synaxaria (a list of saints), two types of lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical reading) and pictures (e.g. a portrait of John the Evangelist and Prochorus). The later type of liturgical notes, so called (only for Gospels) were added by a later hand (in red). The Gospel of Matthew has 116 αναγνωσεις, the Gospel of Mark – 70, the Gospel of Luke – 114, and the Gospel of John – 67 αναγνωσεις. In the 15th century, the later hand added Prolegomena.
The codex contains a scholion questioning the authenticity of Mark 16:9-20. The Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is placed after John 21:25.
Text.
In Aland's Profile, Kurt and Barbara Aland placed the codex's Gospels in Category III, meaning it has historical importance, with the profile of 1191, 802, 601/2, 69s. This means the text of the codex agrees with the Byzantine standard text 119 times, with the original text against the Byzantine 80 times, and with both the Byzantine and original text 60 times. There are 69 independent or distinctive readings in the Gospels. While the Gospels are a representative of the Caesarean text-type, the remainder of the books of the New Testament in this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type and falls into Category V, the lowest and least important in Aland's Profile.
It belongs to the textual Family 1 with manuscripts 118, 131 and 209. Classification in this textual family was supported by the Claremont Profile Method, but it examined with this method only in Luke 1, Luke 10 and Luke 20.
Johann Jakob Griesbach was the first who noted its similarities to the text of Origen's commentary to the Gospel of Matthew. According to Hort, its text preceded the byzantine text-type. 
Kirsopp Lake compared the text of the codex with the text of Stephanus and showed that in the sections comprising Matthew 1-10; Matthew 22–Mark 14; Luke 4-23; John 1-13 and 18, in this codex there are 2243 variants from the Textus Receptus. 
In Matthew 27:16, it has the well-known textual variant "Ιησουν τον Βαραββαν" ("Jesus Barabbas"). This variant also appears in the Codex Koridethi, Minuscule 700 and other members of the group "f"1.
History.
Textual critics and palaeographers like Johann Jakob Wettstein, Constantin von Tischendorf, Frederick Henry Ambrose Scrivener and Caspar René Gregory dated the manuscript to the 10th century. Henri Omont and Kirsopp Lake dated it to the 12th century, and Dean Burgon to the 12th or 13th century. It is dated by the Institute for New Testament Textual Research to the 12th century because the frequent occurrence of enlarged letters, rounded breathing marks, flourishes and ligatures seem to eliminate earlier dates.
The manuscript was presented to the monastery of the Preaching Friars by Cardinal Ragusio (1380–1443), general of the Dominicans. It was used by Desiderius Erasmus in the first edition of his "Novum Testamentum" (1516); as a result, some of its readings are found in the "Textus Receptus". Erasmus used this codex very little, because its text was different from other manuscripts with which he was acquainted. Oecolampadius and Gerbelius (Erasmus's sub-editors) insisted that he use more readings from this codex in his third edition; however, according to Erasmus the text of this codex was altered from the Latin manuscripts and had secondary value. Since 1559, it has been kept at the University of Basel, along with Codex Basilensis and minuscule 2 (GA). 
Johann Albrecht Bengel used several extracts from the codex, and Wettstein was the first who thoroughly examined it. According to him, in the Gospels its text agrees with the most ancient codices and patristic quotations; therefore, he called it number one. In 1751 he changed his high opinion ("Novum Testamentum Græcum"), dating the codex to the 10th century. Wettstein collated this manuscript twice, with many errors; according to Samuel Prideaux Tregelles, his collation was incorrect in more than 1,200 readings. Leonard Hug supported Wettstein's last opinion that the codex was Latinisated. Tregelles and Roth again collated the text of this codex, and Tregelles noticed that this codex is textually close to minuscule 118. Dean Burgon noticed that codices 131 and 209 are also textually similar. This entire group was examined by Kirsopp Lake in 1902, and it was called "the Lake Group" (or Family 1). The text of the family was established on the basis of minuscule 1 (collates codex 1 with Minuscules 118, 131, and 209).
F. H. A. Scrivener (1813–1891) demonstrated that at least 22 verses of Erasmian text were derived from minuscule 1: 
The manuscript has been cited in all critical editions of the Greek New Testament and systematically cited in the third and fourth editions edited by United Bible Societies (UBS3 and UBS4) and 
Nestle-Aland's 26th and 27th editions (NA26 and NA27). In NA27, the codex is cited as a witness of the first order.

</doc>
