<doc id="18891693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891693" title="Constance Drexel">
Constance Drexel

Constance Drexel (ca. November 28, 1894 (disputed) – August 28, 1956), a naturalized United States citizen, and groundbreaking feature writer for U.S. newspapers, was indicted (but not tried or convicted) for treason in World War II for radio broadcasts from Berlin that extolled Nazi virtues. She had made a name for herself by claiming, falsely, that she was an heiress of the famous Drexel family of Philadelphia. Arrested in Vienna and jailed at war’s end by American troops, she was released and allowed to return to the United States to live. The U.S. Department of Justice eventually dismissed the treason charges against her because her broadcasts were not deemed “political in nature.”
Family and childhood.
Public references to Drexel’s nation of origin and pedigree were contrary to privately recorded facts. As early as 1915 (in American press reports) and as late as the 1940s (in Nazi broadcasts), she was described as a member of the “famous Drexel family” of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, an apparent reference to the descendants of Francis Martin Drexel (who founded the Drexel & Company banking empire), including his son Anthony Joseph Drexel (who founded Drexel University in Philadelphia) and his granddaughter Saint Katharine Drexel. Yet by all accounts, including the one provided by Constance Drexel to the Bureau of Investigation in 1918, she was born in Germany late in the 19th century (many decades after Francis Drexel emigrated from Europe to Philadelphia in 1817). After she began broadcasting from Nazi Germany during wartime, at least one American syndicated columnist speculated that “Drexel” was a pseudonym.
Published information regarding her age and date of birth is also wildly inconsistent. Historian John Carver Edwards has concluded that Constance Drexel was born in Darmstadt, Germany, on November 28, 1894, to Theodore Drexel, scion of a wealthy family in Frankfurt, Germany, and Zelda Audemar Drexel, daughter of a prominent Swiss watch manufacturer, and was brought to the United States by her father the following year. However, all five of the ship manifests in Ellis Island records documenting her re-entry into the Port of New York between 1905 and 1923 state her age as if she were born in the 1880s. A U.S. Department of Justice internal memorandum prepared in 1946 described her birth date as November 24, 1884. 
Drexel became a United States citizen upon her father’s naturalization in 1899. She reported to the FBI in 1918 that she had a sister named Norma Georgia Drexel, then living in Switzerland. Constance grew up not in Philadelphia, but in Roslindale, Massachusetts, where she attended public schools. “As an adolescent she divided her time between the United States and Europe, attending school in four different countries and honing her skills as a writer,” completing her education at the Sorbonne in Paris, France.
World War I.
Miss Drexel first received national publicity in early 1915, when American newspapers began to report that “Philadelphia Heiress” Constance Drexel had volunteered briefly as a Red Cross nurse near the front lines in France in the early months of World War I, and reported on her experiences. She became active nationally and internationally in the International Woman’s Congress, which met at The Hague in the neutral Netherlands, in April 1915. When she agreed to write dispatches regarding the Congress for American newspapers to publish, her career as a professional journalist began. She soon joined the staff of the "Philadelphia Public Ledger".
When her stories expanded to include not just her experiences but also her opinions, reactions were mixed. In one such article, she wrote “one must realize that an increase in horrors hastens the end of the war; so in the long run it’s the most humane thing to have no relief funds or nurses. That’s why I left the Red Cross.” A "Chicago Herald" editorial entitled “Horrible Logic” observed that her statement went far to confirm “that, when once moved to cruelty, women are infinitely more cruel than men.” In another column, she opined that “perhaps the greatest curse of war” was “the effect of the loss of men on women and on the race.” She explained that the most “harrowing sight in all of war-ridden Europe today” was “the spectacle of the young girls who must always live unmated, robbed of their birthright.” According to Edwards, “Her writings suggested an enthusiasm for Germany’s preparedness campaign, and especially women’s role in that effort.”
She also became involved in the women’s suffrage movement, and, in 1916, as a campaigner for the re-election of Woodrow Wilson.
After the United States declared war on the German Empire, she attempted to return to Europe with the announced purpose of visiting her ailing sister in Switzerland, but a complaint from a colleague at the "Public Ledger" who alleged she had made pro-German comments led to an federal investigation. Her editors attested to her loyalty, but in part because of her German birth and her pacifism, the investigating agent concluded that she should not be permitted to use her passport.
Covering the Paris Conference, Congress and the League of Nations.
She returned to Europe soon after the end of the war, first to cover the Paris Peace Conference and then to cover and participate in the conference of the International Conference of Women and International Woman Suffrage Alliance (which succeeded in obtaining a woman’s equality clause in the Covenant of the League of Nations).
Returning to the United States, she covered the suffrage campaign, and when women won the right to vote, she became one of Capitol Hill’s few women political correspondents.
Her readership peaked in the 1920s, when her columns on the status of women around the world, and interviews with world leaders, were published in many newspapers, including not only the "Public Ledger" but also the "Chicago Tribune", "New York Times", and members of the McClure Syndicate.
Interest in Nazi Germany.
By the early 1930s she achieved a “growing stature among the press corps and certain political circles,” on issues such as international arms control and world peace. Ironically, her interest in those issues did not prevent her from becoming enamored with the rise of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi movement in Germany. Edwards concluded that she liked Hitler because she was impressed by his support for other aspects of her “reform agenda,″ including a greater role for women, the eradication of a parasitic social elite, welfare legislation for minors, and social hygiene regulatory laws. “Drexel eagerly anticipated visits to the new Reich, and on several of these working holidays the Propaganda Ministry awarded her writing assignments.”
In 1938, she became employed in Philadelphia in the Works Progress Administration (WPA) Federal Writers' Project and, later, as an instructor of French on the WPA Education Project, when her writing made at least one journalist question whether she had already become a Nazi propagandist.
Berlin-based correspondent.
Drexel returned to Germany in 1939, officially to care for her ailing mother in Wiesbaden, Germany, but travelling at the expense of the German government. In the months leading to Hitler’s invasion of Poland in September 1939, Drexel wrote feature stories for American newspapers that were ostensibly about the home life of ordinary Germans, but that consistently reflected positively on the Nazi regime and negatively on its future adversaries. For example, six weeks before the outbreak of war, she wrote in the "Oakland Tribune" that the annexation of Austria had prevented the Viennese population from starving; even though this was “rendered more difficult by the United States sudden boycott of manufactured goods from the annexed territories . . . now that the peculiar genius of the North Germans for organization and efficient administration is in full play under the new regime, this and other problems with which they are harassed are being overcome.”
For a few months after World War II began, she wrote more feature articles about life in Germany that appeared in the "New York Times".
But by that stage of her career, her colleagues in the American press corps had little respect for the quality or integrity of her work. One American network hired her at the beginning of the war, but dropped her almost at once. She had constantly pestered Berlin-based CBS radio correspondent William L. Shirer for a job, but as he later explained, he had considered her “the worst broadcaster I ever heard.”
In 1940, she began broadcasting on Nazi-controlled shortwave radio channels. She was introduced to listeners as a “world-renowned journalist and a member of the famous Drexel family of Philadelphia.” According to M. Williams Fuller, “sounding like a grand dame with a stuffy nose, she described Germany as a cornucopia – a land of plenty destined for a glorious future. Her broadcasts concluded with titillating accounts of Germany’s art exhibits, concerts, food surplus, haute couture and world-class entertainment.” Shirer’s September 26, 1940 entry in his ""Berlin Diary"" notes that “the Nazis hire her, as far as I can find out, principally because she’s the only woman in town who will sell her American accent to them.”
When applying (through Swiss authorities) for an extension of her U.S. passport in November 1942, she stated that "in speaking for the German radio, I am following my own ideas; I am not speaker about political or military matters but reporting cultural activities such as activities in the theatre, music and the film." 
Drexel soon fell from grace among her new colleagues, and top Nazis began avoiding her. Long after the war, it was reported that she had committed a faux pas while attending a reception for Nazi Party leaders. “On being introduced to a beautiful young German woman, Drexel blurted: ‘oh, you are the girlfriend of Adolf Hitler!’” As Propaganda Ministry official Inge Doman later testified in the treason trial of Mildred Gillars, known as “Axis Sally”, Doman warned Gillars that “you’d do well to keep your distance from that Drexel woman. She’s a pest and a crackpot.”
Indictment, arrest, and release.
On October 1, 1942, President Franklin D. Roosevelt sent a memo to U.S. Attorney General Francis Biddle that stated in part, "There are a number of Americans in Europe who are aiding Hitler et al on the radio. Why should we not proceed to indict them for treason even though we might not be able to try them until after the war?" A Federal Bureau of Investigation review of excerpts of such broadcasts stated that Drexel was attempting to show that the war had not lowered the morale of the German people in an effort to discourage the American people from continuing with the war effort. In July 1943, the United States Department of Justice filed treason charges against Drexel and seven other United States citizens who had been broadcasting from Axis-controlled radio stations. On August 17, 1945, over three months after the war in Europe had ended, she was arrested in Vienna by American forces after she revealed her identity to a Stars and Stripes reporter on a walk behind the Vienna City Hall. Wearing an American flag lapel pin, she claimed she had always been a loyal citizen, and had only broadcast on cultural questions. At the time of her arrest, her age was listed as 60 (in one newspaper) and almost 70 (in another).
Drexel was detained for over a year before she was transferred to Ellis Island in New York Harbor, pending an October 1946 hearing by a board of inquiry of the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service, on her eligibility to re-enter the United States. On October 3, 1946, the board decided that she had not forfeited her citizenship, and allowed her to re-enter the country.
At the time of her release and re-entry, the United States Department of Justice said that her prosecution on the treason charges was no longer contemplated because lawyers who went to Germany to seek further evidence against her failed to uncover any. An internal Department of Justice memorandum dated June 14, 1946 repeats information from the Office of Strategic Services that she "was stranded in Germany and since she needed money she found a job with the American Propaganda Section of the Reichrundfunk," but that her twice-weekly broadcasts dealt "mainly with women, children, and the beauties of the German landscape." The memo recommended taking no further action against her. But Walter Winchell and others were still urging prosecution and stiff sentences for the Berlin broadcasters. When the charges were formally dropped on April 14, 1948, the investigators explained that none of Drexel’s broadcasts was “political in nature.”
Death.
Drexel died in Waterbury, Connecticut, on August 28, 1956. She collapsed at the home of a cousin before leaving on the first leg of a trip to Geneva, Switzerland, where she intended to move. The obituaries listed her age as 68 (which, if correct, would mean that she was born in 1888 or 1889).
Culture.
A character in the screenplay written in part by John Steinbeck, for a 1944 movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock, has much in common with Drexel. One of the nine occupants of namesake of the movie "Lifeboat" is Constance Porter, a worldwide news correspondent who is fluent in German, unclear in her loyalties, and who uses a blue-blooded style to mask her blue-collar origins.

</doc>
<doc id="18891694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891694" title="SNCASE SE.100">
SNCASE SE.100

The SNCASE SE 100 was a French two-seat, twin-engined fighter which first flew in 1939. Mass production was planned to begin late in 1940 but the Fall of France prevented this.
Design and development.
The origins of the SE.100 predate the creation of the SNCASE (Sud-Est) company in the nationalisations of 1937. It was designed by Pierre Mercier and Jacques Lecarme at Lioré et Olivier, initially designed the LeO 50. Underpowered by two Gnome-Rhône 14M engines, the design was recast to use the more powerful Gnome-Rhône 14N-20 and -21 engines, the same used in the Lioré et Olivier LeO 451 bomber, and renamed the SE.100. The aircraft was of conventional all-metal construction, mid-wing layout. As with most French twin-engined aircraft of the era, the engines were handed, one airscrew rotating clockwise and the other anti-clockwise, to minimise torque. The aircraft had a twin tail. In production models it was planned to redesign the wing to use components from the LeO 451 wing to ease production. The fuselage was short in appearance, with a long nose and a very short tail, the cockpit being connected to the gunner's position aft by a windowed corridor. The undercarriage was of the nosewheel type, rarely used in French aircraft of the 1930s, with the aft wheels were fitted right aft, retracting into the tail rather than the wings or engine nacelles as was conventional. The aircraft was fitted with four Hispano-Suiza HS.404 20 mm cannon in the nose and one in the gunner's post.
The first prototype of the SE.100 flew on 29 March 1939 at Argenteuil and a number of necessary changes were identified during the tests. It was destroyed in a crash on 5 April 1940. The aircraft proved to be around 100 km/h faster than the Potez 631, the French Air Force's current twin-engined fighter, and production was authorised.
While the tests were proceeding, a second prototype, incorporating the changes, the most obvious of which was the suppression of the windowed corridor in the fuselage and its replacement by additional fuel tanks, was being built. The armament was increased to six cannon in the nose, two in the gunner's post and one additional cannon in the floor of the gunner's post. As the second prototype was being built, the Citroën company was preparing to mass produce the aircraft at their Paris works, deliveries planned to begin late in 1940.
At least two paper variants were studied, the SE.101 powered by Pratt & Whitney Twin Wasp engines, and the SE.102 powered by a different version of the Gnome-Rhône 14N. The SE.500 and SE-800 were to have been a 12 passenger transport and a four-engined transport, respectively, derived from the SE-100.
References.
ISBN 978-2915030167

</doc>
<doc id="18891695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891695" title="Isoa Domolailai">
Isoa Domolailai

Isoa Ulago Domolailai (born Sigatoka, 13 January 1981) is a Fijian rugby union footballer. He plays as a lock.
Career.
He currently plays for Tarbes in France. Domolailai's first game for Fiji was on 10 November 2001, in a 10-66 loss to Italy. He missed the 2003 Rugby World Cup finals, due to an injury, but was selected again for the 2007 Rugby World Cup finals. He played, as a substitute, in the 12-55 loss to Australia, on 23 September 2007. He wasn't selected since then. Domolailai currently holds 13 caps for the Fijian Squad, having yet to score his first points.

</doc>
<doc id="18891701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891701" title="1973–74 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1973–74 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1973–74 campaign was a season of new beginnings for Huddersfield Town as they experienced life in the 3rd Division for the first time. The season was not spectacular as Town finished in 10th place, behind Halifax Town. At the end of the season, Ian Greaves resigned after 6 years as manager. The alarming slide down the Football League was temporarily halted, but the following season would see Town continue their perilous freefall to the basement of the Football League.
Review.
Following Town's second relegation in 2 seasons, Town had reached a division not seen by any previous Town team in their history. Town would visit 13 grounds for the first time in league football, although 4 of them had hosted Town in cup matches before. Town's start to the season was pretty mediocre with Town drawing 6 of their opening 12 games, losing only 2 of them, but it was a far cry from 1st Division football they were playing just 2 seasons earlier. The previous season's top scorer, Alan Gowling, continued with his goalscoring form scoring 24 goals in the league campaign.
Town eventually finished the season in a respectable 10th place with 47 points, 2 points behind local rivals Halifax Town. However, at the end of the season Ian Greaves resigned as manager of the side. He became Jimmy Armfield's assistant at Bolton Wanderers. The next season would see Town get even further down the league ladder, so even though Greaves had halted the slide, it was temporary, not permanent.

</doc>
<doc id="18891708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891708" title="Jarrod Lyle">
Jarrod Lyle

Jarrod Lyle (born 21 August 1981) is an Australian professional golfer who currently plays on the PGA Tour.
Personal life.
Lyle was born in Shepparton, Victoria, Australia. He got his start in golf at age six when he caddied for his father. He says teeing off in his first Australian tournament is his biggest thrill in golf. In 1999 at age 17, he was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia and was confined to his bed for nine months while undergoing chemotherapy treatments at the Royal Children's Hospital. It took another 12 months before he had the energy to walk a golf course again. He began a friendship during that time with PGA Tour member and fellow Australian Robert Allenby. He was diagnosed with a recurrence of the disease in March 2012.
Career.
Lyle turned professional in 2004. He played on the Nationwide Tour in 2006, finishing 18th on the money list and earning his PGA Tour card for 2007. He made only three top-25 finishes on the PGA Tour in 2007 and finished 164th on the money list and lost his Tour card. Back on the Nationwide Tour in 2008, he won twice, at the Mexican Open and the Knoxville Open. He finished 4th on the money list and earned his 2009 PGA Tour card.
Lyle has also played on the PGA Tour of Australasia, where he was ninth on the 2006 money list with almost $200,000 in prize money.
Lyle scored a hole-in-one at the Waste Management Phoenix Open in 2011 on the par-3 16th 'Stadium Hole' winning $25,000 for a charity of his choice. This was the first hole-in-one on the 16th in the Phoenix Open for nine years.
After his second remission, Lyle made a comeback at the 2013 Talisker Masters.
Team appearances.
Amateur

</doc>
<doc id="18891725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891725" title="Natallia Mikhnevich">
Natallia Mikhnevich

Natallia Mikhnevich (, née , Kharaneka; born May 25, 1982 in Nevinnomyssk, Russian SFSR) is a Belarusian shot putter.
She finished third at the 2000 World Junior Championships, but first appeared on the international athletics scene at the 2004 Olympics, where she finished 5th. She repeated this position at the World Athletics Final later that year, and in 2005 she was able to win the bronze medal in this meet. In 2006 she won the World Indoor Championships in Russia with a new personal best throw (indoor) of 19.84 metres.
She won a silver medal in Women's shot put at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Her outdoor personal best is 20.70 metres, achieved in July 2008 in Grodno.
Since March 2007 she is married to Belarusian shot putter Andrei Mikhnevich.

</doc>
<doc id="18891728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891728" title="Code golf">
Code golf

Code golf is a type of recreational computer programming competition in which participants strive to achieve the shortest possible code that implements a certain algorithm. Such tournaments may also be named with the programming language used (for example "Perl golf").
History.
Whilst the term was apparently first used in 1999 with Perl, and later popularised through the use of Perl to write a program that performed RSA encryption, similar informal competition was known to have been popular with earlier APL hackers and probably others. Today the term has grown to be applied to a wide variety of languages.
Etymology.
The term is derived from the similarity of its scoring system with that of conventional golf - i.e.: participants seek to achieve the lowest possible score, rather than the highest as is the standard in most sports' scoring systems.
Languages designed specifically for golfing.
Several new languages have been created specifically with code golfing in mind. The most well-known examples are Golfscript and Flogscript, both stack-based Turing-complete languages which provide powerful constructs for concisely expressing ideas in code. Binary Lambda Calculus was designed to make Algorithmic Information Theory
more concrete, but ends up serving the same purpose.
Types of code golf.
Some code golf questions, such as those posed on general programming sites, may not require implementation in a specific programming language. However, this limits the style of problems that it is possible for the problem designers to pose (for example, by limiting the use of certain language features). In addition, the creation of such 'open' questions has resulted in the design of code golf specific programming language dialects such as REBMU (a dialect of REBOL). Both online and live competitions may also include time limits.

</doc>
<doc id="18891729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891729" title="The London Clinic">
The London Clinic

The London Clinic is a private healthcare organisation based in central London. Although it maintains several consulting rooms in the traditional doctors' street of Harley Street, the main hospital site is on the corner of Devonshire Place and the Marylebone Road. One of its main buildings is the cancer centre, which provides diagnosis and treatment for all types of cancer. 
It was established in 1932 by a group of Harley Street doctors.
The London Clinic is a registered charity in the United Kingdom. In 2006 it had a gross income of £75million, making it one of the 100 largest charities in the UK.
The London Clinic is not currently surveyed and accredited by a recognised holistic international healthcare accreditation scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="18891739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891739" title="Yarianna Martínez">
Yarianna Martínez

Yarianna Martínez Iglesias (born 20 September 1984 in Pinar del Río) is a female triple jumper from Cuba. Her personal best jump is , achieved in February 2011 in Havana.
Career.
She won the silver medal at the 2002 World Junior Championships, the gold medal at the 2005 Central American and Caribbean Championships and the bronze medal at the 2007 Universiade. She also competed at the 2007 World Championships and the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18891756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891756" title="Olga Kapranova">
Olga Kapranova

Olga Sergeyevna Kapranova (; born 6 December 1987) is a Russian retired rhythmic gymnast. She is the 2005 World All-around champion, the 2007 World All-around bronze medalist, the 2008 European All-around bronze medalist, the 2007 World Cup Final All-around champion, the (2007, 2008) Grand Prix Final All-around champion, (2004, 2006) Prix Final All-around silver medalist and 2005 Grand Prix Final All-around bronze medalist.
Career.
Kapranova first took up the sport of rhythmic gymnastics in 1993 and trained with Elena Nefedova. In 2002 she started to train with Irina Viner, who has coached other stars of the sport, including Yana Batyrshina, Alina Kabaeva.
Kapranova began competing internationally in 2003. She finished fourth in the All-Around at the World Cup in Zaragoza and won a team medal at the World Championships in Budapest.
2004 was a good year for Kapranova but she was unable to make the Olympics, with the two places going to Irina Tchachina and Alina Kabaeva. After their retirements, she became one of Russia's top gymnasts. In 2005 she won the individual all-around title at the World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships held in Baku, Azerbaijan.
In 2006, Kapranova won silver in all-around at the 2006 Grand Prix Final and another silver medal in clubs at the World Cup Final in Mie. She earned a number of medals in the World Cup series in 2007 and 2008, won the Grand Prix Final in 2007 and 2008, and took the bronze medal in All-around at the 2007 World championships behind teammate Vera Sessina. At the 2007 Summer Universiade she won the silver medal in all-around behind Anna Bessonova.
In the 2008 Olympic season, Kapranova won the bronze medal in all-around at the 2008 European Championships behind silver medalist Anna Bessonova and with rising star teammate Evgenia Kanaeva taking the gold medal. She was selected to compete in the 2008 Summer Olympics after beating Vera Sessina to take the second spot in the Russian team, along with Evgenia Kanaeva. She was ranked second in the qualifications and finished fourth in the Women's Individual event finals.
Kapranova competed at the 2009 World Championships in Mie, Japan and won the team gold medal with Evgenia Kanaeva, Daria Kondakova and Daria Dmitrieva. She retired from competition at the end of the 2009 season.
Personal life.
Kapranova has an elder sister, Ekaterina, who is also a former rhythmic gymnast.

</doc>
<doc id="18891761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891761" title="Liliya Kulyk">
Liliya Kulyk

Liliya Kulyk (born 27 January 1987) is a Ukrainian triple jumper.
She won the bronze medal at the 2006 World Junior Championships. This was the first time she broke the 14-metre barrier, with a 14.01 jump. She improved further to 14.39 metres when she won the 2007 European U23 Championships. At the 2009 European U23 Championships she took the bronze medal. She also competed at the 2008 Olympic Games, the 2009 World Championships and the 2010 World Indoor Championships without reaching the final.
Her personal best jump is still 14.39 metres, achieved in July 2007 in Debrecen.

</doc>
<doc id="18891763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891763" title="Palatoquadrate">
Palatoquadrate

In some fishes, the palatoquadrate is the dorsal component of the mandibular arch, the ventral one being Meckel's cartilage.

</doc>
<doc id="18891769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891769" title="Dix National Forest">
Dix National Forest

Dix National Forest was established in New Jersey by the U.S. Forest Service on April 10, 1925 with from part of the Fort Dix Military Reservation. On April 6, 1928 the executive order for its creation was rescinded and the forest was abolished.

</doc>
<doc id="18891774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891774" title="Svitlana Mamyeyeva">
Svitlana Mamyeyeva

Svitlana Mamyeyeva, Ukr. Світлана Мамєєва (born 19 April 1982) is a Ukrainian triple jumper.
She competed at the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
Her personal best jump is 14.26 metres, achieved in July 2008 in Kiev.

</doc>
<doc id="18891783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891783" title="Museum of the Apopkans">
Museum of the Apopkans

The Museum of the Apopkans is located at 122 East Fifth Street, Apopka, Florida. It contains exhibits depicting the history of Apopka and Northwest Orange County and is run by the Apopka Historical Society.
Accomplishments.
The Apopka Historical Society, with many prominent community members, has been principal in obtaining historical status to many homes in the community. The Sydonie Mansion in Zellwood, being one home receiving special recognition for restoration by the State of Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="18891784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891784" title="Irina Litvinenko Ektova">
Irina Litvinenko Ektova

Irina Ektova (née Litvinenko; born 8 January 1987 in Petropavlovsk) is a Kazakhstani triple jumper. She is married to Yevgeniy Ektov.
She competed at the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final. She also competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Her personal best jump is 14.33 metres, achieved in June 2008 in Bangkok.

</doc>
<doc id="18891789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891789" title="Stade Maurice Trélut">
Stade Maurice Trélut

Stade Maurice Trélut is part of the Tarbes sports complex in Tarbes, France. It comprises a main stadium with a capacity of 16,400 of which 12,000 places are seated. The main stadium is mostly used by the Tarbes French Rugby Union team, Tarbes Pyrénées Rugby who play in the French ProD2 league. The rugby stadium is made up of one large all-seater stand (Main stand) which houses club facilities, plus two other seated stands and one area of terracing.
Also on the site is a smaller stadium which hosts the Tarbes Pyrénées Football home games with a capacity of 3000. This smaller venue is a single stand stadium with the remaining three sides restricted to standing areas. The stand seats 1200 people and also contains the football club facilities. 
Also found in the complex are extensive all-weather training pitches, an indoor sports hall, tennis courts, social club buildings and parking areas.
The stadium was named for a mayor of Tarbes, Maurice Trelut (1935–1944) who played for the rugby club Stadoceste Tarbais.

</doc>
<doc id="18891791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891791" title="Gisele de Oliveira">
Gisele de Oliveira

Gisele Lima de Oliveira (born 1 August 1980) is a Brazilian triple jumper.
Career.
She finished eighth in the 2008 World Athletics Final, and also competed at the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
Her personal best jump is 14.28 metres, achieved in April 2008 in São Paulo. She also has 6.66 metres in the long jump, achieved in May 2008 in Cochabamba.

</doc>
<doc id="18891795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891795" title="DRG Class E 77">
DRG Class E 77

The German DRG Class E 77 was a Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft electric locomotive class, which was ordered in 1923 and entered service in 1924. The 56 units of this class were specifically intended for the Halle (Saale) - Leipzig line and for routes in southern Germany.
Pre-war period.
The E 77 had been designated a light multi-purpose locomotive within DRG's first classification programme. Later it was mainly used on freight trains. 
The engines were delivered by BMAG, Krauss and LHW and had originally still held the State Railways' Class EG 3 title with numbers 22 001 through 031 (Bavarian) or EG 701 to 725 (Prussian). BMS delivered the electrical parts. 
In service, the E 77 distinguished itself with a rather limited result. One was never really satisfied with its running abilities. Moreover, there were often problems due to the many flexible electric cables. During World War II all engines ended at the "Reichsbahndirektionen" Halle und Hanover in exchange for Class E 75.
Post-war period.
At the end of the war, 53 locomotives were left. 42 thereof, as well as parts of engines E 77 02, 09, 19, 28, 56, 67, 71 and 73, which had been taken out of service due to damages, were ceded to the Soviet Union as reparations. E 77 06 and 51 were so heavily damaged that their scrapping in Leipzig was authorized in 1947/48. Nothing is known of E 77 64's post-war fate. In 1952/53, 38 of the reparations locomotives (not E 77 05, 58 and 75) were returned into DR's stock. Of them, only 10 units with numbers E 77 03, 10, 14, 15, 18, 24, 25, 30, 52 and 53 were repaired past 1955. The others were scrapped only in the 1960s. When sufficient numbers of new elektric lovomotives were available, Class E 77 was retired and save for E 77 10, all units were scrapped as well until late in 1966. For a few years, E 77 10 still served as a switch heating engine at Halle central station and was then converted to a heritage locomotive at the Dresden railway works, whereby it was almost restored to its prior state.
Technical data.
Save for the first series of Prussian locomotives (EG 701 - 713, later E 77 51 to 77 63), all engines had originally had cowl doors. At the reinstatement by DR though, those were dropped. The trailer axles of the threepartite linked locomotives were at first embedded steeply and later flexibly, so that the wheel arrangement was changed from (1B)(B1) to (1'B)(B1'). But even after this conversion they were not yet satisfied with the engines' smoothness.
The work schedule featured the following transportation services:
The locomotives had 15 permanent running steps.
Preserved locomotives.
Of the 56 exemplaries built in total, one unit has been preserved. E 77 10 is nowadays based at the Dresden Transport Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18891796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891796" title="Paris Underground (film)">
Paris Underground (film)

Paris Underground, also known as Madame Pimpernel (1945) is a film directed by Gregory Ratoff, and based on the book by Etta Shiber.
The film stars Constance Bennett and Gracie Fields as an American and an Englishwoman trapped in Paris when Nazi Germany invades in 1940, who rescue British airmen shot down in France and help them escape across the English Channel.
The film was nominated for Academy Award for Best Original Score for Alexandre Tansman's score (one of 21 nominations that year).

</doc>
<doc id="18891814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891814" title="Rebecca Soumeru">
Rebecca Soumeru

Rebecca Soumeru (born December 22, 1981 in Steinheim, Germany) is a Dutch softball player, who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
Soumeru played for Run '71 Oldenzaal, Macerata and since 2007 for Sparks Haarlem. She is a pitcher who bats left-handed and who throws right-handed. She competes for the Dutch national team since 2001. In 2002 and 2005 she was named the best pitcher of the Dutch Softball Hoofdklasse; in 2004 she was the MVP of the league. She was part of the Dutch team for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18891815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891815" title="Fussell v. Gregg">
Fussell v. Gregg

Fussell v. Gregg, , was an appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio regarding a bill in equity filed November 20, 1879, to establish the title of the plaintiff to, and recover the possession of, a certain tract of land in the County of Logan, in the State of Ohio, and for an account of rents and profits.
The court syllabus states:
The plaintiff insisted that the first and second sections of the Act of May 27, 1880, repeal by implication the third section of the Act of March 23, 1804. There is no ground for such a contention. It is most unreasonable to suppose that Congress intended, by doubtful inference, to repeal the salutary provision of § 4 of the act of 1804, which, in numerous enactments, it had cautiously preserved for a period of seventy-six years, and on which the titles to a vast domain rested.
The object of the first and second sections of the Act of May 27, 1880, was not to confer new rights, but to preserve rights already vested from impairment by any construction which might be placed on the Act of February 18, 1871, by which the unsurveyed and unsold lands in the Virginia Military District were ceded to the State of Ohio. But it is enough to say that there is no inconsistency between the two enactments, one of which is said to repeal the other. There can therefore be no repeal by implication.
It followed that the plaintiff could derive no aid from any act of Congress passed since the first day of January 1852. On that day, all interest and estate of the heirs of Archibald Gordon in the lands covered by his entry recorded on January 1, 1823, and his survey recorded on November 6, 1824, ceased and determined. The plaintiff therefore has failed to make good her averment that she has an equitable estate in fee simple to the premises in controversy. She has therefore shown no right to the relief prayed by her bill.
The court found that it was immaterial whether the patent of Gregg under which the defendants claim was valid or void. The plaintiff, having no title, can have no relief against them. The defendants, being in possession, are entitled to retain possession until ousted by one who has the title. The decree of the circuit court, by which the bill was dismissed, was therefore right, and was affirmed.

</doc>
<doc id="18891822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891822" title="Shaun Cummings">
Shaun Cummings

Shaun Michael Cummings (born 25 February 1989) is a professional footballer who plays for Reading as a defender. Born in England, Cummings represents Jamaica at international level. 
Club career.
Born in Hammersmith, London, Cummings joined Chelsea's academy as a 12-year-old in 2002 and was the Blues' leading appearance-maker at reserve team level in the 2007–08 season, playing 18 games and scoring once. In August 2008, he joined League One team Milton Keynes Dons on an initial month's loan. His loan was extended until the end of the 2008–09 season in December. He made his debut for the Dons on 16 August 2008 against Northampton Town. He joined Championship team West Bromwich Albion on a month's loan on 17 August 2009, but remained at The Hawthorns for just two weeks before signing for Reading on a three-year contract for an undisclosed fee, reuniting with his Academy manager at Chelsea, Brendan Rodgers.
Cummings made his debut on 12 September against Doncaster Rovers but was unable to hold down a regular starting place, making just seven further appearances under Rodgers. With Reading struggling in the league, Rodgers was sacked in December and under his successor, Brian McDermott, Cummings did not make another appearance for the rest of the season. The 2010–11 season followed a similar pattern for Cummings with Andy Griffin preferred at right back. He made just 12 appearances during the season but did play an important role in Reading's 3–0 play-off semi final second leg win over Cardiff City, filling in on the right wing and earning plaudits for his performance. In August 2011 Cummings signed a one-year extension to his contract, keeping him with the club until June 2013. Despite again starting the season as backup to Griffin, an injury to the experienced defender allowed Cummings into team and a series of impressive performances saw him cement his place in the side. He made a total of 36 appearances during Reading's title-winning season as they returned to the Premier League with the tightest defence in the league.
With the signing of Chris Gunter in July 2012 Cummings again found himself out of the side for the start of the Premier League season. He returned to the team for the 3–2 League Cup win over Queens Park Rangers and played the next four games before Gunter reclaimed his place in the side. He signed a new two-and-a-half-year contract in December 2012, and a further run of games in December and January followed, before he again dropped out of the side after Stephen Kelly joined during the January transfer window. He did not appear again during the 2012–13 season under McDermott or his successor Nigel Adkins, with his last of eleven appearances coming on 5 January in the 3–1 FA Cup win over Crawley Town.
International career.
Despite being born in England, Cummings was provisionally called up to the Jamaica squad in May 2013 for three 2014 World Cup qualifying matches. He made his debut four months later on 6 September in a 0–0 draw away to Panama.

</doc>
<doc id="18891826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891826" title="Gita Dodova">
Gita Dodova

Gita Dodova (born May 2, 1982) is a Bulgarian triple jumper. She competed at the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final. Her personal best jump is 14.24 metres, achieved in July 2008 in Argos Orestiko.

</doc>
<doc id="18891830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891830" title="Dragoon National Forest">
Dragoon National Forest

Dragoon National Forest was established in Arizona on May 25, 1907, with . On July 1, 1908, it was combined with Santa Catalina National Forest and Santa Rita National Forest to create Coronado National Forest. The name was discontinued.
The forest included the Dragoon and Little Dragoon Mountains, two of the Madrean Sky Islands. The area is presently included in the Douglas Ranger District of Coronado National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="18891834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891834" title="Certificate in Investment Performance Measurement">
Certificate in Investment Performance Measurement

The Certificate in Investment Performance Measurement (CIPM) is an international professional accreditation in the field of investment performance analysis. It includes investment performance measurement and attribution. It is offered by the CIPM Association, a body associated with the CFA Institute.
Professional accreditation.
Historically, global investment firms have been subject to a diverse patchwork of international laws, regulations, and market customs that dictate how investment performance results can be measured and advertised. For example, the well-known warning that "past investment returns may not be predictive of future investment returns", has long been encouraged in advertisements for managed funds by regulators such as the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Recognising that there was likely to be continuous growth in the worldwide patchwork of regulation covering investment return calculations and advertising, the global investment management industry has agreed on a set of standards known as the GIPS (Global Investment Performance Standards).
The GIPS standards relate to the following issues:
Candidates for the CIPM qualification must adhere to the same body of professional ethics and professional conduct that has been devised for Chartered Financial Analysts by the CFA Institute. To obtain the Certificate, one must sequentially pass two examinations (known respectively as "Principles" and "Expert"). The content of each of these examinations includes 13% on ethics and professional standards. A certain level of practical experience is also required before obtaining the certificate. After obtaining the Certificate, Certificate-holders are required to engage in continuing education, and to file a Professional Conduct Statement (PCS) annually. Misconduct can render a certificate-holder liable to professional discipline.
Trademarks.
GIPS, CFA, and CIPM are registered trademarks of the CFA Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="18891840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891840" title="Beijing Youth Daily">
Beijing Youth Daily

The Beijing Youth Daily () is the official newspaper of the Communist Youth League committee in Beijing. It was established in March 1949, and is now published by the Beijing Youth Daily Publishing Company. It is Beijing's most widely circulated metropolitan newspaper.
"Beijing Youth Daily" has halted production three times in its history. It has been published continuously since 1981.
It is assigned the Chinese Issue Number () CN11-0103.
Publication.
The daily typically publishes about 50 broadsheet pages per day. In addition to its flagship "Beijing Youth Daily", the media group publishes nine other newspapers:
As well as four magazines:
History.
On December 22, 2004, Beijing Media Corporation, Ltd, under Beijing Youth Daily Holdings, listed its H-shares in Hong Kong, becoming the first Chinese mainland media group to be publicly traded overseas.

</doc>
<doc id="18891842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891842" title="Imogen Boorman">
Imogen Boorman

Imogen May Pratt Boorman (born 13 May 1971) is an English film actress and television actress. She is known for portraying Tiffany in the horror classic film , Lorina in Dreamchild, Clothhide in May to December, and Hannah Preston in Westbeach.
Educated at Benenden School in Kent, Boorman went on to attend the Kent Institute of Art and Design at Maidstone for a BTEC Foundation Diploma in General Art and Design.
She gave up her acting career in 1993. By then, she was accomplished in training Judo and started to train Jiu-Jitsu. She went on to make a prosperous career in Jiu-Jitsu competitions, from 1994 to 1999, and continues to train with the British Jiu-Jitsu team in Birmingham.
2009 arrest.
In August 2009, Boorman was arrested after she was found drunk in rainy conditions with a three-year-old girl who was dressed as a fairy. She pleaded guilty to "being in charge of a child and wilfully exposing the child in a manner likely to cause unnecessary suffering or injury while she was intoxicated with alcohol or drugs", and was given two years' probation and ordered to do 120 hours of community service.

</doc>
<doc id="18891843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891843" title="Henry Morris-Jones">
Henry Morris-Jones

Sir (John) Henry Morris-Jones MC, DL (2 November 1884 – 9 July 1972) was a Welsh doctor, soldier and Liberal, later Liberal National politician.
Early life, education and family.
Morris-Jones was born in the Caernarfonshire village of Waenfawr, the son of Captain Morris Jones and his wife Ann. He was educated at Menai Bridge Grammar School, Anglesey and St. Mungo’s College of Medicine in Glasgow. In 1931 he married Leila Paget-Marsland, a widow. They never had children.
Medical career.
Morris-Jones qualified as a doctor (LRFPS) in 1906 from Glasgow, gaining a further licence for surgery (LRCP&S) from Edinburgh, and was for twenty years a general practitioner in Colwyn Bay in North Wales. During the First World War, Morris-Jones served in the 2nd Battalion of the Worcestershire Regiment as a medical officer in France, during which time he was awarded the Military Cross. He was later granted the rank of honorary captain in the Royal Army Medical Corps. In 1915 he co-authored an article in the British Medical Journal with Hugh Lett, "Surgical Experiences at Wimereux, France" about his work at the Number 5, British Red Cross Hospital, also known as Lady Hadfield’s Hospital. He later served as Chairman of his division of the British Medical Association and of the Colwyn Bay Medical Society.
Politics.
Morris-Jones took an active part in the public life of the town of Colwyn Bay and the County of Denbigh. He was elected a member of Colwyn Bay Urban District Council, later becoming its Chairman. He was High Sheriff Designate of the County, 1929–30, and also served as a member of the County Council. In 1956 he received the honorary freedom of Colwyn Bay. He was also appointed a Deputy Lieutenant of Denbighshire and was a Justice of the Peace.
At the 1929 general election, Morris-Jones was nominated by the Llangollen Liberal Association to be the candidate for Denbigh and on 4 April he was selected by the local party to stand in succession to the sitting Member of Parliament (MP) Ellis William Davies who was resigning on grounds of ill-health. Morris-Jones had a straight fight against the 32 year old Conservative, Captain Alan Crosland Graham of Clwyd Hall, Ruthin, the political private secretary to Lord Balfour. The Liberal party improved its position nationally in 1929, going up from 40 to 59 seats and increasing its share of the vote by nearly 6%. However it did not make the breakthrough it had hoped for against the background of its ambitious and innovative policy programme of social, industrial and economic reform under the leadership of a reinvigorated Lloyd George. In this climate, and without a Labour opponent in Denbigh, Morris-Jones was able to increase the Liberal majority from 1,421 to 8,189.
Parliamentary interests.
While in Parliament, Morris-Jones took a particular interest in public health and agriculture both nationally and as they affected Denbighshire. He was an honorary Treasurer of the Parliamentary Medical Group from time of election in 1929 and was later appointed as a member of the Committee of Trustees set up under the MPs Pensions Act. In 1938 he was a member of a Parliamentary delegation participating in events to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the founding of Australia. While there he took part in discussions about the development of the Empire, measures to stimulate immigration to Australia and the promoting of Australian trade with the USA. More grimly, he was a member of a Parliamentary Delegation to Buchenwald concentration camp soon after its liberation in April 1945.
National Liberal.
In 1931 an economic crisis led to the formation of a National Government led by Labour prime minister Ramsay MacDonald and initially supported by the Conservative and Liberal parties. However the Liberals were increasingly divided over the issue of the National Government, particularly over the issue OF Free Trade. The official party led by Sir Herbert Samuel although agreeing to go into the 1931 general election supporting the government became more and more worried about the government’s stance on Free Trade and worried about the predominance of the Conservatives in the coalition. However a group of Liberal MPs led by Sir John Simon who were concerned to ensure the National Government had a wide cross-party base formed the Liberal National Party to more openly support MacDonald’s administration. Morris-Jones, who had been appalled at the economic record of the second Labour Government, joined this group and thereafter sat in the House of Commons as a Liberal National. At the 1931 general election, Morris-Jones was not opposed in Denbigh either by a Free Trade Liberal or Conservative candidate. Although bitterly opposed to MacDonald’s government, Labour did not stand a candidate either, presumably for tactical reasons. So on Friday 16 October Morris-Jones retained his Parliamentary seat as one of 65 MPs returned unopposed.
Liberal schism.
After the 1931 general election there was a period of uncertainty in Liberal Associations about the development of separate parties in local areas and Liberals of the official and National persuasion were often regarded by local members as legitimate representatives of Liberalism, despite their formal designations. There was a belief in both camps that the split was nominal and temporary. As late as 1934 the Liberal Magazine was asserting that ‘the Liberal Nationals are bound in the course of time to reunite with the normal Liberal Party’. This was not the case everywhere however and in Denbigh Morris-Jones faced criticism and some hostility from Liberals not willing to accept his defection to the Liberal Nationals. This became more pressing after the withdrawal of the official party under Samuel from the government when Liberals argued that it had become increasingly clear that the coalition was a National Government in name only and really a Conservative administration, dominated by the massive Conservative strength in Parliament.
Government office.
In 1932, Morris-Jones was appointed an Assistant Government Whip and he held that post until 1935. From 1935 to 1937 he was a Lord Commissioner of the Treasury. He was knighted in the prime minister’s list of the New Year’s Honours in January 1937. In May 1937 when Neville Chamberlain succeeded Stanley Baldwin as prime minister, Morris-Jones was offered the position of Chief Whip to the Liberal National group after the formation of the new government but preferred ‘for personal reasons’ to return to the backbenches.
1935 General Election.
As the prospect of another general election approached the Liberal Party policy of not opposing sitting Liberal National MPs came increasingly under threat, although many local parties did not have the resources to put up independent Liberal candidates against incumbent Liberal Nationals. However in Denbighshire there was a willingness to challenge Morris-Jones, who was seen more and more as a surrogate Tory. At a meeting of the Liberal Association there on 24 October 1935, as the prospect of a general election loomed, it was agreed to adopt John Cledwyn Davies, the Director of Education for Denbighshire and the Lloyd George coalition Liberal MP for Denbigh from 1922-23. Morris-Jones refused to stand down and the two members of the liberal family fought each other in the general election in November. The Conservatives supported Morris-Jones and the intervention of a Labour candidate helped take votes away from Davies. Across the country the Liberal National vote remained steady and Morris-Jones held the seat with a majority of over 5,000.
Independent MP.
For brief period during the Second World War, commencing in February 1942, Morris-Jones decided to leave the Liberal Nationals. One of his reasons for resigning from the Liberal Nationals may have been a desire to have the freedom to criticise the government over its prosecution of the war, including the need to place war production under the direction of a single minister which Morris-Jones had urged in 1941. In July 1942 he was signatory to a motion which while praising the armed forces indicated a lack of confidence in the government’s conduct of the war. It was later recorded that he had rejoined the official Liberals along with two other MPs, Leslie Hore-Belisha and Edgar Granville. However at the time Morris-Jones described himself as having become an Independent although his closeness to the official party was evident in his voting record and associations. Perhaps he was already thinking about post-war political alignments and wished to keep his options open. He must have been aware of the feeling that, as in the earlier split in the party between 1916 and 1923, Liberals of whatever stripe had a common Liberalism to bind them. In the end the political and electoral realities overcame the sense of Liberal family and Morris-Jones rejoined the Liberal Nationals in March 1943, presumably sensing or calculating it would be the safest way to enable him to continue as an MP.
Welsh political and public life.
In 1937 Morris-Jones was Honorary Treasurer and Honorary Secretary of the Reception Committee co-ordinating the Royal Visit to North Wales. As part of the coronation celebrations the King and Queen were to visit North Wales in July 1937. They were to open an extension to the National Library of Wales at Aberystwyth and make a ceremonial visit to Caernarfon Castle. At this time Lloyd George was Constable of the Caernarfon Castle and Morris-Jones was involved in discussion and debate with him and others about the arrangements for the visit and some bad-tempered exchanges took place over the choice of music for the royal programme which Lloyd George felt was not up to the dignity of the occasion.
In 1941-2, Morris-Jones served as Chairman of the Welsh Parliamentary Party. Liberal MPs from Wales had always regarded themselves as separate Parliamentary entity, certainly from as early as 1886. They saw their role as promoting distinctly Welsh causes and being the party of Welsh nationalism. This role diminished with the decline of Liberalism in Wales during the 20th century and establishment of Plaid Cymru in 1925 but there remained a sentiment at Westminster that Welsh parliamentarians should meet together in the interests of their country and the Welsh Parliamentary Party which Morris-Jones chaired was therefore an informal group of Welsh MPs from all parties which met occasionally from the mid-1930s to discuss issues affecting Wales and its relationship with Whitehall and Westminster.
In 1949 Morris-Jones put forward a Private Member's Bill to create the post of Secretary of State for Wales and Monmouthshire supported by a Parliamentary Under Secretary and a Department of State to be known as the Welsh Office for which he got a measure of cross-party support although it did not pass into law. Wales had to wait until 1951 for a dedicated minister, 1964 for its own Secretary of State and 1965 before the establishment of the Welsh Office. The National Assembly for Wales and the Welsh Assembly Government followed in 1999.
Morris-Jones was also a member of the Gorsedd, an association of poets, writers, musicians, artists and individuals who have made a significant and distinguished contribution to Welsh language, literature, and culture, under the Bardic title of Rhoslanydd. He also served as a member of the Governing Body of Representative Body of the Church in Wales between 1950 and 1962.
Liberal National after 1945.
At the 1945 general election Morris-Jones faced official Liberal and Labour opposition in Denbigh but was supported as the government candidate by the Conservatives. In a straight fight against either Liberal or Labour he might well have lost, given the huge anti-government swings recorded at that election. However with the opposition split, he held on with a majority of 4,922. Although he stood down as an MP at the 1950 general election, Morris-Jones thereafter remained loyal to the Liberal Nationals, or National Liberal Party as it became known after 1948. He served as Vice Chairman of the Executive of the National Liberal Party in 1952 and the following year (1953–54) he went on to be Chairman. The National Liberals again held Denbigh against split opposition in 1950, albeit with a reduced majority. It remained a National Liberal seat until 1959 when a Conservative candidate was put up, successfully retaining it. It then stayed Conservative until the constituency was abolished in 1983.
Standing down from Parliament.
Although he was 66 years old as the election approached, Morris-Jones’ decision to step down from Parliament at the 1950 general election may have been influenced by more than just advancing years. He was genuinely pessimistic about the future of the Liberal Party in Wales and the country at large. In a speech in Denbigh he said he doubted there would be more than 20 Independent Liberals in the next House of Commons. This is a slightly surprising number given that only 12 Liberal MPs had been elected in 1945, a drop of nine on the previous election and since then the party had been experiencing defections – Gwilym Lloyd-George was almost completely associated with the Conservatives by 1950 and Tom Horabin had taken the Labour whip. In fact the party continued to decline at the 1950 general election, making a net loss of three seats leaving then with only nine. Perhaps Morris-Jones also foresaw the final absorption of the National Liberals into the Conservative Party. The formal merger of the two parties had already taken place in 1948 and from then on, it was only a matter of time before any remaining genuinely Liberal element was subsumed by the overwhelming numbers and philosophy of the Conservatives, something which given his Liberal past and strong convictions, Morris-Jones may well have regretted. Although, as noted above, once outside Parliament he stuck with the National Liberals, perhaps in the hope of a peerage.
Morris-Jones and the National Health Service.
As a doctor, Morris-Jones took a keen interest in the legislation to set up the National Health Service (NHS). By and large he was not in favour, usually taking the side of the professional organisations in opposing measures to force doctors into the NHS. By 1948 he was much more closely aligned with the Conservatives and their thinking. That Morris-Jones was a man of traditional views in relation to medical matters can be deduced from his association with the campaign to prevent the sale of contraceptives from slot machines, as a ‘temptation to youth’.
An early indication of Morris-Jones’s misgivings over a national health scheme came in 1942 in the debate over the Beveridge Report. In a letter to The Times newspaper he predicted that the setting up of a full-time National Medical Service for the whole population would cut across the traditional relationship between the doctor and patient and would need a great popular mandate. The tone of Morris-Jones’s letter made it clear he did not approve of such a scheme and doubted whether it would ever work. Writing again to the Times on 15 March 1948, Morris-Jones identified with the concerns of many doctors about the powers to be conferred on the Minister of Health and with the doctors’ strong desire to retain their professional freedoms and their livelihoods as well as their fears that the new arrangements would bring about a deterioration in standards of medical and clinical service and professionalism. He ended by writing, “The mines can be nationalised; the art and science of medicine cannot be”. However, like the doctors, Morris-Jones eventually bowed to the inevitable. Even though there were many doctors who disliked the Act, Morris-Jones felt they had achieved a significant amount though negotiation and should therefore accept the government’s offer to join the NHS in July 1948. A further justification he made was that this should be done on behalf of patients who would otherwise suffer from a continuing fight between government and medical professionals.
A year after the introduction of the NHS, Morris-Jones was again writing to the Times to highlight what he saw as the decline in status of the General Practitioner, which he described as’ the first line of defence of our health service’. He believed that there was evidence to show that after a year of the NHS there had been a deterioration in the art of medicine as practiced by GPs, an expansion of their workload, an increase in bureaucracy, difficulties in seeing cases through and getting patients into hospitals.
Papers.
Morris-Jones’ papers are deposited in the Flintshire Record Office, which is located at The Old Rectory, Hawarden. The collection consists of papers between 1896 and 1965, including diaries, 1911–1918, 1925–1944; pocket diaries, 1912–1962; personal notebooks, 1950–1962; letters, 1923–1963, mainly from fellow MPs; parliamentary papers, 1941–1949 and 1963; miscellaneous papers, 1906–1965; papers relating to a parliamentary delegation to Buchenwald concentration camp, 1945; notes on his ancestors, 1896–1945; press cuttings and photographs relating to his career, 1927–1960; and copies, typescripts and material relating to his publications, including Doctor in the Whips' Room, 1915-1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18891847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891847" title="Santa Catalina National Forest">
Santa Catalina National Forest

Santa Catalina National Forest was established as the Santa Catalina Forest Reserve by the General Land Office in Arizona on July 2, 1902 with . After the transfer of federal forests to the U.S. Forest Service in 1905, it became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 it was combined with Dragoon National Forest and Santa Rita National Forest to create Coronado National Forest and the name was discontinued. 
The Santa Catalina Mountains are located northeast of Tucson and are part of the Santa Catalina Ranger District of Coronado National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="18891849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891849" title="Giuseppe Nirta (born 1913)">
Giuseppe Nirta (born 1913)

Giuseppe Nirta (San Luca, 1913 – March 19, 1995), was a historical boss of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organisation in Calabria. He hailed from San Luca in Calabria. Together with his brothers Antonio, Francesco and Sebastiano, he ruled the town, a stronghold of the 'Ndrangheta.
Nirta was one of the most important figures of the 'Ndrangheta. He is described as one of the senior members of the Calabrian "provincial commission". He was a member of the highest level of the clan, the "maggiore". Since the mid-1970s, according to several pentiti, members of the Nirta family the Piromalli 'ndrina from Gioia Tauro rotated among themselves the position of capo crimine.
He was arrested in September 1992, together with 33 others during Operation Aspromonte. Because of his advanced age he was granted house arrest. Before he could stand trial, however, he was killed on March 19, 1995 at his home in Bianco, with five bullets in the head.

</doc>
<doc id="18891851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891851" title="Znauri">
Znauri

Znauri (, "znauri" , "Znawyr") or Kornisi (, "q'ornisi") is an urban village of the Kareli district of Shida Kartli, in Georgia (or Znauri district of South Ossetia, partially recognized republic in the South Caucasus, formerly the South Ossetian Autonomous Oblast within the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic).
In Znauri, the woodworking and food industries are developed, and the following infrastructure facilities are present and operating: a library, hospital, pharmacy, preschool and school education.

</doc>
<doc id="18891855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891855" title="Santa Rita National Forest">
Santa Rita National Forest

Santa Rita National Forest was established as the Santa Rita Forest Reserve by the General Land Office in Arizona on April 11, 1902 with . After the transfer of federal forests to the U.S. Forest Service in 1905, it became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 it was combined with Santa Catalina National Forest and Dragoon National Forest to create Coronado National Forest and the name was discontinued.
The forest included the Santa Rita Mountains in Pima County and Santa Cruz County, and is presently part of the Nogales Ranger District of Coronado.

</doc>
<doc id="18891860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891860" title="Erica McLain">
Erica McLain

Erica McLain (born 24 January 1986 in Columbus, Ohio) is an American triple jumper.
As a junior athlete, she also competed in the long jump. She finished twelfth at the 2002 World Junior Championships and eighth at the 2003 World Youth Championships. In the triple jump she finished seventh at the 2003 World Youth Championships and eleventh at the 2004 World Junior Championships. She competed at the 2005 World Championships and the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
Her personal best jump is 14.15 metres, achieved in May 2007 in Palo Alto. She has 14.20 metres on the indoor track, achieved in March 2008 in Fayetteville.

</doc>
<doc id="18891866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891866" title="Nathalie Timmermans">
Nathalie Timmermans

Nathalie Timmermans (born July 21, 1989 in Oldenzaal, Overijssel) is a Dutch softball player, who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
Timmermans played for Run '71 Oldenzaal, Tex Town Tigers and since 2008 for Sparks Haarlem. She is a catcher and third baseman who bats and throws right-handed. She competes for the Dutch national team since 2007. That same year she was named the best batter of the Dutch Softball Hoofdklasse. She was part of the Dutch team for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18891874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891874" title="Durango National Forest">
Durango National Forest

Durango National Forest was established in Colorado on July 1, 1911 from a portion of San Juan National Forest with . On November 21, 1920 it was re-combined with San Juan and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18891883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891883" title="Athanasia Perra">
Athanasia Perra

Athanasia Perra (; born 2 February 1983 in Pyrgos) is a Greek triple jumper.
She finished tenth at the 2002 World Junior Championships. She also competed at the 2004 Olympic Games, the 2005 World Championships, the 2007 World Championships and the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final. 
She won the gold medal in the Mediterranean Games of Pescara with a personal best jump at 14.62 metres, in July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18891889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891889" title="Elkhorn National Forest">
Elkhorn National Forest

Elkhorn National Forest was established as the Elkhorn Forest Reserve in Montana on May 12, 1905 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 it was combined with Helena National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18891898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891898" title="Atomic Weapons Detection Recognition and Estimation of Yield">
Atomic Weapons Detection Recognition and Estimation of Yield

Atomic Weapons Detection Recognition and Estimation of Yield known by the acronym AWDREY was a desk-mounted automatic detection instrument, located at 13 of the 25 Royal Observer Corps (ROC) controls, across the United Kingdom, during the Cold War. The instruments would have detected any nuclear explosions and indicated the estimated size in megatons. 
With the display unit mounted in a steel cabinet, the system operated by measuring the level of electromagnetic pulse (EMP) generated by any nuclear explosion. The instruments were in operation 24/7/365 between 1955 and 1992 and tested daily by full-time ROC officers. 
AWDREY regularly reacted to the EMP from lightning strikes during thunderstorms. Additional AWDREY instruments were also installed at most of the Regional Government Headquarters (RGHQs) and at UKRAOC at RAF High Wycombe
Operations.
AWDREY was designed, built and maintained by the Atomic Weapons Establishment at Aldermaston. The design was tested for performance and accuracy using real nuclear explosions at the 1957 Kiritimati (or Christmas Island) nuclear weapon trials, after being mounted on board a ship. Although a single AWDREY unit could not differentiate between the EMP from a nuclear explosion and a lightning strike, the units were installed sufficiently far apart that a lightning strike would not simultaneously register on two adjacent AWDREYs.
The first two primary responsibilities of the United Kingdom Warning and Monitoring Organisation (UKWMO), for whom the ROC provided the field force were:
AWDREY was the principal method by which the UKWMO would achieve its second responsibility. Simultaneous responses on two or more AWDREY units would identify the explosion as a nuclear strike.
ROC post bomb detection instruments (see Bomb Power Indicator ) operated by recording the pressure of the blast wave from any nearby nuclear explosion. Any ultra-high-altitude nuclear explosion, designed to knock out the UK's communications and electronic equipment would not produce a detectable blast wave, and the AWDREY system was therefore the only method of identifying these bursts.
Installation.
The AWDREY installation consisted of three separate elements: the sensor, the detection unit and the display cabinet. The sensor was mounted on the roof of the building under a polycarbonate protective cover. The detection unit was installed in a special room that was enclosed inside a Faraday cage; in the case of the Royal Observer Corps controls, this was the "Radio Room" that already protected the sensitive radio equipment from the effects of EMP. 
The display unit (shown in the photograph above) could be mounted anywhere in the building – at ROC controls this was usually on the balcony adjacent to the Triangulation Team. The three elements of the installation were connected by EMP-shielded and heavy duty cabling.
During the early phase of operations, a spare observer was required to stand next to the display unit and monitor it constantly to identify initial responses. Once a nuclear strike on the UK had been confirmed by the Director UKWMO (or his deputy), readings from AWDREY were ignored during subsequent nuclear bursts within the attack, and the readings from ROC posts became the main method of detecting and identifying any subsequent near ground bursts.
The 13 ROC AWDREY units were located at the group controls in Exeter, Oxford, Horsham, Bristol, Colchester, Carmarthen, Shrewsbury, Coventry, Carlisle, York, Dundee, Inverness and Belfast. This siting pattern provided sufficient detectors that the entire UK was covered, but the units were far enough apart that a lightning storm would be unlikely to trigger simultaneous AWDREY responses at two sites.
Codeword.
Royal Observer Corps reports following a reading on AWDREY were prefixed with the codeword "TOCSIN BANG". The message would also include the three letter group identifier, followed by the time and yield reading from the AWDREY printout. E.g. ""TOCSIN BANG – CAR – 11.06 (hours) – 3 megatons"" (with CAR relating to Carlisle control).

</doc>
<doc id="18891906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891906" title="Walter Liddall">
Walter Liddall

Sir Walter Sydney Liddall CBE (2 March 1884–24 February 1963) was the Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Lincoln from 1931 to 1945.
Born in Boston, Lincolnshire, he was educated at De Aston Grammar School at Market Rasen. He was a local manager for the Scunthorpe Savings Bank and eventually became the chairman. Liddall died aged 78 in Scunthorpe.

</doc>
<doc id="18891907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891907" title="Rajah (disambiguation)">
Rajah (disambiguation)

__NOTOC__
Rajah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18891909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891909" title="Eustis National Forest">
Eustis National Forest

Eustis National Forest was established in Virginia by the U.S. Forest Service on April 10, 1925 with from part of the Fort Eustis Military Reservation. On December 2, 1927 the executive order for its creation was rescinded and the forest was abolished. 

</doc>
<doc id="18891911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891911" title="Antonio Nirta">
Antonio Nirta

Antonio Nirta (born April 22, 1919, in San Luca) is a boss of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organization in Calabria (Italy). Together with his brothers Giuseppe, Francesco and Sebastiano, he ruled San Luca, a stronghold of the 'Ndrangheta.
'Ndrangheta in San Luca.
The historical pre-eminence of the San Luca family within the 'Ndrangheta is such that every new group or "locale" must obtain its authorization to operate and every group belonging to the 'Ndrangheta "still has to deposit a small percentage of illicit proceeds to the "principale" of San Luca in recognition of the latter’s primordial supremacy." San Luca, in the words of a study published in 2005 by Italy's domestic intelligence service, is "the cradle of 'Ndrangheta and its epicentre".
Since the mid-1970s, according to several pentiti, members of the Nirta family from San Luca and the Piromalli family from Gioia Tauro rotated among themselves the position of capo crimine. Nirta and his brothers belonged to the high level of the organisation, the "maggiore".
Early criminal career.
In 1935, at the age of 16, Nirta was already charged for coercion with the use of arms. In 1953, authorities considered him a danger for public order and in 1967 he was charged with criminal association, extortion and attempted murder.
In October 1969, he participated in the infamous Montalto meeting near the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Polsi in the municipality of San Luca. The meeting was interrupted by the police, and was intended to discuss the future operation of the 'Ndrangheta and whether or not the organisation would back the Golpe Borghese, a planned right wing coup attempt by Junio Valerio Borghese, which fizzled out on the night of December 8, 1970. The Court in Locri sentenced Nirta to two years and seven months for criminal association because of his attendance of the meeting. 
Mafia mediator.
Antonio Nirta was also known as the "diplomat" of the clan, he mediated the peace between the De Stefano and the Imerti-Condello clans in the Second 'Ndrangheta war that raged from 1985-1991 and left some 600 dead. Nirta vouched for the De Stefanos, while Antonio Mammoliti vouched for the Imerti clan. He became a member of "La Provincia", a provincial commission of the 'Ndrangheta formed at the end of the war in September 1991, to avoid further internal conflicts. 
In 1993, the old patriarch Nirta again imposed a peace in the so-called San Luca feud – a war between the two clans Pelle-Vottari-Romeo and Strangio-Nirta from San Luca that had started in 1991 – with the help of the De Stefano clan from Reggio Calabria, which held for some time.
On August 8, 1993, Nirta was arrested in the small town of Benestare.

</doc>
<doc id="18891912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891912" title="Biljana Topić">
Biljana Topić

Biljana Topić née Mitrović, (, born on October 17, 1977 in Šabac, Yugoslavia, now Serbia) is a retired Serbian triple jumper.
Career.
Biljana competed at the 2008 Olympic Games where she was 4 centimetres short of making the 2008 Olympic final. She also appeared on two World Championships, one World Indoor Championship and two European Indoor Championships. Her best results were fourth places on 2009 World Championships and 2009 European Indoor Championships.
Both outdoor and indoor she is current holder of Serbian national records in Triple Jump with her personal best jumps.
Personal life.
Her husband is famous Serbian high jumper Dragutin Topić who is also her personal trainer.

</doc>
<doc id="18891917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891917" title="Jorge Garcés">
Jorge Garcés

Jorge Luis Garcés Rojas (born May 13, 1954 in Talca) is a Chilean football manager. His last team was Ñublense in the Chilean First Division.
Manager.
Garcés started his managerial career in 1989 with RFC Arquennes. In 1992, he won the Primera B Championship with Provincial Osorno.
Garcés joined Santiago Wanderers in 1999, getting promotion to First Division. In 2001, the team won the First Division championship, qualifying to the Copa Libertadores.
Following the resignation of Pedro García, manager of Chile national football team in 2001, Garcés was hired by the ANFP to coach the Chilean team, getting two defeats (Brazil 2–0 Chile, Colombia 3–1 Chile) and a draw (Chile 0–0 Ecuador).
O'Higgins hired Garcés for the 2007 Clausura, finishing second in the League Table. The club also reached the semi-finals. Garcés left the team in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18891921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891921" title="Rodney Moore (boxer)">
Rodney Moore (boxer)

Rodney Moore (born February 21, 1965) is an American boxer in the welter-/cruiser-weight class. He was born in Wilmington, North Carolina, but later moved with his family to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Initially wanting to become a policeman, he changed his mind upon graduating from the I.S.T. Academy (Institute of Security and Technology) to become a boxer instead. Moore then worked as a security officer at Pennsylvania Community College and a disc jockey in various Philadelphia clubs while undergoing training as a boxer in his spare time.
While he was gradually becoming a boxer he committed himself to charity and the community for which he already received several certificates and awards.
Moore has had about 45 amateur bouts of which he won 43 (22 by knock-out), an achievement that earned him the Pennsylvania State Golden Gloves championship and the Sugar Ray Leonard Golden Gloves championship.
He then turned professional and became a world class contender. His first professional fight in 1983 pitted him against Tyrone Trice, in which he suffered a defeat. But he defeated Ali Saad Muhammad in 1988 to win the State Junior Welterweight title. Moore went on to defeat former world champions Livingstone Bramble in 1993 and Miguel Santana in 1989, as well as 1984 Olympic Gold Medalist Jerry Page.
Moore had his first title shot against Charles Murray for the IBF World Junior Welterweight title, then another one against Frankie Randall for the WBA World Junior Welterweight title, and finally one against Felix Trinidad for the IBF World Welterweight Championship. All in all, he had 50 professional fights of which he won 38, drew 2 and knocked out 20 opponents.
Honors.
Moore was awarded the trophy for "Boxer of the Decade" in 1998 and officially awarded the title "King of the Blue Horizon" for having fought 21 times at the legendary Blue Horizon boxing hall. In 2004 he was inducted into the New Jersey Boxing Hall of Fame. Also in 2004, the Philadelphia City Council honored Moore for his boxing achievements as well as his work for the youth of Philadelphia. In 2005 he was selected into the "Middle Atlantic Boxing Outstanding Alumni" at the Middle Atlantic Boxing Association Annual Awards, and in 2007 he was inducted into the Pennsylvania Boxing Hall of Fame.
References.
- Additional Information about Rodney Moore:
[http://www.charityadvantage.com/fighttolearn/AboutRodneyMoore.asp]<br>
- Rodney Moore's boxing stats:
[http://www.boxrec.com/list_bouts.php?human_id=3991&cat=boxer]<br>
- Interview with Rodney Moore:
[http://www.brickcityboxing.com/index.php/a/2008/05/09/p2462]

</doc>
<doc id="18891926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891926" title="Jagdish Singh">
Jagdish Singh

Jagdish Singh is an Indian boxer and a boxing coach from Bhiwani district of the Indian state of Haryana. He founded the Bhiwani Boxing Club (BBC) in 2001, which produced four members of the five member boxing team in Beijing Olympics 2008, including the bronze medal winner, Vijender Singh.
The credit for turning Bhiwani into an elite boxing center largely goes to an intrepid Sports Authority of India coach Jagdish Singh, who has been at the center since 1996. He was awarded India's highest honour for sports coaching, the 2007 Dronacharya Award.
Career.
A former national boxer, Jagdish has "produced boxers like a factory", in a country of cricket crazy people. He is known for his unconventional training methods. Due to his no-compromise attitude, politics in committee kept him away from Beijing and from his quartet (Akhil, Jeetendar, Dinesh and Vijender). More than 1000's have graduated from his academy and have won nearly 161 medals at international arena and 312 national medals ranging in different competitions from world championship to Olympics. Currently there are 135 odd being trained. Boxers are encouraged to fight without chin guards, thus making them tough and skillful. Mittal Champions trust is also funding the boxers at his center for sometime now. 
In 2001, Singh established the 'Bhiwani Boxing Club' withdrawing his provident fund, mortgaging his home and land to obtain loan of 4 lakhs from Gramin bank. BBC has a 25 metre track, a multi-utility gym, three punching bags and a mobile boxing ring.
In the 2004 Athens Olympics, three out of the four qualifiers were from Bhiwani. Due to its record of producing competent boxers, Bhiwani is now being called the 'Cuba of India', with more than 10 per cent of the children in the district trying their hand at boxing. Singh received the 2007 Dronacharya Award (highest award conferred on coaches in India) from the Government of India on August 29, 2008. He had threatened not to accept this if none of his quartet went on to win a medal at the Beijing Olympics.
Olympics 2008.
Out of the five Indian boxers in 2008 Beijing Olympics, four have come out of his BBC academy. His wards include the three Indian boxers who have qualified for the quarterfinals at Beijing, viz., Akhil Kumar, Jitender Kumar and lastly Vijender Kumar, who eventually won a bronze medal at Beijing Olympics, India's first Boxing medal in the Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18891929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891929" title="Leesville High School">
Leesville High School

Leesville High School is a school located in Leesville, Louisiana, United States. The 9-12 school is a part of the Vernon Parish School Board.
Louisiana State Senator Gerald Long of Natchitoches taught social studies and coached at Leesville High School in the late 1960s.
School uniforms.
All students are required to wear school uniforms. needs to be updated
The uniforms consist of Khaki pants, shorts or skirts with polo shirts that are to be white or black. All students are to wear a belt and shirts must be tucked in. There are to be no logos on any of the clothes that are worn where they can be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="18891930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891930" title="Fish Lake National Forest">
Fish Lake National Forest

Fish Lake National Forest was established as the Fish Lake Forest Reserve by the General Land Office in Utah on February 10, 1899 with . After the transfer of federal forests to the U.S. Forest Service in 1905, it became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 Glenwood National Forest was added and the name was changed to Fishlake National Forest. 

</doc>
<doc id="18891937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891937" title="Jens Vogt">
Jens Vogt

Jens Theodor Paludan Vogt (23 September 1830 – 25 October 1892) was a Norwegian engineer and first director of Kristiania Sporveisselskab who operated the first tramway in Oslo.
He was the son of priest Niels Nielsen Vogt (1798–1869). He was a nephew of politicians Jørgen Herman Vogt and David Vogt, and a first cousin of Volrath Vogt and Nils Vogt. He grew up in Fiskum and studied at the Chalmers University of Technology in Gothenburg, Sweden. He also studied at the University of Hanover and at the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology before he was employed by the Norwegian Public Roads Administration in 1853. Vogt moved to Homansbyen in 1877. He married author Johanne Collett, and had the son Nils Collett Vogt—who became an important Norwegian poet.
Vogt travelled often abroad to study innovations in electrical tramways. In 1883, he visited London and Nantes. In the summer of 1885, he travelled to Antwerpen and co-founded the International Association of Public Transport. Trygve Poppe succeeded him as director of Kristiania Sporveisselskap on 1 January 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="18891942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891942" title="Aberlady, Gullane and North Berwick Railway">
Aberlady, Gullane and North Berwick Railway

The Aberlady, Gullane and North Berwick Railway was incorporated on 24 August 1893 as a route to promote North Berwick as a resort. It was connected to the Main Line at Longniddry.
History.
The line opened to Gullane on 1 April 1898 with the North British Railway taking over the line on 6 August 1900. The remaining section of the line to North Berwick was never constructed.
Current operations.
The line was closed to passengers on 12 September 1932, and totally on 15 June 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="18891943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891943" title="Glenwood National Forest">
Glenwood National Forest

Glenwood National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Utah on February 6, 1907 with . On July 1, 1908 Glenwood was transferred to Fishlake National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18891945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891945" title="Hardiman Cureton">
Hardiman Cureton

Hardiman Cureton (December 8, 1933 - October 1, 2003) is an American former player of Canadian football.
He played high school football for the Monrovia Wildcats. He played the tackle position.
Cureton was a dominant offensive guard and also played on the defensive line for three seasons (1953-54-55) on UCLA football teams that went 26-4 and captured three Pacific Coast Conference championships and participated in two Rose Bowls. During the 1954 national championship season, Cureton was named second-team All-Coast and honorable mention All-American. As a senior in 1955, Cureton became the Bruins' fifth-ever consensus first-team All-American as well as being named all-conference and team captain—the first African-American captain to lead a UCLA football team. In 1955, Cureton was selected to play in the Hula Bowl and later played for nine years in the Canadian Football League for Toronto, Ottawa and Hamilton.
Cureton was traded to Hamilton by Ottawa on August 15, 1960 for Angelo Mosca. Cureton had become a successful ice cream salesman in Toronto and had threatened legal action against the Rough Riders if they did not give him his release. With the trade, he was able to keep both his football job (in Hamilton) and his ice cream job.
Hardiman Cureton, OG 1956 Toronto Argonauts (CFL)
Hardiman Cureton, OG 1957 - 1959 Ottawa Rough Riders (CFL)
Hardiman Cureton, LB 1960 - 1964 Hamilton Tiger-Cats (CFL)

</doc>
<doc id="18891949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891949" title="Young Widder Brown">
Young Widder Brown

Young Widder Brown was a daytime radio drama series broadcast on NBC from 1938 to 1956. Sponsored by Sterling Drugs and Bayer Aspirin, it daily examined the life of "attractive Ellen Brown, with two fatherless children to support."
The convoluted storyline focused on the efforts of Ellen, in her early thirties, to bring up her two children in the small town of Simpsonville, West Virginia, where she supported herself by running a tearoom, despite continual tragedies in her life.
Produced by Frank and Anne Hummert, this soap opera series opened with the theme music "In the Gloaming" as rendered by organist John Winters. Heard in the title role during the 18-year run were Florence Freeman (1938–54) and Wendy Drew (1954–56). Ellen Brown was romanced by Peter Turner (Bud Collyer) and Anthony Loring (Ned Wever). Ellen's children were Janey (Marilyn Erskine) and Mark (Tommy Donnelly).
Directors for the series included Martha Atwell, Richard Leonard and Ed Slattery. The announcer was George Ansbro.

</doc>
<doc id="18891954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891954" title="Tommy Farrell">
Tommy Farrell

Tommy Farrell (October 7, 1921 – May 9, 2004) was an American supporting actor who appeared in over 80 films between 1944 and 1979, according to the Internet Movie Database. Sometimes he is credited as Tommie Farrell or Tom Farrell.
Career.
A native of Hollywood, California, Farrell was a popular actor and comedian better known for his sidekick roles in the Hollywood Golden Age. He grew up watching his mother, Glenda Farrell, a Warner Brothers contract actress, appear in films like "Little Caesar" and "I Am a Fugitive From a Chain Gang", opposite Edward G. Robinson and Paul Muni, respectively. His father was film editor, Thomas Richards.
Farrell attended St. John's Military Academy in Los Angeles and was a drama student at the University of Arizona before making his Broadway debut as a young drummer in "Strip for Action". He served in the Army Air Forces during World War II.
Following discharge, Farrell made his movie debut in "Winged Victory" (1944). During the 1940s, he became entrenched as a supporting player in B-westerns and cliffhanger serials. He also appeared in a number of other films, including "Kissin' Cousins" with Elvis Presley and "A Guide for the Married Man" with Walter Matthau. Then, after the westerns and serials faded he migrated to television work.
On April 1, 1949, Tommy Farrell had a daughter, Ellen Farrell, with his then wife, Ann.
On television Farrell played Cpl. Thad Carson on "The Adventures of Rin Tin Tin" and Chet Holliday, father of Alice Holliday in the 1958-1959 syndicated sitcom "This is Alice". He was also was a recurring guest star in two other sitcoms, "Room for One More" and "Here's Lucy". He made six appearances on "Perry Mason" in minor roles like a salesman or reporter. He finally retired in 1979 after filming an episode of the Robert Urich series, "Vega$". In 2003, he was honored during the 21st Annual Golden Boot Awards ceremony for his work in the Western genre, along with Sue Ane Langdon, Michael Dante, Graham Greene, Kris Kristofferson, and Tommy Lee Jones, among others.
Farrell died of natural causes at the Motion Picture and Television Fund hospital in Woodland Hills, California, at the age of 82. At the time of his death, he was the last living B-western sidekick from the golden era of westerns.

</doc>
<doc id="18891957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891957" title="Edivaldo Monteiro">
Edivaldo Monteiro

Edivaldo Monteiro (born 28 April 1976) is a retired Guinea-Bissau-born Portuguese hurdler. 
He competed at the World Championships in 2001, 2003 and 2005 as well as the Olympic Games in 2004 and 2008 without reaching the final.
His personal best time is 49.10 seconds, achieved in June 2004 in Bern.

</doc>
<doc id="18891970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891970" title="Alon Weisberg">
Alon Weisberg

Alon Weisberg (, born 26 April 1989 in Ukrainian SSR) is an Israeli-Ukrainian.
Weisberg born in Ukrainian SSR and moved to Israel when he was 6 months old.
Playing career.
Alon grew up in the Hapoel Be'er Sheva youth ranks and in 2005 he moved to Maccabi Netanya. On 2 January 2007 he made his debut for Netanya's senior side in a Toto Cup game against Maccabi Tel Aviv, where he scored 2 goals.
Weisberg struggled to get a spot in Netanya and got loaned to Hakoah Ramat Gan, Maccabi Ironi Bat Yam, Maccabi Ironi Kfar Yona and Hapoel Herzliya from the Liga Leumit.
In July 2011 he left Israel for the Ukrainian First League when he signed a two years contract with FC Krymteplytsia Molodizhne worth approximately €100,000.
In August 2012 he trained with FC Vorskla Poltava and was injured and missed the 2012-2013 season due to injury.
In December 2013 he signed with Hapoel Katamon Jerusalem in the Liga Leumit.

</doc>
<doc id="18891980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891980" title="Florida National Forest">
Florida National Forest

Florida National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Florida on July 1, 1911, with by combining Ocala National Forest and Choctawhatchee National Forest. On October 17, 1927, the Ocala Division was separated to re-form Ocala National Forest. On November 10, 1927, the forest was renamed Choctawhatchee National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="18891989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891989" title="Snir Gueta">
Snir Gueta

Snir Gueta (, born 7 January 1988) is an Israeli professional football (soccer) player who plays for Maccabi Sha'arayim. He previously played for Maccabi Netanya, Hapoel Ashkelon and Hapoel Kiryat Malachi. At international level, Gueta was capped at under-17 and under-21 level.

</doc>
<doc id="18892006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892006" title="Fruita National Forest">
Fruita National Forest

Fruita National Forest, located in Colorado, was established as the Fruita Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service on February 24, 1906 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 Fruita was transferred to Uncompahgre National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18892007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892007" title="Luffness Platform railway station">
Luffness Platform railway station

Luffness Platform (also known as Luffness Golf Club Halt) served a golf course near Gullane in Scotland. It was served by the Aberlady, Gullane and North Berwick railway. This line diverged from the North British Railway Main Line at Aberlady Junction, east of the current Longniddry station.For the private use of members of the Luffness Golf Club, this unstaffed halt was opened in 1898 and closed in 1932. Passengers alighting had to inform the train guard at Gullane or Aberlady and passengers joining the train there had to request it to stop by hand signals.
History.
Opened by the Aberlady, Gullane and North Berwick Railway, it was absorbed by the North British Railway. Then station passed on to the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923.
References.
Sources.
Hajducki, A. The North Berwick and Gullane Branch Lines, Oakwood Press, 1992

</doc>
<doc id="18892021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892021" title="Helmut Braunlich">
Helmut Braunlich

Helmut Braunlich (born 19 May 1929 in Brünn, Moravia; d. 24 May 2013) was a German-American violinist, composer, and musicologist.
Education.
He received his formal musical education at the Mozarteum in Salzburg, Austria, where he studied violin with Christa Richter-Steiner, composition with Egon Kornauth, and music history with Eberhard Preussner. After his immigration (1951) to the United States in 1951 he played with various professional symphony orchestras and became a member of the U.S Air Force Symphony Orchestra. He studied composition at the Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C., where one of his teachers was the great organist, Prof. Conrad Bernier. After earning his master’s degree in composition with a concerto for two violins and orchestra, he pursued doctoral studies, earning his Ph.D. in Musicology.
Career.
Here he taught numerous courses in composition, music theory, and performance practice. In 1988 he was promoted to Professor. In 1989 the state government of Bavaria, Germany, awarded him the "Sudetendeutscher Kulturpreis" in composition. He served as the chairperson of the Composition Department at the Benjamin T. Rome School of Music at the Catholic University of America, until he became Professor Emeritus in 1999. From then on he devoted his time mostly to composition and performance, but also taught selected graduate students.
Compositions.
During his career he received commissions from a variety of organizations. Among them are the Contemporary Music Forum, the Montgomery County Youth Symphony Orchestra, the Catholic University Wind Ensemble, and the Friday Morning Music Club Foundation. As a member of the Society of Composers, Prof. Braunlich devotes his efforts to the promotion of composition, performance, understanding and dissemination of new and contemporary music. Compositions by Helmut Braunlich include works for orchestra, chamber music, works for various solo instruments, and songs. Several chamber music works have been published by McGinnis & Marx and by Tap Music Sales. His recordings are available on Educo Records, Opus One Records, and Centaur Compact Disc.

</doc>
<doc id="18892040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892040" title="Ibrahima Maïga">
Ibrahima Maïga

Ibrahima Maïga (born 14 March 1979) is a Malian hurdler. He was born in Sareyamou.
He finished fourth at the 2004 African Championships, fifth at the 2006 African Championships and won the bronze medal at the 2008 African Championships. He also competed at the World Championships in 2005 and 2007 as well as the Olympic Games in 2004 and 2008 without reaching the final.
His personal best time is 49.13 seconds, achieved in April 2007 in Dakar.

</doc>
<doc id="18892043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892043" title="Gallinas National Forest">
Gallinas National Forest

Gallinas National Forest was established as the Gallinas Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service in New Mexico on November 5, 1906 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 Gallinas was transferred to Cibola National Forest and the name was discontinued. 
The forest is presently part of the Mountainair Ranger District of Cibola National Forest, just to the north and west of Gallinas in Lincoln County and Torrance Counties.

</doc>
<doc id="18892054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892054" title="John Odey">
John Odey

John Ogar Odey (born November 1, 1959) was appointed Nigerian minister of information and communications in July 2007, and became minister for environment in December 2008 after President Umaru Yar'Adua reshuffled his cabinet.
Odey graduated with a B.Sc. in banking and finance from the University of Calabar in 1986.
He has been active within the media, with positions such as general manager for South-South Communication and chairman of News Agency of Nigeria.
He was appointed National Publicity Secretary of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) in 2004.
He served as minister of information and communications and then as minister for the environment in the cabinet of Umaru Yar'Adua. In March 2010, he handed over to the permanent secretary for the ministry of environment after Vice President Goodluck Jonathan dissolved his cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="18892056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892056" title="In Concert (Apo Hiking Society album)">
In Concert (Apo Hiking Society album)

In Concert #$%*!? is the very first and live album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's a 13-track album released in 1974 under Universal Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18892065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892065" title="Garden City National Forest">
Garden City National Forest

Garden City National Forest was established as the Garden City Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service in Kansas on July 25, 1905 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On May 15, 1908 it was renamed Kansas National Forest, and on December 1, 1915 it was abolished. 

</doc>
<doc id="18892068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892068" title="Sans Souci, Michigan">
Sans Souci, Michigan

Sans Souci (also Harsens Island) is an unincorporated community in Clay Township of St. Clair County in the U.S. state of Michigan at on the eastern shore of Harsens Island. The name is French ("sans souci") and can be literally translated to "carefree", "without worries" or "without concerns".
History.
Sans Souci was established as a shipping and trading center on Harsens Island and was given a post office in April 1900. Meaning "without care" in French, it was named by its first postmaster, William LaCroix, who had large holdings there. The name of the post office was changed to Harsens Island in December 1960.
Government.
"Harsens Island" is the name of the post office for the delivery area of ZIP code 48028, which includes the settlement at Sans Souci. "Sans Souci" does not appear in the list of acceptable names for delivery.

</doc>
<doc id="18892090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892090" title="International Society of Catastrophe Managers">
International Society of Catastrophe Managers

The International Society of Catastrophe Managers (ISCM) is a professional association that promotes catastrophe management professionalism within the insurance industry.
Goal and objectives.
ISCM's goal is to provide forums for exchange of ideas, understanding current catastrophe management issues, and networking among catastrophe managers.
Members may use ISCM to explore basic-through-advanced developments in the catastrophe modeling process, gain new catastrophe management skills and experience alternative viewpoints specific to their levels of interest and experience, learn to understand and manage modeling uncertainty in today’s demanding environment, and realize maximum benefits as well as greater levels of comfort when using modeling technology to estimate the financial impacts associated with natural catastrophes and other extreme events.
Board of directors.
Carl Hedde- President - Munich Reinsurance America Inc.
Maria Kovas- Treasurer - TOA Reinsurance
Ron Nash- Director - NCR Global LLC
Andrew Castaldi- Executive Director - Swiss Reinsurance America Corporation
Board members
Simon Webber - QBE
Elizabeth Edelstein - Guy Carpenter
Dan Dick - Aon BenField
Scott Cooper - Risk Management Solutions, Inc
Federico Waisman - Goldman Sachs
Thomas Larsen - EQECAT, Inc.
Randall Law - Ace Tempest Re Group
Nicholas DiMuzio - XL Group
Uday Virkud - AIR Worldwide Corporation
Amy Wixon - Liberty Mutual Insurance
Robert Stevenson - Kiln Group
Partner organizations.
ISCM partners with Risk Management Solutions, AIR Worldwide, and EQECAT.

</doc>
<doc id="18892098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892098" title="Forbidden Cargo">
Forbidden Cargo

Forbidden Cargo can mean either:

</doc>
<doc id="18892121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892121" title="Giorgio (song)">
Giorgio (song)

"Giorgio" was the Swiss entrant to the Eurovision Song Contest 1958, held in Hilversum, the Netherlands. It was performed in German and Italian. It was the first song to be performed in more than one language in the Eurovision Song Contest.
The song was performed by Lys Assia, winner for Switzerland at the 1956 contest, and was composed by Paul Burkhard and Fridolin Tschudi.
On the night of the contest the song was performed 10th (last), following Austria's Liane Augustin with "Die ganze Welt braucht Liebe". At the close of the voting Assia had received 24 points, placing second behind France's André Claveau.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1959 contest by Christa Williams with "Irgendwoher".

</doc>
<doc id="18892124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892124" title="Goose Lake National Forest">
Goose Lake National Forest

Goose Lake National Forest was established as the Goose Lake Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service in Oregon on August 21, 1906 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 the entire forest was added to Fremont National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18892132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892132" title="Yevgeniy Meleshenko">
Yevgeniy Meleshenko

Yevgeniy Meleshenko (born 19 January 1981) is a Kazakhstani hurdler.
He finished fifth at the 2002 World Junior Championships, won the silver medal at the 2001 Summer Universiade and finished ninth at the 2006 World Cup. He also finished seventh in the 4x400 metres relay at the 2005 Summer Universiade.
On the regional level he won the bronze medal at the 2002 Asian Championships, the silver medals at the 2003 and 2005 Asian Championships and the gold medal at the 2007 Asian Championships. He finished fourth at the 2006 Asian Games. He also won a gold in the Athletics at the 2003 Afro-Asian Games.
He also competed at the World Championships in 2003, 2005 and 2007 as well as the Olympic Games in 2004 and the 2008 without reaching the final.
His personal best time is 48.46 seconds, achieved at the 2001 Summer Universiade in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18892151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892151" title="Hudson &amp; Landry">
Hudson &amp; Landry

Hudson & Landry were an American comedy team who wrote and recorded four gold albums on the Doré Records label in the 1970s: "Hanging In There" (1971), "Losing Their Heads" (1972), "Right-Off!" (1972), and "The Weird Kingdom" (1974). The vignette "Ajax Liquor Store" (1971) was nominated for a Grammy Award. They also wrote material (and appeared) on Jim Backus' 1974 Dore album "The Dirty Old Man".
Partnership.
The comedy duo was born in the early 1970s when Bob Hudson met Ron Landry while both were working at KGBS in Los Angeles. The two became a potent morning duo and it was their on-air chemistry that led to the recording of several successful comedy albums on Doré Records. Hudson & Landry recorded a total of 52 comedy vignettes. 39 of them were released on 12" vinyl. Their first release was the single "Ajax Liquor Store", which was nominated for a Grammy Award alongside Lily Tomlin's "One Ringy Dingy". During their career, they were frequent guests on a number of popular television shows including "The Flip Wilson Show", "The Steve Allen Show", and Smothers Brothers specials to name a few.
Hudson.
"Emperor" Bob Hudson (born Robert Howard Holmes on October 7, 1929 in Erie, Pennsylvania) got his start in radio while serving in the United States Air Force in Anchorage, Alaska. He began his civilian career in radio during the mid-fifties first in Erie, Pennsylvania; Cleveland, Ohio; Indianapolis, Indiana; and San Francisco before settling in the Los Angeles area. He was consistently ranked among the top 10 DJs in Southern California from 1957 until his retirement in 1988. Hudson worked at a variety of LA radio stations, including KFWB, KBLA, KEZY, KFI and KGBS, and came to prominence when he replaced Bob Eubanks as morning man on KRLA in 1963. In 1966, "Billboard" ranked Hudson #1 in his morning drive time slot. The same year, he released a parody of Napoleon XIV's novelty hit "They're Coming to Take Me Away, Ha-Haaa!!", titled "I'm Normal", credited as The Emperor. The recorded charted nationally, peaking at #146 in the Record World survey.
Hudson was featured in "The Emperor", a short film made by George Lucas in 1967 when Lucas was a student at USC film school. The film features Hudson during his time as an L.A. disc jockey.
After Hudson & Landry split up, Hudson continued working in radio, including a stint at WMEX, later WITS, in Boston, until his retirement. 
Sometime between 1976 and 1978 (no specific date was given), Hudson attempted to record material for his stint as guest host of Casey Kasem's "American Top 40" one week; however, Hudson had trouble recording his material, giving up after realizing that he could not host AT40 the same way he would host his morning drive show. As a result, Casey cancelled his vacation and returned to Los Angeles to record that week's AT40, but, knowing Hudson's notoriety as a legendary disk jockey and comedian, made sure that he got paid for his work anyway.
Holmes died on September 20, 1997, aged 66, and was survived by his former wife, Joanne Holmes, four children Tom, Colleen, Mike and Jay, and grandchildren Jenette, Bethany, Elizabeth, Kathleen, Chris, Pat, Rachael, Emily and John.
The popular Hudson & Landry sketch "Frontier Christmas" features a character named "Harlo," named for his former wife Joanne's father, Harlon Rarick.
Landry.
Ron Landry (b. October 24, 1934) worked at several radio stations in Virginia before becoming the morning host on WDRC in Hartford and then WBZ in Boston. Landry's began his radio career at WJMA in Orange, Virginia. Landry also was a disc jockey while he served in the Army.
After Hudson & Landry split up, Landry became a successful writer for television shows, including "Flo", "Benson", "The Redd Foxx Show" and "Gimme A Break". He also continued working in radio. Landry died of cancer on September 16, 2002 at age 67.
Discography.
Compilations of their material include "The Best Of Hudson & Landry" (Dore, 1975), 
"The Best Of Hudson & Landry, Vol. II" (Dore, 1985), and 
"The Complete Collection" (2004), a 3-CD boxed set on ITP Records, featuring rare non-LP single sides and unreleased material on the third disc.

</doc>
<doc id="18892161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892161" title="John Solanky">
John Solanky

John William Solanky (30 June 1942 – 7 October 2003) was a Tanzanian cricketer. A right-handed batsman and right-arm off spin/medium pace bowler, he played for Glamorgan County Cricket Club between 1972 and 1976.
Biography.
Early life and career.
Born in Dar es Salaam in 1942, John Solanky played twice for Tanganyika – against Uganda in 1959 and 1960. He made his first-class cricket debut in November 1963, playing for an East African Invitation XI against the MCC in Kampala.
He played a second first-class match in 1964, for a Coast Cricket Association XI against Pakistan International Airlines in Mombasa, but soon emigrated to England due to political changes in Tanzania. Here he began to play league cricket in Plymouth Devon for Plymouth Cricket Club in 1966 (scoring a century in his first match for the 2nd XI) while an Engineering student at the Technical College and represented Devon County Cricket Club in the Minor Counties Championship between 1967 and 1969, also making his List A debut when he played for Devon against Hertfordshire in the first round of the 1969 Gillette Cup.
Glamorgan career.
His bowling and batting at minor counties level attracted the attention of first-class county scouts, and he was signed by Glamorgan, making his debut for the county in a friendly match against Worcestershire in April 1972. He made his competitive debut for them four days later, playing a Benson & Hedges Cup match against Gloucestershire, and his County Championship debut the following month in a match against Hampshire. After the season, Solanky returned to Africa with his county side, playing a three match series against the Zambia national cricket team.
His 1973 season started with various John Player League and Benson & Hedges Cup matches in addition to first-class matches against Cambridge University and New Zealand, and by this time he had become a regular in the Glamorgan side.
Solanky played in several matches for Glamorgan over the following few years, and also played against his old East African team as they warmed up for the 1975 World Cup. His Glamorgan career eventually came to an end in 1976 when the county signed West Indian all-rounder Collis King. He was still on the books at the county in 1977, and played for the Under-25s (though he was 34 at the time) and Second XI that year.
Later life and career.
After leaving Glamorgan, Solanky spent a year as a cricket coach and squash professional in South Wales before moving to Northern Ireland in 1980. He played for and coached Lisburn and Cliftonville Cricket Clubs, coaching future Ireland internationals such as Kyle McCallan, Andrew Patterson and Mark Patterson.
In the late 1980s he began teaching technology at a school in Carrickfergus, continuing to play as an amateur with Cliftonville CC until 1993. He remained in the teaching profession until he died suddenly from a heart attack in 2003.
Cricket statistics.
In 84 first-class matches, Solanky scored 2374 runs at an average of 20.46 with a top score of 73 for Glamorgan against Cambridge University in 1975. Solanky took his 100th first-class wicket in the same match. He took 183 wickets at an average of 25.34, with best innings bowling figures of 6/63 against Derbyshire in 1975. In 91 List A matches, he scored 1134 runs at an average of 18.29, with a top score of 60 against Derbyshire in 1975. He took 92 wickets at an average of 27.46, with best innings bowling figures of 4/23 for Glamorgan against Nottinghamshire in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18892163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892163" title="Trish Suhr">
Trish Suhr

Patricia Kelly "Trish" Suhr (born December 30, 1974 in Middlesboro, Kentucky) is a standup comedian best known for her portrayal as the "Yard Sale Diva" on "Clean House", an hour-long home improvement television show airing daily on Style Network.
Career.
Suhr left the family funeral home business to become a comedian. Suhr regularly performs on the all-female comedy show, Pretty Funny Women and is featured on the Southern Belles of Comedy DVD. In addition, Suhr has traveled the world to entertain the troops. TV appearances include Girls Behaving Badly, Take My Kids, Please, National Lampoon's Funny Money and Gamers and Uncle Eddie's Christmas Vacation. Suhr has also appeared in Sam Raimi's The Quick and the Dead and starred opposite Dane Cook in the indie hit "Spiral". Suhr starred in “Marry Me in Mexico: Trish’s Dream Wedding” on Style Network. Suhr starred as 'Bobby June' on the Game GTA V's ingame radio " Blaine Country radio ".
Personal life.
Suhr married Dave McCoul in Cancun, Mexico on May 15, 2010.The wedding took place at Le Blanc Resort and Spa.

</doc>
<doc id="18892167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892167" title="Forbidden Cargo (1954 film)">
Forbidden Cargo (1954 film)

Forbidden Cargo is a 1954 British film starring Jack Warner, Nigel Patrick and Elizabeth Sellars. The plot involved a narcotics agent trying to halt illegal drug smuggling under the cover of bird-watching.

</doc>
<doc id="18892194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892194" title="Staroizrail">
Staroizrail

Old Israel (Staroizrail) was a 19th-century sect founded in the 1830s by Perfil Katasonov, a disciple of Abbakum Kopylov, the founder of the Postniki (Fasters) sect, as the result of a schism. Its adherents considered themselves to be the Chosen People establishing the Kingdom of God on earth. The sect disintegrated into various spin-off sects, among them New Israel, at the death of its founder.

</doc>
<doc id="18892195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892195" title="Mikhail Kolganov">
Mikhail Kolganov

Mikhail Kolganov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18892212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892212" title="Collector's Item (Apo Hiking Society album)">
Collector's Item (Apo Hiking Society album)

Collector's Item is the first studio album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's a 13-track album released in 1975 under the Sunshine label.

</doc>
<doc id="18892217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892217" title="The Garden (Michael Nesmith album)">
The Garden (Michael Nesmith album)

The Garden is Michael Nesmith's 11th full studio album and was released in 1994. "The Garden" is a companion release to Nesmith's 1974 album/book, "The Prison". Both "The Garden" and "The Prison" are written to have the music complement a novel included in the release (also written by Nesmith). "The Prison" and "The Garden" were re-released together on CD in 2004 by Video Ranch.
The idea is for listeners to read the novel while simultaneously listening to the recording. Even though "The Garden" was released on Nesmith's record company, Rio Records, the novella/album concept was the driving force behind Nesmith's multimedia company Pacific Arts.
In the liner notes, Nesmith states "The Garden" is not a sequel in the strictest sense of the term — meaning that there isn't a true continuation of the narrative which began in "The Prison". Instead, they are correlated thematically and stylistically as both are presented in a linear and consecutive approach. Each of "The Garden's" seven chapters are also visually enhanced, if not somewhat inspired by a series of Claude Monet paintings. There is a much more subtle connection between the prose and these unqualified masterworks, yet he is able to relate them in a contextual sense.
Reviews.
Allmusic writes "the music retains Nesmith's inimitable and signature sound, yet compared to his most concurrent effort, Tropical Campfires (1992), The Garden is exceedingly ethereal and more often than not instrumental. There are vocals that feature not only the artist, but also his children Jason — who is likewise the central character in the short story — Christian, and Jessica. The backing band also includes Christian Nesmith as well as most of the musicians the senior Nez had collaborated with on the aforementioned Tropical Campfires, most notably Desert Rose Band string man John Jorgenson (guitar/sax/bassoon/mandolin/oboe/bandurila/mandocello), Joe Chemay (bass), and John Hobbs (keyboards), as well as studio maven Sid Page (violin)".
Production.
According to the liner notes, the album was recorded at various times between October 1991 and September 1993 at Footprint Studios and Trax in Los Angeles. Additionally, "The Garden" is the first studio album Nesmith does not use a steel pedal guitar on any track. 
"The Garden" novella features seven paintings of Claude Monet at the beginning of each chapter.
Track listing.
All songs written by Michael Nesmith.
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="18892220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892220" title="William Magee">
William Magee

William Magee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18892223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892223" title="Roman Republic (disambiguation)">
Roman Republic (disambiguation)

The Roman Republic was the phase of Ancient Roman civilization characterized by a republican form of government. 
Roman Republic may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18892234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892234" title="Vincenzo Talarico">
Vincenzo Talarico

Vincenzo Talarico (28 April 1909 – 16 August 1972), was an Italian screenwriter and film actor. He wrote for 27 films between 1940 and 1966. He also appeared in 15 films between 1946 and 1964.
He was born in Acri, Italy and died in Fiuggi, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18892238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892238" title="Parachutist Badge (Germany)">
Parachutist Badge (Germany)

The German Armed Forces Parachutist Badge ( or ) is the badge awarded to and worn by qualified parachutists of the Armed Forces ("Bundeswehr") of the Federal Republic of Germany. The badge may also be awarded to military service members from allied nations but its authorization and wear is subject to the recipient's national uniform regulations.
Nazi Germany.
In the National Socialist "Wehrmacht", the Parachutist Badge was first established by order of Hermann Göring on November 5, 1936. It was originally awarded to soldiers of the "Luftwaffe" after completion of parachute training and the required number of jumps. The badge depicted a diving eagle with a swastika in its claws surrounded by a silver wreath. It was worn over the left breast pocket.
An army version was later introduced, with the swastika relocated to the top of the wreath and surmounted by a smaller upright eagle.
Federal Republic of Germany.
Following the defeat of the Nazis in World War II, the symbols of National Socialism were outlawed in Germany. After the creation of the "Bundeswehr", wearing of decorations and badges earned during war-time was permitted, but only after proper "de-Nazification". The German Parachutist Badge was eventually changed to its current design in 1956, depicting a parachute falling in the sky surrounded by a ring of oak leaves on wings. This badge is worn over the right breast pocket.
Bundeswehr.
In the German Bundeswehr the badge has three levels:

</doc>
<doc id="18892244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892244" title="Wendy Larry">
Wendy Larry

Wendy Larry (born 1955) was the head coach of the Old Dominion University Lady Monarchs women's basketball team. She coached the team in the 1997 NCAA National Championship game against the Lady Vols of the University of Tennessee in Cincinnati, Ohio. Her Lady Monarchs teams have reached a total of 20 NCAA Tournaments, set an NCAA record with 17 Colonial Athletic Association (CAA) titles, and Larry coached in 608 career victories. 
Larry was awarded the US Basketball Writers Association (USBWA) Coach of the Year award in 1997.
In May of 2011, Larry announced her retirement from Old Dominion, after her team did not reach the NCAA tournament in two successive seasons. The university did not offer to extend her contract, which had one year remaining. 
In June of 2012, Larry accepted a position as an associate commissioner of the Atlantic 10 Conference, focusing her work on women's basketball.

</doc>
<doc id="18892247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892247" title="The Siege of Golden Hill">
The Siege of Golden Hill

The Siege of Golden Hill was a British children's television series set in a world of teenage gangs and council corruption on the outskirts of a major English city (based on Birmingham). It was produced by ATV Midlands.
Twelve episodes of 30 minutes each were broadcast on ITV between June and August 1975. The main parts were played by Gerry Sundquist, Billy Hamon and Sara Lee.
The scriptwriter was Nick McCarty and the producer John Sichel.
A follow-up series - entitled 'Golden Hill' - was broadcast on ITV in the autumn of 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18892249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892249" title="Nous aurons demain">
Nous aurons demain

"Nous aurons demain" ("We'll have tomorrow") was the Swiss entrant to the Eurovision Song Contest 1961, held in Cannes, France, and was performed in French.
The song was performed by Franca di Rienzo, and was composed by Géo Voumard and Émile Gardaz.
On the night of the contest the song was performed 10th, following France's Jean-Paul Mauric singing "Printemps, avril carillonne" and preceding Belgium's Bob Benny with "September, gouden roos". At the close of the voting it had received 16 points, placing 3rd in a field of 16. 
It was succeeded as Swiss representative by Jean Philippe with "Le retour".

</doc>
<doc id="18892262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892262" title="Mikhail Kolganov (athlete)">
Mikhail Kolganov (athlete)

Mihail Kolganov (born 9 May 1980) is a Kazakhstani former middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 and 1500 metres.
In the 800 metres he won the gold medal at the 2002 Asian Championships and finished seventh at the 2002 World Cup. He also competed at the 2004 Olympic Games, but did not progress past the first heat. His personal best time is 1:46.99 minutes, achieved in June 2004 in Almaty.
In the 1500 metres he finished twelfth at the 2003 Universiade, tenth at the 2005 Universiade and fifth at the 2005 Asian Championships. His personal best time is 3:45.65 minutes, achieved in June 2006 in Tula.
He also finished seventh in the 4x400 metres relay at the 2005 Summer Universiade.

</doc>
<doc id="18892266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892266" title="Darren Taylor">
Darren Taylor

Darren "Bo" Taylor (January 20, 1966 – 11 August 2008) was a one-time American gang member who helped negotiate a truce following the Los Angeles riots of 1992.
Taylor was born in Memphis, Tennessee and moved to Los Angeles, California 5 years later. He joined the Crips at age 14. After graduating from Los Angeles High School and being honorably discharged after four years in the United States Navy, he drifted back into gang life before having an awakening. He founded a gang violence prevention program called Unity One and counseled inmates at the Los Angeles County Jail.
Taylor died of cancer in San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18892270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892270" title="Frank Johnson (rugby league)">
Frank Johnson (rugby league)

Frank Johnson OAM (1922–1993) was an Australian rugby league footballer, coach and administrator who devoted much of his life to the development of the game in Australia. He was a state and national representative player of the 1940s and was heavily involved in coaching development in the 1960s and '70s.
Playing career.
Johnson began his senior career as a sixteen-year-old playing for Port Kembla on the New South Wales south coast, He primarily played at hooker and was first selected to represent for NSW Country in 1940. During World War II, Johnson played two seasons with St. George in 1944–1945. In 1946 he returned to the south-coast and captain-coached Wollongong that year. That year he was selected in a Southern Districts representative side who were victorious over the visiting Great Britain tourists
In 1947, Johnson was back in Sydney, this time with the Newtown Bluebags. He was selected for the New South Wales team and at the end of the 1948 season he toured with the Kangaroos. Johnson injured his leg early in the tour in England and he participated in only seven tour matches.
Johnson was captain-coach of the Bluebags in 1952 and in 1953 was a non-playing coach. His attempt to retire from playing was not entirely successful as he was required to fill in on-field occasionally and in 1954 he was persuaded to return as hooker for the season by his coaching successor, Col Geelan. The team made it to the Grand Final but were beaten by Souths and Johnson finally retired from playing.
Post-playing career.
Johnson maintained his connection with the game, firstly as a coach with Wollongong Wests in 1957. He coached them to their first premiership win. In 1962, Johnson was a founding member of the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) Coaching Panel and replaced Keith Gittoes as director of coaching in 1974.
Johnson was responsible for developing coaching and playing skills in Darwin, Northern Territory, and in Papua New Guinea. From 1970 to 1975 he coached the Darwin and Northern Territory teams. It was in his honour that the "Frank Johnson Medal", Darwin Rugby League's equivalent of the "Rothman's Medal" was named. The medal was first awarded in 1973.
Johnson was honoured with life membership of the NSWRL in 1982 and received the Order of Australia Medal. He died in 1993, aged 70.
His nephew John Johnson was for a number of years the A Grade coach for the Palmerston Raiders club in Darwin. Frank's great-nephew Matthew Johnson played for the club and made junior Northern Territory representative appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="18892271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892271" title="Godwin Abbe">
Godwin Abbe

Godwin Osagie Abbe (born January 10, 1949 in Benin City, Edo State, Nigeria is the Defence Minister of Nigeria since July 14, 2009. Prior to this, he had served as the Nigerian Minister of Interior since July 26, 2007.
Military career.
Godwin Abbe joined the military in 1967 as a private, was commissioned second Lieutenant in July 1968, and was promoted Colonel in 1986. He served during the Nigerian Civil War. 
He earned a Postgraduate Diploma in International Relations from Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile-Ife. 
He is also a graduate of the United States Army Infantry School Fort Benning, Georgia, Ghana Armed Forces Staff College and the National Institute for Policy and Strategic studies, Kuru.
He was military governor of Akwa Ibom State 1988-1990) and Rivers State (1990–1991). 
He then became General Officer Commanding (GOC) 2 Division Nigerian Army; Commander, Training and Doctrine Command (TRADOC) and Commander, National War College. He retired in 1999 with the rank of Major General.
Politician.
After leaving the army, Godwin Abbe joined People's Democratic Party in 1999, and became chairman of the party in Edo State.
Minister of Interior.
President Umaru Yar'Adua appointed Godwin Abbe as the Nigerian Minister of Interior on July 26, 2007. 
At a meeting of Commonwealth Heads of Government in Kampala, Uganda in November 2007, Abbe met British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and asked for assistance in restructuring the police force, which was suffering from low morale due to poor welfare, inadequate training and lack of vital work tools.
As minister of the interior, Godwin Abbe was chairman of a committee that recommended an amnesty programme for gunmen in the Niger Delta, an important step towards improving output of oil and gas.
Soon after, he was appointed Minister of Defense, a key role in implementing the amnesty.
Minister of Defense.
In September 2009, Abbe said that the Amnesty would not prevent security operatives from going after illegal oil bunkerers, whom he said would be treated as enemies of the state.
In October 2009, speak of Niger Delta militants who had accepted the government amnesty, Abbe gave assurances they would be rehabilitated, re-integrated and helped in every way possible to make them self-sustaining in life.

</doc>
<doc id="18892283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892283" title="Circle of Life">
Circle of Life

"Circle of Life" is a song from Disney's 1994 animated film "The Lion King", composed by Elton John with lyrics by Tim Rice. The song was performed by Carmen Twillie (female vocals) and Lebo M (opening Zulu vocals) as the film's opening song. Elton John sang a pop version of the song with the London Community Gospel Choir which was included in the film's soundtrack and made into a music video. Circle of Life was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Song in 1994 along with two other songs from "The Lion King": "Hakuna Matata" and "Can You Feel the Love Tonight" which won the award. 
The song reached #11 in the UK and #18 in the US and is also featured frequently in attractions that include "The Lion King" such as Disney theme parks and parades. Michael Crawford sang it as part of a medley for "The Disney Album" in 2001.
Theatrical version.
Act I.
In the film's theatrical adaption, the opening sequence is noticeably different from the opening of the film; for example, the song is sung by the Rafiki character accompanied by a chorus of multiple background singers garbed in distinctive costumes or manipulating puppets resembling animals rather than being performed by a narrator, as in the original film. 
With the sun rising on the Serengeti Pride Lands, Rafiki commences the start of the production by kicking off the song and summoning the various animals of the surrounding area for baby Simba's presentation. As the first two verses of the musical number end, a representation of Pride Rock appears onstage carrying its two reigning rulers, Queen Sarabi cradling the small puppet representing her newborn cub in her arms. As the choir chants excitedly in the background, Rafiki accompanies them atop Pride Rock to bless the baby prince before raising him high in the air, singing joyfully alongside the bowing chorus.
Act II.
At the end of Act II, Simba's friends and family acknowledge him as the rightful king after Simba and the Pridelanders defeated Scar and the hyenas. Rafiki crowns Simba with the mantle of kingship after his victory and Simba ascends Pride Rock. He then gives a mighty roar across the whole kingdom and the animals come back to the Pridelands to recognize Simba as the rightful king.
The assembly of animals that appear are slightly different from the beginning of Act I, with no wildebeests, no adult elephant (only the baby elephant) and two zebras instead of three. Only half of the bird ladies appear, along with three cranes and birds kites on poles. The lionesses celebrate the continuing circle of life when they present a newborn cub, the son of Simba and Nala, the future lion king. The musical ends as Rafiki presents Simba and Nala's newborn cub to all of the animals. A blackout finishes Act II and leads to the curtain call at the end of the second act.
Circle of Stars version.
The song was re-recorded in 2003 by the Disney Channel Circle of Stars, a group of actors and actresses who have appeared in Disney Channel television series and original movies. The line-up was significantly different when their next re-recording, "A Dream Is a Wish Your Heart Makes," was released two years later.
The Lion King 1½.
In DisneyToon's 2004 direct-to-video film "The Lion King 1½", Timon and Pumbaa are watching this musical number in a dark theater when Timon suddenly uses a remote control to fast forward to where they appear in the film. Pumbaa argues that the film shouldn't go out of order and attempts to rewind the film back to the beginning. Timon and Pumbaa start fighting over control of the film until they agree that the film should tell their side of the story. Throughout the rest of the film, it is occasionally interrupted to have Timon and Pumbaa comment on whatever is happening.
In popular culture.
Due to the film's impact on popular culture, the song "Circle of Life" is often referenced in other media.
The opening to the Lion King was parodied in the 1990s cartoon Animaniacs in which the theme of "Circle Of Life" was parodied with "Surprises In life" vocals by Jim Cummings and Cree Summer as lead singer. The Tenth Doctor finds himself subconsciously quoting "Circle of Life" during a confrontation with the Sycorax leader in the season two premiere of the revived Doctor Who series, "The Christmas Invasion". In one of Disney's many self references, this also appeared as a false beginning of "Chicken Little" when Buck was trying to open the movie.
It is currently the main theme song for Disney's Animal Kingdom at the Walt Disney World Resort. Disney's Epcot park currently features a cinema-type film called "" from 1995 with Timon, Pumbaa and Simbaa discussing environmental topics at the Walt Disney World Resort as well.
At the 2011 White House Correspondents' Dinner, President Barack Obama jokingly claimed he was going to show his long-form birth video, spoofing an earlier controversy about refusing to show his long-form birth certificate to prove he was, in fact, born in the United States. The opening chant was played from the film, and Simba was seen being lifted to the skies. This was used to poke fun at Obama's Kenyan heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="18892285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892285" title="Almoayyed Tower">
Almoayyed Tower

Almoayyed Tower (also known as: Dark Tower), is commercial skyscraper located in the Seef neighborhood of Bahraini capital Manama. The tower is regular four-sided structure, with a height of . Almoayyed consists mostly of office and business complexes. It was a tallest tower in Bahrain until the Bahrain Financial Harbour, Bahrain WTC and the Abraj Al Lulu was constructed. Almoayyed Tower is also known as "Dark Tower" because of its dark coloring. Almoayyed Tower is currently managed by Cluttons.
Structure.
The entire construction process was divided into two "Phases". "Phase-1" was the construction of the tower itself, and "Phase-2" was the construction of the eight-storey car park, which can accommodate over 1000 cars. The first Phase was completed in November 2003, and the second Phase was completed in 2004. Almoayyed was the tallest structure in Bahrain from 2001 till 2008, standing over tall, with 42 floors and 6 public elevators, and a total floor space of . Almoayyed is built on a footprint area, and is the first building in Bahrain to possess a private helipad, which is built on the top of the building.
Facilities.
Almoayyed Tower offers Retail space covering its 'Mall' which encompasses the Ground and Mezzanine floors and has a separate entrance on the north side of the structure.
The building has booster antennas from all the major telecom providers in Bahrain, meaning that signal is not lost whilst in one of the 6 elevators.
The 43 floor offers space for Antennas, given Almoayyed Towers large size relative to all other buildings in the Al Seef District, it has been a hub for telecom providers to place their antennas on Almoayyed Tower to give better reception to the rest of Manama.
Management.
Almoayyed Tower has been Managed by Cluttons since 2006. Cluttons maintains a management office within the building on the 20th Floor.

</doc>
<doc id="18892286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892286" title="Eupatorium amabile">
Eupatorium amabile

Eupatorium amabile, commonly called 多花泽兰 duo hua ze lan, is a shrubby plant in Asteraceae native China and Taiwan.
"Eupatorium amabile" is a shrub that grows about 1 m tall, with more or less upright stems and slender branches that are densely glandular-villous near their ends. The 9–12 cm long and 4–3.5 cm wide leaves are medium green and pale green underneath, ovate or ovate-oblong in shape. The leaves have rounded bases and the margins are mucronate-serrate, and the apex is long acuminate. Terminal corymbs with 9–15 flowers are produced with flowers that have whitish Pappus. The black achenes are 2.5 mm long and sparsely covered with villous hairs. 

</doc>
<doc id="18892290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892290" title="Aleksey Pogorelov">
Aleksey Pogorelov

Aleksey Pogorelov (born 26 March 1983 in Bishkek) is a Kyrgyz-born Russian hurdler.
He finished sixth at the 2006 Asian Games. He also competed at the 2005 World Championships and the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
His personal best time is 49.42 seconds, achieved in June 2008 in Bishkek.

</doc>
<doc id="18892302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892302" title="Tecla Scarano">
Tecla Scarano

Tecla Scarano (20 August 1894 – 22 December 1978) was an Italian film actress. She appeared in 34 films between 1937 and 1966. She was born and died in Naples, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18892307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892307" title="Vote for Huggett">
Vote for Huggett

Vote for Huggett is a 1949 British comedy film directed by Ken Annakin and starring Jack Warner, Kathleen Harrison and Diana Dors. Warner reprises his role as the head of a London family, in the post-war years. It was the second in the The Huggetts, after 1948's "Here Come the Huggetts". In it, Joe Huggett decides to run as a candidate in the local municipal elections. It was followed later that year by "The Huggetts Abroad".
Synopsis.
After writing a letter to the local newspaper, calling for the construction of a pleasure garden for a new war memorial, Joe Huggett is overwhelmed by the response of the public. However, his call is awkward for a corrupt local counciller who has plans of his own for the space.

</doc>
<doc id="18892315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892315" title="Real versus nominal value">
Real versus nominal value

The distinction between real value and nominal value occurs in many fields. From a philosophical viewpoint, nominal value represents an accepted condition which is a goal or an approximation as opposed to the real value, which is always present. Often a "nominal" value is "de facto" rather than an exact, typical, or average measurement.
Measurement.
In measurement, a nominal value is often a value existing in name only; it is assigned as a convenient designation rather than calculated by data analysis or following usual rounding methods. The use of nominal values can be based on de facto standards or some technical standards.
All real measurements have some variation depending on the accuracy and precision of the test method and the measurement uncertainty. The use of reported values often involves engineering tolerances.
One way to consider this is that the real value often has the characteristics of an irrational number. In real-world measuring situations, improving the measurement technique will eventually begin yielding unpredictable least significant digits. For example, a 1 inch long gauge block will measure to be exactly 1 inch long until the measuring techniques reach a certain degree of precision. As techniques improve beyond this threshold, it will become clear that 1 inch is not the real value of the gauge block length, but some other number approximates it.
Engineering.
In various subfields of engineering, a nominal value is one for which the "name" for the value is close to, but not the same as, the actual value. Some examples:
Other cases involve diameter, speed, and volume.
Sometimes the word "nominal" is also used in engineering contexts as a synonym for "normal" or "expected"; for example, "The rotor resistances on all the other operating wheels are nominal."

</doc>
<doc id="18892321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892321" title="Prince Obolensky">
Prince Obolensky

Prince Obolensky may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18892338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892338" title="Songwriter (Apo Hiking Society album)">
Songwriter (Apo Hiking Society album)

Songwriter is the second studio album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society released in 1976 under JEM Records.
Track listing.
SIDE A: 
- Love is for Singing
- Tell me Why
- Mahirap Magmahal ng Syota ng Iba
- A Song For You
- We're Together
- Bluebirds
SIDE B: 
- Evening Show
- Show Me a Smile
- Restless People
- I Keep Remembering
- Those were the Good Ole' Days*

</doc>
<doc id="18892348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892348" title="Bomb Power Indicator">
Bomb Power Indicator

Bomb Power Indicator known by the acronym BPI was a detection instrument, located at the twenty five British Royal Observer Corps controls and nearly 1,500 ROC underground monitoring posts, across the United Kingdom, during the Cold War that would have detected any nuclear explosions and measured the peak-overpressure of the blast waves.
Overview.
The instruments, operated by volunteers, measured the level of peak-overpressure at the instrument's location. Once readings had been combined with information provided by the Ground Zero Indicators it would be possible to estimate the size of the nuclear explosion in megatons. Detailed BPI information was backed up by the automatic AWDREY readings.
The BPI was designed and built by the Atomic Weapons Establishment at Aldermaston. The design was tested for performance and accuracy using real nuclear explosions at the 1957 Kiritimati (or Christmas Island) nuclear weapons tests, after being mounted on board a ship. A number of BPIs were also tested in Australia during the Operation Buffalo series of nuclear tests, with units located at various distances from ground zero.
Operations.
Above ground a pair of circular plated baffles would be affected by the passing of the blast wave. The detector was connected by a steel pipe to the indicator dial below ground in the protected monitoring post. The dial was wall mounted and measured readings from 0.1 to 5 pounds per square inch peak overpressure. Readings below 0.3 pounds per square inch were noted but not reported.
The baffles were normally stored below ground and only screwed onto the top of the pipe at the start of exercises or at Transition To War. Outside of operations the BPI pipe was protected by a screw on cap and there was a drain valve at the base of the instrument to remove any excess rainwater.
If the BPI registered a reading of 0.3 or higher the operator would wait ten seconds before pressing the reset button and making a report to the group control. One minute after a BPI reading an observer is sent above ground to change the photographic papers in the Ground Zero Indicator.
Codeword.
Royal Observer Corps reports following a reading on any BPI were prefixed with the codeword "Tocsin" e.g. "Tocsin Shrewsbury 56 post - (time) oh five fifty five - pressure two point six".

</doc>
<doc id="18892355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892355" title="Otto Barch">
Otto Barch

Otto Barch (born 20 December 1943) is a retired race walker who represented the USSR and later Kyrgyzstan.
His greatest achievement was the second place in the 50 km race at the 1973 World Race Walking Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18892369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892369" title="The Huggetts (film series)">
The Huggetts (film series)

The Huggetts is a series of three British films released in the late 1940s, released by Gainsborough Pictures, centering around the character of Joe Huggett played by veteran actor Jack Warner, the head of a working class London family. Along with the Gainsborough melodramas the Huggetts were popular, lucrative films for the studio.
The films document the various dramas of the family, including Joe Huggett standing for election, and a holiday to South Africa involving smuggled diamonds. The films were popular with post-war British audiences. The family had first appeared in the film "Holiday Camp" (1947), which was then spun off for a series of films.
Another film "Christmas with the Huggetts" was planned but never made. A radio series ran from 1953 to 1962. Harrison and Warner were later reunited in the film "Home and Away", about a family in similar circumstances to the Huggetts, who win the football pools. The 1952 film "The Happy Family", starring Harrison, was also influenced by the Huggetts.
Media releases.
The Huggetts boxset including all three films and "Holiday Camp" was released on Region Two DVD in May 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18892373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892373" title="Generalmajor (Sweden)">
Generalmajor (Sweden)

Generalmajor is an officer's rank in Sweden and Finland, immediately above Brigadgeneral and below Generallöjtnant.
Finnish Defence Forces rank of Kenraalimajuri is comparable to Ranks of NATO armies officers as OF-7
History and related ranks.
In Sweden, the equivalent Naval rank is Konteramiral
Finland.
In Finland a kenraalimajuri typically commands a corps or army chief of staff. The commander of Finnish Air Force is a kenraalimajuri. There are also several special tasks for kenraalimajuri or senior.
Origin - Middle Ages.
The rank was originally a pure staff officers' rank used for those who served a general. 
Those staff servants were named Sergeant Major Generals. The sergeant part was later dropped.

</doc>
<doc id="18892391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892391" title="Postniki">
Postniki

The Postniki (постники "fasters") were a millennial sect of 19th century Southern Russia, a branch of the Khlysty (flagellants) movement, founded by Abbakum (or Avvakum) Ivanov Kopylov (Аббакум / Аввакум Копылов, 1756–1838), a peasant of the Tambov Oblast. Kopylov declared himself the living Christ and gathered a considerable following in the 1820s. After Kopylov's death in 1838, the sect disintegrated in various schisms, giving rise to follow-up groups such as the Staroizrail (Old Israel) sect led by Kopylov's disciple Perfil Katasonov.
Soviet scholar A.I. Klibanov still encountered several postniki in Rasskazovo in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="18892402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892402" title="The Huggetts Abroad">
The Huggetts Abroad

The Huggetts Abroad is a 1949 British film starring Jack Warner, Kathleen Harrison, Petula Clark and Susan Shaw. It was the final film of the The Huggetts. The film was less commercially successful than its predecessors. A sequel, "Christmas with the Huggetts", was planned but never made.
Plot.
After Joe Huggett loses his job, the family decide to emigrate to South Africa travelling via a land route which takes them across Africa. On their journey they become entangled with a diamond smuggler.

</doc>
<doc id="18892404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892404" title="Lactarius piperatus">
Lactarius piperatus

Lactarius piperatus, commonly known as the peppery milk-cap is a semi-edible basidiomycete fungus of the genus "Lactarius". Despite being edible, it is not recommended due to its poor taste, though can be used as seasoning when dried. The fruiting body is a creamy-white mushroom which is funnel-shaped when mature, with exceptionally crowded gills. It bleeds a whitish peppery-tasting milk when cut. Widely distributed across Europe and eastern North America, "Lactarius piperatus" has been accidentally introduced to Australia. Mycorrhizal, it forms a symbiotic relationship with various species of deciduous tree, including beech, and hazel, and fruiting bodies are found on the forest floor in deciduous woodland.
Taxonomy.
The species was one of the many species named by Linnaeus who officially described it in Volume Two of his "Species Plantarum" in 1753 as "Agaricus piperatus", the specific epithet deriving from the Latin adjective "piperatus" meaning "peppery".
For many years, Tyrolian naturalist Giovanni Antonio Scopoli had been considered the author of the first description, however a recent revision of the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature in 1987 changed the rules regarding the starting date and primary work for names of fungi. Previously, the starting date had been set as January 1, 1821, the date of the works of the 'father of mycology', Swedish naturalist Elias Magnus Fries, but now names can be considered valid as far back as May 1, 1753, the date of publication of Linnaeus' seminal work.
It is currently the type species of the genus "Lactarius", however in the complex relationship between "Lactarius" and "Russula" it is somewhat isolated from many other milk-cap species as it is in fact more closely related to many species of "Russula" than to most other milk-caps, and there has been discussion for the type to be redesignated in the likely break-up of the milk-cap genus.
It is commonly known as the peppery milk cap, pepper milkcap, peppery Lactarius, peppery milk mushroom, white peppery milk-cap, or other similar names. Similarly, in German it is known as the "Pfeffer-milchling".
Description.
"L. piperatus" has a cap that varies from 6–16 cm (2.4–6.4  in) across and is convex with a widely funnel-shaped center. The cap is creamy-white in colour, glabrous and not glossy; its surface may become cracked in dry locales. The stipe is white in colour, smooth, 3–7 cm (1.4–2.8 in) long by 2–3 cm (0.8-1.2 in) thick and is cylindrical, sometimes tapering towards the base. There is a thick layer of firm white flesh, and the decurrent gills are particularly crowded and narrow, sharing the white colouration of the stem but becoming creamy with age. As with other species of "Lactarius", there is abundant milk (latex), which is white, and dries olive-green. It has a white spore print with elongate, elliptic or amyloid spores which are ornamented, as with "L. vellereus". The spores measure from 6.5–9.5 by 5–8 μm, and have tiny warts.
"L. vellereus" is larger with a thick stipe, woolly cap and less crowded gills, but is not as tall. "Russula delica" is similar in colour and shape, though has adnate blue-green tinged gills and no milk. "L. deceptivus" is also similar, but is differentiated by its less crowded gills, firmer cap margin and less acrid milk. Variants of "L. piperatus" include "L. piperatus" var. "glaucescens", sometimes known as "L. glaucescens", which is differentiated by its milk, which dries a greenish colour.
Distribution and habitat.
"L. piperatus" is found in Europe, the Black sea region in northeastern Turkey, and eastern and central North America east of Minnesota. It has been accidentally introduced into Australasia, where it is found under introduced and native trees. It is found on the floor in deciduous woodland, particularly beech, and can be found throughout summer and autumn and into early winter. It is relatively common, though not as common as its cousin "L. vellereus". "L. piperatus" is found solitarily or in scattered groups. It is sometimes found growing together with "Russula cyanoxantha".
Edibility.
Despite being described by some mycologists as inedible or even poisonous, "L. piperatus" is generally considered edible. However, it is not recommended, due to its unpleasant taste. It is difficult to digest when eaten raw, but is used as a seasoning when dried, or sometimes is eaten fresh after parboiling, though its taste is still unappetising. Some recommend frying in butter with bacon and onion or pickling, or baking in a pie or pastry as other ways to prepare it. The milk has a very hot and acrid taste, which is removed if boiled. The mushroom used to be highly regarded in Russia, where it would be picked in dry seasons when other edible species were less available. The mushroom is also popular in Finland, where cooks boil it repeatedly, disposing of the water each time, and then store it in salt water and keep it refrigerated, after which it is pickled or served in salads. When eaten fresh and raw, the mushroom has been known to cause an irritant reaction on the lips and tongue, which subsides after an hour. "L. piperatus" var. "glaucescens" has been reported to be poisonous, but it has been speculated that the "poisonings" were caused by the extremely strong, peppery taste, rather than by the presence of actual poisons.
"L. piperatus" forms part of an unusual and highly regarded dish in North America, being one of species several colonised by the lobster mushroom "Hypomyces lactifluorum". This results in an orange-pink crusty outer-skin which improves the taste. It is also a common source of food among red squirrels.
Other uses.
Due to the presence of auxins in "L. piperatus" metabolites, it can be applied as a rooting hormone to aid the growth of seedlings of various species of plants, including hazel, beech and oak. In the 19th century, it was also used as a folk cure for tuberculosis, though it had no effect. In more recent times, it has been found that "L. piperatus" can be used as an antiviral agent, and the latex has been used against viral warts.

</doc>
<doc id="18892406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892406" title="Taxation in Switzerland">
Taxation in Switzerland

Taxes in Switzerland are levied by the Swiss Confederation, the cantons and the municipalities. Switzerland is sometimes considered a tax haven due to its general low rate of taxation, its political stability as well as the various tax exemptions or reductions available to Swiss companies doing business abroad, or foreign persons residing in Switzerland.
Legal framework.
Fiscal sovereignty.
Switzerland is a federal republic in which the sovereignty of the constituent states (the "cantons") is limited by the enumerated powers delegated to the federal state (the "Confederation") through the federal constitution. Consequently, the original authority to levy taxes is vested in the individual cantons of Switzerland through their constitutions. Within the bounds of the authority delegated to them by cantonal law, the municipalities may also levy taxes. The extent of that authority varies from canton to canton. While the formal framework of the most important cantonal direct taxes has been harmonised through the 1990 Federal Tax Harmonisation Law, the cantons (and, as the case may be, the municipalities) remain free to set their tax rates or establish new taxes, except on tax objects already taxed under federal law.
Since World War II, the federal constitution authorises the Confederation to levy a number of taxes, the most significant of which are an income tax, a withholding tax and a value added tax. However, Switzerland is unique among modern sovereign states in that the authority to levy these taxes is limited in duration and extent. The Constitution imposes an upper limit on the federal tax rates and causes the federal authority to levy taxes to expire in 2020. A renewal of that authority requires a constitutional amendment, which must be approved in a popular referendum by both a majority of the popular vote and the cantons. If that renewal is not approved at the polls (as it has been six times since 1958), the Confederation itself will conceivably dissolve for lack of funds. All attempts to remove this limitation by amending the constitution to provide for a permanent federal authority to levy taxes have been rejected in Parliament or – no less than five times – by popular vote, most recently in 1991.
Constitutional limits to taxation.
The federal constitution imposes certain limits on taxation at the federal cantonal and municipal levels. To begin with, it provides that no tax may be levied except where provided for by federal, cantonal or municipal statute. Because statutes can at all levels be made subject to a popular referendum, Swiss tax rates are in practice set directly by the voters through instruments of direct democracy.
The constitution mandates that taxation must be general and equal in nature, and it must be proportionate to one's ability to pay. The Federal Supreme Court has interpreted this as prohibiting a regressive tax, although flat rate taxes (as instituted in several cantons) are held to be constitutional by tax law scholars. Moreover, double taxation by several cantons is constitutionally prohibited, as is a confiscatory rate of taxation.
Direct taxes on natural persons.
All people resident in Switzerland are liable for the taxation of their worldwide income and assets, except on the income and wealth from foreign business or real estate, or where tax treaties limit double taxation. For tax purposes, residence may also arise if a person stays in Switzerland for 30 days, or for 90 days if he or she does not work. Moreover, non-residents are also taxed on certain Swiss assets or on the income from certain Swiss sources, such as from real estate, permanent business establishments or pensions. The income and assets of spouses are pooled and taxed jointly, but at a lower rate to offset the effects of tax progression.
Income tax.
Either a progressive or proportional income tax is levied by the Confederation and by the cantons on the income of natural persons. The income tax is imposed as a payroll tax on foreign workers without a residence permit, and in the form of a withholding tax on certain transient persons, such as foreign musicians performing in Switzerland.
Taxable income includes all funds accruing to a person from all sources, in principle without deduction of losses or expenses, and including the rental value of a house lived in by its owner. However, capital gains on private property (such as profits from the sale of shares) are tax-free, except where the cantons levy a tax on real estate capital gains. Certain expenses are also deductible. These include social security or pension fund payments, expenses related to the gain of income (such as employment expenses and maintenance costs of real estate) and alimonies. Gifts and inheritances are also exempt from the income tax, but are subject to separate cantonal taxes.
Non-working foreigners resident in Switzerland may choose to pay a "lump-sum tax" instead of the normal income tax. The tax, which is generally much lower than the normal income tax, is nominally levied on the taxpayer's living expenses, but in practice (which varies from canton to canton), it is common to use the quintuple of the rent paid by the taxpayer as a basis for the lump-sum taxation. This option contributes to Switzerland's status as a tax haven, and has induced many wealthy foreigners to live in Switzerland.
In 2011, the federal income tax varied from a bracket of 1% (for single tax payers) and 0.77% (for married taxpayers) to the maximum rate of 11.5%. Individuals earning below 13,600 and couples earning below 27,000 Swiss francs were exempt. On cantonal level, tax rates varies heavily, Obwalden adapted a 1.8% flat tax on all personal income following a cantonal referendum in 2007. In most cantons, the rate is proportional with a maximum rate of 6.5% in Bern, whereas in Zurich it was 13% and in Geneva 17.58-.76 % (depending upon taxes as single or jointly).
Property tax.
A proportional property tax of around 0.3 to 0.5 percent is levied by the cantons on the net worth of natural persons. The tax is levied on the value of all assets (such as real estate, shares or funds) after the deduction of any debts.
Corporate taxation.
Switzerland has a "classical" corporate tax system in which a corporation and its owners or shareholders are taxed individually, causing economic double taxation.
All legal persons are subject to the taxation of their profit and capital, with the exception of charitable organisations. Tax liability arises if either the legal seat or the effective management of a corporation is in Switzerland. To the extent non-resident companies have Swiss sources of income, such as business establishments or real estate, they are also liable for taxation. Conversely, as a unilateral measure to limit double taxation, profits from foreign business establishments or real estate are exempted from taxation.
Profit tax.
A proportional or progressive tax is levied by the Confederation (at a flat rate of 8.5%) and the cantons (at varying rates) on corporate profits. The tax is based on the net profit as accounted for in the corporate income statement, as adjusted for tax purposes. For instance, expenditures that have no business reason such as excessive depreciations, accruals or reserves, as well as disguised dividends are taxed as profits.
A number of provisions limit the double taxation of profits at the corporate level and contribute to Switzerland's tax haven status. To begin with, a "participation exemption" is granted to companies who hold 20 percent or more of the shares of other companies; the amount of tax due on the corresponding profit is reduced in proportion to the percentage of shares held. At the cantonal level only, a "holding privilege" applies to pure holding companies. They are exempt from the cantonal corporate profit tax. Moreover, cantonal law confers a "domicile privilege" on companies who are only administered in Switzerland, but whose business is conducted abroad; including shell corporations. The cantons tax only around 10 percent of the worldwide profits of such companies.
Capital tax.
A proportional tax is levied by the cantons (at varying rates) on the "Eigenkapital" (ownership equity) of companies. Thinly capitalised companies are taxed, moreover, on the liabilities that function as equity. This also means that debts paid on such liabilities cannot be deducted for purposes of the profit tax, and are subject to the federal withholding tax.
Other federal taxes.
Value added tax.
The value added tax (VAT; "Mehrwertsteuer / Taxe sur la valeur ajoutée / Tassa sul valore aggiunto") is one of the Confederation's principal sources of funding. It is levied at a rate of 8 percent on most commercial exchanges of goods and services. Certain exchanges, including those of foodstuffs, drugs, books and newspapers, are subject to a reduced VAT of 2.4 percent. Yet other exchanges, including those of medical, educational and cultural services, are tax-exempt; as are goods delivered and services provided abroad. The party providing the service or delivering the goods is liable for the payment of the VAT, but the tax is usually passed on to the customer as part of the price.
Federal withholding tax.
The federal withholding tax ("Verrechnungssteuer / impôt anticipé / Imposta preventiva") is levied at a rate of 35 percent on certain forms of income, most notably dividend payments, interest on bank loans and bonds, liquidation proceeds, lottery prizes and payments by life insurances and private pension funds. The debtor of such payments is liable for the payment of the tax; they must pay the creditor only the net amount.
With respect to creditors resident in Switzerland, the withholding tax is only a means of securing the payment of the income or profit tax, from which the creditor may then deduct the amount already withheld, or request its refund. The same applies to foreign creditors to the extent that a tax treaty provides for it. Other foreign creditors are not eligible for a refund; with respect to them, the withholding tax is a genuine tax.
Stamp duties.
Stamp duties are a group of federal taxes levied on certain commercial transactions. The name is an anachronism and dates back to the time when such taxes were administered with physical stamps.
The issue tax ("Emissionssteuer / Tassa di emissione") is levied on the issue of certain securities such as shares and bonds. Exceptions are made, "inter alia", for securities issued in the course of a commercial reorganization, and the first million CHF of funds raised are in effect exempt from taxation. The tax amounts to one percent of the funds raised and is payable by the issuer. The trade in shell companies ("Mantelhandel") is also subject to the issue tax.
The transfer tax ("Umsatzsteuer / Imposta sulla cifra d'affari") is levied on the trade in certain securities by certain qualified traders ("Effektenhändler"; mostly stockbrokers and large holding companies). The tax amounts to 0.15 or 0.3 percent depending on whether Swiss or foreign securities are traded. Finally, an insurance premiums tax of 5 or 2.5 percent is levied on certain insurance premiums.
Border duties and miscellaneous federal taxes.
The Confederation is constitutionally empowered to levy tariffs, which were its principal sources of funding up until World War I, but are now more important as an instrument of trade policy. Additional federal taxes of lesser economic importance include taxes on the importation or manufacture of spirits, beer, tobacco, automobiles and mineral oil, as well as on gambling establishments. Citizens exempt from military service are required to pay a tax in compensation.
Other cantonal taxes.
In addition to the taxes mentioned above, the cantons are free to introduce others. Several cantons levy an inheritance tax ("Erbschaftssteuer / Imposta di successione") and a gift tax ("Schenkungssteuer / Imposta di donazione"), although there is a trend towards abolishing those. Moreover, the cantons are required by federal law to levy a tax on the profit from the sale of real estate ("Grundstückgewinnsteuer / impôt sur les gains immobiliers / Imposta sugli utili immobiliari"). Most also levy a tax on the value of the property sold ("Handänderungssteuer / impôt sur les mutations / Tassa di mutazione") so as to discourage speculation in real estate. Taxes are also frequently levied on the ownership of dogs and motor vehicles, on lotteries, on the sale of tickets to public entertainments, or on overnight stays in certain tourist destinations.
Tax-related criminal law.
Depending on the nature of the tax at issue, criminal offences related to the nonpayment of taxes are regulated in substantially different ways by cantonal and federal statutes. This section will therefore discuss only the outlines of the harmonised rules governing tax evasion and tax fraud with respect to the federal and cantonal income, profit, property and capital taxes.
It is a criminal offence under cantonal and federal law to wilfully cause one's taxes to be incompletely assessed. The statutes distinguish, however, between "tax evasion" and "tax fraud." Tax evasion is the act of causing a tax to be falsely assessed, such as through the failure to report taxable income. It is classed as a misdemeanour ("Übertretung / contravention") and is punishable by a fine of 33% to 300% of the amount of tax evaded. Tax fraud, on the other hand, occurs if a tax evasion is committed by using false documents (such as untrue corporate financial reports) for deceptive purposes. It is classed as a crime ("Vergehen / crime") and is punishable by additional imprisonment of up to three years or an additional fine of up to 30,000 CHF.
This distinction is of particular importance with respect to the level of international judicial assistance afforded by Swiss authorities to foreign states that prosecute their own citizens for tax evasions committed in Switzerland, such as by depositing undeclared income with a Swiss bank. Up until recently, Swiss law prohibited all support to foreign jurisdictions for the prosecution of fiscal offences, except to the U.S. under the terms of a 1973 agreement. Since 1983, enforcement assistance is provided (such as the search and seizure of accounts and documents) for the prosecution of fiscal "crimes" (notably, tax fraud) but not for the prosecution of fiscal "misdemeanours" (notably, tax evasion). Under pressure from the G20 and the OECD, the Swiss government announced in March 2009 that it will abolish the distinction between tax fraud and tax evasion in dealings with foreign clients. The Swiss authorities will from now on also provide judicial assistance in the event of tax evasion by a foreign client. The distinction remains valid for domestic clients.
Tax rates and statistics.
In 2002, some CHF 134 billion in taxes were levied in Switzerland, of which roughly one third was levied by the Confederation, the cantons and the municipalities, respectively. 
The overall fiscal rate was 38.5 percent of GDP in 2002. The effective individual tax rate is subject to considerable variation depending on the canton and municipality of residence. For instance, companies subject to ordinary taxation paid between 13 and 25 percent of income tax in 2006, and the "maximum" individual tax rates in major cities ranged between 12.3 percent in the canton of Zug and 32.3 percent in the canton of Jura.

</doc>
<doc id="18892409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892409" title="Elli Parvo">
Elli Parvo

Elli Parvo (17 October 1915 – 19 February 2010) was an Italian film actress, born in Milan as Elvira Gobbo. She appeared in 51 films between 1934 and 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18892429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892429" title="Stephanos Sahlikis">
Stephanos Sahlikis

Stephanos Sahlikis or Sachlikis (Στέφανος Σαχλίκης), (1330 - after 1391) was a Cretan from Handax (Irakleio) lawyer and poet who wrote satyrical poems in vernacular Greek.
His poems are written in political verse, and are the first certain instance of rhyme used in Greek. He spent his money and did time in jail, but he always kept writing poems, in very explicit language, satirizing the ethics of his time, having first hand experience.

</doc>
<doc id="18892441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892441" title="Stu Cole">
Stu Cole

Stewart Bryan Cole (born February 7, 1966 in Charlotte, North Carolina) is a former Major League Baseball player. Cole played for the Kansas City Royals in the 1991 season. In nine games, Cole had one hit in seven at-bats, with two walks. He played second base and shortstop, and batted and threw right-handed.
After managing the Double-A Tulsa Drillers from 2006–2009, Cole was named manager of the Triple-A Colorado Springs Sky Sox in May 2009. He was named third base coach for the parent Colorado Rockies on November 15, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18892448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892448" title="Pagkatapos ng Palabas">
Pagkatapos ng Palabas

Pagkatapos Ng Palabas is the third studio album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's a 10-track album released in 1978 under JEM Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18892471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892471" title="Bernardine Evaristo">
Bernardine Evaristo

Bernardine Evaristo, MBE FRSL FRSA, is an award-winning British writer and poet. 
Biography.
Evaristo was born in London to an English mother, who was a schoolteacher, and Nigerian father who was a welder, Labour councillor, shop steward and political activist. The fourth of eight children, Evaristo was raised in Woolwich, south-east London. She was educated at Eltham Hill Girls Grammar School, the Rose Bruford College of Speech and Drama and Goldsmiths College, University of London, where she earned a PhD in Creative Writing. She spent her teenage years acting at Greenwich Young People's Theatre. She lives in London with her husband. 
Writer/editor.
Evaristo is the author of seven books of fiction and verse fiction. In 2007 she co-edited the New Writing Anthology "NW15" in 2007 (Granta/British Council). She edited "Ten", an anthology of Black and Asian poets, with poet Daljit Nagra (Bloodaxe Books, 2010.) This is part of The Complete Works project (see below). She also edited, with poet Karen McCarthy, a special issue of "Wasafiri" magazine called "Black Britain: Beyond Definition" (Routledge, 2010). 
Teaching and touring.
Evaristo is Reader in Creative Writing at Brunel University (since September 2011) and currently teaches the UEA-Guardian How to Tell a Story course, in London. She has also held many writing fellowships and residencies including Georgetown University, Washington DC; Barnard College, New York; University of the Western Cape, South Africa; the Virginia Arts Festival (Virginia, USA), and Writing Fellow at the University of East Anglia, UK. Since 1997 she has been on over 80 international writing tours which involve writer-residencies and fellowships, British Council tours, book tours, teaching creative writing workshops as well as conference and literary festival appearances. 
Critic.
Evaristo writes book reviews for the national UK newspapers including the "Guardian", "The Independent" and "The Times". She has written for theatre, magazines and written drama and fiction for BBC Radio 4. In 2012, she was Chair of the Caine Prize for African Fiction; Chair of the Commonwealth Short Story Prize; Judge of the Poetry Society's "Poetry News" Competition. She was a guest editor of the Poetry Society's winter issue of "Poetry Review". She has been a judge of various literary awards including the T. S. Eliot Prize, Orange Award for New Writers and Next Generation Poets. In 2012, she initiated the Brunel University African Poetry Prize. 
In 2006 Evaristo initiated an Arts Council report into why black and Asian poets were not getting published in the UK, which revealed that under 1% of all poetry is by non-whites. When the report was published she initiated a poets' mentoring scheme. 
She has also set on councils and advisory committees for various organisations including the British Council, the Society of Authors, the Poetry Society (Chair), "Wasafiri" magazine and London Arts Board.
Honours and awards.
Since 1999 Evaristo's books have been a "Book of the Year" twelve times in British newspapers 
Bibliography.
"Mr Loverman", a novel (Penguin UK, 2013)
"Hello Mum", a novella (Penguin UK, 2010)
"Lara" - new, expanded version (Bloodaxe Books, 2009)
"Blonde Roots" (Hamish Hamilton/Penguin, 2008 & Riverhead/Penguin, USA, 2009)
"Soul Tourists" (Hamish Hamilton/Penguin, 2005)
"The Emperor's Babe" (Hamish Hamilton/Penguin, 2001)
"Lara" (Angela Royal Publishing, 1997)
"Island of Abraham" (Peepal Tree, 1994)

</doc>
<doc id="18892472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892472" title="AHE">
AHE

AHE or Ahe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18892480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892480" title="Henry B. R. Brown">
Henry B. R. Brown

Henry Bedinger Rust "Harry" Brown (February 13, 1926 – August 11, 2008) was an American financial consultant known for inventing the world's first money market fund, The Reserve Fund, with Bruce R. Bent in 1970.
Early career.
Brown was born on February 13, 1926 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where his father worked for a company that manufactured blast furnaces. He attended Harvard University, where he was a cartoonist for the "Harvard Lampoon". After graduating from college he worked for Chemical Bank in the early 1950s and later worked for a company that would later become part of Citibank. In 1963 he joined Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association in a position where he managed the firm's securities investments.
Inventing the money market fund.
Until it was overturned by the passage of the Depository Institutions Deregulation and Monetary Control Act in 1980, a United States banking law known as Regulation Q, which was enacted by Congress during the Great depression as part of the Glass–Steagall Act, prohibited banks from paying interest on demand deposit checking accounts. While well-heeled investors could earn high yields by purchasing certificates of deposit or commercial paper, investments that required investments that could reach hundreds of thousands of dollars, typical consumers were effectively frozen out of this market. Banks in the United States were able to gather substantial funds that they were able to lend out with interest without paying any returns on the funds they had received from depositors.
Sitting around their office in August 1969 and brainstorming, Bent suggested that a mutual fund could be created that would allow small investors to combine their resources and gain access to the higher yields available from purchasing a pool of CDs and commercial paper. Neither of them knew anything about the intricacies and legalities of opening a mutual fund, but research by Brown confirmed that the type of money market mutual fund that they had conceived of would be legal in all 50 states. They established the Reserve Fund to implement their idea, which languished in its first several years, building up $250,000 in debts. Early on, individuals and corporations could invest in the fund by putting in as little as $1,000. Shares in the fund were $100 each, with "dividends" paid as additional fractional shares in the account, keeping the value of each fund share at a constant price. The fund charged a management fee of 50 basis points. Though other banks and investment firms were looking at creating money market funds of their own, Bent and Brown were confident that the enormous size of the potential market and their ability to keep costs low would allow them to compete with their larger competitors.
They turned the corner after an article in the January 7, 1973 issue of "The New York Times" brought much-needed attention to their innovation. By the end of that year they had garnered investments of $100 million. The money market fund industry grew by leaps and bounds, becoming an industry that had amassed $3.5 trillion in assets by the time of Brown's death in 2008, with the Reserve Fund alone accounting for $62 billion in assets.
The invention of the money market fund by Bent and Brown was credited by the American Museum of Financial History, an affiliate of the Smithsonian Institution, as a major innovation in the financial history of the United States. Paul Samuelson, winner of the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1970, said in a speech in 2001 that Bent and Brown deserved to win a Nobel prize themselves. Upon hearing of Samuelson's statement, Brown remarked that he couldn't "say that our 'invention' resulted from any brilliance on our part", continuing that "it was actually a combination of the threat of starvation and pure greed that drove us to it".
Money market funds seek to maintain a stable $1.00 net asset value, never losing money. In the financial turmoil following the September 2008 bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers, just one month after Brown's death, the Reserve Fund saw a run on its investments after it marked down to zero the value of assets it had invested in Lehman's securities, forcing it to "break the buck", leaving investors who had held onto their investments in the fund to lose as much as three to five percent of their investment.
Personal life.
After his retirement from the financial industry, he joined with partner Chris Gerow in competing in the annual Punkin Chunkin event held in Delaware.
Brown died at age 82 of an abdominal aneurysm on August 11, 2008, at his home in Leesburg, Virginia. His residence had been owned by members of his family for more than 200 years. Brown's grandfather was United States federal judge Addison Brown, who was also a botanist and one of the founders of the New York Botanical Garden. An earlier ancestor was Virginia statesman Richard Henry Lee, whose June 1776 resolution led to the United States Declaration of Independence. Brown was unsure just how many "greats" of a grandfather Lee was to him.
He was survived by his wife, Betsey, as well as by two daughters, two sons and 10 grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="18892483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892483" title="Dinosauria (museum)">
Dinosauria (museum)

Dinosauria is a museum devoted to dinosaurs in Espéraza, Aude, a "département" of southern France.
Opened in 1992, it is directed by the association which created it, which is also named "Dinosauria". The museum exhibits at least 35 different species of dinosaurs, mounted skeletons or life-size models. It also shows documentary films to the public. The museum collections and rooms include skeletons, paleontological workshops and some other elements. In 2007, the museum received the complete skeleton of an "Ampelosaurus atacis" specimen, found six years earlier (2001) during excavations in Bellevue ("Bèlavista" in Occitan), in the town of Campagne-sur-Aude ("Campanha d'Aude" in Occitan). This skeleton is the most complete dinosaur skeleton of its size ever found in France, and is nicknamed "Eva" aftere of Eva Morvan, the student who first discovered it during the 2000/2001 excavations.

</doc>
<doc id="18892495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892495" title="Tim Lane (rugby union)">
Tim Lane (rugby union)

Tim Lane (born 24 November 1959 in Coonabarabran, New South Wales) is an Australian rugby union coach and former player.
Playing career.
As a player, he played either in the centres or at fly-half. He represented the New South Wales Waratahs and also won three caps for the Wallabies.
Coaching career.
He started his coaching career at the Manly club in Sydney where in one season took them to an undefeated premiership. In 1998 he took on the job of an assistant coach for the Wallabies,
coaching the back-line during which time the team won the Bledisloe Cup and Tri- Nations and the 1999 Rugby World Cup in Wales. In 2000 he took over coaching at Clermont Ferrand in France where he took the club to the final in his first season. At the end of the 2000/01 French season he joined the Springboks as an assistant coach for the back-line. Following coaching appointments with the Cats, the Italian national side, the Ricoh Black Rams and CA Brive he joined Toulon in January 2007 for the remainder of the 2006/07 season where he was successful in helping the club in its bid for promotion to the Top 14.
Since February 2008 he has been head coach of the Georgia national rugby union team.

</doc>
<doc id="18892509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892509" title="That's My Word">
That's My Word

"That's My Word" is the tenth album released by rapper, Keak da Sneak. It was released on September 13, 2005 for Rah Records. The single "Super Hyphy" made it to #40 on the Billboard's Rhythmic Top 40 chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18892510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892510" title="Cap Clark">
Cap Clark

John Carroll "Cap" Clark (September 19, 1906 – February 16, 1957) was a catcher for the Philadelphia Phillies. Born in Snow Camp, North Carolina, Clark graduated from Elon University in 1927. In , his only year in Major League Baseball, he played 52 games for the Phillies, 29 of them as the starting catcher. Clark died February 16, 1957 in Fayetteville, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="18892512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892512" title="Ground Zero Indicator">
Ground Zero Indicator

The Ground Zero Indicator, known by the acronym GZI was a specially designed shadowgraph instrument used by the British Royal Observer Corps during the Cold War to locate the Ground Zero of any nuclear explosion.
Overview.
The GZI consisted of four horizontally mounted cardinal compass point pinhole cameras within a white enamelled metal drum, each 'camera' contained a sheet of photosensitive paper mounted within a clear plastic cassette on which were printed horizontal and vertical calibration lines delineating compass bearing and elevation above the horizon. The bright flash from a nuclear explosion would burn a mark on one or two of the papers within the drum. The position of the burn spot enabled the bearing and height of the burst to be estimated. With triangulation between neighbouring posts these readings would give an accurate height and position. 
The altitude of the explosion was important because a ground or near ground burst would produce radioactive fallout, whereas an air burst would produce only short distance and short lived initial radiations (but no fallout). Once combined with the peak-overpressure readings from post Bomb Power Indicator readings the power of the burst in megatons could also be calculated by the Triangulation Team in the group control building, using a hand held plastic calculator device.
Operations.
Normally stored below ground the drum was mounted at the start of exercises or at Transition To War on a special above ground mount set in the concrete of the entrance hatch. Concentric lugs on the mount ensured that the drum was mounted correctly even in the dark.
The light sensitive photographic paper was unfixed chemically and had to be protected from daylight by being carried in a protective pouch strapped to the observer's chest. The cassettes were always lodged in a specific order so they could be changed in the pitch black with practice. Differing notched cutouts at the bottom of the cassettes ensured they could not be mounted at the incorrect cardinal point.
Daylight inevitably darkened the unfixed papers so routine changes were made at mid day during winter operations and twice daily, at mid day and sunset, during summer months. The sun burned a distinctive suntrail across the papers when there was no cloud cover.
Sixty seconds after any reading on the Bomb Power Indicator an observer exited the post and changed the GZI cassettes. The exposed papers were returned underground for assessment. The pre-exposed papers had a graticule grid exposed on the papers that showed degrees of bearing. The fireball from any nuclear burst within range would have burned a mark on the paper. The "spot size" and bearing would be reported to the group control together with an indication that the spot is touching or clear of the horizon, essential for indicating an air or ground burst.
Codeword.
Reports following readings on the GZI were prefixed with the words "Nuclear Burst" and the monitoring post's operational identifier e.g. "Nuclear Burst Shrewsbury 56 post - (time) oh six hundred - Bearing zero seven zero - spotsize zero six - touching".
Training.
For realistic exercise training photographic papers with simulated burst spots were prepared by the "Exercise Division" of the United Kingdom Warning and Monitoring Organisation at Cowley. Delivered sealed, the time of opening was written on the outside of the sealed envelope.
Observers trained blindfolded so that they could exit the post up the vertical steel ladder and complete a GZI cassette change quickly and even in the pitch dark of a winter's night.

</doc>
<doc id="18892516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892516" title="Marina Sysoyeva">
Marina Sysoyeva

Marina Sysoyeva (born 3 June 1959) is a retired high jumper who represented the USSR and later Kyrgyzstan.
Her greatest achievement was the fifth place at the 1980 Summer Olympics, jumping 1.91 metres. Two weeks before the competition, she had achieved a career best result of 1.93 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="18892518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892518" title="Eupatorium lindleyanum">
Eupatorium lindleyanum

Eupatorium lindleyanum, commonly called 林泽兰花 lin ze lan, is a herbaceous perennial plant in Asteraceae native from China, Japan, Korea and Siberia. There are at least two varieties including:
Description.
"Eupatorium lindleyanum" is a herbaceous perennial growing from 30 to 150 cm tall from a short rhizome. 

</doc>
<doc id="18892530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892530" title="Embassy of Russia in Vienna">
Embassy of Russia in Vienna

The Embassy of Russia in Vienna is the diplomatic mission of the Russian Federation to the Republic of Austria. The chancery is located at Reisnerstraße 45-47 in the Landstraße district of Vienna.
History of the chancery.
The building which is now the embassy chancery was built in 1872–73 based upon the designs of architect Alois Wurm-Arnkreuz in Viennese Neo-Renaissance style. The façade of the building features an open balcony and a balustrade. The colonnade, stairs and interior are made of granite and marble.
In 1874 the palace was handed to the Duke of Nassau and was acquired in 1891 by Prince Aleksey Lobanov-Rostovsky, the ambassador of the Russian Empire in Vienna at the time for use of the Russian mission. The palace later housed diplomatic representatives of the Soviet Union.
During the Vienna Offensive in 1945, the building suffered damage and was restored during 1947 and 1950. The chancery hosted a meeting between Nikita Khrushchev and John F. Kennedy in 1961 and was the site of meetings between Leonid Brezhnev and Jimmy Carter which lead to the signing on 18 June 1979 of the historic SALT II agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="18892540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892540" title="George Carter-Campbell">
George Carter-Campbell

Major-General George Tupper Campbell Carter-Campbell CB, DSO (see Carter-Campbell of Possil) (1869–1921), was commissioned in October 1889 as a second-lieutenant into the Cameronians 2nd Scottish Rifles and served in the Second Boer War as adjutant of that battalion, being promoted Brevet Major and twice mentioned in despatches.
On the outbreak of the First World War, Carter-Campbell proceeded to France with the 8th Division as second-in-command of the 2nd Scottish Rifles and was wounded at Neuve Chapelle on 10 March 1915, being awarded the D.S.O. and also the Order of St. Stanislaus. He subsequently commanded the Battalion until 23 September 1915, when he was appointed Brigadier-General to command the 94th Infantry Brigade. While holding the latter command, he was gazetted Brevet-Lieutenant-Colonel and finally Brevet-Colonel. 
He assumed command of the 51st Division on 17 March 1918 and was its G.O.C. until he was transferred to the Rhine to take command of a brigade there, shortly before the division preceded home for demobilization. While in command of the Division, Carter-Campbell was awarded the C.B. and the French Legion of Honour ("Croix du Commandeur"). 
Major General Carter-Campbell was wounded during the First World War. After the war had ended, and he had recovered sufficiently, he was made General officer commanding Northern Ireland in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="18892554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892554" title="Franco Castellano">
Franco Castellano

Franco Castellano (20 June 1925 – 28 December 1999) was an Italian screenwriter and film director. He wrote for 94 films between 1958 and 1997. He also directed 21 films between 1964 and 1992. His 1984 film "Il ragazzo di campagna" was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
He was born and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18892555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892555" title="DJL">
DJL

DJL can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18892557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892557" title="Elena Bobrovskaya">
Elena Bobrovskaya

Elena Bobrovskaya (born 11 April 1975) is a retired Kyrgyz athlete who specialized in the 100 metres and long jump.
As a sprinter she competed at the World Indoor Championships in 1997, 1999, 2001 and 2004 as well as the 2004 Olympic Games, but without reaching the final. Her personal best time was 11.35 seconds, achieved in July 2004 in Bishkek. She also had 23.35 seconds in the 200 metres, achieved in May 2004 in Tashkent.
As a long jumper she competed at the World Championships in 1999 and 2001 as well as the 2000 Olympic Games, but again without reaching the final. Her personal best jump was 6.73 metres, achieved in June 2001 in Almaty. She also had 13.14 metres in the triple jump, achieved in May 2000 in Almaty.

</doc>
<doc id="18892573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892573" title="Oksana Luneva">
Oksana Luneva

Oksana Luneva (born 2 August 1979) is a Kyrgyz sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.
She competed at the Olympic Games in 2000 and 2004, but without reaching the final.
Her personal best time was 52.14 seconds, achieved in July 2004 in Bishkek.

</doc>
<doc id="18892594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892594" title="Galina Pedan">
Galina Pedan

Galina Pedan (born 29 May 1983) is a Kyrgyz athlete who specializes in the 400 metres hurdles.
She finished eighth at the 2005 Asian Championships and fifth at the 2006 Asian Games. She also competed at the 2004 and 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
Her personal best time was 56.16 seconds, achieved in July 2004 in Almaty.

</doc>
<doc id="18892607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892607" title="DNE">
DNE

DNE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18892608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892608" title="P.U.N.K.S.">
P.U.N.K.S.

P.U.N.K.S. is a 1999 movie about a group of bullied teens who find a suit created by a scientist. The suit provides whoever wears it superhuman strength, as well as leaving the wearer open to having their body controlled by someone else via wireless computer signals. After learning that Drew's father, who has a serious heart condition, is required to present the prototype to investors, and after soon discovering that the suit would cause Drew's father to die of massive heart failure, the group goes on a mission to save his father and shut down the company responsible for building the incomplete and dangerous device.
Plot.
A research and production company is performing a live human trial for a machine called the “Augmentor 1,000.” The device is designed for medical use, with an ancillary benefit of enhanced strength. The machine’s creator, workaholic Pat Utley, objects due to potentially lethal side effects. Edward Crow, the company owner, overrules him. The Augmentor is successfully activated but the subject suddenly goes berserk until Pat literally pulls the plug on the device.
Drew, Pat’s teenage son, meets up with friends Miles and Lanny after school. All three are bullied by jocks; they later commiserate at Drew’s house and decide to form a club to defend themselves. The next day, Drew and Miles hang out at Pat’s work, and hack into the computer systems for fun. While Miles browses classified files, Drew overhears Crow demanding that Pat prepare for a motion control Augmentor demonstration. To ensure his compliance, Pat is ordered to wear the machine for the test or be taken off the project. Pat reluctantly agrees, despite a problematic heart condition. Drew concludes they’re trying to get rid of his dad, so Miles tries to find out more about the machine, but they need Crow’s superuser password.
To get it, the three of them recruit Jonny, the school hustler, for their club. Together, they trick a system supervisor out of the superuser password and download the Augmentor schematics. Miles determines that an Augmentor user will fry their nervous system in 20 minutes, but Drew’s dad would be dead in only five. They determine the best way to save Pat is to steal the machine. To help break into the building, Jonny’s cousin Samantha, a skilled car boost and lockpick, is enlisted. The team calls themselves the “P.U.N.K.S.,” an acronym formed by the first letters of their surnames. During a night raid, they successfully infiltrate the building. Miles copies and deletes the Augmentor files while Drew and Sam plant an audio bug and tap into a camera feed for surveillance from their “master control.” A silent alarm attracts guards, and Miles crashes the system with a virus before the teens narrowly escape with the Augmentor.
The day after, they learn from their audio/video feed that Crow has file backups and an Augmentor prototype. They attempt two public meets to obtain the prototype, but both fail. Crow organizes an impromptu demonstration for an important investor with Middle Eastern buyer connections which Crow needs, as he has secretly put all of his company’s financial hopes on black market trade. Frustrated with Pat, Crow decides to test out the prototype Augmentor with the remote control unit personally. Jonny uses a second motion control suit to embarrass Crow by making him do ridiculous antics. Furious, Crow threatens to fire Pat unless the real demo goes perfectly.
The victory celebration is cut short when Crow is overheard talking about eliminating them, and mentioning a troublesome FBI agent named “Houlihan.” Everyone panics and bails except Drew. He meets Houlihan, falling into a trap set by Crow. The other P.U.N.K.S. save him at the last minute by radio, and he escapes. Pat tries to resign, but is drugged and forcibly suited up for the buyer presentation. Drew returns to “master control,” only to find Crow kidnapped his friends. He rides in during the demo and rescues his friends and saves his dad. Crow puts on the Augmentor and fights Drew. The boy has the upper hand, but runs past his twenty minute limit and starts losing consciousness. As Crow prepares to pummel him, Sam intervenes in the motion control suit and has Crow beat himself up. The police arrive and arrest the criminals.
Back at school, the jocks pick on Miles, but the P.U.N.K.S. unite, and Lanny literally tosses them across the courtyard by using the Augmentor. On their way home together, Miles reads an article detailing the exposure of Crow’s operation, the arrests, and crediting the “covert team of operatives,” the P.U.N.K.S., for bringing them to justice.

</doc>
<doc id="18892619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892619" title="Witness (French band)">
Witness (French band)

Witness was a French grunge band. The band start in 1989 and created two albums (Smooth and Grimace) and 3 EP (Witness, Elec-oustic and Word Give). Witness split in 2001.
Biography.
WITNESS was created in 1989 and was composed of former members of BLUE BIRD. Their music is mainly based on the seventies’ Blues Rock and Hard Rock. The original line-up was: Cyril as vocalist, Bob as drummer, and Paco and Manu shared guitar and bass guitar. At the time, the band played some gigs on small stages. 
Eventually, Paco moved definitely to guitar, while Manu officially became the band’s bass guitar player. The band enlarged its playlist and performed more and more often in its home region, the Sarthe, but also in Brittany. WITNESS took part in various festivals and opened for CALVIN RUSSEL. 
Around 1992, many important events occurred: the band played a lot of concerts (72 in just one year), recorded an entirely DIY demo cassette (First Shoot), and turned more toward hard rock.
The following year, WITNESS hits the road and opens for alternative rock bands throughout France, playing in several festivals.
In 1994, the band recorded a darker 5-track disk named after the band, played for 15000 people at the Mans’ 24h motorbike race and adds many festival concerts to their list.
The band’s style then became more grunge-like and they recorded another DIY cassette: the 8-song Smooth. This work was followed by a 15-track album having the same name in 1996, released by Move On Prod. Gilles, who had already played guitar on some recordings, became a full-time member of the band soon after. This 5-members line-up appeared on stage during Rennes’ Transmusicales that same year, as well as in other occasions. 
In 1997, the members of the band shared an unplugged experience in bars and show-cases that can be heard on Elec-oustic.
WITNESS hit the studio during January 1998 to record Grimace, many guests contributing to this definitely electric album. Unfortunately, Bob was severely injured in May. Dennis became the drummer for a while before leaving the job to Yann, who had already helped out with percussions on Grimace. Bruno, who played the keyboards parts on the album, shared a few stages with them before taking part in some further recordings.
Bob returned as a drummer in 1999, even though he was still suffering from the effects of his accident. The band then recorded a few demos in its home-studio, in order to prepare the Avatar album. The band performed on stage for a while, but Bob was forced to leave his drumming to Yann once again during spring 2000, his handicap making it difficult for him to endure the band’s long sets and unleashed live energy.
Soon after, the band published a 4-track demo. The recording sessions for Avatar took place from summer 2000 on until 2001 at the MASTER STUDIO with Thierry Chassang, who had already worked on Grimace. The band released a 3-tracks demo the same year.
WITNESS opened for POPA CHUBBY for the Mans’ 24h and gave its last concert in September, before dissolving 2 months later.
The near-complete album Avatar will unfortunetely not be finished and remains unpublished.
The media only took small interest in the band, apart from a few positive articles in rock magazines and an appearance on a local TV.

</doc>
<doc id="18892623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892623" title="Twelve Years Together">
Twelve Years Together

Apo Hiking Society (dose) is the fifth studio album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's an 11-track album released in 1982 under Universal (then known as WEA) Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18892625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892625" title="Nikolay Davydov">
Nikolay Davydov

Nikolay Davydov (born 11 April 1970) is a retired male hammer thrower from Kyrgyzstan. His personal best throw was 77.90 metres, achieved in July 1995 in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="18892632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892632" title="EDP Renováveis">
EDP Renováveis

EDP Renováveis () is a leading renewable energy company registered in Oviedo and headquartered in Madrid that designs, develops, manages and operates power plants that generate electricity using renewable energy sources.
EDPR was established in 2007 to hold and operate the growing renewable energy assets of parent company Energias de Portugal (EDP Group), Portugal´s largest utility company headquartered in Lisbon. EDP Renováveis is the third-largest generator of wind energy globally (after Iberdrola Renovables and NextEra Energy Resources).
EDPR´s business currently includes wind farms and, to a limited extent, mini-hydro energy activities. The company has also said it is actively exploring opportunities in other renewable energy technologies.
Geography.
EDPR operates in three broad geographic areas: Europe, North America and South America. It currently owns and operates more than 180 wind farms in Spain, Portugal, France, Belgium, Poland, Romania, the United States and Brazil. It also has various wind projects in different stages of construction and development in Italy, Canada and the UK and is actively engaged in expanding its activities into other countries. As of the first quarter of 2011, EDPR employed 850 people of 16 nationalities across 42 offices worldwide.
Ownership.
EDPR is majority owned by EDP Group. EDP holds significant electricity and gas operations in Europe, Brazil and the United States through its various constituent businesses.
EDP listed 22.5% of the company in an initial public offering on Euronext Lisbon in June 2008, upon which it immediately became a member of the benchmark PSI-20 index as its fifth-largest company by market capitalisation.
Growth.
Today EDPR is 3rd in the world in wind energy based on net installed capacity and is consistently ranked in the top three in terms of growth in the sector.
EDPR´s installed gross capacity increased 20% or 1.1 GW year-over-year to 6.7 GW in 2010, giving it a compounded annual growth rate of more than 47% since 2006.
Total production of electricity by 32% to 14.352 GWh in 2010.
EDPR says it plans to continue its rapid growth with 31 GW in pipeline projects.
To date, EDPR has focused on onshore wind energy. However, to ensure long-term development, EDPR says it is exploring opportunities and closely following technological and regulatory developments in other renewable energies such as solar thermal, offshore wind and wave energy. It is also working on research and development projects to improve the output and efficiency of its wind farms.

</doc>
<doc id="18892651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892651" title="Giuseppe Moccia">
Giuseppe Moccia

Giuseppe Moccia (22 June 1933 – 20 August 2006) was an Italian screenwriter and film director. He wrote for 96 films between 1958 and 2001. He also directed 21 films between 1964 and 1997. His 1984 film "Il ragazzo di campagna" was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
He was born in Viterbo, Italy and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18892669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892669" title="Moorooduc Quarry Flora and Fauna Reserve">
Moorooduc Quarry Flora and Fauna Reserve

The Moorooduc Quarry Flora and Fauna Reserve is located in Mount Eliza, Victoria, Australia and occupies approximately 27 hectares of land. There are entrances to the reserve located on Allison Road, Canadian Bay Road, Two Bays Road and Station Street near the Moorooduc Railway Station.
History.
Rock was quarried using explosives, loaded into dobbin carts and taken to a steam powered crusher. The resulting crushed stone was loaded into larger carts and transported to the Mornington railway line via a spur-line.
After a period of neglect community interest transformed the site into a beautiful nature reserve, one of the best on the Mornington Peninsula.
Current status.
The Moorooduc Quarry Flora and Fauna Reserve is located within the boundaries of the Mornington Peninsula and Western Port Biosphere Reserve.
There are several walking tracks throughout the reserve. One track encircles the high cliffs of the quarry and another the lake at the base of the cliffs. Following the path from Station Street will take you past ruins of an explosives store. Rock climbing and abseiling were quite popular in the reserve but is now strictly prohibited. 
An Australian Government report shows that the Moorooduc Quarry Flora and Fauna Reserve failed to receive Australian Heritage status:
A copy of the report can be found in the Australian Heritage Database.
Flora.
Four species of Eucalyptus and four species of Acacia dominate the reserve. Most botanically significant is the diversity and abundance of indigenous native grasses and wildflowers. More than thirty species of orchids have been documented in the reserve. Several of these are classified as of State or Regional Significance.
Flora found in the reserve:
Fauna.
At least 45 native species of birds have been recorded as breeding in the reserve and many other species visit to feed or rest. Waterbirds are often seen on the quarry lake. Several bat species have been recorded and (supposedly) rare sightings of Koalas. The quarry lake and surrounding ponds and dams are home to small to microscopic aquatic creatures and various frogs.
Birds found in the reserve:
Mammals found in the reserve:
Reptiles found in the reserve:
Environmental issues.
Environmental weeds pose a serious threat to the survival of native flora and fauna in the reserve. Erosion is another issue of concern. Regeneration and revegetation works are slowly overcoming this problem.
Pest plants found in the reserve:

</doc>
<doc id="18892696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892696" title="Lyudmila Derevyankina">
Lyudmila Derevyankina

Lyudmila Derevyankina (born 15 June 1966) is a retired middle distance runner who represented the USSR and later Kyrgyzstan.
She set her career best times while representing Soviet. In the summer of 1988 she ran the 800 metres in 1:58.85 minutes, and the 1500 metres in 4:05.89 minutes. These times were considered Kyrgyz records.
For Kyrgyzstan she competed at the 1993 World Indoor Championships, although she did not finish the race.

</doc>
<doc id="18892704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892704" title="List of 2000 Summer Olympics medal winners">
List of 2000 Summer Olympics medal winners

The 2000 Summer Olympics were held in Sydney, Australia, from 15 September to 1 October 2000. 10,651 athletes from 199 National Olympic Committees (NOC) countries participated. The competition was made up of 300 events in 28 sports were held; 165 events were opened to men, 127 were opened to women and 10 were mixed events.
__NOTOC__
Leading medal winners.
23 competitors won at least three gold medals or three total medals.

</doc>
<doc id="18892711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892711" title="True to My Music">
True to My Music

True To My Music is the sixth studio album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's a 10-track album released in 1983 under Universal Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18892713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892713" title="Caucus of Mayors and Ostravak">
Caucus of Mayors and Ostravak

Caucus of Mayors and Ostravak () is a parliamentary group in the Czech Senate.
Members.
5 senators:

</doc>
<doc id="18892722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892722" title="Frederick Ayres">
Frederick Ayres

Frederick Ayres (born 17 March 1876; died 23 Nov 1926) was an American composer. Born in Binghamton, New York, he studied at Cornell University; further study, this time in music, came with Edgar Stillman Kelley and Arthur Foote. Ayres lived in Colorado Springs, Colorado for many years, during which time he became a "musical spokesman" for the Rocky Mountain area; he died there in 1926. Among his compositions were an overture, "From the Plains"; a string quartet and some other pieces of chamber music, and some songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18892748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892748" title="Liana Orfei">
Liana Orfei

Liana Orfei (born 6 June 1937) is an Italian actress and circus artist. She appeared in 37 films between 1959 and 1971. 
Born in San Giovanni in Persiceto, Bologna, daughter and nephew of famous circus artists, since her childhood Orfei started her engagement in activities typical of the sector such as being a clown, a horsewoman and even a tamer of wild beasts. Her film career began in the late 1950s, when she played some secondary roles in several films of adventure and peplum genre and in some comedies. In a short time she landed more significant productions and roles, working with directors such as Ettore Scola, Mario Monicelli, Antonio Pietrangeli, Dino Risi. She retired from acting after playing a role inspired on herself in Federico Fellini's "I clowns" (1970). She was also pretty active on stage and in television. 
She is the cousin of the actress Moira Orfei.

</doc>
<doc id="18892763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892763" title="Kim Il">
Kim Il

Kim Il is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18892781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892781" title="1982 Benson and Hedges Open – Singles">
1982 Benson and Hedges Open – Singles

Tim Wilkison defeated Russell Simpson 6-4, 6-4, 6-4 to win the 1982 Heineken Open singles competition. Bill Scanlon was the champion but did not defend his title.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18892783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892783" title="Feet on the Ground">
Feet on the Ground

Feet On The Ground is the seventh studio album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's an 11-track album released in 1984 under Universal Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18892800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892800" title="Jill Teed">
Jill Teed

Jill Teed is a Canadian actress who resides in Vancouver with her young daughter. She is a genre actress who appears in many sci-fi roles. She has appeared in a range of television guest roles such "Street Justice", "The X-Files", "Stargate SG-1", "Sliders", and "The Outer Limits". She has also appeared in the movies such as "X-Men 2" as Bobby Drake's mother, "Mission to Mars" and "Turbulence II: Fear of Flying". She also played the role of FBI Agent Kaayla Brooks in "Reluctant Heroes", a Season Four episode of "". 
More recently she played Maggie Sawyer, a Metropolis police chief, on "Smallville". She portrayed Sergeant Hadrian, the "Galactica"'s Master-at-Arms, in the first season of "Battlestar Galactica". She also played the character Colonel Lasky in the web series "Halo 4: Forward Unto Dawn".

</doc>
<doc id="18892817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892817" title="High River (provincial electoral district)">
High River (provincial electoral district)

High River is a former provincial electoral district in Alberta that existed from 1905 to 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="18892820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892820" title="List of people executed in the Papal States">
List of people executed in the Papal States

This is a list of people executed in the Papal States under the government of the Popes or during the 1810-1819 decade of French rule. Although capital punishment in Vatican City was legal from 1929 to 1969, no executions took place in that time. This list does not include people executed by other authorities of the Roman Catholic Church or those executed by Inquisitions other than the Roman Inquisition, or those killed in wars involving the Papal States, or those killed extrajudicially.
Most executions were related to the punishment of civil crimes committed within the Papal States, with the condemned convicted within the civil courts of the Papal States; for example, in 1585, Pope Sixtus V initiated a "zero tolerance" crackdown on crime, which according to legend resulted in more severed heads collected on the Castel Sant'Angelo bridge than melons in the Roman markets. The best records are from the tenure of Giovanni Battista Bugatti, the executioner of the Papal States between March 22, 1796 and August 17, 1861, who recorded the name of the condemned, the crime, and the location of the execution for each of the 516 "justices" he performed for the governments, papal or French. Bugatti's list ends: "So ends the long list of Bugatti. May that of his successor be shorter".
Before 1816, the most common methods of execution were the axe and noose (with burning at the stake used in high profile instances); after 1816, the guillotine (installed by the French during their control of Rome) became the norm. However, after 1816, two other methods—the "mazzatello" (crushing of the head with a large mallet, followed by a cutting of the throat) and drawing and quartering (sometimes, but not always, after a hanging)—continued to be used for crimes that were considered "especially loathsome".
The execution sites of choice were the Ponte Sant'Angelo, the bridge in front of the Castel Sant'Angelo, the Piazza del Popolo, and Via dei Cerchi near the Piazza della Bocca della Verita. Papal law prescribed a payment of only three cents of the Roman lira per execution for the executioner to "mark the vileness of his work" but did not prohibit the free lodging, tax concessions, and large pension awarded to Bugatti.
List of people executed by the Holy See.
15th century.
Note: Girolamo Savonarola, Domenico da Pescia and Fra Silvestro executed in Florence (May 23, 1498) were condemned by a Florentine court. Similarly, Pietro Bernardino, a follower of Savonarola, was condemned and executed at Mirandola (1502).
19th century.
1810-1819.
"The following executions were carried out by beheading under French rule."
"Under Restored Pontifical Governance:" 

</doc>
<doc id="18892825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892825" title="Mix 94.5 (disambiguation)">
Mix 94.5 (disambiguation)

Mix 94.5 may refer to one of the following radio stations:

</doc>
<doc id="18892830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892830" title="James G. Heller">
James G. Heller

James G. Heller (January 4, 1892-December 19, 1971) was an American composer and rabbi. Born in New Orleans, Louisiana, he studied music with Edgar Stillman Kelley after moving to Cincinnati to study theology. He also wrote program notes for the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, and continued to compose in his free time, although little of his music was published. He died in 1971.
Heller was a supporter of Zionism and in 1930, following the peace between the two great factions of American Zionism, split since 1921 and led by Louis Lipsky and Louis Brandeis. Heller was appointed as one of six "Lipskyites" with 12 "Brandeisites" to the Administrative Committee of 18, which was agreed to govern the Zionist Organization of America; he was in charge of 'cultural activities'.

</doc>
<doc id="18892837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892837" title="Mario Amendola">
Mario Amendola

Mario Amendola (8 December 1910 – 22 December 1993) was an Italian screenwriter and film director. He wrote for 153 films between 1941 and 1987. He also directed 37 films between 1949 and 1975. He directed the first Spaghetti Western, "Terror in Oklahoma" in 1959.
He was born in Genova, Italy and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18892853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892853" title="The Worst of Apo Hiking Society">
The Worst of Apo Hiking Society

The Worst of Apo Hiking Society is the second live album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's an 8-track album released in 1985 under Universal Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18892860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892860" title="Lucky Lady">
Lucky Lady

Lucky Lady is a 1975 American film directed by Stanley Donen and starring Gene Hackman, Liza Minnelli and Burt Reynolds, with Robby Benson. Its story takes place during Prohibition in the United States in the year 1930.
Gene Hackman initially did not want to do the film, but 20th Century Fox kept offering him more and more money. Finally, Fox offered him $1.25 million, and according to talent agent Sue Mengers, "it was almost obscene for him not to do the film."
On February 1, 2011 Shout! Factory released the film on DVD for the first time.
Plot.
During the Prohibition era, a young widow, Claire, gets involved in liquor smuggling and romance with two men, Walker and Kibby, off the San Diego coast. Organized crime controls bootlegging back east and wants to do the same here, so a hit man named McTeague is sent to deal with these amateur crooks, as is the Coast Guard, leading to various battles at sea.
Release.
The film earned rentals of $12.1 million in North America.
Additional information.
This film was also released under the following titles:

</doc>
<doc id="18892877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892877" title="Tiffany (given name)">
Tiffany (given name)

Tiffany is an English form of the Greek Theophania. It was formerly often given to children born on the feast of Theophania, that is, Epiphany. The equivalent Greek male name is Theophanes (Θεοφάνης), commonly shortened to Phanis (Φάνης) and the female is Theophania (Θεοφανία) or Theophano (Θεοφανώ), colloquially Phani (Φανή).
The name was popular in the US during the 1980s and early 1990s - between 1980 and 1991 the number of babies named Tiffany born each year exceeded 10,000, peaking at 18,361 in 1988. 
People with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="18892879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892879" title="Olmsted Locks and Dam">
Olmsted Locks and Dam

The Olmsted Locks and Dam is a locks and concrete dam project currently under construction on the Ohio River at river mile 964.4 to replace Locks and Dam 52 and 53 to greatly reduce tow and barge delays. The locks are located about 17 miles upstream from the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers at Olmsted, Illinois. The lock chambers, completed in 2002, are wide and long.
According to the US Army Corp of Engineers, the new dam and locks will reduce passage time from 5 hours currently to under 1 hour with the new system.

</doc>
<doc id="18892897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892897" title="Lucie Idlout">
Lucie Idlout

Lucie Idlout (born Tatanniq Lucie d'Argencourt) is a Canadian singer/songwriter from Nunavut. She is the daughter of Leah Idlout-Paulson and granddaughter of Joseph Idlout.
After the release of several EPs, Idlout's first full length album, "E5-770, My Mother’s Name", hit the streets in 2004. The title, a homage to her mother, was directed at the Canadian government's dark history of identifying Inuit by disc numbers instead of their names. E5-770 was the disc number issued to her mother. The government policy was instituted in 1944 but ran from 1941 - 1978. Her song "Birthday", off of the same album, appeared in Dan Birman's "Crime Spree", starring Gérard Depardieu and Harvey Keitel. Though she had already garnered national and international attention, it was when she opened for The White Stripes at their concert in Iqaluit on June 27, 2007, that the media began to truly take notice. 
Her second album, "Swagger", was released in February 2009. The album includes "Lovely Irene", which was later reworked with a children's choir from Iqaluit and renamed "Angel Street". The song inspired Iqaluit Mayor Elisapee Sheutiapik to launch a campaign to call attention to the issue of domestic violence in Canada by asking Canadian cities to name a city street Angel. To date there are eight cities with street names bearing the title "Angel" after this ambitious project.
In fall 2009, she recorded a new song, "Road to Nowhere", for CBC Radio 2's "Great Canadian Song Quest". She has since written the score for renowned filmmaker Zacharias Kunuk's film "Inuit Knowledge and Climate Change", as well as music for several television shows. In 2012, Idlout guest starred as a lesbian throat singer in CBC's "Arctic Air". 
Filmmaker Shane Belcourt also cited Idlout, a close friend of his sister Christi, as an influence on the themes of his 2007 film "Tkaronto".

</doc>
<doc id="18892898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892898" title="Kurki (disambiguation)">
Kurki (disambiguation)

Kurki of Laukko refers to a Finnish noble family.
Kurki may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18892941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892941" title="Fuzz (film)">
Fuzz (film)

Fuzz is a 1972 American action comedy film directed by Richard A. Colla and starring Burt Reynolds, Yul Brynner, Raquel Welch, Tom Skeritt, and Jack Weston.
The screenplay was written by Evan Hunter, based on the 1968 novel of the same name that was part of the "87th Precinct" series he wrote under the name Ed McBain. Dave Grusin composed the film's soundtrack score.
Unlike the series 87th Precinct, which is set in a fictional metropolis based in New York City, "Fuzz" is set and was shot on location in Boston, Massachusetts.
Plot.
Detectives Steve Carella (Reynolds), Meyer Meyer (Weston), Eileen McHenry (Welch), and Bert Kling (Skeritt) are part of the 87th Precinct's team investigating a murder-extortion racket run by a mysterious deaf man (Brynner). While attempting to investigate and prevent the murders of several high-ranking city officials, they also must keep track of the perpetrators of a string of robberies. Further complicating matters is a rash of arson attacks on homeless men.
Controversy.
In Boston, on October 2, 1973, 24-year-old Evelyn Wagler, after running out of fuel, was walking back to her car with a two-gallon can of gasoline. Six teenagers dragged her into an alley and forced her to pour gasoline on herself. She complied, and was then set on fire by the teenagers. The teenagers walked away laughing. Wagler was white, and the youths were black, and this murder occurred during a racially tense period in Boston history. After the incident, the press reported that "Fuzz" had aired the previous weekend, and the perpetrators may have re-enacted the fictional arson attack portrayed in the movie. The case was never solved.
In Miami, on October 20, 1973, 38-year old Charles Scales, a homeless person sleeping outdoors behind an abandoned building, was approached by a group of teenagers, doused with gasoline, and set on fire. Two other homeless people were also attacked in the same incident, but fortunately escaped. A homeless person that survived stated the teenagers “Were laughing and throwing gas and striking matches” at them. The film "Fuzz" was mentioned in the news reports about the killing, as the attack completely mimicked the movie’s plot. Both the perpetrators and victims were black, ruling out the motivation for the murder may have been racial in nature.
The incidents led to a careful review by network Standards and Practices and a general public feeling that violence on television was inspiring violence in real life. Networks had to curb their violence throughout the decade as a result, and "Fuzz" got pulled temporarily from TV movie blocks until it returned in its uncut version to cable years later.
Filming.
The film's opening-credits sequence was filmed in and around Charlestown's City Square station on the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority's elevated Orange Line (demolished three years later), as well as the MBTA's Red Line as it emerged from its Cambridge tunnel to cross the Longfellow Bridge en route into Boston. Other Boston filming locations included the North End, the Boston Common, and the Public Garden, where Burt Reynolds runs around disguised as a nun.

</doc>
<doc id="18892964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892964" title="DRG Class E 91">
DRG Class E 91

Three different types of German electric goods train locomotive belonged to the Deutsche Reichsbahn's DRG Class E 91. In addition to the standard locomotives ("Einheitslokomotive") described below there was also a Prussian class that was given the designation E 913 in 1927.
E 91.0 und E 91.8.
History.
As early as 1922 the first order was placed by the Deutsche Reichsbahn for 30 heavy goods train electric locomotives with a C+C wheel arrangement for mountain railway services, as part of their procurement plan for electric locomotives. They were delivered by Krauss (mechanical elements) and WASSEG (electrical equipment) in 1925 and 1926. Sixteen units were allocated to the Bavarian railway network. They were given the designation "EG 5 22 501 – 516" by the Bavarian Group Administration. The other 14 machines were deployed to the Silesian network as "EG 581 Breslau" to "EG 594 Breslau". From 1927 they were given operating numbers "E 91 01 – 16" and "E 91 81 – 94". In 1927 a further four locomotives were delivered that had been ordered with Bavarian operating numbers, but were delivered with the new numbers "E 91 17 – 20".
Classes E 91 and E 77 were very similar. The three-axle driven bogies had an inside frame. Each had a double motor driving its axles via a Winterthur diagonal side-rod drive ("Schrägstangenantrieb"). The superstructure was in three sections. The front and rear sections each had a driver's cab and an engine room and were fixed to the bogies. The centre section was suspended between the front and rear sections and was articulated. The gangways between the individual sections of the engine room were protected by bellows; there were no dividing walls. The Bavarian locomotives could be easily told from their Silesian counterparts by the additional front door between the two cab windows (see photograph, right, of the Bavarian E 91 11, parked up in AW Frankfurt as a stationary transformer for the test shop. Unlike the E 91.9, it had air vents that can be clearly seen along the lower half of the sides).
The machines were to be able to haul goods trains of 1,200 tonnes at 35 km/h on a 10 ‰ incline and passenger trains of 500 tonnes at 45 km/h. Because the engines were intended for goods and passenger services, which did not require high top speeds, these locomotives fully met their intended expectations.
In the DRG, the south German engines remained permanently in Bavaria at Munich main station, Regensburg, Rosenheim and Freilassing locomotive depots. The Silesian machines, whose delivery had begun in 1925, were homed in Hirschberg/Jelenia Góra depot. Of those, numbers E 91 89 to E 91 91 were transferred to Ulm shed in the Stuttgart Reichsbahn railway division in 1933. In 1943, E 91 88 and E 91 94 were moved to Bavaria, and E 91 82, 92 and 93 followed in 1944.
The remaining engines, E 91 83 to E 91 87, were transferred to the Soviet Zone in autumn 1945. They were given to the USSR in 1946 as war reparations. After their return in 1952/53 they remained mothballed. A new lease of life on the Rübeland Railway did not come to fruition, because it soon became apparent that this line would be electrified for 25 kV, 50 Hz. The engines were retired in 1962 and scrapped in 1965.
Of the south German engines, E 91 05 had been retired in 1934 and E 91 17 in 1944. After further retirements, 17 locomotives remained in the DB fleet in 1950 (numbers E 91 01 - 03, 07 - 11, 13, 15, 16, 18, 20, 81, 88, 89 and 94) and they were modernised between 1958 and 1960, all the electrical equipment being renewed. The driver's cabs were changed (gangways and window shields removed and the third window at front and rear replaced with a larger one). On the introduction of computerised operating numbers, the locomotives were reclassified in 1969 to 191s and given three-digit running numbers. In their final years the engines were not only deployed in south German locomotive depots, but also at Oberhausen in the Ruhrgebiet. Due to their low top speed, they were mainly used on shunting duties. They were retired between 1969 and 1975.
E 91.9.
History.
Because more electric locomotives were required as a result of the expansion of the network and the increase in traffic, the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft issued a follow-on order for twelve E 91s in 1927 to cover the most pressing requirements. The locomotives were to be equipped with an electric brake for hauling heavy trains on long inclines. In addition the original design had to be changed in order to save weight. As a platform for testing the electric brake, locomotive E 95 02 was equipped with it on delivery.
The engines were supplied in 1929 by AEG and WASSEG (a joint venture between AEG and SSW) with numbers E 91 95 - 106 and stationed at Waldenburg-Dittersbach / Wałbrzych-Podgórze locomotive depot for duties on the Silesian network. Compared with the original version of the Class E 91, they differed not only technically in terms of their lower weight (a weight saving achieved above all by the traction motors) and electric brakes, but the locomotives were also longer. There was no difference in power between the two types. Externally the newer machines could easily be spotted from their three large cab windows and the air vents along the side, that were all level with the engine room window. In order to distinguish them from the older model, they were grouped into the new class E 919.
Locomotive E 91 96 was retired as early as 1943 after an accident, but not dismantled in southern Germany until after the war. Even before the end of the war, numbers E 91 95 to E 91 102 were moved to south Germany. Number E 91 104 found itself in the Dessau repair shop ("Reichsbahnausbesserungswerk" or "RAW") with bomb damage. Locomotives E 91 103, 105 and 106 also sent there in October 1945. These three engines and spare parts from the dismantled E 91 104 were sent to the Soviet Union in 1946 as pat of the war reparations. After their return in 1952/53 they remained sidelined, were retired in 1962 and scrapped the following year.
The war damage on E 91 95 was not repaired and it was retired in 1949. The remaining locomotives (E 91 97 - 102) remained in service with the Deutsche Bundesbahn and, like the E 91.0 engines, were modernised between 1957 and 1960. On the introduction of the DB classification scheme on 1 January 1968 they were reclassified as 191 097 - 102. Their retirement followed in 1974 (191 097, 098, 102) and 1975 (191 099 - 101).
On 27 November 1975 the last locomotive of Class 191, number 191 099, was retired, but was retained as a museum locomotive. On the occasion of the 150th anniversary of the railway in Germany in (1985) the engine was made operational with parts from 191 100 and was able to take part in the parade of locomotives during the anniversary celebrations. But as a result of damage she had to be sidelined again. She is at present in the Augsburg Railway Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18892974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892974" title="Church of the Resurrection (New York City)">
Church of the Resurrection (New York City)

Church of the Resurrection (New York City) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18892984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892984" title="Parker McLachlin">
Parker McLachlin

Parker Nicholas McLachlin (born May 10, 1979) is an American professional golfer who currently plays on the PGA Tour. 
McLachlin was born in Honolulu, Hawaii. He graduated from Punahou School in 1997 and UCLA in 2002 with a degree in sociology.
McLachlin turned professional in 2003 and played on mini-tours until 2006 when he played the Nationwide Tour. He played on the PGA Tour in both 2007 and 2008 after successfully completing qualifying school each year. In 2008, he won his first PGA Tour event, the Legends Reno-Tahoe Open, and secured his tour card through 2010. McLachlin has not played full-time since 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18892985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892985" title="Emergency fighter">
Emergency fighter

An emergency fighter is an aircraft designed or adapted for use as a fighter during an emergency period in war. While useful as a broad concept or definition, it is not easy to make the category of emergency fighter clear cut, as many aircraft designs are produced under pressure in wartime, and aircraft which were hastily adapted for use as fighters may then go on to have a mainstream career.
The context.
The crisis which gives rise to an emergency fighter may have been the sudden outbreak of war, which resulted in a country lacking sufficient fighter aircraft. This was the case for Australia at the beginning of the Pacific War in World War II; with both the UK and the USA committing its production capacity to supplying their own needs, they had to create their own indigenous design resulting in the Commonwealth Boomerang.
An emergency fighter may also have been produced to meet a need for a particular sort of fighter aircraft. For instance, Britain’s RAF used hastily converted Bristol Blenheim light bombers as twin engined heavy fighters. A materials shortage arising in the course of conflict may have led to experiments with new kinds of fighters, like the Finnish VL Humu, which was based on the American Brewster F2A, but with a higher proportion of wood in its construction.
Emergency fighters were also designed to a tight time scale in a crisis situation, in the hope that a new aircraft might be able to change a nation’s fortunes. Most famous of these was undoubtedly the Heinkel He 162 jet aircraft of Germany.
Many examples of the emergency fighter concept date from the Second World War. In that global conflict, situations of strategic national emergency arose in several nations due to total war. At the same time, fighter design was still sufficiently simple that an aircraft designed and produced in a matter of months had some chance of being effective.
Types of solution.
Some emergency fighters were aircraft designed for other purposes but pressed into service to meet an immediate need. In early 1942 eight Australian Wirraway trainer and general purpose military aircraft were used to intercept a Japanese raid on Rabaul, with disastrous effects when all the defenders were shot down. Some Russian Sukhoi Su-2 light bombers were used as fighters during the opening days of Operation Barbarossa when nothing else was available.
To meet the challenge posed by a shortage of strategic materials like the light alloys used in aircraft construction, several prototype emergency fighters were designed to use more readily available materials. For example, the British Martin-Baker MB 2 used a simple design made from steel tubes, while the VL Myrsky used much plywood. However, less strategically important materials like steel or wood tended to affect the performance of the aircraft adversely.
Adaptation of existing aircraft.
The advantage of adapting existing aircraft was that the emergency fighter could be produced quickly. A variety of aircraft types were used: the Bristol Blenheim light bomber lacked performance in its intended role as a heavy day fighter, but found a useful niche as a strike fighter in Coastal Command and as a night fighter, pioneering the use of airborne intercept radar; the Russian Ilyushin Il-2 was occasionally used to escort other Shturmoviks on ground attack missions; and 26 British Miles Masters were produced, but never used, as the M.24 Master fighter with a single seat and six wing guns.
Modern attack aircraft are usually equipped to carry short range air-to-air missiles for self-defense, some airforces because of inventory shortages will task their attack aircraft with a secondary air to air role, for example as with the Portuguese A-7 attack squadrons. During the late 1980s and early 1990s the United Kingdom planned to use their BAe Hawk trainer aircraft as point-defence fighters.
New designs.
Very few new emergency fighter designs progressed beyond the prototype stage. Of those that did, the Commonwealth Boomerang was probably the most successful, but even then it was most effectively used in the ground support role. The Heinkel He 162 entered mass production and even squadron service, shooting down some opponents, but its effectiveness was limited by a dire shortage of fuel in the collapsing Reich.
Other designs which did not enter service included the British Miles M.20, which had a similar performance to the contemporary Hawker Hurricane; and the American Bell XP-77.
Emergency fighters by country of origin.
Germany.
In the final years of the war, Nazi Germany produced a wide array of radical aircraft concepts. Some of these did not progress beyond initial design stages. An emergency fighter competition was also launched to develop jet aircraft with great performance advantages over Allied aircraft.
Sweden.
Neutral Sweden built up its airforce during World War II, in an effort to deter potential aggressors. It was difficult to obtain foreign built aircraft, so new designs were built locally.
United Kingdom.
The crisis point for the British RAF came at the Battle of Britain, and British use of emergency fighters centres on this time.
United States of America.
The vast manufacturing resources of the USA, and its lack of vulnerability to invasion, meant that emergency fighters were not extensively developed. Only the Bell XP-77 lightweight fighter using non-strategic materials could be considered akin to an emergency fighter.
However, the United States Navy did use the SBD Dauntless dive-bomber as combat air patrol aircraft in emergencies, including during the Battle of Coral Sea. On 8 May, 1942, Pilot Stanley "Swede" Vejtasa claimed three A6M Zeroes shot down when his scouting squadron was pressed into service to defend the USS Yorktown. 
Assessment.
Very few emergency fighters entered service, and of those that did, even fewer types achieved effectiveness in operations. Two main factors can be identified for this failure:
Overall therefore it can be seen that the lack of operational effectiveness of emergency fighters stemmed from the inherent limitations of the concept.

</doc>
<doc id="18892997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18892997" title="China Folk Culture Village">
China Folk Culture Village

The China Folk Culture Village (深圳中国民俗文化村) is a part of Splendid China Folk Village in Shenzhen, China. It is located adjacent to the Splendid China theme park and features displays of the daily life and architecture of China's 56 ethnic groups. It was opened to the public in October 1991.
Villages.
The park's recreated villages include the following:
Festivals.
The China Folk Culture Village has featured several cultural festivals, including the Water Splashing Festival of the Dai, the Shawm Festival of the Miao, the Torch Festival of the Yi, the Huaxia Great Cultural Temple Fair, the Xinjiang Cultural Festival, and the Inner Mongolia Grassland Cultural Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18893002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893002" title="Mitsubishi 1MT">
Mitsubishi 1MT

__NOTOC__
The Mitsubishi 1MT was a Japanese single-seat triplane torpedo bomber built by Mitsubishi for the Imperial Japanese Navy. Designed by the former Sopwith designer Herbert Smith it was intended for use aboard the Japanese aircraft carrier .
The 1MT1N flew for the first time in August 1922 and it entered service as the Navy Type 10 Torpedo Bomber. 20 aircraft were built, but the aircraft was difficult to fly and unable to operate from an aircraft carrier when carrying a torpedo. The type was soon withdrawn and scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="18893003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893003" title="Direksyon">
Direksyon

Direksyon is the eighth studio album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's a 10-track album released in 1986 under Universal Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18893004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893004" title="Mixx FM">
Mixx FM

Mixx FM may refer to one of the following radio stations:

</doc>
<doc id="18893008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893008" title="Impasse (1969 film)">
Impasse (1969 film)

Impasse is a 1969 American film starring Burt Reynolds and costarring Anne Francis, Vic Diaz, Lyle Bettger and Rodolfo Acosta. The film concerns a group of adventurers trying to recover gold lost in the Philippines during World War II.
Plot.
Pat Morrison (Reynolds) runs a shady salvage operation in Manila. His latest scheme involves finding $3 million worth of gold bars hidden by the military during World War II. To this end, he needs the help of several former soldiers who were present when the gold was hidden. The first is Jesus (Vic Diaz), a Filipino muslim and Morrison's business associate. The second is Draco (Rodolfo Acosta), a hard-drinking, hot-tempered Apache living on an Indian reservation who answers Morrison's telegram with the promise of finding a wartime lover named Maria Bonita.
The trio then breaks the third man, the bigoted Hansen (Lyle Bettger), out of a Filipino jail. Draco eventually manages to find Maria in a local bar, but discovers that she has grown older and gained weight. Meanwhile, Morrison rescues the captured Trev Jones (Clarke Gordon), a veteran with a heart condition who has been abducted by Wombat (Jeff Corey). With Trev's help, Morrison and company are able to figure out the gold's exact location in the Malinta Tunnel on the island of Corregidor. Along the way, Morrison falls in love with Jones's daughter Bobby (Anne Francis), a tennis champion. This complicates matters as Morrison is sleeping with Jesus's Japanese wife Mariko (Miko Mayama), a fact that Jesus discovers and confronts Morrison with.
Despite their differences, the four men are able to successfully locate and retrieve the gold. However, they meet resistance in the Philippine military. A gunfight ensues that leaves Hansen dead, Draco wounded and Jesus captured. After a brief chase, Morrison finds his escape route blocked and it is revealed that a jealous Mariko had tipped authorities off to their plan. The film ends at the airport with Bobby returning to the United States and a smiling Morrison being led away in handcuffs.
Reception.
Howard Thompson of the New York Times described the film as "a good one that may get away all to soon", a reference to its limited release. While he cited a couple of glaring plot holes, he praised the exotic setting, the performances, script and direction.

</doc>
<doc id="18893013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893013" title="Marathi Christians">
Marathi Christians

Marathi Christians or Marathi Christi () are an ethno-religious community residing in the Indian state of Maharashtra. Only three percent of people in Maharashtra are Christians. 
Marathi Christians are one of two Christian ethnic communities in Maharashtra. The other group, East Indians, are predominantly Catholic, and are concentrated in coastal Maharashtra, especially the districts of Thane, Mumbai. Most Marathi Christians are Protestants living in Ahmednagar, Solapur, Nashik, Pune, Aurangabad, and Jalna. The few Catholics are often immigrants from Thane and Goa, or local products of Jesuit missions. Ecumenical cooperation between Catholic and Protestant Marathi Christians is generally greater than in other communities, and the literacy rate of Marathi Christians is very high.
History.
Most Marathi Christians are converts from Hinduism, as a result of Christian missions such as the American Marathi Mission, Church Mission Society, and the Church of England's SPG Mission. Around the turn of the 19th century, British Baptist missionary William Carey was instrumental in translating the Bible into the Marathi language. Literate Hindu converts from high castes, such as Brahmin, often served as religious instructors to others. 
In Ahmednagar, several such Hindus converted to Christianity, such as Ramkrishna Modak, a Chitpavan Brahman and ancestor of Marathi actor Shahu Modak, and Narayan Waman Tilak. Although today the Ahmednagar district has a fairly large number of Christians, these people identify as Indians first and Christians second. Addressing the aggressive American Marathi Mission, Tilak said "Pack up yea your belongings and be gone, if you do not love this sacred land of Hindus." 
Culture.
Marathi Christian culture resembles that of Hindu culture in areas such as dress and cuisine. Many Marathi Christians maintain the Hindu customs of mangalsutras, and decoration of brides and grooms with turmeric.
The Marathi poet Narayan Wamanrao Tilak believed a Hindu-Christian synthesis was impossible unless the native Christian religion had deep roots in Indian culture, so he trained Marathi Christians to worship and sing bhajans and kirtans.
By district.
Ahmednagar.
As of 2000, Christians make up 10 percent of the Ahmednagar population, a significant number of whom are located in the eastern part of the district. A majority of them are Protestants, and the largest denomination is the Church of North India. The followers of the American Marathi Mission are found throughout the Ahmednagar district, except in the southwest. Most villages has their own churches. Most Christians in Ahmednagar are part of the Mahar social group; where in other part of Maharashtra, many of these people converted to Buddhism.
Most Christian converts in Ahmednagar kept their Hindu names, but preferred Christian names for their children. Christians from Ahmednagar form one endogamous community, although the Hindu caste system still affects marriage patterns.
Nashik.
Christians are found throughout Nashik, although they only account for .13 percent of the population. The only Christian village is Sharanpur, or the City of Refuge, which was founded by the Reverend W.S. Price of the Church Mission Society in 1854. In 1860, the mission established an asylum in Mumbai for freed African slaves, who were taught to read and write Marathi and English. In 1874, the asylum was disestablished, and the former slaves returned to Kenya, where they formed a Christian village in Mombasa.
Pune.
According to the 1951 census the Christian Population of the Pune district was 37,243, including Europeans, Anglo-Indians. However, emigration since then has made the Christian community of Pune almost exclusively Indian, and governed to a great extent by Indian priests and pastors. About half of Pune Catholics are of Goan origins, descendents of early Goan Christians who came to serve as gunners in the Marathan army. Protestant churches in the district include St. Paul Church, the Church of St. Mary the Virgin, and the Church of Holy Angels, Rasta Peth. Catholic churches include St. Patrick Cathedral, St. Francis Xavier, St. Anne, and Immaculate Conception.
Solapur.
Most Christians in Solapur are natives converted by the American Marathi Mission, which was established in Solapur in 1862. Solapur Christians have partnerships with their Ahmednagar counterparts, with whom they share a common local culture.
Yavatmal.
The American Free Methodist church maintains missions at Yavatmal, Wani, Umri, Rajur and Darwah.

</doc>
<doc id="18893058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893058" title="Behrens (horse)">
Behrens (horse)

Behrens (foaled 1994 in Kentucky) is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse. Out of the mare Hot Novel, he was sired by the 1981 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes winner, Pleasant Colony.
Raced by William Clifton, Jr. and the Rudlein Stable of Donald and Anne Rudder, Behrens did not race until age three when he made a winning debut in January 1997 at Gulfstream Park in Hallandale Beach, Florida. He did not race for another six months as a result of arthroscopic surgery for an ankle chip. On his return to competition, Behrens won again then in July at Belmont Park in Elmont, New York, won the Dwyer Stakes. In the August Travers Stakes at Saratoga Race Course, Behrens finished second by a nose to Deputy Commander, then in September scored a 5¾ length win in the Pegasus Handicap at the Meadowlands Racetrack in New Jersey in which he beat a field that included the heavily favored Touch Gold. In that year's Breeders' Cup Classic, Behrens disappointed his backers with a seventh-place finish.
At age five Behrens had his best season in racing. His wins in 1999 included the Grade I's Gulfstream Park Handicap and Oaklawn Handicap, the Grade II Suburban Handicap, plus the Massachusetts Handicap in which he defeated Real Quiet. In addition, Behrens earned second-place in the Donn Handicap, Whitney Handicap and the Jockey Club Gold Cup Stakes.
As a six-year-old, Behrens won his second straight Grade I Gulfstream Park Handicap, was second to Dubai Millennium in the Dubai World Cup, and had seconds in the Woodward Stakes and Suburban Handicap. In 1999 he again finished seventh in the Breeders' Cup Classic.
Retired to stud duty, Behrens currently stands at Victory Rose Thoroughbreds in Vacaville, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18893059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893059" title="Made in the Philippines">
Made in the Philippines

Made in the Philippines is the ninth studio album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's a 10-track album released in 1987 under Universal Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18893076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893076" title="Bambuí, Minas Gerais">
Bambuí, Minas Gerais

Bambuí is a Brazilian municipality located in the west of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 21,850 people living in a total area of 1,455 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Triângulo Mineiro and Alto Paranaíba and to the micro-region of Piumhi. It became a municipality in 1881.
Location.
The city center of Bambuí is located at an elevation of 706 meters on a plateau and straddles parallel 20°. Neighboring municipalities are: Tapiraí and Córrego Danta (N), Luz (NE), Iguatama (E), Doresópolis (SE), Piumhi (S), São Roque de Minas and Medeiros (W).
Communications and Distances.
Bambuí is connected to major population centers by highways MG-050, BR-354 and BR-262. The distance to Belo Horizonte is 270 km.
Origin of the name.
Some historians believe that the name of the city was given by the Negros who lived in the region and belonged to a runaway slave colony called Campo Grande. This hypothesis is reinforced by the existence of a city with the same name in Cameroon, in Africa. Another interpretation for the name of the city is that it is of indigenous origen and means "river of dirty waters".
Economic activities.
Services, mining of kaolin, and agriculture are the most important economic activities. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$168 million, with 10 million reais from taxes, 86 million reais from services, 11 million reais from industry, and 61 million reais from agriculture. There were 1,361 rural producers on 90,000 hectares of land. 196 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 4,000 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main crops are coffee (4,300 hectares in 2006), rice, beans, and corn. There were 76,000 head of cattle (2006), one quarter of which were raised for milk and cheese production.
There were 3 banks (2007) and 3,950 automobiles (2007), giving a ratio of 5 inhabitants per automobile.
Working population in 2005
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 9 public health clinics (2005) and 2 hospitals with 195 beds. Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Araxá or to Divinópolis, which are connected by good roads. Educational needs of 4,400 students were met by 12 primary schools, 4 middle schools, and 6 pre-primary schools.
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$246.00 was below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="18893086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893086" title="QFB">
QFB

QFB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18893093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893093" title="Cedar Key Historical Museum">
Cedar Key Historical Museum

The Cedar Key Historical Society Museum is located at 7070 D Street, Cedar Key, Florida. It contains exhibits and photographs depicting the history of Cedar Key from prehistoric times through the 20th century. The museum is housed in two buildings. The main part is in the Lutterloh House. The annex is the Andrews House, which was originally on Atsena Otie Key before being moved to the mainland after the 1896 hurricane. It is part of the Cedar Keys Historic and Archaeological District.
In 1989, it was listed as the John Lutterloh Residence - Cedar Key Historical Museum in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture", published by the University of Florida Press.

</doc>
<doc id="18893102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893102" title="Mikołaj Siwicki">
Mikołaj Siwicki

Mikołaj Siwicki (ukr Микола Сивiцький, Mykoła Sywićkyj; 20 October 1917 – 13 January 2004) was a Ukrainian literary critic and historian (PhD in Ukrainian (literature)).
Biography.
Born in a village just outside of Dubno, with the annexation of Volhynia from Poland by the Soviet Union, Siwicki was arrested in 1939 by the NKVD and spent 5 years incarcerated in the Soviet Gulag near Murmansk. At the end of his incarceration walked back to his childhood home in Ukraine, and because his Polish passport had not been changed to a Soviet one, enlisted in the Polish Army. He took part in the capture of Berlin where he lost a leg. As a decorated invalid Polish soldier he was able to receive government subsidies to complete his tertiary education.
Siwicki completed his studies at University of Warsaw (graduated in 1956), doctorate at University of Krakow in 1983 under professor Ryszard Łużny with a dissertation on the Ukrainian writer and university professor Bohdan Łepky. 
He was active in the formation of the Ukrainian Cultural Centre in Warsaw and became editor of the weekly newspaper "Nasze Słowo" (1956–1960), before being forced to change his employment to the editing of a Polish commercial newspaper
From 1956 Mykoła Siwicki lived in Warsaw Bródnie.
Siwicki's works on Polish-Ukrainian conflict are considered by Polish sources to be outside scholarly mainstream 

</doc>
<doc id="18893109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893109" title="Okelousa">
Okelousa

The Okelousa are Native American people originally from the Southern United States (Louisiana and Mississippi). The name is taken from the Chocktaw word for "black water"

</doc>
<doc id="18893119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893119" title="Ben Hunt (footballer)">
Ben Hunt (footballer)

Benjamin Murray Hunt is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker. He currently plays for Bishop's Stortford having signed in March 2012 following spells at Gloucester City, Lewes, Dover Athletic and Weston-super-Mare.
He was a youth player at West Ham United, and made regular appearances in their reserve side, but never made the progression into their first team. At the end of the 2007–08 season he was released by the Hammers and he signed for Bristol Rovers.
Hunt's debut in senior football came on 16 August 2008 for Bristol Rovers in a League One match against Brighton & Hove Albion, when he came on as a 72nd minute substitute for Darryl Duffy.
Ben Hunt agreed a one-month loan deal with Conference North side Gloucester City on 17 December 2009. He scored on his debut against Redditch United on Boxing Day. In March 2009 he joined Conference South champions Newport County on loan.
Along with 14 other players, he was released by Rovers at the end of the 2009–10 season. He signed for Dover Athletic on 20 July 2010. On 19 February 2011 he signed for Lewes in the Conference South.
Hunt currently plays for Conference South side Weston-super-Mare, after joining in August 2011. Although in October 2011, Hunt left Weston-super-Mare and signed for Gloucester City.
He joined Bishop's Stortford in March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18893122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893122" title="Thingumajig Theatre">
Thingumajig Theatre

Thingumajig Theatre is a puppet company who creates and performs innovative visual theatre, interactive giant puppets and outdoor performances. Founded in 2005 by Korean American puppeteer Andrew Kim and British actor/musician Kathy Kim, Thingumajig Theatre is based in Hebden Bridge and Todmorden, West Yorkshire, England.
History.
Thingumajig Theatre’s two directors, Andrew Kim and Kathy Kim, first worked together as mask performers in a play by Horse and Bamboo Theatre in 2002. Since then, they’ve worked together as makers, performers and directors for In the Heart of the Beast Puppet and Mask Theatre, Islewilde Festival, Oregon Country Fair, Vancouver’s Public Dreams Society and Taiwan’s Dream Community. In 2005, with their first full-length play, “The Vertigo of Sheep” which was awarded a UNIMA-USA Citation of Excellence, they formed into a permanent theatre company.
In 2006 they moved into the old Sunday school room in Wainsgate Chapel in Old Town, West Yorkshire, which served as their workshop for five years. Since 2011, they are now based in the Hebden Bridge Handmade Parade workshop. 
In 2008, Thingumajig Theatre joined forces with HEADS, a Hebden Bridge participatory arts organisation, and produced the Hebden Bridge Handmade Parade, a vivid, non-commercial community-generated parade. This event is now produced by Handmade Parade CIC. 
Plays.
Thingumajig Theatre has created several puppet and mask plays for both children and adults. These plays, written, designed, built and performed by Andrew Kim and Kathy Kim, are notable for their innovative use of imagery and live music. 
Plays by Thingumajig Theatre
'The Vertigo of Sheep' 2005
'Want' 2007
'The Mystery of the Sock Snatcher' 2007
'A November Day' 2008
'The Difference Engine' 2009 (Produced by Walk the Plank; written and directed by Thingumajig Theatre)
'Hippochondriac' 2010
'Hullaba Lulu' 2012
Giant Puppets and Community Events.
Thingumajig Theatre also creates and performs giant puppets for outdoor events and performances such as parades, pageants and festivals. They have also directed and led several community-generated events such as the Conwy Lantern Parade and Pageant, the Liverpool Halloween Lantern Carnival Finale and the Hebden Bridge Handmade Parade.

</doc>
<doc id="18893128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893128" title="DalawampunAPOsila">
DalawampunAPOsila

DalawampunAPOsila is the third live album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society released in 1989 under Universal Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18893129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893129" title="Kristiania Sporveisselskab">
Kristiania Sporveisselskab

AS Kristiania Sporveisselskab or KSS, nicknamed the Green Tram (), was the first tram operator in Oslo, Norway. Founded in 1874, it started operation of horsecar services the following year and electric tram services in 1899. The company took over the 
municipally owned Kristiania Kommunale Sporveie in 1905, only to be discontinued in 1924 when it was merged with its main competitor, Kristiania Elektriske Sporvei, to form the municipally owned Kristiania Sporveier.
The company operated 57 horsecars and 102 trams, with the network consisting of the Vestbane Line, Ullevål Hageby Line, Oslo Line, Vippetangen Line, Vålerenga Line, Kampen Line, Grünerløkka–Torshov Line, Sagene Ring and Sinsen Line.
History.
The first attempts at running horsecar operations in Oslo (at the time called Christiania) were in 1868, when the engineer Jens Theodor Pauldan Vogt and the architect Paul Due applied for a concession. They were rejected—based on the argument that the city streets were too narrow. When they made a second attempt in April 1874, they gained permission start services; and on 26 August 1874 they established AS Christiania Sporveisselskab. Twenty-two cars were delivered from the United States manufacturer John Stephenson & Co, arriving in Christiania on 31 August 1875, with the official opening occurring on 6 October. Two years after the foundation of the company, the city and company changed the spelling of the name "Christiania" to Kristiania.
Initial routes and services.
The system started out with four lines: three originated at Stortorvet, running to Oslo (today Gamlebyen), the Western Railway Station (Vestbanen), and Homansbyen—where the depot was located. In addition, there was a direct line from Homansbyen to the railway station, but services were terminated on 19 October. The two lines connecting to the station only ran services to correspond with train arrivals, while the other two lines had fixed fifteen minute headways—increasing to ten minutes from 22 June 1876. During the winter the company attempted to use sleds instead of wagons; and took delivery of seventeen units, but these were not as suitable and the company instead chose to salt the rail tracks.
The head office, Kristiania Sporveisanlæg, was located at Homansbyen. It initially had a depot with place for 28 trams, 16 sleds and stables for 116 horses. A second depot and stable for 50 horses was located at Olaf Ryes plass. The company was also a major retailer of used horses, and they were sought after due to the good treatment they received at the company. During the winter, the company replaced the horsecars with sleds, of which 17 were bought between 1875 and 1879. But sleds were heavier to haul and often two horses were needed where only one was needed for the horsecar lines. This caused the headway to be increased because of lack of horses.
The initial price was 10 øre (NOK 0.10), although an additional 3 øre was charged for the longest routes. From 1878, the fare increased to 15 øre for all routes. The headway was five minutes. Profits were made immediately, and in 1877 an additional seven cars were delivered. In 1876, a new line from Stortorvet to Grünerløkka was built—the start of the current Grünerløkka–Torshov Line—along with a new depot. On 2 December 1878, the Oslo Line (now the Gamleby Line) was extended to St. Halvards Plass, the Grünerløkka Line to Thorvald Mayers Gate on 12 April 1879 and the Vestbanen Line to Munkedamsveien on 5 May 1879. The following year the lines were rearranged into two through lines; Homansbyen–Oslo and Vestbanen–Grünerløkka. After this the company concentrated their investments into rebuilding the single track system into double track. From 1887 to 1892, the company took delivery of fourteen additional cars from Skabo Jernbanevognfabrikk, the same length as the Stephenson cars. The last horsecar delivery was fifteen cars from Falkenried in 1897, which were intended to be rebuilt to trailers. These were long and remained in service until 1939.
Electrification.
On 2 March 1894 KSS got a competitor in Kristiania Elektriske Sporvei (KES), nicknamed the Blue Tram. Instead of horsecars, they used electric trams, and KSS was forced to convert their system to electric traction to be able to compete with KES. The first electric trams ran on 29 September 1899, and the conversion was completed 15 January 1900. At the time of electrification the company had 57 horsecars; 38 of these were later converted to trailers, while 20 were decommissioned. The John Stephenson & Co and Skabo Jernbanevognfabrikk trailers were taken out of service in 1917–18, and sixteen of these were sold to the Bergen Tramway and Trondheim Tramway—the latter rebuilt to meter gauge. One of the original Stephenson cars has been preserved at the Oslo Tramway Museum.
The electrification happened as part of the extension of the Vestbane Line on 21 December 1898 and 23 June 1899, as well as the extension of the Oslo Line 17 November 1899. On 3 May 1900, an all-new line opened to Vålerenga, and on 6 June, to Kampen. The first line out of the municipality of Kristiania into Aker occurred in three municipality steps financed by the municipality, on 29 September 1899, 2 October 1901 and finally to Grefsen on 28 November 1902. For the electrification KSS ordered 47 new trams, from Falkenried and LHB—these remained in service until 1967. The electrical equipment was delivered by Union, giving the trams 36 kW and a length of and 9.8 tonnes.
Consolidation.
The second competitor was the municipal owned Kristiania Kommunale Sporveie (KKS) who operated in part of KSS track in the city center. They built their system to Sagene (the Sagene Ring); on 27 March 1900, they opened to Rodeløkka, and on 28 August 1900, from Tollbu Street to Vippetangen. These three lines were not connected to each other, using KSS or KES track to connected. From 26 January 1901 additional track was built to avoid having to run on KES track, but despite this KKS was not profitable, and was taken over by KSS in 1905. With the take-over KSS took over 20 trams built by Busch.
After the take-over in 1905, the company was operating the routes Homansbyen–Oslo, Homansbyen–Sannergata, Munkedamsveien–Sannergata–Grefsen, Munkedamsveien–Vålerenga, Sagene–St. Hanshaugen–Kampen, St. Hanshaugen–Rodeløkka and Stortorvet–Vippetangen. This was supplemented through the extension of the Vippetangen Line on 8 November 1905, and from Homansbyen to Adamstuen on 24 September 1909. An agreement with Kristiania Elektriske Sporvei was reached about connecting the two networks, and connection lines were made at Rosenborg on 1 May 1912, with an extension of the Vestbanen Line to Skillebekk on 2 November 1911 with the systems connecting in 1912, and from Østbanen to Grønland.
This expansion caused the need for more rolling stock, and KSS took delivery of 42 trams Falkenried and Skabo in 1912–14; these were somewhat longer at and with 84 kW. The new lines allowed the two companies to operate on each other's lines, and at the same time introduced a numbering scheme without overlap. KSS retained seven of their own lines from 1915; 
Several of the lines were combined lines where lines were serviced by two numbers, each leading to different lines on the other side of the center—a system that remains today.
In 1921–23 the company bought additional 22 trams, at 102 kW and , from HaWa, Brill, and Busch. Both street tram companies in Oslo had concessions that lasted until 1924; due to the profits they were making the city council decided to purchase both companies, and in 1924 Kristiania Sporveier, that changed its name the next year to Oslo Sporveier, took over all street tram operations in the city.

</doc>
<doc id="18893147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893147" title="Mani Ram Bagri">
Mani Ram Bagri

Mani Ram Bagri (January 1, 1920 – January 31, 2012) (चौधरी मनी राम बागड़ी) was a politician from India. He served three terms in the Indian Parliament. Mr. Bagri is a subject of various folklores in the states of Haryana, Rajasthan, Punjab and Uttar Pradesh. He belonged to the league of Socialists like Dr. Rammanohar Lohia and Jayaprakash Narayan.
Mani Ram Bagri was born at Ban Mandori, Hissar District, Haryana on January 1, 1920. He participated in various national movement at very young age and joined Socialist movement led by Acharya Narendra Deva, Jayaprakash Narayan and Dr Rammanohar Lohia. He was leader of the Socialist parliamentary party during 1962-67, when Dr Rammanohar Lohia entered the Lok Sabha through a by-election from Farukhabad. Mani Ram Bagri participated in and led various socialist movements. A close associate of late Dr Lohia and Raj Narain, he was also detained during Emergency under the Maintenance of Internal Security Act. Mani Ram Bagri was General Secretary of the All India Samyukta Socialist Party (Lohiavadi) during 1972-74, and alter of Janata Party (S).
He represented Hissar and Mathura constituencies in the Indian Parliament. A three time Parliamentarian, he was a member of the 3rd Lok Sabha (2 April 1962 – 3 March 1967) as a Socialist member from Hissar (then part of Punjab state), the 6th Lok Sabha (23 March 1977 – 22 August 1979) as a Janata party member from Mathura (Uttar Pradesh) and the 7th Lok Sabha (10 January 1980 – 31 December 1984) as a Janata (S) member again from Hissar (Haryana).
Having risen from a very poor family, Bagri spent most of his life fighting for the underprivleged sections of the Indian Society.He had joined politics at a young age and devoted his entire life to the poor's rights. He was a hardcore socialist and demanded the word of other Non-Congress parties in the government and this attitude earned him the honour of being the first Leader Of Opposition in the Lok Sabha. Bagri is widely regarded across party lines as having been a politician with impeccable integrity and ethics.He was renowned for living a frugal lifestyle and used to donate a large amount of his salary to the poor around Hissar, Delhi, amongst other such towns. Bagri was held in utmost esteem by successive Prime Ministers of India including Jawaharlal Nehru, Lal Bahadur Shastri, Morarji Desai, Charan Singh, Indira Gandhi, Rajiv Gandhi, Atal Bihari Vajpayee and Manmohan Singh. Despite representing a brand of socialist ideology often opposed to Congress' policies, Bagri shared a deep personal bond with Nehru, Shastri and Indira Gandhi. Bagri played a pivotal role in shaping the nascent democracy in India, and gave voice to millions of villagers, the poor and the downtrodden and represented their aspirations. He led many movements in North India championing the cause of the poor and the oppressed and is considered a major force in giving these weaker sections of society self-belief. 
Mr Bagri was an excellent communicator and a brilliant orator. One of Mr. Bagri's famous speeches in Parliament related to nationalization of Birla House which was owned by the Birla family. Government was not very keen on this, Mr. Bagri being his usual fiery self thundered:
"My question is that the way Guru Tegh Bahadur’s place of martyrdom was commemorated in a foreign land, the way Ram, Krishna and other great people’s places of martyrdom was commemorated, then can the Government cite a reason that in their own country the site of martyrdom of the Father of the Nation cannot be commemorated? Actually the Government is sold out to the Birlas" 
Despite his rivalry between the Congress Leaders, he maintained a cordial relationship with prominent leaders such as Jawaharlal Nehru and Mahatma Gandhi.
He officially retired from politics in the late 1980s as the Indira Gandhi government slowly dissolved.He outlived most of his league-in-arms and spent the rest of his life at his residence in Hissar, and the "chowk" in which it is located is, till date, known in his honour as Bagri Chowk. Bagri, ailing for the past few years, died in Hissar on January 31, 2012 at the age of 92 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18893159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893159" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Yonkers, New York">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Yonkers, New York

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places entries in Yonkers, New York. See also National Register of Historic Places listings in Westchester County, New York for all others in the county.
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Yonkers, New York. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18893162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893162" title="Gina Pellón">
Gina Pellón

Gina Pellón (born December 26, 1926 Cumanayagua, Las Villas) is a Cuban painter who lives in France. She is known for her abstract expressive paintings in strong colours, usually depicting women. She has also written collections of poems.
Life.
She graduated from the Academy of San Alejandro in 1954, and taught at the Velado Polytechnic Institute, until 1957.
In 1959, she studied in France, and overstayed her visa, fleeing from the Cuban dictatorship of Fidel Castro, and in 1960 she made her first solo exhibition in Luzern, Switzerland.
Since then she has made exhibitions in various countries. Particularly in France where she lives, but also in the United States. She got a close relationship to the Danish painter Asger Jorn from the CoBrA group, and the influence from this artistic group is obvious in her works.
She lives in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="18893164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893164" title="Battle of Tientsin">
Battle of Tientsin

The Battle of Tientsin, or the Relief of Tientsin, occurred on July 13–14, 1900, during the Boxer Rebellion in Northern China. A multinational military force, representing the Eight-Nation Alliance, rescued a besieged population of foreign nationals in the city of Tientsin (Pinyin:Tianjin) by defeating the Chinese Imperial army and Boxers. The capture of Tientsin gave the Eight-Nation Alliance a base to launch a rescue mission for the foreign nationals besieged in the Legation Quarter of Peking (Pinyin:Beijing)
Background.
Tientsin, in 1900, consisted of two adjacent, but very different sub-divisions. To the northwest was the ancient high-walled Chinese city, one mile () on each side. Southeast, one to two miles away, along the Hai River, was the treaty port and foreign settlements. About one million Chinese lived within the walled city or in satellite communities outside the wall. In the foreign settlements resided 700 foreign civilians, mostly European merchants and missionaries, along with tens of thousands of Chinese servants, employees, and businessmen. Among the civilians living in the foreign settlement were Herbert Hoover, a future President of the United States, and his wife Lou Henry Hoover. A low mud wall, less than 10 feet tall, surrounded at a distance of several hundred yards both higher walls of the old city city and the foreign settlements. 
In early June 1900, in response to the growing threat of the Boxers, a militant, anti-foreign and anti-Christian peasant movement, six countries with interests in China sent 2,400 troops to Tientsin to guard the foreign settlements. Another 2,000 were with Admiral Seymour along the railway line between Tientsin and Peking, attempting to march to Peking to protect the foreign community there. The allied military force was composed of soldiers, sailors, and marines from Great Britain, America, Japan, France, Russia and Germany. Italy and Austria-Hungary were members of the Eight-Nation Alliance but had only a few soldiers in China. With so many nationalities among the Allied force no overall commander was appointed. Leadership was collective.
The Siege.
Thousands of Boxers from the countryside converged upon Tientsin and, on June 15, they rampaged through the walled city destroying Christian churches and killing Chinese Christians. On June 16, a mob of partially armed Boxers advanced on the foreign settlement. They were driven off with heavy casualties by volleys of fire from the defenders. The Chinese army near Tientsin stood by and awaited orders from Peking to either support the Boxers or protect the foreigners. As a result of the June 17 attack by the foreign armies on the Dagu Forts, the Qing government of China took the side of the Boxers and ordered the army to attack the foreign settlements. The Chinese began bombarding the foreign settlement with artillery on June 17. The Western and Japanese soldiers defending the foreign settlements were initially stretched thin and all communication with the coast and the allied fleet was cut off for several days.
The Chinese army numbered an estimated 15,000 in Tientsin plus Boxers armed with swords, spears, and antique guns, although the number of Boxer combatants was diminishing rapidly as the movement was fading back into the countryside from where it came. The army were led by general Nieh Shih-ch'eng, who was considered one of the ablest Chinese officers. Most of the Chinese army action against the foreign settlements consisted of a daily artillery barrage. The army fired an estimated 60,000 artillery shells at the foreign settlements. However, most of the shells failed to explode on impact due to inefficiency and corruption in the Chinese ammunition factories and did less damage that might otherwise have been expected.
On June 21, 131 US Marines and 400 Russians made a desperate attempt to reinforce Tientsin by following the railway from the coast to the city. Only two miles from the city they were ambushed by the Chinese and forced to retire, the Americans losing 3 killed and 13 wounded. Additional Western soldiers were unloaded from ships offshore and rushed up the railroad to Tientsin. Five thousand reinforcements reached Tientsin on June 23 to augment the hard-pressed soldiers and civilians defending the foreign settlements. Their arrival caused the Chinese to withdraw from their position on the east which enabled the besieged to establish a tenuous line of communication and supply along the railroad to the coast, away. The Chinese army continued to besiege three sides of the Tientsin foreign settlements. On June 26, a force of 2,000 sallied from the settlements and rescued Admiral Seymour and his 2,000 men who were surrounded six miles (10 km) out of the city. With Seymour's men they returned to the settlements without opposition. Most of Seymour's force of sailors returned to their ships. Reinforced, and with their supply line to the coast secured, the coalition of allied soldiers in the foreign settlement began planning an assault on the walled city of Tientsin to defeat the Chinese army and open the road to Peking and the relief of the Siege of the International Legations.
The battle.
The allies had underestimated the capability of the Chinese forces at the beginning of the siege, thinking that foreign troops could easily brush aside Chinese forces. They turned out to be wrong in the face of fierce Chinese resistance.
On July 13, the allied force to assault the walled city of Tientsin consisted of about 6,900 soldiers: 2,500 Russians, 2,000 Japanese, 900 Americans, 800 British, 600 French, and 100 Germans and Austrians. The challenge was substantial. The walls of Tientsin were 20 feet high and 16 feet thick. The Chinese had about 12,000 soldiers within the city or in nearby forts. They were armed with both artillery, machine guns, and modern rifles. To reach the city wall the allied troops would have to cross more than a mile of flat, unwooded terrain, dotted with farmhouses and swamps and crossed by canals and causeways. An American soldier surveying the scene said that “had a formidable enemy defended the Chinese position the attacking column would have been annihilated.”
The plan of the allies was to storm the city on two sides: British, American, Japanese and French troops would attack the South Gate; Russian and German troops would attack the East Gate. Herbert Hoover, who was based in the city as a mining engineer, agreed to guide the Allied forces through the local terrain. Early in the morning of 13 June, Hoover, with the US Marines, guided the three columns of British, American, Japanese and French troops to the approaches to the South Gate. When the lead troops came under fire, Hoover was permitted to withdraw from the action and return to Tientsin where the civilian population was waiting to be evacuated to the Taku (Dagu) Forts. However, Hoover and his wife, Lou Henry Hoover, remained in Tientsin to care for the wounded.
The attack went poorly for the Allies in large part due to the lack of overall command. Miscommunication and uncoordinated movements plagued the attackers. The main effort against the South Gate became pinned down in an exposed position under Chinese fire from within the city. The Chinese again unleashed a torrent of fire upon the Allies. The allied troops were forced to lie face down in dirty mud. The uniform of the American troops, dark blue, provided a virtual bulls eye to the Chinese troops, equipped with western firearms, such as Winchesters, Mausers, Mannlichers. Severe losses were inflicted on the Allies. Captain David Beatty noted the British forces took cover in an entirely exposed location. Similarly the some men of the 9th U.S. Infantry Regiment was exposed to the Chinese fire and Colonel Emerson H. Liscum of the regiment was mortally wounded. His dying words were "keep up the fire". The allied troops were held down in the mud by the constant Chinese fire. Herbert Hoover led American Marines to assist the Royal Welsh Fusiliers, they hit a swamp, where Chinese guns murderously targeted them. The Chinese kept the guns firing up to the night, for over five hours, bullets were described as "hail", and guns provided a "death tattoo".
The Japanese General Fukushima Yasumasa, who had fought against Chinese previously, warned Allied commander Dorwood that Chinese forces would fight to the death if trapped, but if they left an escape route of two gates open, the Chinese would retreat.
Eventually the attacks were called off. The Japanese soldiers attempted to blast away the South Gate but the defenders continued to simply cut or extinguish the fuse. Finally at 3:00am the following morning the Japanese army met with success. A soldier volunteered to brave enemy fire and light a short fuse. The soldier was killed in the explosion but the gate was open. Japanese soldiers poured through the open gate followed by the British and Americans. The Russians renewed their attack on the East Gate and finally broke through. The Chinese defenders made good their escape in the face of this recent Allied success, but minus General Nieh Shih-ch'eng, who was killed in the fighting. Once inside the city the Allies once again became disorganized and many soldiers turned to looting. As the Imperial Chinese soldiers had already withdrawn it was the local Chinese who suffered the most and many of these civilians were killed.
Allied troops raped women, the Germans and Russians were reported to have behaved savagely, they bayoneted their rape victims. Disgusted American Marines attempted to restrain the Germans with violence, one was wounded as a result. The Allies covered up their atrocities by labeling all Chinese dead as Boxers. The Japanese were acclaimed to be the best behaved of the foreign soldiers. A Japanese officer expressed shock at the atrocities committed by the other foreign troops.
After General Nie was killed and General Ma and Song retreated, only Dong Fuxiang remained with his Muslim troops to contest the advance of the foreign army from Tientsin to Peking.
Casualties.
For the Eight-Nation Alliance, Tientsin was the bloodiest battle of the Boxer Rebellion. Two hundred and fifty soldiers of the allied armies were killed and about 500 wounded. The Japanese lost 320 killed and wounded; the Russians and Germans 140 killed and wounded; the Americans 25 killed, and 98 wounded; the British, 17 killed and 87 wounded; and the French 13 killed and 50 wounded. Chinese casualties, military and civilian, are unknown, but probably heavy.
Aftermath.
After the victory at Tientsin, the foreign soldiers decided that the advance on Peking should be delayed until sufficient forces were collected. This was largely on account of the changed opinions regarding Chinese valor and the effectiveness of their resistance to the Seymour expedition. As it was, the Allies would have tarried at Tientsin for additional reinforcements some weeks longer had not the British and American commanders threatened to proceed alone with their contingents and risk the consequences. Although it was felt, so had the estimation of Chinese prowess been increased, that at least 50,000 troops were necessary, some thought 70,000, successfully to invade the interior, the second relief expedition to Peking finally got under way, August 4, with an impressive total of 18,800 men. This number included 8,000 Japanese, 3,000 British, 4,500 Russians, 2,500 Americans, and 800 French. The Germans were unrepresented, as it was judged best to reserve some strength for Kiaochau and the coast, in case of trouble there.
Monument.
In the Nankai District of Tianjin in present day China, a "Nie Shicheng Martyrs Monument" is located in the area, to General Nie Shicheng who died in battle at the Battle of Tientsin.

</doc>
<doc id="18893168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893168" title="Supa Mandiwanzira">
Supa Mandiwanzira

Supa Collins Mandiwanzira is the past President of the Affirmative Action Group (AAG) in Zimbabwe.
Having started his career working in financial print media, he subsequently moved to the Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation (ZBC), for five years as a business and financial reporter before enrolling in a Masters Degree in International Journalism with the City University of London. There, he worked for the BBC and Reuters financial Television, as well as becoming the London correspondent of "Summit Television", a new business news channel based in South Africa jointly owned by the "Financial Times" from London and "Times Media Ltd" of South Africa. Supa was then managing director of the African Business Connections until 2002 when he became chief executive officer of "Mighty Movies", following the purchase of the company from its original shareholders. He then worked for SABC, South Africa's State broadcaster, as the Zimbabwe Correspondent. Mandiwanzira joined the "Al Jazeera English" news channel as Zimbabwe correspondent. Recently, he has left the channel to pursue his growing media interests which include Civil Construction, Mining, Property Development,cinemas, radio and television production, and newspapers.
He won a National Assembly seat on ZANU-PF ticket in Nyanga and is the current deputy Minister of Media, Information And Publicity.
References.
The former SABC and Aljazeera Zimbabwe correspondent has also recently launched ZiTV online through his Mighty Movies company.

</doc>
<doc id="18893175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893175" title="Panzano Observatory">
Panzano Observatory

The Panzano Observatory was an observatory in the village of Panzano about to the NNW of the centre of the "comune" of Castelfranco Emilia, near Bologna, Italy, where Giovanni Cassini worked. It was built in the early 1640s by Cornelio Malvasia.
There is much more extensive information on the Italian Wikipedia page: Panzano (Castelfranco Emilia)#1500-1600.

</doc>
<doc id="18893188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893188" title="Mga Kuwento ng Apo">
Mga Kuwento ng Apo

Mga Kuwento ng Apo is the tenth studio album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's a 10-track album released in 1990 under Universal Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18893196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893196" title="Duane Forde">
Duane Forde

Duane Forde (born May 8, 1969) is a Canadian Football League broadcaster for TSN and a former player in the CFL. He is married to TSN reporter Sheri Forde.
Born in Toronto, Forde played twelve seasons for the Calgary Stampeders, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, Toronto Argonauts, and Hamilton Tiger-Cats. Forde, who spent four years as the team captain of the Stampeders, had a consecutive games played streak of 150, counting regular season and postseason games, over an eight-season period. Forde's teams reached the Grey Cup on five occasions (1991, 1992, 1993, 1998, and 1999), winning twice (1992 and 1998).
Forde had previously played in CIS football for the Western Ontario Mustangs from 1987 to 1990. While he was at UWO, the Mustangs lost just once in the regular season, and they won the 1989 Vanier Cup. Selected two times as the Mustangs' Most Valuable Player, Forde co-captained the 1989 team.
In 2008, Forde joined TSN as a commentator for their "Friday Night Football" broadcasts. Forde serves as the secondary commentator, calling games with play by play announcer Rod Black. Forde was also an analyst for TSN.ca's coverage of the 2008 CFL Draft. Before joining TSN, Forde served as a commentator for The Score's CIS football telecasts from 2006 to 2007 and was a CFL analyst for Rogers Sportsnet from 2003 to 2005. He has known as the premier Canadian College Draft expert and occasionally referred to by media members as the Mel Kiper Jr. of the CFL.
Since 2010, Forde has run the National Invitational Combine during the same week that the CFL holds its own evaluation camp.
Recently his name has come up with regards to the opening with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers for their Assistant General Manager position.
Forde is a member of the Mississauga Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18893206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893206" title="Ele Opeloge">
Ele Opeloge

Ele Opeloge (born July 11, 1985) is a Samoan weightlifter competing in the women's +75 kg category.
Family.
Opeloge comes from a weightlifting family. Her brother, Niusila is also a Commonwealth gold medalist, winning it the same day as her.
Career.
2007.
At the 2007 World Championships she ranked 11th, with a total of 250 kg.
2008.
She represented Samoa at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, competing in the over 75kg category. She was also her country's flagbearer during the Games' opening ceremony.
Opeloge finished fourth in her event, narrowly missing out on a bronze medal. She lifted 269 kg, matching her personal best, while Mariya Grabovetskaya of Kazakhstan lifted 270 kg to finish third.
Opeloge is a celebrity in Samoa, "where children approach her in the supermarket for autographs".
2010.
Opeloge won a gold at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in New Delhi, India in over 75 kg class with a Games record of 285 kg It was also Samoa's second gold medal in the history of the Games.
2012.
Opeloge took 6th place in the London Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18893215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893215" title="Shōnen Book">
Shōnen Book

History.
Shueisha was just getting into the business of making manga magazines, creating the magazine "Omoshiro Book" and the Shōjo magazine "Shōjo Book". The success of "Shōjo Book", led to the publication of their wideley successful, "Ribon". Shueisha was planning to make a Shōnen version of their "Shōjo Book" magazine, and they created "Shōnen Book". "Shōnen Book" was created as a sister anthology to their already successful "Omoshiro Book", on the front cover of the first "Shōnen Book" it announced that "Omoshiro Book" would continue as a special issue of "Shōnen Book". "Omoshiro Book" had an Osamu Tezuka manga called "Lion Books". "Shōnen Book", historically had some of the most famous manga artists of all time, such as Tatsuo Yoshida whose "Mach GoGoGo" ("Speed Racer") appeared in the magazine, and which ultimately was rereleased by Fusosha as two deluxe volumes. The magazine also serialized many of Osamu Tezuka's manga series. In the middle of "Shōnen Book's" publication, "Shōnen Jump" was created, making "Shōnen Book" a special issue. "Shōnen Jump" at the time was a semiweekly magazine. When it became a weekly magazine, the title of "Shōnen Jump" was changed to "Weekly Shōnen Jump", and "Shōnen Book" was discontinued. The magazine of "Shōnen Book" was replaced with a special called "Bessatsu Shōnen Jump", which was later changed to the title "Monthly Shōnen Jump" (branched of into its own magazine, discontinued, and was replaced with the current; "Jump SQ."), and then finally "Akamaru Jump" (the latter of which is now a "Zōkan" (special) issue).
Features.
"Shōnen Book" much like many other manga magazines had many different features such as manga series, articles, etc. "Shōnen Book" also had special editions like , which was a children's version of the main anthology, aimed at young children. Or , which features all color artwork.
A essential feature of "Shōnen Book" is that it had many famous manga artists in it. The magazine published series from the God of Manga, Osamu Tezuka, and also published Tatsuo Yoshida's "Mach GoGoGo", which has become a successful title in the late ages of anime in the United States. Also in "Shōnen Book", a manga adaptation of the sequel to the "Mighty Jack" TV drama: "Tatakae! Mighty Jack". The famous Harenchi Gakuen also started in "Shōnen Book", and later moved to the major "Weekly Shōnen Jump".
In addition to the manga series of "Shōnen Book", it also featured many light novel series. The light novels are based on the running series in the magazine.
Manga in the last issue of Shōnen Book.
This list contains all of the manga in the last issue of "Shōnen Book". Three of the series were transferred to the "Shōnen Jump" magazine, also put under their new imprint—"Jump Comics".
"Shōnen Book" media in the English language.
Only the series "Mach GoGoGo" has been released in English. More importantly, the anime was one of the first brought to the United States of America, as well as the manga. The manga was first published by NOW Comics, selecting chapters from the series under the title of the English anime. "Mach GoGoGo" was later released in complete volumes by DC Comics's Wildstorm Productions under the title "Speed Racer: the Original Manga", the cover art was done by Robert DeJesus. Currently the series is published by Digital Manga Publishing under the title "Speed Racer: Mach Go Go Go".
Although ""Speed Racer"" has found success in the States, some other series have also appeared in the United States under other media besides manga or anime. An example of this would be "Obake no Q-tarō" by Fujiko Fujio, the "Shōnen Book" series was never published in English, although a video game based on the series was published in the United States. This game was called "Obake no Q-tarō: WanWan Panic" retitled "Chubby Cherub", and was heavily altered. The game was originally made for fans of the series, which Americans would have no knowledge of. Q-tarō, the Ghost was replaced with a cherub. The series has been in many other magazines besides "Shōnen Book", such as "CoroCoro Comic", "Weekly Shōnen Sunday", and "Bessatsu Shōnen Sunday", making the game media of all four of the anthologies.
Even currently "Shōnen Book" appeared in United States. In the "Astro Boy" Game Boy Advance video game "", the main character of the "Big X" series made a cameo. "Astro Boy: Omega Factor" was released in States on August 17, 2004.
As for the manga based on television series, not the manga, but the "Mighty Jack" TV series had episodes one through six merged into a dubbed feature-length film (much like "Giant Robo"). This was a common act of filmmaking at the time. The series gained more exposure after its appearance on Mystery Science Theater 3000, which in the 1980s aired on Comedy Central. Also the manga "Captain Scarlet" was an adaptation of the United Kingdom TV show: "Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons", which was in English to begin with.

</doc>
<doc id="18893220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893220" title="1983 Benson and Hedges Open – Singles">
1983 Benson and Hedges Open – Singles

John Alexander defeated Russell Simpson 6-4, 6-3, 6-3 to win the 1983 Heineken Open singles competition. Tim Wilkison was the champion but did not defend his title.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18893226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893226" title="Andrew Gilmour">
Andrew Gilmour

Andrew Gilmour was a provincial level politician from Alberta, Canada. He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1917 to 1921.
Political career.
Gilmour first ran as a candidate for the provincial Conservative party in the 1905 Alberta general election. He ran against former Northwest Territories Member of the Legislative Assembly William Puffer to contest the Lacombe provincial electoral district. Gilmour lost by 65 votes in the two way race, and took 47% of the popular vote.
Gilmour ran for the second time as a candidate 12 years later against Puffer in the 1917 Alberta general election. Gilmour won the district with just over 51% of the popular vote. a 90 vote difference separating them.

</doc>
<doc id="18893228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893228" title="Antonio de Almeida (conductor)">
Antonio de Almeida (conductor)

Born Antonio Jacques de Almeida in Neuilly-sur-Seine near Paris, his father was the financier Baron de Almeida Santos of Lisbon, his mother was the former Barbara Tapper of Pasadena.
Early years.
As a child he studied piano, showing great musical talent (although he admitted he was not an exceptional pianist). In the early 1940s, he taught himself to play the clarinet by listening to recordings of Benny Goodman and Artie Shaw. When his family moved to Buenos Aires he studied with Alberto Ginastera, and he had the opportunity to hear performances conducted by notable European refugees at the Teatro Colón. He studied nuclear chemistry at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Leading a student orchestra there, he realized he was more interested in music than in science. His godfather, pianist Artur Rubinstein convinced him to give up his full scholarship at M.I.T. He attended Yale University where he studied musical theory with Paul Hindemith. He received his bachelor’s of music degree at Yale in 1949. He took conducting courses with Sergei Koussevitzky and Leonard Bernstein at the Tanglewood Music Center, and also studied conducting with George Szell. During his student days he played first horn at Tufts College, first bassoon at Harvard, oboe with the Wellesley Orchestra, clarinet at MIT and the cello at Yale.
Conducting.
He began conducting for Portuguese Radio in Lisbon in 1949, and soon after was appointed to his first conducting post at the Oporto Symphony Orchestra. While there, he invited Thomas Beecham to guest conduct the orchestra. He was the conductor of the Portuguese Radio in Lisbon (1957–1960) and Stuttgart Philharmonic (1962–1964). He gave the Paris premiere of "Il Trittico" at the Opéra-Comique in 1964, and worked at the Opéra National de Paris from 1965-1967. He was principal guest conductor of the Houston Symphony (1969–1971) and then music director of the Orchestre philharmonique de Nice (1971–1978). He gave the Argentinian premiere of Mahler 7 in Buenos Aires. He became the music director of the Moscow Symphony Orchestra in 1993, a position he held at his death.
His American debut came in November 1960 with the opening of the eighth subscription season of New York’s American Opera Society at The Town Hall. He led the Symphony of the Air in a concert version of Christoph Willibald Gluck’s Orfeo ed Euridice. New York Times reviewer Harold C. Schonberg wrote of the conductor “He knows his business. Cool, not flamboyant of gesture, capable, he held the performance together as nicely as one would desire”. He also wrote that “Mr. de Almeida is a conductor to watch”.
Recording.
He made numerous recordings, specializing in French operas such as Ambroise Thomas’ Mignon and Fromental Halévy’s La Juive. His recordings were instrumental in restoring compositions of Ernest Chausson, Henri Duparc, Florent Schmitt and Jules Massenet to the active repertory. He recorded ballet music from the operas of Gaetano Donizetti, Gioachino Rossini, and Giuseppe Verdi. With the Moscow Symphony he recorded orchestral works of Charles Tournemire, Henri Sauguet, and Gian Francesco Malipiero. He recorded for many labels, including Columbia, EMI, Erato, Naxos, Philips and RCA.
Musicology.
An interest in the works of Jacques Offenbach began in the 1950s, and by the 1970s Almeida was known as an authority. He made numerous discoveries including previously unknown arias and a second-act finale for La Grande-Duchesse de Gérolstein. He prepared editions of Offenbach’s operas, and compiled a Thematic Catalogue of the Works of Jacques Offenbach that remained unpublished at his death.
He became co-artistic director (with H.C. Robbins Landon) of the Haydn Foundation in 1968. Under foundation’s auspices, he recorded a set of Joseph Haydn’s symphonies. He also edited a complete set of Luigi Boccherini’s symphonies for Doblinger in Vienna.
Personal life.
He was married to Lynn Erdman in 1953, their marriage ending in their divorce in 1988. The couple had two sons (Antonio de Almeida and Lawrence d'Almeida) and a daughter (Cecilia Frachesen). His son Antonio served as an engineer for the conductor’s Moscow Symphony recordings.
Despite his Portuguese/American parentage, he declared his nationality to be French, and he remained a citizen of France throughout his life. He spoke six languages fluently, and was well versed in Greek and Latin.
He died of liver and lung cancer on February 18, 1997 age 69 at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.

</doc>
<doc id="18893262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893262" title="HMS Antigua">
HMS Antigua

HMS "Antigua" has been the name of four ships of the Royal Navy, named after the Caribbean island of Antigua:

</doc>
<doc id="18893263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893263" title="Drake's Venture">
Drake's Venture

Drake's Venture is a 1980 film depiction of Francis Drake's voyage of circumnavigation. Produced by Westward Television to commemorate the 400th anniversary of the event, it nevertheless focuses on the voyage's most controversial aspect, the execution of the gentleman Thomas Doughty for mutiny. The film has only been aired twice: once in the UK on December 28th of 1980, and once in the US, on "Masterpiece Theatre", March 27, 1983.
Plot.
The film opens with Drake's return from his voyage of circumnavigation. He is nervous about how he will be received at home, and rightly so, for he has executed Thomas Doughty, an influential courtier, investor in the voyage, and formerly, his closest friend. The story is mostly told in flashback as Drake recounts the circumstances of the voyage to Queen Elizabeth I. Although it is clear how Drake interprets the events that led to Doughty's execution, the depicted scenes paint a more ambiguous tale. Conflict between Drake and Doughty grows due to an escalating pattern of Drake's increasing autocracy and paranoia, and Doughty's underhanded means to regain the authority he sees as rightly his due.
Before the fleet leaves Plymouth, Drake learns that someone has betrayed the news of the voyage to William Cecil, Lord Burghley. Drake is upset as the destination of the venture - to raid Spanish ships in Peru and return home via a route theorized by John Dee called "the Straits of Anian" - is top secret, known only to Drake, Doughty, the Queen and a few select insiders. Drake has told the crew they will be voyaging to Alexandria on a trade mission.
Tension is high when the truth is revealed. A few of Drake's crewmen are discontent at being tricked into a long, dangerous voyage; Doughty has second thoughts and tries to convince Drake to redirect the fleet to less uncertain plunder on the Spanish Main. Drake is resolute, but alienates his former friend through his high-handedness. Doughty believes that his investment, his advocacy of the venture at court, and his command of the soldiers accompanying the fleet, entitle him to equal command.
The fleet encounters the "Santa Maria", a Portuguese vessel. Upon its capture, Drake induces the cooperation of its captain and navigator, Nuno da Silva, who has an extensive knowledge of the coastline of Brazil. Hostilities escalate when Drake reprimands one of Doughty's officers for stealing from a Portuguese prisoner.
Doughty is given command of the prize ship. Drake's ship, the "Pelican", immediately falls victim to a number of misfortunes including a lack of wind and an outbreak of scurvy. Doughty's ship is nowhere to be found. Drake becomes increasingly paranoid, attributing the misfortunes to Doughty's betrayal and his interest in the occult.
Upon the reunion of the ships, Doughty continues to agitate for what he perceives is his due: co-equal status in directing the fleet. He has a final confrontation with Drake, who strikes him and has him bound to the mast of the "Pelican".
The film climaxes at the scene of Doughty's execution at San Julián. Drake brings Doughty to trial, accusing him of mutiny and witchcraft. Encouraged by his nephew, Drake induces the ship's carpenter, Ned Bright, to perjure himself in order to assure the conviction. Drake manipulates the men into sentencing Doughty to death. The chaplain, Francis Fletcher, tries to persuade Doughty to confess his sins, but the gentleman protests his innocence until the end. He takes communion with Drake and goes resolutely to his death. Drake then makes a speech promising the men wealth beyond their wildest dreams, but the gentlemen adventurers and the mariners must settle their differences. He changes the name of the "Pelican" to the "Golden Hind", in hopes of placating Sir Christopher Hatton, Doughty's former employer.
Drake's successful exploits of plunder and subsequent return to England are covered almost incidentally. One disturbing scene involves the abandonment of the navigator Nuno da Silva on the shores of Mexico. Drake knows that da Silva will certainly fall into the hands of the Spanish Inquisition, yet is unwilling for a Portuguese national to see the Straits of Anian. The treatment of da Silva is extremely upsetting to the crew, including Drake's nephew, who formerly idolized his uncle.
Drake cannot find Anian, and so returns home the long way, by going completely around the globe. After hearing Drake's story, Elizabeth, clearly interested in the riches which Drake has won, grants him her full protection from Doughty's friends and from the Spanish king, who has demanded his execution. She cynically informs him that if he had not succeeded, he would be as good as dead for the execution of Doughty. The film ends with Drake's knighthood, a triumph that seems oddly hollow due to the strained reaction shots of some of the surviving characters including Drake's nephew and the preacher, Francis Fletcher.
Production.
According to actor Paul Darrow, "Drake's Venture" was Westward Television's attempt to justify its franchise renewal. The subject matter was especially appropriate since Westward's logo was the Golden Hind. The attempt failed; ironically, the news that the south-west franchise was given to TSW Television South West was made during a commercial break during the lone showing of "Drake's Venture" in Britain.
What little we know of the production is from Darrow's autobiography, "You're Him, Aren't You?" In it, he remarks that the filming took three months, using a full-scale authentic replica of the "Golden Hind". The ocean scenes were filmed on the English Channel; the location shooting for San Julian was at Slapton Sands in Devon. According to Darrow, the sea was rough and Michael Irving, the actor who played Leonard Vicary, became so ill he had to be hospitalized, of necessity reducing his role in the film.
References.
Darrow, Paul. "You're Him, Aren't You?" Great Britain: Big Finish Productions, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18893277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893277" title="Gayle Wilson">
Gayle Wilson

Gayle Edlund Wilson (born 1942) is an American business professional, community activist, and the former First Lady of the state of California (1991-1999). She is married to former California Governor and Senator Pete Wilson, with whom she has two sons. 
As an activist, Wilson has concentrated her efforts on improving early childhood health and encouraging children in the areas of math and science.
First Lady of California.
As California’s First Lady, Wilson worked to further her husband's goals of promoting early childhood education. She also helped establish a merit-based California state summer school for math and science, now known as COSMOS. Each summer this four-week residential program located on four University of California campuses serves over 600 high school aged students.
Post Sacramento.
Wilson currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Gilead Sciences, Inc., the College Access Foundation of California, and the Ralph M. Parsons Foundation. She is a member of the Board of Trustees of California Institute of Technology and Burnham Institute for Medical Research, and she is the chairman of the Advisory Board and primary fundraiser for COSMOS. She is a former member of the board of ARCO as well as of the Center for Excellence in Education.
Wilson is a past president of the Junior League of San Diego as well as a founding member of the San Diego chapter of ARCS (Achievement Rewards for College Scientists).
As a young woman Wilson earned national recognition as one of the top 40 finalists of the Westinghouse Science Talent Search (now the Intel Science Talent Search). She then furthered her academic career at Stanford University, where she earned a degree in biology and a Phi Beta Kappa key.
Wilson has two sons and five grandchildren.
In 2010, Wilson was honored by the Society for Science and the Public where she currently serves on the board of trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="18893291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893291" title="Winchester and Potomac Railroad">
Winchester and Potomac Railroad

The Winchester and Potomac Railroad (W&P) was a railroad in the southern United States, which ran from Winchester, Virginia to Harpers Ferry, West Virginia on the Potomac River, at a junction with the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O). It played a key role in early train raids of the B&O during the beginning months of the American Civil War.
The W&P Railroad was acquired by the B&O in 1902, and subsequently became part of CSX Transportation.
Founding and early history.
Most railroads built in Virginia before the Civil War connected farming and industrial centers to ports such as Alexandria and Norfolk. Towns west of the Blue Ridge Mountains needed rail transportation to connect with port cities but were hampered by the ability to cross the mountains because of the Allegheny Front escarpment. When the newly formed B&O Railroad (estab. 1827) was planned to cut across the northern end of the lower Shenandoah Valley, the Virginia General Assembly chartered the W&P Railroad in 1831. Routes were then surveyed by the Army Corps of Topographical Engineers from 1831 to 1832. Construction of the W&P began in 1833 and was completed by 1836, beginning its first operations on March 14 of that year. The B&O had reached Harpers Ferry in 1834. A final rail connection with the B&O was completed in January 1837 when the Winchester and Potomac was connected by the first B&O Railroad Bridge completed across the Potomac River, tying the lines together in a junction on the Virginia side of the river. This was also the first ever intersection of two railroads in the United States.
The W&P was a standard gauge road with rails of flat bar constructed upon ties cut from white oak and locust. The main line ran with another of sidings and turnouts. The railroad terminated at the corner of Water and Market Streets in Winchester. The Winchester depot immediately became a key economic hub serving merchant traders in Winchester for commodities such as wheat, hide, fur, tobacco and hemp. The north end of the rail line also served the thriving industrial town of Virginius Island, which sat astride the Shenandoah Canal on the south side of Harpers Ferry.
This connection to the B&O caused much concern politically, since this potentially enabled all farming and industrial produce in the Great Appalachian Valley region of Virginia to ship out of ports in Baltimore, Maryland and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania rather than through Virginian ports. Therefore this railroad was not authorized for connections further south. Those southern portions of the Shenandoah Valley were served later by other railways such as the Manassas Gap Railroad which connected Mount Jackson, Virginia to the Manassas Junction on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad and the Virginia Central Railroad which connected Staunton, Virginia to Richmond.
John Brown's raid.
The W&P was threatened during the events following John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry, and was a possible avenue for either an invasion into Virginia, or for a rescue operation of John Brown and other prisoners. The Governor of Virginia sent this notice to John W. Garrett, President of the Baltimore & Ohio, concerning Virginia Militia shutdown and control of both the W&P and B&O in connection with the raid in 1859.
Civil War.
By the start of the Civil War in 1861, W&P owned six locomotives: "Ancient", "Pocahontas", "Farmer", "President", "Virginia" and "Potomac", all of which had a 4-4-0 wheel arrangement, except for "Farmer", which was 4-2-0. Rolling stock included four passenger cars, one mail/baggage car, forty freight cars and eight repair cars. Officers of the company included William L. Clark, President and Chief Engineer Thomas Robinson Sharp. On June 18, 1861, the W&P Chief Engineer Sharp was commissioned a Captain in the Confederate States Army and was instrumental in various railroad operations, constructions and raids for the Confederacy and the Army of Northern Virginia, especially under Stonewall Jackson.
1861.
The W&P was of potential value to the Confederates for any need to attack Harpers Ferry and did serve a useful role in the movement of Virginia Militia troops to defensive positions in and about Harpers Ferry. Although it could potentially be used to feed Confederate forces into the defenses of western Virginia via the B&O, by running along the northern border of the Confederate states, it would have been vulnerable to attack, possibly stranding large units to the west. So, due to its very northern location, and mere spur-like connection to the B&O, its overall potential usefulness to the Confederacy was not great. The greatest use and value in the W&P came in the first eight months of the war, from May 1861 to January 1862, when it was utilized to ship light machinery from the Harpers Ferry arsenal down to Winchester, and from there overland to Strasburg and the Manassas Gap Railroad. The real shame was that the light strap rails did not permit heavy shipments, and this was a constant factor until late in the war. 
The W&P was a key asset used during the Great Train Raid of 1861 when Stonewall Jackson raided the B&O, removing, capturing or burning a total of 67 locomotives and 386 railway cars, and taking 19 of those locomotives and at least 80 railroad cars onto Confederate railroads. After initially trapping this rolling stock on the Virginia-controlled portion of the B&O, Jackson immediately "helped himself to four small locomotives not too heavy for the flimsy flat-bar rails of the Winchester & Potomac, and had them sent to Winchester," where they were disassembled near Fort Collier, mounted onto special dollies and wagons, and hauled by 40-horse teams "down the Valley turnpike to the Gap railroad at Strasburg," reassembled and placed back on the tracks "which connected with the Virginia Central and the entire railroad system of the Confederacy." Through this event, the Chief Engineer of the W&P, Thomas R. Sharp, became heavily involved with what was later referred to as the "railroad corps" of the Confederacy, disassembling and moving other locomotives, cars, rails, ties, and machinery from the B&O to Winchester for storage and subsequent removal deeper into Confederate territory. His success in the raid at the end of May 1861 by taking the four small locomotives over his railroad to Winchester earned him a commission as a Captain in the quartermaster service on June 18, 1861, and the new task of removing as many as possible of the remaining locomotives and rail cars still stranded up in Martinsburg.
Throughout the summer and fall of 1861, Capt. Thomas Sharp was busy supervising the removal of trains, equipment, rails and ties from the B&O, the "South's one unfailing source of supply." After the big summer campaigns of 1861 were mostly finished, Stonewall Jackson returned to Winchester and continued in his devotion of energy to "uprooting track west of Martinsburg" and were "able to deliver 3,000 tons of Baltimore & Ohio rails to the Winchester & Potomac Railroad in December, 1861."
1862.
In the opening months and winter of 1862 most of the Baltimore & Ohio rolling stock and rail ties that had been captured and stored in Winchester, with the help of W&P railroaders, were evacuated and used in various other Confederate railroads, such as the Centreville Military Railroad. The W&P at that point, however, had very little transportation value for either Confederate or Union forces for the rest of the war, and was not used by the Confederacy anymore after the spring of 1862, when it was seized by Union forces under Major General Nathaniel P. Banks.
Both the western portion of the Manassas Gap Railroad and the W&P Railroad were effectively under the control of Banks in the spring, and were going to be used as part of a plan developed by Major General George B. McClellan to support Union operations in that area. McClellan's plan was to connect the Manassas Gap Railroad and the W&P with a line between Winchester and Strasburg, creating a "complete circle of rails" from the Union capital at Washington, D.C. to the Shenandoah Valley by either the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad or the Orange and Alexandria Railroad.
Sometime in 1862, likely when McClellan occupied and controlled the W&P, its locomotives "Ancient" and "President" were captured, and later sold after the war. The "Ancient" was sold to J. Neilson in 1865, and the "President" was sold to the West Jersey and Atlantic Railroad.
Late in May, as Stonewall Jackson was busy routing the Fifth Corps under Banks, the B&O was shipping troops forward to Banks. "A troop train, in fact, arrived at Winchester (on the W&P) just as Banks began his retreat. Three companies got off and the remainder of the regiment rode back to Harpers Ferry." As Banks retreated from Winchester, the Confederates occupied the northern Shenandoah Valley, burned the W&P's principal bridges, and tore up all the track. After Jackson evacuated the area in early June, the Union Army began repairing the W&P, but heavy rains washed the bridges out, and the W&P was not restored to service until June 20, 1862.
In August 1862, as Major General John Pope was busy retreating and being defeated by General Lee in the Northern Virginia Campaign, Confederate intelligence learned that the W&P and the Baltimore & Ohio were being used to bring reinforcements to Pope. Reverend J. W. Jones of Charles Town, West Virginia, reported that the Northern government was using the railroad for that purpose, and this was confirmed three days later when Major General J.E.B. Stuart captured papers and letters belonging to Pope in a raid on his headquarters.
Also in August, Confederate lieutenants George Baylor and Milton Rousss of Company B, 12th Virginia Cavalry, led a small raid attacking the W&P between Summit Point and Cameron's Depot, capturing eight Union soldiers, $4,000 in cash and food supplies.
Following the Battle of Antietam in the 1862 Maryland Campaign, the Confederate States Army once again controlled the northern Shenandoah Valley for a brief time. The Confederates wanted to remove all the new rails laid down on the W&P, but due to a lack of wagons, were unable to take it. Therefore, General Robert E. Lee ordered Major General Lafayette McLaws' division to once again destroy the W&P in order to foil any attempt by McClellan to follow the Army of Northern Virginia. McClellan, meanwhile, on October 10, was making arrangements with the Baltimore & Ohio to reconstruct the W&P with heavier duty T-rails, locomotives and trains for planned future Union Army operations. The Baltimore & Ohio evaluated McClellan's plan, and replied that they did not have either the ties or rails to do the job, and that it would take at least six weeks to do the job, recommending that the Manassas Gap Railroad be repaired instead. McClellan then abandoned his plan to upgrade the W&P on October 12, and after a reconnaissance by Brigadier General A. A. Humphreys on October 19, the Union Army discovered that the W&P had been destroyed by the Confederates, making the upgrade plan even more unfeasible. In late October, General Robert E. Lee reported removal of the iron from the railroad for use elsewhere in the Confederacy.
1863.
During the first half of 1863, Winchester, Virginia, the terminus of the W&P, was occupied by Major General Robert H. Milroy, who made no use of the railroad. Resistance to occupation in the Valley began to grow, and the 43rd Battalion Virginia Cavalry was stood up in that area under Major John S. Mosby, also known as the "Gray Ghost". On June 15, after a sweeping rout of Milroy in the Second Battle of Winchester, the Confederates once again controlled the northern Shenandoah Valley as they marched to the Potomac River during the Gettysburg Campaign. Two days later, "Captain T. B. Lee of the Corps of Engineers, C.S.A., was ordered to proceed to the lines of the Winchester & Potomac and the Baltimore & Ohio to collect any machinery, tools, rolling stock, or portions thereof which fell into Confederate hands. He was instructed to arrange with Lee's chief quartermaster, Colonel J. L. Corley, for men and wagons to transport the material down the Valley turnpike." By the end of 1863 the W&P had been practically and nearly completely destroyed by the actions of armies on both sides, and the Confederates, who remained in loose control of the Valley, had no desire to repair or use the railroad, but rather desired to keep it inoperational.
1864.
In March and April 1864 Union forces, observed by Colonel John S. Mosby, were surveying the W&P and began repairing the road and laying rails, in preparation for advancements into the Valley. This report was relayed by Major General J.E.B. Stuart to General Robert E. Lee, saying, "It is stated that preparations are making to rebuild the [W&P] railroad from Harper's Ferry to Winchester, which would indicate a reoccupation of the latter place. The Baltimore & Ohio Railroad is very closely guarded along its whole extant. No ingress or egress from their lines is permitted to citizens as heretofore, and everything shows secrecy & preparation." The W&P Railroad was not actually re-opened by the Union for service until later in 1864.
After Major General Philip Sheridan pursued Lieutenant General Jubal A. Early south in the Shenandoah Valley, clearing the north end of Confederate forces, the Union Army set about, once again, and for the last time, repairing the W&P, reconstructing of roadway to serve Sheridan.
1865.
The W&P remained in Union Army control through the first half of 1865, and was the next to last of the Virginia railroads to be turned over to the Virginia Board of Public Works, sometime after June 30.
Post bellum.
Following the war, in 1866, control of the railroad was returned to the company and stock holders, who decided to lease the right–of-way to the B&O Railroad. In 1870 the new Winchester and Strasburg Railroad was built, which connected Harpers Ferry to the Manassas Gap Railroad at Strasburg, enabling a connection southwest up the Shenandoah Valley to Harrisonburg. Eventually the Baltimore & Ohio "purchased the Winchester & Potomac" and "constructed a line the length of the Valley" to Lexington, where it joined a spur of the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad. Throughout the Reconstruction era, northern railroad companies were able to charter new lines and construct railroads that connected the entire Shenandoah Valley north into Pennsylvania, and south into Tennessee and North Carolina.
In 1896 the United States Supreme Court ruled in a lawsuit, overturning a previous judgment in favor of W&P Railroad Company for $30,340, for the value of the iron rails that were removed in 1862 during the Civil War. The W&P claimed that its stock owners were loyal citizens during the war, and that the United States had taken possession and control of the valley up to Winchester, and then had removed its strap and T-rails over to the Manassas Gap Railroad for service, as well as storage in Alexandria, and they were never returned. Furthermore, W&P had paid Manassas Gap $25,000 in 1874 for rails that had been put on to the W&P.
20th century.
In 1902 the W&P Railroad was acquired by B&O Railroad, marking 71 years of total existence for the W&P. Later the B&O sold the line to the Roanoke, Belmont and Occidental Railroad and was used in its Eastern Division until 1964. The line finally came under control of CSX Transportation as its Shenandoah Subdivision.

</doc>
<doc id="18893295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893295" title="Sirutteok">
Sirutteok

Sirutteok (시루떡) is a type of Korean rice cake ("tteok") traditionally made by steaming rice or glutinous rice flour in a "siru" (시루), a large earthenware vessel used for steaming which gives "sirutteok" its name. "Sirutteok" is regarded as the oldest form of "tteok" in Korean history.
Preparation.
"Sirutteok" is made by soaking rice or glutinous rice in water and then grinding it. Thus prepared, the rice flour is put in a "siru" and steamed. According to steaming method, "sirutteok" is subdivided into two groups: "seolgitteok" (설기떡) and "kyeotteok" (켜떡). "Seolgitteok"---also called "muritteok" (무리떡)---is regarded as the most basic form of "sirutteok" and is made only with rice. "Kyeotteok" consists of multiple layers of azuki bean or other bean powder and a rice-glutinous rice mixture.
Ingredients.
The main ingredients for ""sirutteok"" are rice (멥쌀 "mepssal" in Korean) or glutinous rice (찹쌀 "chapssal"), which sometimes are mixed. Other grains and beans (such as azuki bean, mung bean and sesame, wheat flour or starch) can also be mixed with the rice. Various fruits and nuts are used as subsidiary ingredients, such as persimmon, peach or apricot, chestnut, walnut, and pine nut. In addition, vegetables or herbs can be used to flavor the "tteok". "Danggwi" leaves (당귀잎; "Ostericum grosseserratum"), "seogi" mushroom (manna lichen), daikon, artemisia, pepper, and Korean wine for example, whereas honey and sugar are used as sweeteners.

</doc>
<doc id="18893307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893307" title="Leipzig (district)">
Leipzig (district)

Leipzig (official name: "Landkreis Leipzig") is a district ("Kreis") in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is named after the city Leipzig, which is partly surrounded by the district, but not part of it. It borders (from the west and clockwise) the state Saxony-Anhalt, the urban district Leipzig, the districts Nordsachsen and Mittelsachsen, and the state Thuringia.
Geography.
The district is located in the Leipzig Bay and is rather flat. Individual hills are found in the north (Hohburg Hills) and south of the district. Its larger rivers are the Mulde, Pleiße and White Elster. Also worth mentioning are the many lakes of the Leipzig Neuseenland in the west of the county, that were formed by flooding old brown coal pits.
History.
The district was established by merging the former districts Muldentalkreis and Leipziger Land as part of the district reform of August 2008.
Geography.
The district is located in the lowlands around Leipzig. The main rivers of the district are the Mulde, the Weiße Elster and the Pleiße. 

</doc>
<doc id="18893310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893310" title="Rui Miguel Silva">
Rui Miguel Silva

Rui Miguel Alves da Silva; born 18 April 1990 in Porto, Portugal) is a racing driver who drove for OnlyOne Racing Kart teams during a four year stint as part of the European circus. In the first year of his European Kart career (2001) he set a new record for the most fastest laps by a driver in a season (8) and had several wins before his serious injury. In 2008 he was the Portuguese National Kart Champion.
Early career.
Born in Porto, Portugal, Rui was inspired by his father to begin racing, and drove in the 1997 Portuguese Kart Cup. He took 5 wins and 5 pole positions to become B-class champion and rookie of the year. In 1998, he moved on to the French Championship, finishing 12th overall and taking the rookie of the year award. He continued in the championship in 1999, taking one win and three other podium positions to finish 6th overall. In the International Finals held at Estoril, Rui claimed the third place after taking pole position and the fastest lap of the race but was eventually disqualified
In 2000, Monteiro again competed in Portuguese Kart Cup, this time finishing 2nd in the championship after taking 4 wins throughout the season. He also competed in the single Kart 300 Junior European Championship double-header race, finishing 2nd overall with one win at Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps. He also competed in a couple of one-off events, coming 2nd in the Spanish Super Prix.

</doc>
<doc id="18893316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893316" title="China Ethnic Museum">
China Ethnic Museum

The China Ethnic Museum (中华民族博物馆; pinyin: Zhōnghuá Mínzú Bówùguǎn; also called Chinese Ethnic Culture Park, 中华民族园; pinyin: Zhōnghuá Mínzú Yuán) is a museum in Beijing, China, located just to the west of the Olympic Green. It features displays of the daily life and architecture of China's 56 ethnic groups.
As stated on its website, the museum's goals are as follows:
Construction began in October 1992. The North Section was opened to the public on June 18, 1994, and the South Section was opened in September 2001. Construction has continued through the 2008 Summer Olympics. The museum covers approximately 50 hectares and so far comprises 44 ethnic villages and 200 ethnic buildings. There are 800 staff members comprising various Chinese ethnic groups. All buildings are constructed to a ratio of 1:1.
At the museum, several ethnic groups grow traditional crops such as paddy rice or buckwheat, and each day Tibetan lamas from the Tar Monastery of Qinghai chant Buddhist sutras.
The museum has also collected approximately 100,000 cultural relics, and exhibits items representing the daily life of China's ethnic groups.
The museum's curator is Wang Ping.
Ethnic activities.
Festivals and cultural activities featured by the China Ethnic Museum include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18893322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893322" title="Airco DH.9C">
Airco DH.9C

The Airco DH.9C was a British passenger aircraft.
Development and design.
After World War I there were many surplus Airco DH.9 light bombers, designed by Geoffrey de Havilland, available for the emerging air transport business. At first stripped DH.9s were used to carry one passenger behind the pilot in the gunner's position, but later versions, designated DH.9B added a second passenger seat ahead of the pilot. A second seat behind the pilot was added by extending the rear cockpit in the early DH.9C. Later DH.9Cs had this rear position converted to hold two passengers face to face, protected by a faired dorsal canopy or cabin. Most of these later four seat aircraft had slight sweepback to counter the rearward shift in the centre of gravity.
The DH.9, DH.9B and DH.9C were dimensionally similar, with the same span and height and only small variations in length depending on the powerplant. They were two bay tractor biplanes, with fixed two wheel main and tail-skid undercarriage. Their structures were of spruce and ash, wire braced and fabric covered.
The first four seat, swept DH.9C, "G-EAYT" received its C of A on 13 January 1922.
Operational history.
Nineteen aircraft were produced for operators, 13 in the UK, 3 in Australia, and 3 in Spain. The last in service was operated by Northern Air Lines in Barton, Greater Manchester until 1932.
Operators.
"Information from" 

</doc>
<doc id="18893354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893354" title="Ottoman Greeks">
Ottoman Greeks

Ottoman Greeks (Greek: Οθωμανοί Έλληνες, ) were ethnic Greeks who lived in the Ottoman Empire (1299–1923), the Republic of Turkey's predecessor. Ottoman Greeks, who were Greek Orthodox Christians, belonged to the Rum Millet ("Millet-i Rum"). They were concentrated in what is today modern Greece and Greek Macedonia, western Asia Minor (especially in and around Smyrni), central Anatolia (espacially Cappadocia), northeastern Anatolia (especially in Erzurum vilayet, in and around Trebizond and in the Pontic Alps (roughly corresponding to the medieval Greek kingdom of Pontus, which was situated along the southeastern shores of the Black Sea and the highlands of the interior). There were also sizeable Greek communities elsewhere in the Ottoman Balkans, Ottoman Armenia, and the Ottoman Caucasus, including in what, between 1878 and 1917, made up the Russian Caucasus province of Kars Oblast, in which Pontic Greeks, northeastern Anatolian Greeks, and Caucasus Greeks who had collaborated with the Russian Imperial Army in the Russo-Turkish War of 1828-1829 were settled in over 70 villages, as part of official Russian policy to re-populate with Orthodox Christians an area that was traditionally made up of Ottoman Muslims and Armenians.
History.
Introduction.
In the Ottoman Empire, in accordance with the Muslim "dhimmi" system, Greeks, as Christians, were guaranteed limited freedoms (such as the right to worship), but were treated as second-class citizens. Christians and Jews were not considered equals to Muslims: testimony against Muslims by Christians and Jews was inadmissible in courts of law. They were forbidden to carry weapons or ride atop horses, their houses could not overlook those of Muslims, and their religious practices would have to defer to those of Muslims, in addition to various other legal limitations. Violation of these statutes could result in punishments ranging from the levying of fines to execution.
The Ecumenical Patriarch was recognized as the highest religious and political leader (millet-bashi, or ethnarch) of all Orthodox Christian subjects of the Sultan, though in certain periods some major powers, such as Russia (under the Treaty of Küçük Kaynarca of 1774), or Great Britain claimed the rights of protection over the Ottoman Empire's Orthodox subjects.
Nineteenth century.
The three major European powers, Great Britain, France and Russia (known as the Great Powers), took issue with the Ottoman Empire's treatment of its Christian minorities and increasingly pressured the Ottoman government (also known as the Sublime Porte) to extend equal rights to all its citizens. Beginning in 1839, the Ottoman government implemented the Tanzimat reforms to improve the situation of minorities, although these would prove largely ineffective. In 1856, the "Hatt-ı Hümayun" promised equality for all Ottoman citizens irrespective of their ethnicity and confession, widening the scope of the 1839 "Hatt-ı Şerif" of Gülhane. The reformist period peaked with the Constitution, (or "Kanûn-ı Esâsî" in Ottoman Turkish), which was promulgated on November 23, 1876. It established freedom of belief and equality of all citizens before the law.
Twentieth century.
On July 24, 1908, Greeks' hopes for equality in the Ottoman Empire brightened with the removal of Sultan Abd-ul-Hamid II (r. 1876–1909) from power and restored the country back to a constitutional monarchy. The Committee of Union and Progress (more commonly called the Young Turks), a political party opposed to the absolute rule of Sultan Abd-ul-Hamid II, had led a rebellion against their ruler. The pro-reform Young Turks deposed the Sultan and replaced him with the ineffective Sultan Mehmed V (r. 1908–1918).
Before World War I, there were an estimated 1.8 million Greeks living in the Ottoman Empire. Some prominent Ottoman Greeks served as Ottoman Parliamentary Deputies. In the 1908 Parliament, there were twenty-six (26) Ottoman Greek deputies but their number dropped to eighteen (18) by 1914. It is estimated that the Greek population of the Ottoman Empire in Asia Minor had 2,300 community schools, 200,000 students, 5,000 teachers, 2,000 Greek Orthodox churches, and 3,000 Greek Orthodox priests.
From 1914 until 1923, Greeks in Thrace and Asia Minor were subject to a campaign including massacres and internal deportations involving death marches. The International Association of Genocide Scholars (IAGS) recognizes it as genocide and refers to the campaign as the "Greek Genocide".
Patriarchate.
After the fall of Constantinople in 1453, when the Sultan virtually replaced the Byzantine emperor among subjugated Christians, the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople was recognized by the Sultan as the religious and national leader ("ethnarch") of Greeks and the other ethnicities that were included in the Greek Orthodox "Millet". The Patriarchate earned a primary importance and occupied this key role among the Christians of the Ottoman Empire because the Ottomans did not legally distinguish between nationality and religion, and thus regarded all the Orthodox Christians of the Empire as a single entity.
The position of the Patriarchate in the Ottoman state encouraged projects of Greek renaissance, centered on the resurrection and revitalization of the Byzantine Empire. The Patriarch and those church dignitaries around him constituted the first centre of power for the Greeks inside the Ottoman state, one which succeeded in infiltrating the structures of the Ottoman Empire, while attracting the former Byzantine nobility.
Identity.
The Greeks were a self-conscious group within the larger Christian Orthodox religious community established by the Ottoman Empire. They distinguished themselves from their Orthodox co-religionists by retaining their Greek culture, customs, language, and tradition of education. Throughout the post-Byzantine and Ottoman periods, Greeks, as members of the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople, declared themselves as "Graikoi" (Greek: Γραικοί, "Greeks") and "Romaioi" or "Romioi" (Greek: Ρωμαίοι/Ρωμηιοί, "Romans"). Besides , many Greeks in Anatolia descended from Greeks coming from Aegean islands , Ionian islands , Crete and the Peloponnese in between the seventh and nineth centuries , especially in Smyrna and maintened strong relationship with the Greek state.

</doc>
<doc id="18893358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893358" title="Cara Tivey">
Cara Tivey

Cara Tivey is an English pianist/keyboardist and vocalist who had mainly worked as a side musician. She is best known for her collaborations with Billy Bragg. Tivey is also the cousin of Stephen and Nick Duffy of The Lilac Time.
Biography.
Tivey got her first recording break by playing keyboards on Everything But The Girl's 1986 album "Baby the Stars Shine Bright". 
In 1988, she started working with Billy Bragg on the "Workers Playtime" album. She got a shared bill with Bragg on the song "She's Leaving Home", which they recorded for the Beatles tribute "Sgt. Pepper Knew My Father" compilation. The song eventually reached number one in the UK Singles Chart as part of the double A side single along with Wet Wet Wet's "With a Little Help from My Friends". 
Tivey performed on Bragg's 1990 album "The Internationale" and on 1991's "Don't Try This at Home", before he took a five-year break in recording. Also in 1990 and 1991, Tivey contributed to The Lilac Time's "Paradise Circus", "& Love for All" and "Astronauts" LPs.
During Bragg's hiatus, Tivey contributed to the "Music In Colors" album by Stephen Duffy in 1993. She also became Blur's live keyboardist during their "Modern Life Is Rubbish" and "Parklife" era. 
Tivey reunited with Bragg for the final time on his 1996 album, "William Bloke".
Personal life.
Tivey currently works as a Music Lecturer at the Royal National College for the Blind in Hereford, England. She is married to fellow musician Micky Harris, and they have two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="18893367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893367" title="Kasivisvesvara Temple, Lakkundi">
Kasivisvesvara Temple, Lakkundi

The Kasivisvesvara temple () (also spelt Kashivishveshvara) and sometimes called "Kashivishvanatha" () temple is located in Lakkundi, in the (Gadag district) of Karnataka state, India. It is 11 km from Gadag city, 24 km from Dambal and about 50 km from Kuknur.
The centre of cultural and temple-building activity of the Western Chalukya Empire lay in the Tungabhadra river region, where large medieval workshops built numerous monuments. These monuments, regional variants of pre-existing dravida (South Indian) temples, defined the "Karnata dravida" tradition. Lakkundi in particular was the location of the mature phase of the Western Chalukya architecture, and the Kasivisvesvara temple marks a high point of these achievements. According the Henry Cousens, it is one of the most ornate temples in the Kannada spoken region of India.
The existence of a 1087 CE inscription on a beam in the temple mantapa (hall) and the plainness of that part of the temple suggests that the original construction may have been simpler and that the profusion of decoration may have been added to the other parts of the temple at a later period, with the end of Chola invasions of Chalukyan territory. Most of the inscriptions in Lakkundi date from 1170 CE onwards. It is known that Hoysala king Veera Ballala II annexed Lakkundi (also known as Lokkigundi) from the Seunas of Devagiri and made it his capital around 1193 CE. It is possible that the temple may have received embellishment during his rule.
Temple plan.
This is a double shrined temple ("dvikuta"). The shrine facing east is dedicated to Kasivisvesvara (Hindu god Shiva) whose universal symbol, a "linga", stands three feet tall in the sanctum. The other shrine, which faces the main shrine is dedicated to the sun god Surya and is called "Suryanarayana". The Surya shrine faces west, an unusual occurrence among Surya temples, which normally face east. The Kasivisvesvara temple epitomises the shift in Chalukyan artistic achievements, towards sharper and crisper stone work not seen in earlier constructions, taking full advantage of the effect of light and shade. Special attention was paid to mouldings, arches and other details on the tower, and decorations on door jambs and lintels.
The architects in the Karnataka region seem to have been inspired by architectural developments in northern India. This is evidenced by the fact that they incorporated decorative miniature towers (multi-aedicular towers depicting superstructures) of the "Sekhari" and "Bhumija" types, supported on pilasters, almost simultaneously with these developments in the temples in northern India. The miniature towers represented shrines, which in turn represented deities. Sculptural depictions of deities were generally discreet although not uncommon. Other northern ideas they incorporated were the pillar bodies that appeared as wall projections. Well-known constructions incorporating these features are found at the Kasivisvesvara Temple and the nearby Nannesvara Temple.
Decorative features.
According to Cousens, the doorpost mouldings on the southern and eastern doorway are worthy of mention. On both sides of the southern doorway are four inner bands of scrolls which run up the sides and around the lower part of the entablature above. Next to these bands, on either side, in the centre, are tall columns or pilasters supporting the lower cornice above. Beyond these columns, on either side, are four more bands of decorative mouldings. On the lintel of the doorway is a dedicatory block containing an image of Gaja-Lakshmi with an elephant on either side. In fact, in the Kannada spoken regions, it is common to find the image of Lakshmi in the dedicatory block on the lintel irrespective of the temple's original dedication; whether the principal deity was Shiva, Vishnu or Jaina. Above the lower cornice, the entablature consists of small figures, now numbering only three (must have been eleven originally) standing under cusped arches. Above these figures is a valance of beads hanging in festoons. According to art historian Cousens, the decoration on the eastern doorway, though not a fine as on the southern doorway, is worthy of praise for its filigree work. The doorway to the shrine (sanctum) rivals the exterior ones in finish. The dedicatory block on the lintel has an image of Gaja-Lakshmi and her elephants. Above the cornice is a procession of men and animals. These images, which are barely six inches tall, include horsemen and musicians. Above these images are the trinity of Hindu gods: Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva.
The ornamentation on the outer wall of the shrine consists of prominent central niches above which is a miniature tower (sikhara or aedicule) which is purely "nagara" (north Indian) in style and cuts through the principal cornice. The decorative arch above the miniature tower is a conspicuous ornamental feature of the superstructure. The miniature tower–arch combination is repeated up the superstructure of the shrine. The finial ("kalasha") and the capping structure of the tower is missing. In the temple hall, the pillars, their capital, and brackets figures above the capital (which include little lions, "kirthimukhas" and scrolls) are evidence of expert workmanship, the kind found on ivory or silver. The artisans fully availed the workable properties of finely grained stone (soapstone) to produce polished pillars whose shafts have a rounded appearance obtained by using a lathe.

</doc>
<doc id="18893375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893375" title="List of Hannah Montana DVDs">
List of Hannah Montana DVDs

This is a list of Hannah Montana DVDs from Regions 1, 2, and 4.
Region 1 (United States and Canada).
Season releases.
According to Amazon.com, Seasons 2 and 3 will be released, however no dates have been announced.
Region 4 (Australia, New Zealand, Mexico, Caribbean, and South America).
Season releases.
Hannah Montana DVDs are available in New Zealand, but they can only be bought online.

</doc>
<doc id="18893381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893381" title="Savannah Braves">
Savannah Braves

The Savannah Braves, were a baseball team that existed from 1971 to 1983 in Savannah, Georgia, United States. Affiliated with the Atlanta Braves, they played in the Southern League and played their home games at Grayson Stadium. They moved to Greenville, South Carolina and played there until 2005 when they moved to Pearl, Mississippi.

</doc>
<doc id="18893388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893388" title="Barangay Apo">
Barangay Apo

Barangay Apo is the fourteenth studio album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's a 9-track album released in 1994 under Universal Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18893391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893391" title="Partenavia Tornado">
Partenavia Tornado

The Partenavia P.55 Tornado is a 1950s Italian high-performance competition and touring monoplane built by Partenavia. The Tornado was a small mid-wing cantilever monoplane with a retractable tricycle landing gear. The aircraft was powered by a nose-mounted Lycoming O-320 piston engine.
The aircraft was commissioned to win the "Tour of Sicily" (it: Giro di Sicilia), and the Tornado won the race in 1956. Although the aircraft had won the race it was too specialised design to enter production and only one aircraft (registered I-REGJ) was built. I-REGJ was destroyed in a crash on 13 June 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="18893398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893398" title="On One">
On One

On One is the eleventh album released by rapper, Keak da Sneak.

</doc>
<doc id="18893411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893411" title="Compound butter">
Compound butter

Compound butters (French: "Beurre composé", pl. "Beurres composés") are mixtures of butter and supplementary ingredients. Primarily, they are used to enhance flavor in various dishes, in a fashion similar to a sauce. 
Compound butters can be made at home or purchased commercially. A compound butter can be made by whipping additional elements, such as herbs, spices or aromatic liquids, into butter. The butter is then reformed, usually in plastic wrap or parchment paper, and chilled until it is firm enough to be sliced. These butters can be melted on top of meats and vegetables, used as a spread or used to finish various sauces. 
Warm "beurres composés" include:
Cold "beurres composés" include:

</doc>
<doc id="18893415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893415" title="Lorenz-Günther Köstner">
Lorenz-Günther Köstner

Lorenz-Günther Köstner (born 30 January 1952) is a retired German footballer who is now a football manager of Fortuna Düsseldorf. Following the sacking of Armin Veh on 25 January 2010, he was named interim manager of VfL Wolfsburg until 30 June 2010.
Coaching career.
Early career.
Between July 1982 and June 1990, Köstner was head coach of Bayern Hof, Reutlingen 05, SC Freiburg, and Hessen Kassel. Then Köstner became assistant coach with VfB Stuttgart.
Rot-Weiss Essen.
Köstner was head coach of Rot-Weiss Essen between November 2006 and May 2007.
VfL Wolfsburg.
Köstner had three spells as head coach of VfL Wolfsburg. The first spell happened between December 2008 and January 2010, the second spell happened between July 2010 and October 2012, and the final stint happened between December 2012 and June 2013. In between the stints, Köstner was head coach on two occasions. In the first occasion, Köstner replaced Armin Veh and was named interim head coach until the end of the season on 25 January 2010. Steve McClaren eventually replace Veh as head coach. For the second stint, Köstner became interim head coach when Wolfsburg sacked Felix Magath on 25 October 2012. Dieter Hecking eventually replaced Magath. Köstner then continued in his role as the reserve team head coach until June 2013. Valérien Ismaël replaced Köstner as the reserve team head coach.
Fortuna Düsseldorf.
Köstner became manager of Fortuna Düsseldorf on 30 December 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18893428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893428" title="Circuit des Ardennes">
Circuit des Ardennes

The Circuit des Ardennes was an auto race held annually at the Circuit de Bastogne, Bastogne, from 1902 to 1907. It was the first major race to run on a closed course instead of from one city to another.

</doc>
<doc id="18893435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893435" title="Carmen Lelia Cristóbal">
Carmen Lelia Cristóbal

Carmen Lelia Cristóbal is an Argentine professor of botany at the National University of the Northeast (UNNE) in Corrientes.
In 1959, she earned her doctorate degree in botany at the National University of Tucumán. Her specialty was the family Sterculiaceae, and her thesis on the genus "Ayenia" earned her two prizes: the "Ernesto Padilla" Prize in 1960 from the Miguel Lillo Foundation ("Fundación Miguel Lillo") and the "Cristobal Hicken" Prize in 1961 from the National Academy of Sciences of Argentina.
Cristóbal was a docent at Tucumán in 1962 at the same time that she began work as a CONICET researcher.
In 1964 she became a professor of Botany I at Corrientes, where she also lectured as part of the Faculty of Exact Sciences.
Cristóbal and her husband, Antonio Krapovickas, established UNNE's Instituto de Botánica del Nordeste, or "Ibone", at over 250,000 specimens.
She has written over 40 works, including 4 taxonomic revisions, and her work with the genus "Byttneria" is particularly noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18893438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893438" title="Lady Franklin Bay Expedition">
Lady Franklin Bay Expedition

The 1881-1884 Lady Franklin Bay Expedition (officially: International Polar Expedition ) into the Canadian Arctic was led by Lt. Adolphus Greely and was promoted by the United States Army Signal Corps. Its purpose was threefold: to establish a meteorological-observation station as part of the First International Polar Year, to collect astronomical data, and polar magnetic data. During the expedition, two members of the crew reached a new "Farthest North" record.
The expedition was under the auspices of the Signal Corps at a time when the Corps' Chief Disbursements Officer, Henry W. Howgate, was arrested for embezzlement. However, that did not deter the planning and execution of the voyage.
1881.
The expedition was led by Lt. Adolphus Greely of the Fifth United States Cavalry, with astronomer Edward Israel and photographer George W. Rice among the crew of 21 officers and men. They sailed on the ship "Proteus" and reached St. John's, Newfoundland in early July 1881. At Godhavn, Greenland, they picked up two Inuit dogsled drivers, as well as physician Dr. Octave Pavy and Mr. Clay who had continued scientific studies instead of returning on the "Florence" with the remainder of the 1880 Howgate Expedition. The "Proteus" arrived without problems at Lady Franklin Bay by August 11, dropped off men and provisions, and left. In the following months, Lt. James Booth Lockwood and Sgt. David Legge Brainard achieved a new "farthest north" record at , off the north coast of Greenland. Unbeknownst to Greely, the summer had been extraordinarily warm, which led to an underestimation of the difficulties which their relief expeditions would face in reaching Lady Franklin Bay in subsequent years.
1882.
By summer of 1882, the men were expecting a supply ship from the south. The "Neptune", laden with relief supplies, set out in July 1882 but, cut off by ice and weather, Capt. Beebe was forced to turn around prematurely. All he could do was leave some supplies at Smith Sound in August, and the remaining provisions in Newfoundland, with plans for their delivery the following year. On July 20, Dr. Pavy's contract ended, and Pavy announced that he would not renew it, but would continue to attend to the expedition's medical needs. Greely was incensed, and ordered the doctor to turn over all his records and journals. Pavy refused, and Greely placed him under arrest. Pavy was not confined, however Greely claimed he intended to court-martial him when they returned to the United States.
1883.
In 1883, new rescue attempts of the "Proteus", commanded by Lt. Ernest Garlington and the "Yantic", commanded by Cdr. Frank Wildes, USN, failed, with the "Proteus" being crushed by the ice.
In summer 1883, in accordance with his instructions for the case of two consecutive relief expeditions not reaching Fort Conger, Greely decided to head South with his crew. It had been planned that the relief ships should depot supplies along the Nares Strait, around Cape Sabine and at Littleton Island, if they were unable to reach Fort Conger, which should have made for a comfortable wintering of Greely's men. But with the "Neptune" not even getting that far and the "Proteus" sunk, in reality only a small emergency cache with 40 days worth of supplies had been laid at Cape Sabine by the "Proteus".
When arriving there in October 1883, the season was too advanced for Greely to either try to brave the Baffin Bay to reach Greenland with his small boats, or to retire to Fort Conger, so he had to winter on the spot.
1884.
In 1884, Secretary of the Navy, William E. Chandler, was credited with planning the ensuing rescue effort, commanded by Cdr. Winfield Schley. While four vessels ("Bear", "Thetis", the British government's "Alert", and "Loch Garry") made it to Greely's camp on June 22, only seven men had survived the winter. The rest had succumbed to starvation, hypothermia, and drowning, and one man, Private Henry, had been shot on Greely's order for repeated theft of food rations.
Home Coming.
The surviving members of the expedition were received as heroes. A parade attended by thousands was held in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. It was decided that each of the survivors was to be awarded a promotion in rank by the Army, although Greely reportedly refused.
Allegations of cannibalism.
Rumors of cannibalism arose following the return of the bodies of those who did not survive the expedition. On August 14, 1884, a few days after his funeral, the body of Lieutant Kislingbury, second in command of the expedition, was exhumed and an autopsy was performed. The finding that flesh had been cut from the bones appeared to confirm the accusation. Lieutenant Greely denied any knowledge of or official authorization of cannibalism.

</doc>
<doc id="18893487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893487" title="Turbio River">
Turbio River

The Turbio River (or Rio Turbio in Spanish) rises in a mountainous region of the Argentine Andes and discharges to the Última Esperanza Sound in Chile. Río Turbio headwaters are in a part of the Andes where there is no central valley, or gap between the eastern and western ridges. Not far from its mouth to the northwest lies the Cueva del Milodon Natural Monument, where remains of the extinct Giant sloth were discovered along with evidence of habitation by early man c. 10,000 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="18893495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893495" title="Dating Alternatib">
Dating Alternatib

Dating Alternatib is the fifteenth studio album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's an 8-track album released in 1996 under Universal Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18893498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893498" title="John B. Angier House">
John B. Angier House

The John B. Angier House is a historic house at 129 High Street in Medford, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1842 by Alexander Jackson Davis in a Gothic Revival style, and the property was originally landscaped by Andrew Downing. The owner, John B. Angier, was a prominent local schoolteacher whose pupils included Francis Parkman. The house is a rare Massachusetts example of Gothic Revival styling more commonly found along the Hudson River.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18893516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893516" title="Bigelow Block">
Bigelow Block

The Bigelow Block is a historic commercial and residential building at the corner of Forest and Salem Streets in Medford, Massachusetts. The Victorian block was built in 1886 for the locally prominent Bigelow family; it is a four story brick building with sandstone trim, terra cotta plaques, and copper-clad turret at the corner. It occupies a prominent position in the center of Medford, and is one of few surviving 19th century commercial buildings in the city.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18893519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893519" title="Central Florida Railroad Museum">
Central Florida Railroad Museum

The Central Florida Railroad Museum is located at 101 South Boyd Street, Winter Garden, Florida in a former Tavares and Gulf depot built in 1913. The museum contains exhibits depicting Central Florida's railroading history, including a large collection of dining car china. It is part of the Winter Garden Downtown Historic District, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The museum is operated by the Winter Garden Heritage Foundation and opened in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18893529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893529" title="S.S. Astro">
S.S. Astro

Plot.
Set in the present, the story focuses on the exploits of first time teachers Izumi Maki and Yuko Nagumo as they begin their teaching jobs at the school they used to attend (Asahio Shogo). Other faculty members include Setsuna Arai, the school's nurse, and Kaname Karasuma, a veteran teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="18893536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893536" title="Charles Brooks House">
Charles Brooks House

The Charles Brooks House is a historic house at 309 High Street in Medford, Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story wood frame house with brick side walls, each of which has two chimneys built into it. The house is estimated to have been built around 1780, early in the Federal period. It has exterior details that are now rare in Medford, including corner quoining and cornice detailing. The house is most notable, however, for its association with Rev. Charles Brooks, a prominent figure in local history. Brooks (1795-1872) played an active role in the development of the educational systems of Massachusetts, including its normal schools. He also cowrote an early history of the city.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18893541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893541" title="Wame Lewaravu">
Wame Lewaravu

Ratu Wame Ganilau Lewaravu (born in Lautoka, 24 September 1983) is a Fijian rugby union player. He plays as a lock.
Career.
Club.
He currently plays for Sale Sharks having previously played for Overmach Parma and London Welsh.
Debut.
His first match for Fiji was on 19 May 2007, in a 3–8 loss to rivals Samoa.
World Cup 2007.
Lewaravu was selected for the 2007 Rugby World Cup finals, playing in four matches. His more recent match was at 14 June 2008, in a 7–11 loss to New Zealand Māori. He currently holds 12 caps for Fiji.

</doc>
<doc id="18893552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893552" title="Forgotten Songs of Some Old Yesterday">
Forgotten Songs of Some Old Yesterday

Forgotten Songs Of Some Old Yesterday is a Compilation Album released in 1980 by folk musician John Stewart, former member of the Kingston Trio. This album was released in Great Britain and includes the otherwise unavailable "Rodeo Mary".
Track listing.
All compositions by John Stewart except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18893553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893553" title="The Sugar Mix Album">
The Sugar Mix Album

The Sugar Mix Album is the second remix album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno, released on CBS-Epic in late 1990. 
Following the duo's international breakthrough in 1990 with the Eurovision Song Contest entry "Bandido" and the album with the same title they released their second remix collection including the 12" versions of the singles "A Caballo", "Bandido", "Oye Como Va" / "Guajira" and "Ven Devórame Otra Vez". Just like the preceding "Mix In Spain" the album juxtaposed the Salazár sisters' typical flamenco vocal style against contemporary dance arrangements which drew heavily on influences from genres like house music, acid house, hip hop, R&B and rap. The Puerto Rico Mix of "Oye Como Va" / "Guajira" was the duo's first collaboration with acknowledged American remix producer Pablo Flores, best known for his work with Gloria Estefan. Flores would go on to remix several of Azúcar Moreno's hits later in the 1990s and 2000s. "The Sugar Mix Album" also featured two mixes previously included on the "Mix In Spain" album; "Debajo Del Olivo" (Mix In Spain) and "Aunque Me Falte El Aire" (Lerele Mix), both originally from their third studio album "Carne De Melocotón". 
"The Sugar Mix Album" was released on vinyl, cassette and CD in most parts of the world but is out of print in all formats since the early 2000s.
Track listing.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="18893554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893554" title="Jonathan Brooks House">
Jonathan Brooks House

The Jonathan Brooks House is a historic house at 2 Woburn Street in Medford, Massachusetts. The house is estimated to have been built in the 1780s (the property is only described as including a house in 1791), although it may incorporate elements of an older structure. Jonathan Brooks, its owner in 1791, was a tanner and a member of the locally prominent Brooks family which owned much of West Medford at the time. The house is one of a small number of 18th century gambrel-roofed houses to survive in the city.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. It continues to be held in the Brooks family.

</doc>
<doc id="18893560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893560" title="1984 Benson and Hedges Open – Singles">
1984 Benson and Hedges Open – Singles

Danny Saltz defeated Chip Hooper 4-6, 6-3, 6-4, 6-4 to win the 1984 Heineken Open singles competition. John Alexander was the defending champion.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18893561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893561" title="The Wanderer (1994 TV series)">
The Wanderer (1994 TV series)

The Wanderer is a television series of British origin, first transmitted in 1994 and comprising 13 episodes.
Every episode brings a new adventure, and the story of long-ago brothers Adam and Zachary, Princess Beatrice, and Lady Clare slowly unfolds as the present-day Adam searches for the original Zachary's grave, a magic stone, and a lost book of power.
The show was created by Tom Gabbay, who also served as Executive Producer of the series, which was filmed on locations in Austria, Germany, Spain, and England, including Helmsley Castle and the Yorkshire Moors, by FingerTip Films (a partnership between Roy Clarke, who wrote the scripts, and producer Steve Lanning) for Yorkshire Television (UK), ZDF (Germany), Antena 3 (Spain), and SkyTV (UK). In the United States, "The Wanderer" was transmitted primarily in first-run syndication.
Plot.
Shy multi-millionaire businessman Adam ("the Wanderer" of the show's title) and his wicked twin brother Zachary (both played by Bryan Brown) are two former knights from the late Tenth Century, both of whom have been born again in the late Twentieth Century. Zachary is after a complicated revenge on Adam, who killed him in the year A.D. 1000, but much more is at stake than mere vengeance. As the turn of the Third Millennium approaches, people grow more superstitious, and Zachary plans to use this for his own purpose. He needs his brother dead and seen by witnesses so he can pose as Adam resurrected.
The other players in both time-zones are Zachary's beautiful but deadly companion Beatrice (Kim Thomson), Adam's friend Godbold (in the present day a philosophically-minded plumber and wrestler with a large beard, but once a hermit and monk, played by Tony Haygarth) and Adam's Tenth-Century lover Lady Clare (Deborah Moore). She has come back in the present day as Clare, a high-spirited photographer, and she does not plan to lose her man a second time.
Wolfgang Mathias is Adam's personal assistant. Unfortunately for him, as he himself has no roots in the Tenth Century, he finds virtually everything about the Wanderer's world extremely confusing.

</doc>
<doc id="18893572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893572" title="Shepherd Brooks Estate">
Shepherd Brooks Estate

The Shepherd Brooks Estate is an historic property at 275 Grove Street in Medford, Massachusetts. The property is owned by the city of Medford, and managed by a trust established to preserve the property. Its principal feature is the manor house constructed in 1881 by Shepherd Brooks, a member of a prominent Medford family. The grounds are open to the public daily, and tours of the house are available during the summer.
The estate was developed by Brooks, a member of the locally prominent Brooks family that dominated West Medford for many years, as a summer estate. The manor house was designed by Peabody & Stearns, and is a large red brick house, with Queen Anne styling. It has a complex roofline with many gables, and there is a port cochere. The estate originally included a second summer house called Point of Rocks, which had been built by Peter Chardon Brooks III in 1859, but this was demolished by the city in the 20th century. The city acquired the 82-acre remnant of the Brooks estate after the death of Shepherd Brooks' wife Clara in 1939. After the Second World War the city used the estate to provide housing for veterans, and in the 1960s and 70s it was used as a nursing home. Local conservationists then worked to permanently protect the property.
The property was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18893578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893578" title="Andrew Byrnes">
Andrew Byrnes

James Andrew Byrnes (born May 22, 1983) is a Canadian rower and Olympic gold medalist. He was born in Toronto, Ontario and raised in Ithaca, New York. Byrnes is a 2005 graduate of Bates College in Maine, where he rowed for the Bates Rowing Team and earned a masters degree in engineering from University of Pennsylvania in 2006.
He has won four World Rowing Championships medals, a bronze in 2006 in the men's coxed pairs with Derek O'Farrell and Brian Price; and a gold in 2007 in the men's eights, a silver in 2009 in Poznan, Poland in the men's eight and a bronze in Bled, Slovenia in 2011 in the men's eight.
He won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the men's eights with Ben Rutledge, Kyle Hamilton, Malcolm Howard, Adam Kreek, Kevin Light, Dominic Sieterle, Jake Wetzel and cox Brian Price.
He won a silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's eights. His teammates included Malcolm Howard and Brian Price, who he won gold with in 2008. The other six were Gabriel Bergen, Jeremiah Brown, Will Crothers, Douglas Csima, Robert Gibson and Conlin McCabe.

</doc>
<doc id="18893582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893582" title="Playlist Your Way (Jodeci album)">
Playlist Your Way (Jodeci album)

Playlist Your Way is a compilation album by Jodeci. It was released on August 5, 2008, by Universal Records as part of the Playlist Your Way Hits CD series.

</doc>
<doc id="18893585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893585" title="SANDDE">
SANDDE

SANDDE is a software and hardware system, developed primarily by IMAX Corporation, designed to create hand-drawn, stereoscopic 3D animation content. SANDDE is an acronym for "Stereoscopic ANimation Drawing DEvice" and is a play on the Japanese term for "3D", which is pronounced "San-D".
The concept of SANDDE is to enable artists to draw and animate in three-dimensional space. It is intended to be intuitively usable, like a pencil. As an art form, Sandde incorporates aspects of drawing, painting, sculpture and puppetry. Unlike most other 3D computer graphic animation tools, SANDDE does not require the construction of mathematically defined models. The main input device is a "wand" which allows the user to create drawings in the air.
Animators sit in virtual stereoscopic theaters and, using a specialized "wand," draw in space to create individual frames and then animate their creations using the interactive capabilities of the wand to create shots, sequences, and complete movies.
Sandde was originally developed by IMAX in the mid-1990s, and was used to create one IMAX short ("Paint Misbehavin"", "Moonman", "June", "The Wobble Incident", "Subconscious Password", and "Minotaur", while the latter has licensed SANDDE for "Ultimate Wave 3D" and "Legends of Flight", both produced by the Stephen Low Company.

</doc>
<doc id="18893591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893591" title="Mismo!">
Mismo!

Mismo! is the sixteenth studio album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's an 11-track album released in 1999 under Universal Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18893600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893600" title="SNCAC NC 211">
SNCAC NC 211

The SNCAC NC.211 Cormoran was a large four-engined military transport aircraft for passengers and cargo designed and built by SNCAC from 1945.
Design and development.
in 1945, the French military wanted to create paratrooper divisions, but quickly found that they did not have any aircraft that could be used for this purpose. So, General Juin, the then chief of staff, ordered the Direction Technique Industrielle to evaluate the interest for this project. SNCAC and Breguet Aviation answered positively and the SNCAC NC.210 was selected in December 1945 when a contract for 105 aircraft was awarded to SNCAC.
The NC.211 originated as the NC.210 powered by four Gnome-Rhône 18R 18-cylinder radial engines. With a change of engine type to the Gnome-Rhône 14R the designation changed to NC.211. Intended to provide the French Air Force, (French: "Armée de l'Air" (ALA), literally Army of the Air), with strategic transport and paratrooping capability the Cormoran was a large four-engined aircraft with a double-deck fuselage, high-set wing and tricycle undercarriage. Constructed largely of light-alloys with stressed skins and steel high stress components the Cormoran had a conventional tail unit with tailplane attached to the extreme rear of the fuselage and fin also. The cockpit was situated forward of the wing leading edge above the forward fuselage which also had large clamshell doors to the lower deck cargo compartment. Passengers, paratroops and stretchers were to have been carried in both the lower cabin and the upper cabin, which was on the same level as the cockpit aft of the wing. The retractable twin-wheeled undercarriage legs retracted into the rear of the inboard engine nacelles and the underside of the forward fuselage.
History.
After the fuselage of the first prototype was displayed at the 1946 Salon dÁeronautique in Paris on November 15, 1946 the first flight was delayed due to hydraulic problems on the landing gear. The first prototype Nc.211-01 was ready to fly in July 1948 making its first and only flight on 20 July 1948 at Toussous. During the flight a mis-match between flaps and tailplane/elevators caused the crash of the aircraft with the loss of all five on board.
Flight testing of the first production aircraft, from 9 April 1949, quickly revealed less than sparkling performance, leading to loss of confidence in the aircraft's ability to fulfil the requirement, (and possibly the safety of the design), resulting in cuts to the contract to ten production airframes. Flying with this aircraft ceased on 7 July 1949 with approximately 30 hours total flying time, after which the aircraft was used to house radio transmitters on the airfield at Villacoublay until it was scrapped circa 1972/3. All remaining aircraft and components were scrapped at the Aérocentre factory at Bourges or at Billancourt airfield.
Variants.
"Data from:"

</doc>
<doc id="18893603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893603" title="George P. Fernald House">
George P. Fernald House

The George P. Fernald House is a historic house at 12 Rock Hill Street in Medford, Massachusetts. The Colonial Revival mansion was built c. 1895 for George P. Fernald, an architect and leading exponent of the Colonial Revival style. The house was probably designed by Fernald, possibly with the assistance of his brother Albert, who was also an architect. The house has a two story Ionic pedimented portico that shelters an elaborate Federal-style entry, supposedly influenced by Fernald's work making drawings of the Count Rumford Birthplace in Woburn, Massachusetts.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18893604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893604" title="Viktor Bopp">
Viktor Bopp

Viktor Bopp (born 31 October 1989) is a German footballer who currently plays for Wacker Burghausen.
Personal life.
He is the younger brother of Eugen Bopp.

</doc>
<doc id="18893627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893627" title="Jonathan Fletcher House">
Jonathan Fletcher House

The Jonathan Fletcher House is a historic house at 285 High Street in Medford, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1835; its builder clearly drew inspiration from designs published by Asher Benjamin, and is an excellent example of transitional Federal-Greek Revival architecture.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 (incorrectly as being at 283 High Street).

</doc>
<doc id="18893636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893636" title="Isaac Hall House">
Isaac Hall House

The Isaac Hall House is a historic house at 43 High Street in Medford, Massachusetts. Built c. 1720 by Andrew Hall, it is the oldest surviving house in Medford Square. The three story wood frame house was extensively remodeled in the Federal style in c. 1780 by Hall's son Isaac. The house also has a prominent history in the American Revolutionary War: Isaac Hall was the captain of the Medford minute company, and his house is one of the places Paul Revere stopped on the night of April 18-19, 1775 before the Battles of Lexington and Concord.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. It now houses a funeral home.

</doc>
<doc id="18893640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893640" title="3MW">
3MW

3MW may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18893642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893642" title="Malcolm Howard (rower)">
Malcolm Howard (rower)

Malcolm Howard (born February 7, 1983) is a Canadian rower. He was born in Victoria, British Columbia and graduated from Brentwood College School (Mill Bay, British Columbia) in 2001. While at Brentwood he joined Canada's junior national team.
As part of the national team Howard won three World Rowing Championships medals including a silver in 2004 in the men's coxed fours, and a gold in 2007 in the men's eights.
He won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the men's eights with Andrew Byrnes, Kyle Hamilton, Adam Kreek, Kevin Light, Ben Rutledge, Dominic Sieterle, Jake Wetzel and cox Brian Price.
He won a silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's eights. His teammates included Andrew Byrnes and Brian Price, who he won gold with in 2008. The other six were Gabriel Bergen, Jeremiah Brown, Will Crothers, Douglas Csima, Robert Gibson and Conlin McCabe.
Howard attended Harvard, never losing a race in three years of rowing for the university. He plans a career in medicine. While studying for a Masters in clinical medicine at Oxford’s Oriel College he was in the stroke seat for the victorious Oxford crew in the 2013 University Boat Race. He was the third Canadian to stroke a Boat Race crew, joining Kip McDaniel for Cambridge (2006) and Mike Evans for Oxford (1984).
Howard has also rowed in pairs and single sculls. His wife Erika is a former world-class rhythmic gymnast.

</doc>
<doc id="18893656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893656" title="Hillside Avenue Historic District (Medford, Massachusetts)">
Hillside Avenue Historic District (Medford, Massachusetts)

The Hillside Avenue Historic District of Medford, Massachusetts encompasses a well preserved late 19th century residential subdivision. It consists of fifteen properties on Hillside and Grand View Avenues, near the downtown area of the city. Most of the houses in the district are Queen Anne Victorians, built in the 1890s; there are a number of Colonial Revival, Tudor, and Shingle style homes, all dating in construction betwee 1875 and 1895. Of particular note is the Bela Warner house at 35 Hillside Avenue, a dramatically sited Shingle style house built 1881-2.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18893672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893672" title="Lawrence Light Guard Armory">
Lawrence Light Guard Armory

The Lawrence Light Guard Armory is a historic armory building at 92 High Street in Medford, Massachusetts. The three story granite and brick building was build in 1891 to a design by Shepley, Rutan and Coolidge. The Romanesque Revival building has massive granite quoins on the corners, a granite course between the first and second floors, and granite lintel sections above its windows. The entrance, centered on the north facade, is flanked by round turrets with crenellated tops. 
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18893677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893677" title="Playlist Your Way (K-Ci &amp; JoJo album)">
Playlist Your Way (K-Ci &amp; JoJo album)

Playlist Your Way is a compilation album by K-Ci & JoJo released on August 5, 2008, by Universal Records as part of the Playlist Your Way Hits CD series.

</doc>
<doc id="18893690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893690" title="Joseph K. Manning House">
Joseph K. Manning House

The Joseph K. Manning House is a historic house at 35–37 Forest Street in Medford, Massachusetts. Built in 1875, this three story wood frame house is the most elaborate Second Empire house in the city. The most prominent feature of this architecturally complex building is a hexagonal pavilion attached to its porch at the western corner. It has an elaborate jigsaw-cut frieze and Stick style decorative woodwork, with a balustrade with heavy turned balusters. The house's mansard roof is shingled in multiple bands of colored slate, and pierced by pedimented dormers. At the upper roof line there is iron cresting. The house was built for Joseph King Manning, the son of a wealthy lumber dealer.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18893698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893698" title="HMS Antigua (1757)">
HMS Antigua (1757)

The first HMS "Antigua" was a 14-gun brig-sloop that served in the British Royal Navy from 1757 to 1763.
"Antigua" had served as a privateer before the Royal Navy purchased her on 4 June 1757. She was sold in the West Indies on 13 August 1763.

</doc>
<doc id="18893703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893703" title="Diana Gutkind">
Diana Gutkind

Diana Gutkind is an English Pianist and keyboardist.
Biography.
Gutkind worked as a session musician working with bands like "Sandals", before joining Blur, as their live keyboardist in 1995, taking over the part of Cara Tivey. She stayed with the band up to their 2000 concert tour. She played numerous gigs with the band and can be seen with the band on the Singles Night concert video, and be heard on the live version of Beetlebum that appeared on the Tibetan Freedom Concert cd, and "Live at the Budokan".
In 2004 she played keyboards on "Something Ilk" by Cathy Davey. In 2005 she played piano on two tracks from "Before the Poison" by Marianne Faithfull.
She is currently in the band "Mesmerise" with Scottish free jazz singer Maggie Nicols.

</doc>
<doc id="18893705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893705" title="John H. McGill House">
John H. McGill House

The John H. McGill House is a historic house at 56 Vernon Street in Medford, Massachusetts.
The Colonial Revival house was built by Robert Coit in 1902 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18893714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893714" title="Medford Pipe Bridge">
Medford Pipe Bridge

The Medford Pipe Bridge is a historic plate girder bridge over the Mystic River, between S. Court St. and the Mystic Valley Parkway in Medford, Massachusetts. It was built in 1897 as part of the Metropolitan Water Board's northern high and low service.
The bridge carries a 20" high-service pipe and a 48" low-service pipe between the Chestnut Hill Reservoir and Spot Pond that are cross connected with the Mystic Water Works pumping station in Somerville. The bridge was built by the New Jersey Steel & Iron Company in Trenton, New Jersey, and placed on abutments designed by Cheney & Trumbull. It also carries foot traffic.
The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18893715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893715" title="List of Washington Redskins football receiving leaders">
List of Washington Redskins football receiving leaders

The List of Washington Redskins football receiving leaders includes single-season and career records for each of three statistics: yardage, number of receptions, and receiving touchdowns, as well as single-game records for receptions and receiving yards. The Redskins compete in the East Division of the National Football Conference. The franchise was founded as the Boston Braves, named after the local baseball franchise. The team changed their name to the Redskins in 1933 and moved to Washington, D.C. in 1937.
The Redskins have played over one thousand games. In those games, the club won five professional American football championships including two NFL Championships and three Super Bowls. The franchise captured ten NFL divisional titles and six NFL conference championships.
The Redskins won the 1937 and 1942 Championship games, as well as Super Bowl XVII, XXII and XXVI. They also played in and lost the 1936, 1940, 1943 and 1945 Championship games, as well as Super Bowl VII and XVIII. They have made twenty-two postseason appearances, and have an overall postseason record of 23 wins and 17 losses. Only four teams have appeared in more Super Bowls than the Redskins: the Dallas Cowboys (eight), Pittsburgh Steelers (six), Denver Broncos (six) and New England Patriots (six); the Redskins' five appearances are tied with the San Francisco 49ers, Oakland Raiders and Miami Dolphins.

</doc>
<doc id="18893716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893716" title="Keezhpadam Kumaran Nair">
Keezhpadam Kumaran Nair

Keezhpadam Kumaran Nair (1916–2007) was a Kathakali artists from Kerala, India. Endowed with a life profile that also exposed him to several traditional Indian performing arts other than Kathakali, his stage presentation infused a fresh breath into the four-century-old art form, thanks also to his broad and deep view about the Puranas (Indian mythology) that spurred from a constant pursuit of knowledge through reading books and engaging in talks in scholars.
Kumaran Nair was one of the very few Kathakali artists to have had directly interacted with allied art forms like Bharatanatyam from south India and Kathak from the north of his country besides also Odissi from the eastern belt. This was besides a brush he had with Tamil cinema in his youthful days in Madras (Chennai). All these never conspired to shed the element of classicism in Kumaran Nair's Kathakali performances, instead helped his acting-dancing techniques acquire a certain grand eclecticism that won him fans across Kerala and elsewhere. In short, Kumaran Nair's style was a mix of intellect, imagination and signature body language that took care not to breach or dilute the pure grammar of Kathakali all the same.
A native of Vellinezhi, one of Kathakali's nerve-centres in Palakkad district, Kumaran Nair was primarily groomed—from as early as the age of five—in the highly evolved Kalluvazhi style by none other than its grand master, Pattikkamthodi Ravunni Menon. His classmates at Kerala Kalamandalam included the legendary Kalamandalam Krishnan Nair (1914–1990), but on completion of his studies found the conditions in Kerala not exactly promising a bright future for him as a Kathakali artiste.
Much to the sorrow of his guru Pattikkamthodi, Kumaran Nair shifted base to Madras, where he gained name a master of choreography by teaching dance (for songs) to Tamil cine star Ranjan. During this span, Kumaran Nair also worked closely with the film icon M.G. Ramachandran, who later switched over to politics and became the state's chief minister.
He soon returned to Kalamandalam as a tutor, where circumstamces subsequently forced him to work with the dance section. An unhappy Kumaran Nair quit his alma-mater. He later worked with several Kathakali schools like PSV Natyasangham, Kottakkal; Kalasadanam, Chunangad and Varanakkottu Kaliyogam, Payyannur; but his longest stints were in Gandhi Seva Sadan (Sadanam Kathakali and Classical Arts Academy) at Peroor in Palakkad district and the International Centre for Kathakali in New Delhi. Kumaran Nair is a recipient of the Padma Shri award (2004), the Central Sangeet Natak Akademi award, the Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Akademi fellowship and the Kalamandalam award, among others.
Kumaran Nair retired from stage three years before his death in 2007, and led a totally reclusive life in his house in a quite, northern corner of his native Vellinezhi.

</doc>
<doc id="18893727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893727" title="Middlesex Fells Reservoirs Historic District">
Middlesex Fells Reservoirs Historic District

The Middlesex Fells Reservoirs Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Pond St., Woodland Rd., I-93, and MA 28 in Stoneham and Medford, Massachusetts. It encompasses a portion of the Middlesex Fells Reservation, a state park managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR). The principal features of the district are three reservoirs and their associated gate houses and pumping stations, which were developed by the Metropolitan District Commission (MDC, predecessor organization to the DCR) starting in the late 19th century. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
The most prominent and visible feature of the district is Spot Pond, a large body of water on the east side of Interstate 93 in Stoneham. The pond was used as a passive reservoir by surrounding towns prior to its acquisition by the MDC. The MDC replaced several town pumping stations with a single station (separately listed on the National Register in 1984), and constructed a gate house adjacent. Also found in the same area on the eastern shore of the pond is the John Bottume House, a 19th century stone house that now serves as the reservation's visitors center. The MDC also enlarged the pond's capacity, and converted it for use as a storage reservoir providing water to the communities north of Boston. There is a second gatehouse on Spot Pond, at the southern end (straddling the Stoneham-Medford line).
The MDC also constructed two smaller reservoirs within the Fells. The Bear Hill Reservoir, located just west of I-93 near the summit of Bear Hill, has a capacity of 2 million gallons, and was created in 1902-3 with the construction of two concrete dams and a gatehouse. The Fells Reservoir is located in the southeastern part of the reservation. Because it was sited in existing parkland, it was given a deliberately naturalistic appearance. It was designed by the noted Olmsted Brothers firm, and its gatehouse was built to a design by Shepley, Rutan, and Coolidge.

</doc>
<doc id="18893737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893737" title="Edward Oakes House">
Edward Oakes House

The Edward Oakes House is a historic house at 5 Sylvia Road in Medford, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story timber frame house was built c. 1728, probably by Edward Oakes. It has a rear leanto section, giving the house a saltbox appearance, and, unusually for a First Period house, it has a gambrel roof. It is one of the oldest surviving wood frame houses in Medford.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18893748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893748" title="1979 Montenegro earthquake">
1979 Montenegro earthquake

The 1979 Montenegro earthquake was the most devastating earthquake on the territory of present-day Montenegro, then part of SFR Yugoslavia.
Earthquake.
The earthquake, which measured 7.0 on the Richter scale and IX on the Mercalli intensity scale, occurred on April 15, 1979 at 06:19 or 06:30 UTC (07:19/07:30 local time), fifteen kilometers from the Montenegrin coast between Bar and Ulcinj. The tremor lasted for ten seconds and was mostly felt along the Montenegrin and Albanian coastline.
Damage.
Budva's Old Town, one of Montenegro's Cultural Heritage Site, was heavily devastated. Of the 400 buildings in Budva's Old Town, 8 remained unscathed from the earthquake. The 15th century walls and ramparts protecting the Old Town were severely damaged as well. Praskvica Monastery, located between Miločer and Sveti Stefan in the Budva Municipality, suffered greatly too. The church inside the monastery had all but totally collapsed, whereas the frescoes in the monastery were completely damaged. 
The walls surrounding Stari Bar had suffered very little damage from the earthquake, in comparison to the Aqueduct in Stari Bar which was completely destroyed. Herceg Novi, the youngest town on the Montenegrin coast, suffered heavily as well. Parts of the walls of Herceg Novi's Old Town fell into the Adriatic. Ulcinj's Old Town, another Montenegrin Cultural Heritage Site, was almost totally devastated. The centuries old Balšić Tower in Ulcinj nearly collapsed as a result of the earthquake.
Over 450 villages were razed to the ground. In addition, many villages in the regions of Crmnica, Grbalj, Krajina and Paštrovići were in danger of near total collapse. Further inland, Cetinje, Danilovgrad, Nikšić and Montenegro's capital city, Titograd (present Podgorica) were damaged as well, but not as severely. 
According to a 1984 UNESCO report, a total of 1,487 objects were damaged, nearly half of which consisted of households and another forty percent consisting of churches and other sacred properties. Only thirty percent of the 1,487 objects damaged were destroyed. Over 1,000 cultural monuments were suffered, as well as thousands of works of art and valuable collections.
By the end of the catastrophe, 101 people had died in Montenegro and 35 in Albania and over 100,000 people were left homeless.
Aid and relief.
Days after the earthquake, $30,000 was made available immediately for aid work and restoration of disaster areas. On 28 May 1979, the Director-General of UNESCO issued a worldwide appeal for donations to help the nation recover for the devastation as the federal budget was insufficient for aid funding.
Several months later, in October 1979, the World Heritage Committee of UNESCO decided to list the Natural and Culturo-historical Region of Kotor in the "World Heritage List" and in the "List of World Heritage in Danger".
UNESCO, through ICCROM, aided the Republic Institute for the Protection of Cultural Monuments in Cetinje for the restoration of frescoes in the "Church of the Virgin" in Podlastva Monastery. Similar help was given for the restoration of the "Church of Alexander Nevsky" on the island of Sveti Stefan.
First estimates of the cost of damaged cultural property was about YUD10,527,690,000 (10.5 billion), which is just under 15% of the total earthquake damage. The 1984 inflation rates put that amount at about YUD3,174,098,500,000 (3.1 trillion), equaling to $31,700,000,000 (31 billion). The Yugoslav Government agreed to pay 81.839% of the total estimated cost of damaged cultural property, whereas the remaining 18.161% was to be paid by the local municipalities. To help meet the total costs of the disaster, the Government had set up a statutory fund whereby each worker across SFR Yugoslavia contributed 1% of his monthly salary towards the restoration effort in a ten-year period, from 1979 to 1989.
Till September 1, 1983, the Government had budgeted for a total expenditure of YUD54,722,849,000 (54.7 billion), of which 3.69% or YUD21,023,620,800 (21 billion) were allocated for cultural property.
By 1984, Montenegro was still under restoration, the entire Montenegrin coast, especially Budva and Kotor, and Cetinje receiving the heaviest amounts of restoration. Several objects had been fully restored by 1984, including the "Memorial Museum of Jovan Tomasevic" in Bar; "Monastery of St. Vid" and "Church of St. Alexander Nevsky" in Budva; "Republic Institute for the Protection of Cultural Monuments" (former "Austrian embassy"), "State Museum" (former "Palace of King Nicholas"), "National Gallery" and the "Bishop's House" in Cetinje; the "Archives" and "Gallery of Josip Bepo Benkovic" in Herceg Novi, "Cultural Center" in Kotor, "Church of St. George" in Orahovac (Kotor), "Church of Our Lady" in Krimovice (Kotor), "Church of St. John" in Dub (Kotor), "Church of St. George" in Sisici (Kotor), "Church of St. George" in Sutvara (Kotor), "Church of St. George" in Prijeradi (Kotor), "Church of St. Eustacius" in Dobrota (Kotor), "Church of Our Lady of the Rocks" in Perast (Kotor), "Roman mosaics" in Risan (Kotor) and twelve church buildings in Grbalj (Kotor).

</doc>
<doc id="18893756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893756" title="Old Medford High School">
Old Medford High School

The Old Medford High School is a historic high school building at 48-64 Forest Street in Medford, Massachusetts. The building presently houses condominiums and a community theater.
It was built in 1894-1896 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
In 1914, an addition was added to the building nearly doubling it in size due to the growth of Medford. In 1929 the north wing was constructed followed by the south wing ten years later. In 1984, the city sold the building was sold to a property developer to convert it into condominiums.

</doc>
<doc id="18893766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893766" title="Old Ship Street Historic District">
Old Ship Street Historic District

The Old Ship Street Historic District is a historic district on both sides of Pleasant St. from Riverside Ave. to Park Street in Medford, Massachusetts. The district is based around a now predominantly residential area that grew as a significant shipbuilding center in the early 19th century. As a result the area has a significant number of Federal and Greek Revival houses, built roughly between 1803 and 1855.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18893769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893769" title="King Monkey">
King Monkey

King Monkey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18893777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893777" title="Park Street Railroad Station">
Park Street Railroad Station

The Park Street Railroad Station is a historic railroad station at 121 Washington Street in Medford, Massachusetts. It currently serves as the home of a community service agency.
It was built in 1894 by the Boston and Maine Railroad and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975, which incorrectly lists the station as being on 20 Magoun Avenue. The former tracks are now on Magoun Avenue at the intersection of Thatcher Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18893778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893778" title="Destin History &amp; Fishing Museum">
Destin History &amp; Fishing Museum

The Destin History & Fishing Museum is located at 108 Stahlman Avenue, Destin, Florida. It contains exhibits depicting the history of the town and the fishing industry in relation to it.

</doc>
<doc id="18893781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893781" title="Archibald Hood">
Archibald Hood

Archibald Hood (1823–1902) was a Scottish engineer and coalowner who became an important figure in the industrial growth of the Rhondda Valley. The son of a colliery official, Hood would make his name as a coalowner of collieries first in Scotland and later in Llwynypia in South Wales.
History.
Early history.
Hood was born in June 1823 in Kilmarnock, Ayrshire. His father was a colliery foreman. His mother had died, so Hood's father brought him up alone, and he received little education - aged thirteen he was employed at his father's colliery. At the age of 17, after his father was promoted to colliery manager, Hood was able to take classes and qualified as a mining engineer.
In 1856 Hood began expanding his business; leasing Whitehill Colliery at Rosewell (then owned by Archibald Primrose, 4th Earl of Rosebery). His successes in expanding and improving the Rosewell colliery allowed Hood to expand his operations, and he soon managed several pits in the area (including Carrington and Polton, to which he extended the railway lines). Hood not only improved the mines in his ownership, he also made provision to improve the living conditions for his workers. He built houses for his workers and their families, and ensured that each house had a garden to provide a small holding. Hood set up home in Rosewell, living at Rosedale house with his family.
Welsh interests.
In 1860, Hood joined the Ely Valley Coal Company in Tonyrefail in the Rhondda in Wales, an area which was undergoing a massive industrial coal boom. He bought Gilfach House in Gilfach Goch, from where he would live during his initial years in the Rhondda. In 1862 he changed the name of the Ely Valley Coal Company to the Glamorgan Coal Company and took ownership of it. In March 1863, after acquiring mineral rights from the local land owners, he sank a pit in Llwynypia. In 1864 the pit reached the No.2 seam and 1865 the No.3 seam was reached. His colliery at Llwynypia was known for the high level of Scottish workers who followed Hood to the area and for the quality of the coke from the site. To protect his interests in the Welsh coalfields he moved permanently to Wales in 1867, residing with his family at 'Sherwood' on Newport Road in Cardiff, though he kept ownership of Rosedale in Rosewell.
As he had done so in Scotland, Hood also ensured that homes were built for his workers. Following the model in Rosewell, Hood ensured the buildings each had their own garden, and these building in Llwynypia became known as the 'Scotch Houses'. Hood also ensured that an education system existed for the children of his workers, he built a miners' institute, which housed a library and a swimming baths for sporting interests.
During the 1880s Hood became a leading promoter in the construction of a new railway line to Barry, Vale of Glamorgan, in a bid to find an alternative route to the monopoly controlled by the Taff Vale Railway and Cardiff Docks. He and other pit owners persuaded David Davies of Ocean Collieries, to develop a dock at Barry, which Davies saw to fruition in 1889. Davies placed himself as Deputy Chairman of the newly formed Barry Railway Company, but died just a year after its completion in 1890. Hood took over as Deputy Chairman on Davies' death and saw through line expansions as well as the construction of the number 2 dock in Barry.
Despite now being based in Wales, Hood ensured that his businesses in Scotland continued to grow. In 1890 he arranged for the amalgamation of his Whitehall colliery in Midlothian with the Newbattle pits owned by Schomberg Kerr, 9th Marquess of Lothian. The resulting company was known as Lothian Coal Company. Around this time his son, James Hood (1859-1941), became general manager of the Lothian Coal Company, moving back to Scotland.
Death.
Hood died in 1902 in Cardiff. Due to the high esteem in which he was held, his workers decided to fund a memorial in his honour. The miners contributed to a statue to be built, amassing over £600 for its construction. The life-size bronze statue was erected on the grounds of Llwynypia Library, pointing towards his colliery and was unveiled in July 1906 by William Abraham (Mabon). It was the first public statue in the Rhondda.

</doc>
<doc id="18893787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893787" title="Richard Pinkham House">
Richard Pinkham House

The Richard Pinkham House is a historic house at 24 Brooks Park in Medford, Massachusetts. The unusually shaped Italianate wood frame house was built c. 1850 by Richard Pinkham, a housewright who then lived in the property. The house is unique in Medford in the presence of a 2.5 story octagon section, which rises above the rest of the roughly cruciform house. It was built on a portion of the route of the Middlesex Canal, portions of which were at that time being sold off by its owners.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008, and included as part of the Middlesex Canal Historic and Archeological District in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18893794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893794" title="United States Post Office–Medford Main">
United States Post Office–Medford Main

The US Post Office–Medford Main is a historic post office at 20 Forest Street in Medford, Massachusetts.
The post office was built in 1937 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18893795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893795" title="Malcolm Howard">
Malcolm Howard

Malcolm Howard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18893809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893809" title="John Wade House">
John Wade House

The John Wade House is a historic house at 253 High Street in Medford, Massachusetts. It is one of only two early Cape style houses in the city. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1784 by John Wade, a tanner. A later owner added the Greek Revival entrance surround, with sidelight windows and pilasters.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18893819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893819" title="EZCorp">
EZCorp

EZCORP is one of the largest pawn shop operators in the world by market capitalization. It is a publicly traded company based in Austin, Texas. The company is primarily involved with retail, payday lending, signature loans, and pawn lending.
EZCORP lends or provides credit services to individuals to meet their short-term cash needs. The company makes pawn loans, which are non recourse loans collateralized by tangible personal property, including jewelry, consumer electronics, tools, sporting goods, and musical instruments. The company also offers signature loans, consisting of payday loans or fee-based credit services, to customers seeking loans from unaffiliated lenders. The company purchased by a New York Private Equity firm in 1989 with 16 pawn shops and now operates over 890 stores in 13 states and Mexico under the names of EZPAWN, EZMONEY Loan Services, EZMONEY Payday Loans and EZ Loan Services brand names. EZCORP had its IPO on September 6, 1991.
EZCORP also holds approximately 29 percent of the outstanding shares of Albemarle & Bond Holdings, the largest pawnbroker in the United Kingdom.
EZCORP also holds around 30 percent of the outstanding shares of Cash Converters, which has over 550 locations in Australia and in 21 countries.
In late 2008 EZCORP purchased Pawn Plus and ASAP Pawn (two large Las Vegas based loan providers). In January 2009 EZCORP bought Value Financial, the world's largest privately owned short term credit provider.
In 2007, "Business Week" named EZCorp on its Hot Growth 100 list.
History.
In 1974 Courtland L. Logue, Jr., opened his first pawn shop in Austin, Texas. He retired as an accountant to build his chain. Logue located these stores near large grocery stores in lower-middle income communities rather than in impoverished neighborhoods. Seeking to counter the stereotype of pawn shops as dingy or seedy, Logue tried to paint his stores in a different fashion.
In 1989, Morgan Schiff & Co. first invested in the company, leaving Logue as CEO. By 1991, Morgan Schiff had become the majority owner, and had decided to take the company public. With the capital injection from Morgan Schiff and the IPO, EZCORP expanded store fronts. Logue struggled as an executive, and Morgan Schiff brought in Vincent Liambase to be CEO. Liambase had previously been the CEO of Blockbuster. Lambiase created three executive-level positions: Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Operations, and Vice-President of Marketing and Merchandising. At the time he also decentralized certain controls and decision-making responsibilities to the store level, making store managers reported to regional managers. EZCORP used computer technology to facilitate management, with a new point-of-sale computer system and management information systems that allowed regional and central managers to obtain real-time data from individual store systems. 
EZCORP continued to open new stores but also closed stores that did not meet certain performance standards. At the end 1995 the company closed an additional 18 stores. At the start of 1996 EZCORP operated 245 stores in 11 states: 147 in Texas; 24 in Colorado; 21 in Indiana; 15 in Alabama; nine in Mississippi; nine in Georgia; eight in Oklahoma; seven in Tennessee; three in Louisiana; one in Arkansas; and one in Florida. To provide another outlet for excess jewelry inventory, EZCORP opened two JewelryLand Outlet stores in Atlanta in September 1996. The stores resembled typical mall jewelry stores but operated like the retail end of a pawnshop. At 60 to 70 percent of actual value, jewelry prices ranged from $10 to $5,000.
EZCORP rebounded from its mid-1990s financial difficulties. In 1998, the company closed only one store, acquired three stores, and established 35 new stores, for a total of 286 stores in operation. EZCORP entered three new markets, California, with six stores in Sacramento, and Las Vegas and Raleigh-Durham, with three stores each. The company attempted to reach a wider audience through the Internet with EZPAWN.com. The web site offered over 400,000 items for sale, but was intended primarily to sell its pre-owned, one-of-a-kind jewelry. A "virtual-photo jewelry tray" contained similar styles of jewelry for display upon request at the web site. In August 2000 Joseph Rotunda, after five months as COO, became CEO at EZCORP, while Lambiase became Vice Chairman of the Board. Rotunda brought experience from Thorn Americas, where he oversaw impressive growth of the Rent-A-Center, Remco, and U-Can-Rent stores, which increased from a total of 700 to 1,400 stores. EZCORP overtook Friedman's Inc. as Morgan Schiff & Co.'s largest investment.
EZPAWN.
The Company’s pawnshops make pawn loans, which typically are small, non-recourse loans collateralized by tangible personal property. As of September 30, 2008, it had approximately 757,000 loans outstanding. A majority of its United States pawn loans earn 20% per month, or 240% annually. Collateral for its pawn loans consists of tangible personal property, generally jewelry, consumer electronics, tools, sporting goods, and musical instruments. The collateral is held through the duration of the loan, which in most United States locations is 60 days and in Mexico is 40 days. EZPAWN also sells electronics, jewelry, tools, musical instruments, and other second hand merchandise.
EZMONEY.
EZMONEY offers signature loans, consisting of payday loans or fee-based credit services to customers seeking loans from unaffiliated lenders. Signature loans are unsecured. In determining whether to lend or provide credit services, the Company performs a very limited review of customer information. In Texas stores some services consist of advice and assistance to customers in obtaining loans from unaffiliated lenders. The company does not make, fund, or participate in the loans made by the lenders, but earn a fee for assisting customers in obtaining credit and by enhancing their creditworthiness by issuing a letter of credit.
International.
EZCORP is also a large shareholder in Albemarle & Bond. EZCORP recently purchased shares of Cash Converters, giving the company stores in Canada, France, Malaysia, Spain, New Zealand, South Africa, and Australia. Two EZCORP board members will serve on Cash Converter's board. Reg Webb, chairman of Cash Converters, said about the deal:
“We are very pleased and excited by the prospect of having a cornerstone investor who brings not only financial support but also significant knowledge capital to the table. EZCORP has demonstrated in their relationship with Albermarle & Bond that they have a long term investment strategy and we look forward to their support as we accelerate the transformation of Cash Converters into a substantial store operating Company.”
In 2012, EZCORP acquired a 60% interest in Grupo Finmart, a specialty consumer finance company headquartered in Mexico City; a 95% interest in Artiste Holding Limited, which provides online loans in the U.K. under the name Cash Genie; and a 51% interest in TUYO, a company headquartered in Mexico City that owns and operates buy/sell stores in Mexico City and the surrounding metropolitan area.

</doc>
<doc id="18893821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893821" title="Scott McAfee">
Scott McAfee

Scott McAfee (born September 29, 1981) is an American voice actor and the one to voice Littlefoot from the "The Land Before Time" films II-IV. He is the younger brother of Anndi McAfee, who is the current voice for "The Land Before Time" character Cera.
Recognition.
In 1994, he was nominated for a Young Artist Award for "Best Youth Actor in a Voiceover Role - TV or Movie" for his 1992 work in "Batman" and "Best Youth Actor Leading Role in a Television Series" for his 1993 work in "Home Free."

</doc>
<doc id="18893827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893827" title="Jonathan Wade House">
Jonathan Wade House

The Jonathan Wade House is a historic First Period house at 13 Bradlee Road in Medford, Massachusetts. It is one of a handful of houses in the city with brickwork from the 17th century (the other two known survivors are the Isaac Royall House and the Peter Tufts House). A brick house is known to have been standing on this site in 1689, when Jonathan Wade, Jr., died. The house was given Georgian styling in the mid-18th century, and was owned for many years in the 19th century by Samuel C. Lawrence, Medford's first mayor.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18893850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893850" title="Rajabazar, Kolkata">
Rajabazar, Kolkata

Rajabazar is a locality in the city of Kolkata in West Bengal, India. It is located approximately in North-Central Kolkata, between CIT Road and AJC Bose Road. The locality has grown around Narkeldanaga Main Road, now renamed as Maulana Abul Kalam Azad Sarani, which acts as a connector between CIT Road and AJC Bose Road. Thus, Rajabazar can be said to be located between Phoolbagan, Narkeldanga and Sealdah.
Rajabazar is in a prime location, and Sealdah Railway Station is a stone's throw distance from Rajabazar crossing. There is a tram depot in Rajabazar also. All civic amenities, such as hospitals, colleges, schools, sanitation, malls, gyms, shopping complexes, cinema halls, mosques are located in and around Rajabazar. Dr. B. C. Roy Children's Hospital is located at a distance of 2–3 km from Rajabazar.
History.
Rajabazar grew around an old market-place, or bazaar, near Sealdah, on the APC Bose Road. The market exists today, and was initially called "Raja Ramlochan-er Bazaar" in Bengali. The bazaar was established about1842 AD on land owned by Raja Ramlochun Ray, a petty zamindar, by Muslim merchants, businessmen, butchers and cattle traders from Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, who had immigrated to Calcutta due to the poor economic condition of Muslims in Bihar and Uttar Pradesh following the Sepoy Mutiny. However, Rajabazar area was settled by Urdu-speaking Muslims from 1880 onwards. The market-place colony was established around the same time as the Harrison Road, now called Mahatma Gandhi Road, was being built in Calcutta, connecting Sealdah station to Howrah station. A mosque was built which still exists today known as the Rajabazar Barri Masjid and there is another larger mosque being renovated which is Jama Masjid Darur-Salaam on Narkeldanga Main Road and several residential quarters were established around that area. A police station (Narkeldanga Police Station) was established in 1915, near the canal, on Canal West road. The area is known as "Khalpul" due to the bridge over the canal that connects Rajabazar to Narkeldanga. Before the building of the bridge in 1910, there was a bamboo-stilt bridge over the canal. Boat ferries were also used to transport people and supplies across the canal. Over the decades, further population growth and immigration resulted in the growth and extension of the original settlement further, up to Narkeldanga and Phoolbagan in the east, Sealdah to the south, Mechua and Kelabagan to the west, and further north. Today, the area is densely populated and crowded, with alleys and lanes established. In the Partition of India riots in 1947, in which Muslims were targeted across Calcutta and Bihar, many Muslims from other parts, like Sealdah, Manicktalla and Beliaghata moved to Rajabazar. The anti-Muslim riots in Calcutta in 1964, further made Muslims living in areas like Manicktalla, Sealdah, Beliaghata, and throughout Calcutta, flock to Rajabazar for safety. Over time, therefore, it got transformed into a ghetto. After the 1992-93 Hindu-Muslim riots in Calcutta, further Muslims moved to Rajabazar, as a result of which, today, Rajabazar boasts of having the second largest Muslim population in Calcutta after Metiabruz.
There is a shrine ("mazaar") of a Muslim Sufi saint in Rajabazar. The area spans the canal, and crosses over the bridge. There are 9 Mosques located at Rajabazar. The bazaar is famous for its jewellery, bangles, kites, sweetmeats and mutton and beef shops. Rajabazaar is a major cattle and goat trading center in West Bengal called Bakrichar. A movie hall, "Tasveer Mahal", is also located at Rajabazar.
Demographics.
Majority (80 percent) of the population of Rajabazar is Sunni Muslim, mostly Urdu-speaking, descended from immigrants from Bihar and Uttar Pradesh. Mostly Deobandi theology is practised here, and barelwi theology population also co-exists peacefully. Many Hindus also live at Rajabazaar. Most of the population is middle-class and lower-middle class, but many rich, educated Muslims also live here in high-rises. There are a total of 11 mosques in the area, 9 managed by the Tablighi Jamaat (Deobandi), and 2 managed by the Sunni Barelwi sect.
Amenities.
BC Roy Memorial Hospital is located at a stone's throw distance from Rajabaar, and Calcutta Medical College and Hospital is located just 5 km away, on College Street. Narkeldanga Police Station is located right in the heart and center of Rajabazar. Sealdah Railway Station and Rajabazar Tram Depot provide ample transport opportunities. Buses on Routes 44, 12C/2, 202, 30D, 34C, 230 and 30C/1 ply by Rajabazaar, besides there is the Kidderpore-Rajabazar minibus and the Metiabruz-Rajabara minibus. The Mechua-Kadapara-Phoolbagan auto route plies through Rajabazaar.
For a long time Rajabazar was notorious as being one of the worst areas in Kolkata in terms of sanitation, cleanliness and amenities. However, from the late 1990s onwards, the pace has been slowly picked up on development, mainly through the efforts of local leaders.
Kolkata Municipal Corporation.
The area of Rajabazar is composed of Wards 29, 28, 36 and 32 of the Kolkata Municipal Corporation. These wards were created in 1909. Presently, the KMC maintains health centres and free malaria check-up centres in these wards. The elected Councillor of Ward 28 is Mrs. Farzana Alam of the Trinamool Congress, who is the Deputy Mayor of Kolkata.
Rajabazar is part of the Sealdah (Vidhan Sabha constituency). However, many parts of it also fall in the Beliaghata (Vidhan Sabha constituency).
It is a part of the Kolkata Uttar Lok Sabha constituency. Previously it was a part of Calcutta North East Lok Sabha constituency.
Somendra Nath Mitra (Somen Mitra) and Farzana Alam are the veteran politicians of this area. Mr. Prakash Upadhyay & Mousumi Ghosh is also a popular Councillor.
Education.
Kolkata is a major hub for students, pursuing financial studies.
Momin High School, a Government-aided co-educational Urdu-medium school affiliated to the West Bengal Board of Higher Secondary Education, is located in Rajabazar. It was founded in 1945 by the Momin Education Board to improve the educational opportunities of the minority community. One of its founding members Haji Abdur Rahim has famous soap Company named Nawab Soap Company. For most of its existence it has suffered from a lack of funding, perhaps due to the role of the Muslim League Government in its founding.
Presidency College, Maulana Azad College, Victoria Girls' College and the Science college of the University of Calcutta are all located at a convenient distance from Rajabazar.
A new school, Rajabazar Boys & Girls' School, another co-educational English-medium school has been founded for minority people in the heart of the Rajabazar locality. This school was founded by Md. Kamal, General Secretary of the school about 10 years back with the help of some political leaders and few intellectuals. It is aimed at providing a quality English-medium education to Muslims without having to resort to missionary-run Christian schools. In August 2008, the school itself got a nomination for "School of Minority Commission". Presently the School has more than a thousand students from all over Central Kolkata, mostly from the lower income groups.
Established in 2007, Azad National Coaching Centre (in the premises of Azad National Day & Night School) also find a good place in Raja Bazar to provide quality education to the students of secondary classes (class VIII, IX & X) who can't afford the tuition fees payable to private tutors. In January 2012, due to some internal problem with the management of Azad National Day & Night School, the coaching has been merged with Community Coaching & Counselling Center (c/o Baitulmal Girls High School and already providing coaching to the students of HS section). The coaching also provides coaching for competitive examination like WBCS, SSC etc.
Pollution in Kolkata.
Pollution is a major concern in Kolkata. This is a very concerning issue because severe air pollution in the city has caused a rise in pollution-related respiratory ailments, such as lung cancer. As per recent survey of pollution, it is a cruel truth that the Kolkata city is in the one of the highest pollution zone. As per survey, the air pollution in Kolkata is 89.71% and overall pollution index is 94.11. It is beyond its danger mark for each and every person who is living. Though, as we all know Kolkata is highly populated, particularly Raja Bazar is one of the highest populated areas in kolkata. The people of Raja Bazar should take extra care of keep their locality clean. West Bengal Government has been taken steps to overcome this pollution issue, but it is not sufficient. No one can stop pollution, but rather it should be put under control by the means of controlling methods. This can be bring under control by taking initiative of each and every person who is living in this locality. The people living in this city have to take their own initiative to protect this city and its inhabitants. 

</doc>
<doc id="18893859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893859" title="Addington Gardner House">
Addington Gardner House

Addington Gardner House is a historic house at 128 Hollis Street in Sherborn, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1730 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18893866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893866" title="Garlic butter">
Garlic butter

Garlic butter, also known as beurre à la bourguignonne, is a compound butter whose primary use is as a flavouring for "Escargots à la bourguignonne". It is also spread on bread or used in shrimp scampi. It is composed of butter and garlic pounded into a paste. These ingredients are well blended and chilled before use.
Dipping Sauce.
In the United States, garlic butter in small cups are sometimes served with seafood (such as lobster), pizza, or breadsticks as a dip. To prolong shelf life, the dip may use clarified butter or flavored oils rather than real butter.

</doc>
<doc id="18893867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893867" title="Asa Sanger House">
Asa Sanger House

The Asa Sanger House is a historic house at 70 Washington Street in Sherborn, Massachusetts.
The Georgian house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. Its age is uncertain. According to the Sherborn Historical Society, "Anne C. Shaughnessy supports the theory that it was built in 1684 by Elisha Bullen... Morse and C. H. Dowse maintain that it was built in 1775". Its 5-bay front facade includes 9/6 windows, and a 20th-century entryway.

</doc>
<doc id="18893871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893871" title="List of Saxon locomotives and railcars">
List of Saxon locomotives and railcars

This list contains the locomotives and railbuses of the Royal Saxon State Railways ("Königlich Saxon Staatseisenbahnen") and the locomotives of the Leipzig-Dresden Railway. 
Leipzig-Dresden Railway.
The Leipzig-Dresden Railway ("Leipzig-Dresdner Eisenbahn" or "LDE") started up its operations between 1837 and 1839, successively opening its sections of line, and was therefore the first German long distance railway. It remained independent for nearly three decades and was only absorbed into the Royal Saxon State Railways on 1 June 1876.
The LDE locomotives were only classified by name.
Royal Saxon State Railways.
Description of the Locomotives.
Initially all locomotives were classified by name as was common practice. This was usual on all engines up to 1892. From 1893 to 1900 only passenger and express train locomotives still carried name plates. Thereafter name plates on all locomotives, apart from old shunting and branch line engines, were removed.
Specific groups of names were supposed to be allocated to the different classes (e.g. rivers, alpine peaks, American cities).
In addition to their names the locomotives were given 'list numbers' ("Listennummern" or "Bahnnummern") that were also displayed on the engines from 1869 onwards. A new numbering scheme was introduced in 1892, which attempted to bring in some sort of orderly system. However it was not successful.
Because this system was confusing and impractical with the ever rising quantity of locomotives, in 1869 a system of distinguishing betweenthe individual classes was introduced in 1869. This system was based on an abbreviation of the manufacturer's name and a roman numeral for each type of locomotive.
Only two years later this system was changed and the numbers were used to classify engines based on specific wheel arrangements, the manufacturer's abbreviations being retained. In addition the letters "a" (for "alt" = 'old') and "b" (for "neu" = 'new') were added.
Later on, there were further changes to the classification system. Letters were introduced to indicate locomotive classes as follows:
and as supplementary information (after the class number):
In 1885 the supplementary letter "b" was given the meaning 'movable carrying axle'. The last major reorganisation of the classification system took place in 1896. The manufacturer's name was dropped. New classes of express train and goods train locomotives were given even class numbers and goods train, branch line and shunting locomotives were given odd numbers. Narrow gauge locomotives were given new class designations beginning with I. Locomotives of the same class however with different driving wheel diameters were given the additional number 1 (express train locomotives) and 2 (passenger train locomotives).

</doc>
<doc id="18893880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893880" title="Assington (Sherborn, Massachusetts)">
Assington (Sherborn, Massachusetts)

Assington is a historic residence at 172 Forest Street in Sherborn, Massachusetts.
Assington was built in 1929-1930 for George and Muriel Saltonstall Lewis, to designs by architect William Truman Aldrich (1880-1966), and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The property's 170 acres are set on a rise overlooking the Charles River, and feature an allee from the south lawn down to the Charles. The main house is 2-1/2 stories, stucco-covered with slate roof, and comprises a rectangular main block (7 bays wide) with east wing. Other buildings include a caretaker house, tea house, and service structures.

</doc>
<doc id="18893881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893881" title="HMS Antigua (1779)">
HMS Antigua (1779)

HMS "Antigua" was a 14-gun sloop that served in the British Royal Navy from 1779 to 1792. In contemporary records she is sometimes referred to as "His Majesty's armed brig "Antigua"".
American Revolutionary War.
Between 1780 and 1782 she was under the command of Lieutenant Robert Barton, and captured several prizes. 
"Antigua" was in service in August 1789.
Fate.
"Antigua" was sold on 12 January 1792.

</doc>
<doc id="18893882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893882" title="Pacific Command Water Transport Company, R.C.A.S.C.">
Pacific Command Water Transport Company, R.C.A.S.C.

The Pacific Command Water Transport Company, R.C.A.S.C., was a secret freight-patrol shipping unit of the Canadian Army based at Vancouver, British Columbia, during World War II. The unit fell under the jurisdiction of Pacific Command, the Canadian Army formation responsible for defending the Pacific Coast of Canada against Japanese attack.
History.
Based at the Old Vancouver Hotel and the R.C.A.S.C. wharf (Vancouver) under the command of Major C.G. Matthews, the Pacific Command Water Transport Company of the Royal Canadian Army Service Corps was formed in 1942, utilizing fishing packers and seiners 'leased' from local civilians for army use. The Company was tasked with re-supplying camps established to build a telephone line from British Columbia to Dutch Harbor, Alaska, after the Aleutian Islands Attu and Kiska were occupied by Japanese Imperial Forces. Upon completion of the communication link, the Water Transport Company was assigned with re-supplying freight and personnel to remote RCAF radar stations on the west coast of British Columbia, basing ships at Coal Harbour, Port Alberni, and Prince Rupert. The Company maintained an estimated 70 vessels (including scows) in its order-of-battle, each motor vessel mounted with a twin-Lewis Gun .303 battery and Lee-Enfield rifles for all crewmembers, usually eight O.R.s. 
On 6 March 1945, after the munitions freighter GREENHILL PARK exploded in Vancouver harbour, the M/V GENERAL KENNEDY, M/V GENERAL MACKENZIE, M/V BRIGADIER SUTHERLAND BROWN, and M/V GENERAL COTTON (skippered by Warrant Officer 'Dutchy' Knox) rendered assistance, towing the stricken vessel to outer harbour in preparation for beaching. The Company also towed targets for RCA coastal gunnery practice. Ships in the Water Transport Company, R.C.A.S.C., sailed under their own distinctive flag, a maritime blue ensign with crossed swords on the fly. The Company was disbanded in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="18893884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893884" title="Henry II, Prince of Anhalt-Aschersleben">
Henry II, Prince of Anhalt-Aschersleben

Henry II, Prince of Anhalt-Aschersleben (1215 – 12 June 1266) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Aschersleben.
He was the eldest son of Henry I, Count of Anhalt (who was raised to the rank of prince in 1218), by his wife Irmgard, daughter of Hermann I, Landgrave of Thuringia.
Life.
Henry was co-ruler of the principality of Anhalt with his father from 1244. After his father's death in 1252 the Anhalt state was divided between him and his brothers. Henry took over the old family areas of Aschersleben, Hecklingen, Ermsleben and Wörbzig.
Through his mother, Henry was related to the Landgraves of Thuringia; in 1247 he intervened in the War of the Thuringian Succession and spoke out in support of an alliance with Albert I, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg (his brother-in-law), who in return promised to give him some Thuringian lands. He was defeated and captured in battle near Besenstedt in 1263, but was released shortly after. He soon renewed his war against Thuringia. In 1265 was captured again and forced to renounce completely his claims to lands in Thuringia.
In 1257, Henry supported King Alfonso X of Castile as German King and led military actions against the monasteries and archbishops of Magdeburg and bishops of Halberstadt as well as his brothers and cousins. In 1266 he raised Aschersleben to the rank of a city.
Marriage and issue.
In 1245 Henry married Matilda (d. Gernrode?, 25 October / 1 December? 1297), daughter of Otto the Child, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, and Matilda of Brandenburg and great-granddaughter of Otto I of Brandenburg, older brother of Bernhard of Anhalt, Henry's grandfather.
They had two sons:
On Henry's death his sons were still minors and his widow Matilda assumed the regency of the principality until 1270, when they reached adulthood. Shortly after, Matilda took the veil and became Abbess of Gernrode for almost twenty years, from 1275 to 1296.

</doc>
<doc id="18893896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893896" title="Bullen-Stratton-Cozzen House">
Bullen-Stratton-Cozzen House

Bullen-Stratton-Cozzen House is a historic house at 52 Brush Hill Road in Sherborn, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18893903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893903" title="Moitié, moitié">
Moitié, moitié

"Moitié, moitié" ("Half and half") was the Swiss entrant to the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, held in Brussels, Belgium, and was performed in French.
The song was performed by Carol Rich and composed by Jean-Jacques Egli.
On the night of the contest the song was performed 22nd (last), following Yugoslavia's Novi fosili singing "Ja sam za ples". At the close of the voting it had received 27 points, placing 17th in a field of 22.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative by Céline Dion with "Ne partez pas sans moi".

</doc>
<doc id="18893914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893914" title="Charles D. Lewis House">
Charles D. Lewis House

The Charles D. Lewis House is a historic house at 81 Hunting Lane in Sherborn, Massachusetts.
It was built as a gentleman's farm and one of the town's earliest summer residences circa 1905, and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The Shingle style house is built in a wide V-shape opening to the north, its main entrance south-facing with porches, but, within the angled facades to the north, a circular driveway and port-cochere entry, supported by Tuscan columns.

</doc>
<doc id="18893915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893915" title="Peng Wan-ru">
Peng Wan-ru

Peng Wan-ru (Chinese: 彭婉如, Hanyu Pinyin: "Péng Wǎnrú", July 13, 1949 - November 30, 1996) was a feminist Taiwanese politician. The director of the Democratic Progressive Party's (DPP) Women's Affairs Department, Peng advocated for the safety and development of women. Peng married Hung Wan-sheng (洪萬生, Pinyin "Hóng Wànshēng") and gave birth to a son.
In November 1996, Peng disappeared in Kaohsiung, Taiwan; the public last saw her board a yellow Ford Telstar taxi after a DPP meeting the night prior to a DPP convention. She was discovered raped and murdered outside of an abandoned warehouse in Kaohsiung County (now part of Kaohsiung City); her body had more than 30 stab wounds. Despite extensive investigation, the police were unable to solve the crime. At least 70,000 Taiwanese taxi drivers had their fingerprints analyzed in an effort to find Peng's killer. Hung said that he felt frustrated that the killer was not found.
Peng's murder produced an outcry against a perceived lack of protection given to women in Taiwan. Peng's proposed quota for one fourth of the seats of the elected seats to be reserved for women passed during the November 30, 1996 DPP National Congress meeting; the public believes that Peng died during that day.
The Peng Wan-ru Foundation (彭婉如基金會 "Péng Wǎnrú Jījīnhuì"), an organization established in 1997 which supports women wishing to enter the labour force, was named after Peng.

</doc>
<doc id="18893927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893927" title="Charles Holbrook House">
Charles Holbrook House

Charles Holbrook House is a historic house at 137 S. Main Street in Sherborn, Massachusetts.
The Second Empire house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18893944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893944" title="Lech (name)">
Lech (name)

Lech () is a Polish given name, related to Leszek, Lestko, Leszko, Lestek, and Lechosław. Lech was the name of the legendary founder of Poland.
Individuals named Lech celebrate their name day on February 28 or August 12.
Lech also appears as a surname, with 14,289 people having the name in Poland. 
Presidents of Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18893946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893946" title="Clark-Northrup House">
Clark-Northrup House

Clark-Northrup House is a historic house at 93 Maple Street in Sherborn, Massachusetts.
The Greek Revival house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18893947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893947" title="August Geiger (architect)">
August Geiger (architect)

August Geiger (September 2, 1887 - 1968) was one of the most prominent American architects in South Florida from 1905 to the late 1940s. He experimented in Mission, Neo-Renaissance and Art Deco architecture, but is most noted for his works in the Mediterranean Revival style. A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Life.
Geiger was born in New Haven, Connecticut, the son of Margaretha (Rettenmeyer) Geiger and Louis Geiger, a manufacturer of moldings and other fine woodwork for interior decoration. He was educated at the city's public schools, and completed his studies at Boardman's Manual Training School. Showing a talent for drawing and design, he determined to be an architect and secured a position in a New Haven firm. In 1905, Geiger moved to Miami, where he had vacationed with his family since around 1899, and worked at a local architectural firm for 6 years. The 10th registered architect in Florida, he opened his own firm in 1911, and in 1915 opened a second office in Palm Beach. He worked for Carl Fisher on various construction projects in Miami Beach, and was appointed architect for the Dade County School Board. In 1915 he married Ruth Hinson.

</doc>
<doc id="18893958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893958" title="3rd Tactical Squadron">
3rd Tactical Squadron

The 3rd Tactical Squadron (known as 3.ELT - 3 Eskadra Lotnictwa Taktycznego in Poland) was a fighter squadron of the Polish Air Force established in 2001 in Poznań, Poland. The squadron was stationed in the 31st Air Base and has acquired F-16 C/D Block 52+ Adv. fighters. From 1954 to 2001 the unit was known as "3. Pułk Lotnictwa Myśliwskiego". In 2008 the unit was fused with the 6th Tactical Squadron and the 31st Air Base. Those three units were transformed into 31st Tactical Air Base unit.

</doc>
<doc id="18893962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893962" title="Daniel Morse III House">
Daniel Morse III House

Daniel Morse III House is a historic colonial house at 210 Farm Road in Sherborn, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1710 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18893975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893975" title="Deacon William Leland House">
Deacon William Leland House

Deacon William Leland House is a historic house at 27 Hollis Street in Sherborn, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1717 for Deacon William Leland and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The south-facing house consists of a 2-1/2 story main dwelling of 5 bays, with a small, west ell. It has a gable roof with central chimney.

</doc>
<doc id="18893996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18893996" title="1985 Benson and Hedges Open – Singles">
1985 Benson and Hedges Open – Singles

Chris Lewis defeated Wally Masur 7-5, 6-0, 2-6, 6-4 to win the 1985 Heineken Open singles competition. Danny Saltz was the defending champion.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18894006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894006" title="Manipulation">
Manipulation


</doc>
<doc id="18894007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894007" title="Agudath Sholem Synagogue">
Agudath Sholem Synagogue

Agudath Sholem Synagogue is a historic Jewish synagogue at 29 Grove Street in Stamford, Connecticut. The original synagogue building was later converted into a Christian church building, the Faith Tabernacle Missionary Baptist Church.
It's one of multiple synagogues considered in a study of NRHP eligibility.
History.
The Agudath Sholem congregation website states that on September 7, 1889, twenty-two members formally declared themselves as "Agudath Sholom Synagogue"; meaning "knot for peace" or "society for peace". The congregation constructed their first synagogue, the Greyrock Synagogue, from 1904 through 1908. The congregation used the building until February 1932 when the Greyrock Synagogue was destroyed in a fire. 
In order to meet the demands of its growing congregation, funds were raised for a new synagogue. A fund raiser for $1.2 million was done to raise the necessary capital; it was announced that $860,000 was made by February 1963.
In 1965, the congregation completed and dedicated a new synagogue at Strawberry Hill Avenue and Colonial Road. The Faith Tabernacle Missionary Baptist Church now uses the synagogue.
Construction.
Located at 29 Grove Street in Stamford, Connecticut, the Agudath Sholem Synagogue was the second synagogue of the congregation. According to the National Register of Historic Places, the ground breaking occurred on September 12, 1933 and the final dedication was on April 27, 1941. According to the congregation's website, the Agudath Sholom Synagogue was completed in 1938 and the "Chanukah Habit dedication occurred on the High Holidays". The construction delayed by funding difficulties that resulted from the Great Depression. The synagogue is a rectangular brick building constructed on a high basement. The building features a prominent rose window depicting the Star of David.
Significance.
While it was originally a synagogue, the Faith Tabernacle Missionary Baptist Church continues to use the building as a church, but this did not impact the "National Landmark" status bestowed upon the building. For the National Register of Historic Places, it was submitted under Criterion C because it was "Constructed as a Jewish house of worship, located in an urban setting, exhibits integrity of design and workmanship and constructed prior to 1945."

</doc>
<doc id="18894017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894017" title="Canzone per te">
Canzone per te

"Canzone per te" ("A song for you") was the Swiss entrant to the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, sung in Italian by Sandra Studer (who performed with the stage name "Sandra Simó)". The song was composed by Renato Mascetti. 
On the night of the contest, held in Rome, Italy, the song was performed 5th of 22 entries, following Greece's Sophia Vossou with "I Anixi" and preceding Austria's Thomas Forstner with "Venedig im Regen". At the close of the voting it had received 118 points, placing 5th.
The song was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1992 contest by Daisy Auvray with "Mister Music Man".
There is a previous song also called Canzone per te, written by Italian composer Sergio Endrigo and sung by Brazilian singer Roberto Carlos, which won the 1968 edition of the Festival della canzone italiana di Sanremo (in English: Italian song festival in San Remo).

</doc>
<doc id="18894027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894027" title="Muiredach mac Eochada">
Muiredach mac Eochada

Muiredach mac Eochada (died 839) was a Dal Fiatach king of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland. He was the son of Eochaid mac Fiachnai (died 810), a previous king. He ruled from 825-839.
His father had been defeated in battle by his own brother Cairell mac Fiachnai (died 819) in 809 and died the next year. Cairell at that point became King of Ulaid. In 819 Muiredach obtained revenge for his father by defeating and slaying Cairell in a skirmish. This gave him the kingship of the Dal Fiatach but he did not acquire the kingship of Ulaid which went to Máel Bressail mac Ailillo (died 825) of the Uí Echach Cobo. He then became king of all Ulaid in 825. 
Viking raids had begun in Ireland and Ulster was one of the victims. The monastery of Bangor was attacked in 823 and 824 and in 825 the Norse plundered the Dal Fiatach royal monastery at Dún Lethglaise (Downpatrick) and they burned Mag nBili (Moville) another monastery in county Down. However the Ulaid were able to inflict a route on the Norse in Mag Inis (Lecale) that same year. Viking raids included an attack on Loch Bricrenn (Loughbrickland, modern County Down) in the territory of the Uí Echach Cobo in 833.
In 827 a conflict within the important church at Armagh led to war. Cummascach mac Cathail of the Uí Cremthainn, king of the Airgíalla, expelled the King of Ailech's confessor Éogan Mainistrech from Armagh, installing his own half-brother, Artrí mac Conchobair as abbot of Armagh. The King of Ailech Niall Caille (died 846) of the northern Ui Neill raised an army and marched on Armagh. Muiredach gave his support to Cummascah and brought his forces to aid the Airgialla. This resulted in the Battle at Leth Cam, near modern Kilmore, County Armagh. It was a decisive victory for Niall and northern Uí Néill. Cummascach and his brother Congalach were killed while Muiredach survived the battle. The defeat broke the power of the Airgíalla who were thereafter subject to the northern Uí Néill kings. Artrí was deposed from the see of Armagh and Niall installed Éogan Mainistrech. Hostility to the Ui Neill resulted in the killing of the son of Niall Caille, Cináed, by the Ulaid in 835.
The "Annals of Innisfallen" note the death of Indrechtach mac Tommaltaig of the Leth Cathail (Lecale) branch of the Dal Fiatach as co-ruler of Ulaid in 835. This is not confirmed by the other annals however. In 839 Muiredach was killed by his own kinsmen (named as Áed and Óengus, his brothers). In this notice he is called King of Conchobar's Province, another name for Ulster. His son Matudán mac Muiredaig (died 857) succeeded him. His daughter Gormalaith Rapach ("the harsh") married Áed Findliath (died 879) high king of Ireland. 

</doc>
<doc id="18894033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894033" title="Brahmanagudem">
Brahmanagudem

Brahmanagudem is a village in Chagallu mandal, West Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh, India . Approximately 90% of the population is dependent on agriculture. This village is also industrially advanced in comparison to its adjacent villages. This major panchayat of Chagallu mandal is well connected to the adjacent cities through rail and roadways. The nearest town is Nidadavolu It is 3kms awway from nidadavolu, Nidadavolu is well connected with Railway and road transport. 
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Brahmanagudem village is as follows:
History.
The history of Brahmanagudem

</doc>
<doc id="18894049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894049" title="SS Maine">
SS Maine

SS "Maine" was a British steamship launched in 1905 as a 3600 ton cargo steamer with a triple expansion engine. She was torpedoed and sunk on 21 November 1917 by "UC-17", about off Dartmouth. She sank "gracefully, upright and on an even keel" and sits on shingle at .
The Torbay British Sub-Aqua Club bought the wreck for £100 in 1962 and salvaged the bronze propeller, selling it for £800.

</doc>
<doc id="18894054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894054" title="Paul Hunt (gymnast)">
Paul Hunt (gymnast)

Paul Hunt is a gymnastics coach and gymnastics clown. Hunt was born in Illinois, and now lives in Murray, Utah. He runs Hunt's Gymnastics Academy (a.k.a. Hunt's Gym) in Salt Lake City. Hunt has performed comedic performances of women's gymnastics routines, including the uneven bars, floor exercises, and the balance beam since 1980. He has performed on US and international television, including "Wide World of Sports" and "America's Funniest Videos".
Hunt was a competitive men's gymnast at the University of Illinois in the early 1970s. He won the Big Ten Conference individual championship in the floor exercise in 1971, and had another win in the floor exercise in 1973. He was the 1972 U.S. National Floor Exercise champion.
Hunt has been coaching gymnastics in Utah since 1974. While demonstrating a backflip for a female student, he realized the comic value of a man performing women's gymnastics. He performs his routines during gymnastics competitions for comic relief, wearing a skirted leotard and often calling himself Paulina Huntesque, Pauletta Huntenova, Paulette Huntinova or some similar variation. Often he would sport his thick mustache.

</doc>
<doc id="18894056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894056" title="La 1/2 Docena">
La 1/2 Docena

La 1/2 Docena is a Costa Rican comedy group formed by Mario Chacon, Erik Hernández, Edgar Murillo and Daniel Moreno. Some of their projects are "El Show de La 1/2 Docena" and "La 1/2 Docena en el teatro".

</doc>
<doc id="18894061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894061" title="Leszek">
Leszek

Leszek () is a Slavic Polish given name, originally "Lestko", "Leszko" or "Lestek", related to "Lech", "Lechosław" and Czech "Lstimir". 
Individuals named Lech celebrate their name day on June 3.

</doc>
<doc id="18894068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894068" title="Bispehaven">
Bispehaven

Bispehaven (English: The Bishop Garden) is a housing project of the housing cooperative Præstehaven in Aarhus, Denmark. The project is located in the western suburb of Hasle and mostly consists of concrete apartments, but with small two story attached town houses too. Bispehaven have c. 2,400 inhabitants, with a high percentage of 1st and 2nd generation immigrants (approximately 70%). The area have been known as a so called ghetto area, as one of many in western Aarhus (Aarhus V). The crime and the unemployment rate is high compared to other areas of Aarhus.
The Danish rapper Marwan, shot his first commercial music video in Bispehaven. The name of the song is "Min Blok" meaning My Block.

</doc>
<doc id="18894081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894081" title="Mister Music Man">
Mister Music Man

"Mister Music Man" was the first runner up in the Swiss preselection to the Eurovision Song Contest 1992 and when the song "Soleil, soleil" performed by Géraldine Olivier was disqualified "Mister Music Man" was selected to represent Switzerland instead. The song was composed by Gordon Dent and sung by Daisy Auvray in French. 
On the night of the contest, held in Malmö, Sweden, the song was performed 13th, following Finland's Pave Maijanen singing "Yamma, yamma" and preceding Luxembourg's Marion Welter with Kontinent singing "Sou fräi". At the close of the voting it had received 32 points, placing 15th in a field of 23.
The song was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1993 contest by Annie Cotton with "Moi, tout simplement".

</doc>
<doc id="18894094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894094" title="Emil Velev">
Emil Velev

Emil Velev (; born 5 February 1962) is a former Bulgarian footballer and currently manager of Lokomotiv Sofia.
Career.
Velev started his career in Levski Sofia. Kokala James () "(The bone James)", as the fans called him, played for Levski's first team from 1981 until 1989. He became Champion of Bulgaria in 1984, 1985 and 1988. Velev won the Cup of Bulgaria in 1982 and 1984. He registered 176 matches and 22 scores for Levski in the championship, and 34 matches and 8 goals for the Cup of Bulgaria. Velev had also played long years in Maccabi Ironi Ashdod F.C. in Israel.
Coaching career.
Levski Sofia.
In 2002 Velev became an assistant coach of PFC Levski Sofia. Six years later, Emil became head coach of Levski, after Velislav Vutsov's sacking. Under his guidance, Levski secured a 1:1 away draw against Belarusian FC BATE Borisov in the third qualifying phase of the UEFA Champions League, but this result was insufficient for Levski to progress after the 0:1 home loss in the first game.
Velev made an awesome debut in the Bulgarian league, coaching Levski. He debuted as a coach on 17 August 2008 in a game against Botev Plovdiv. Levski won the match 6:0. However, Velev drew the ire of Levski supporters on a number of occasions in subsequent matches due to what were perceived to be poor tactics and inconsistent player selections. After Levski were eliminated by Slovakian MŠK Žilina, Velev criticized some of the Levski ultras, hinting at their latent alcoholism and drug abuse, and condemned what he regarded as their insufficient support during matches. Velev eventually stated that some of his comments had been misconstrued by the media and attempted to mend fences with the Levski supporters, praising them for their passion for the team on a number of occasions.
He led the blues to the Champion of Bulgaria on 31 May 2009 following a 1:1 home draw against Minyor Pernik. All in all, this was attained after a contradictory but great season under his coaching. Despite the bad results during the autumn part of the season, after great matches in the spring, Levski Sofia fulfilled the initial plan and became a champion for the 26th time, with the last round still to be played. On 23 July 2009, Emil Velev announced that he had been fired from Levski Sofia, despite the fact that Levski won 9:0 on aggregate against Andorran side UE Sant Julià in the second qualifying round of the 2009–10 UEFA Champions League.
Slavia Sofia.
In May 2010 it was announced that Velev is the new manager of Slavia Sofia.
With Slavia he managed to lead the team to the Final of the Cup. Slavia lost it against CSKA with 1:0. This was the first time since 15 years the "Whites" played a final. The last time when Slavia achieved that was in 1996. However, despite the good run in the Bulgarian Cup Slavia recorded a very poor performances in the championship. The team is currently 11th with 15 lost games. Because of that Velev will no longer be in charge of Slavia.
Lokomotiv Plovdiv.
On the 8 November 2011 Velev was announced as the new head coach of Lokomotiv Plovdiv replacing Dragan Kanatlarovski after series of bad results. Velev's contract will be until the end of the season. Velev managed to lead the team to a positive series of results. He started with a few wins and lead the team to the Final of the Cup eliminating Levski Sofia at Lauta (2:1 after extra time) and Litex Lovech in Lovech (1:0) in the semifinals making it to the final against Ludogorets. However Lokomotiv lost the final against Ludogorets but made it to Europa League for the first time since 2005. The Plovdiv side played against Vitesse in the Secound Round of the tournament and were eliminated after a 4-4 draw followed by a 1-3 loss in the Netherlands. In October 2012 Emil Velev was sacked by the new Loko Plovdiv Board.
Lokomotiv Sofia.
In the late 2012 Emil Velev was appointed as new coach of Lokomotiv Sofia. He managed to avoid relegation and lead the team to the semi-finals of the Bulgarian Cup after eliminating CSKA Sofia 1:0 on aggregate.
On 5 August 2013 Emil Velev was sacked and replaced by Stefan Genov at Lokomotiv Sofia.
Manager.
, includes all official matches - Bulgarian League, Bulgarian Cup (+ overtime) and international tournament games.

</doc>
<doc id="18894100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894100" title="Langlade County Airport">
Langlade County Airport

Langlade County Airport is a county-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northeast of the central business district of Antigo, a city in Langlade County, Wisconsin, United States.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned AIG by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA (which assigned AIG to Yalinga in the Central African Republic).
Facilities and aircraft.
Langlade County Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 1,521 feet (464 m) above mean sea level. It has two asphalt paved runways: 16/34 is 4,001 by 75 feet (1,220 x 23 m); 8/26 is 3,400 by 75 feet (1,036 x 23 m). For the 12-month period ending September 27, 2005, the airport had 8,250 aircraft operations, an average of 22 per day: 97% general aviation, 2% air taxi and 1% military.
ANTIGO (AIG) Non-directional beacon, 347 kHz, is located at the field.
Antigo Air LLC is the Fixed base operator.
In March 2008, the Governor of Wisconsin approved plans to construct a new T-hangar for nearly $400,000 with the Federal Aviation Administration providing the bulk of the funding.
History.
The facility was used by the United States Army Air Forces as a contract glider training airfield. Known as Antigo Airport. Anderson Air Activities provided preliminary glider training. The school was one of 18 private operator contract schools that ran for 90 days beginning approximately July 6, 1942. There were but a few two place soaring gliders available for training. The Army delivered a few single engine, L type aircraft to be used. The primary training in these aircraft involved so called "dead-stick" landings. The student and instructor flew to various prescribed altitudes up to and the engine was shut off. The student then landed the plane as a glider. 
By September 1942 the Southeast Air Forces Training Command has been instructed to shut down the school as the shortage of gliders and single engine aircraft did not allow the school to train and produce the number of students required by the USAAF. Antigo was closed, the Army flew the planes out and the land was returned to the local farmers.

</doc>
<doc id="18894104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894104" title="Újpesti TE (disambiguation)">
Újpesti TE (disambiguation)

Újpesti TE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18894112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894112" title="Fardin Masoumi">
Fardin Masoumi

Fardin Masoumi Valadi (, born 10 November 1977 in Masal) is an Iranian wrestler.

</doc>
<doc id="18894127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894127" title="Frank S. Farley">
Frank S. Farley

Francis Sherman "Hap" Farley (December 1, 1901 – September 24, 1977) was a New Jersey State Senator from Atlantic County, New Jersey who exercised considerable power on the local and state levels for several decades. He served for what was then a record 34 years in the New Jersey Legislature and between the early 1940s and the early 1970s was the "boss" of the Republican political machine that controlled the Atlantic City, New Jersey and Atlantic County governments.
Biography.
Farley was born December 1, 1901, in Atlantic City, the youngest of ten children born to James and Maria (Clowney) Farley. As a youth, teammates gave him the nickname "Happy", which was shortened to "Hap" as he got older. He attended Wenonah Military Academy and the University of Pennsylvania, before graduating from Georgetown Law School in 1925.
In the legislature.
In 1937, Farley was elected to represent Atlantic County in the New Jersey Assembly, and in 1940 he was elected to the New Jersey Senate. In 1941, Enoch "Nucky" Johnson, boss of the Atlantic City/Atlantic County Republican political machine, was convicted of income tax evasion and sent to prison. Farley, after a struggle with rival Thomas D. Taggart, Jr., mayor of Atlantic City, succeeded Johnson as the leader of the organization.
Farley rose through the leadership ranks of the State Senate to become Senate majority leader in January, 1944. By early 1945 he was Senate President. As state senator, Farley was president of the "21 Club", which was composed of New Jersey's county Republican chairmen, and which provided a basis for Farley to exert statewide political influence.
Among the projects that Farley actively promoted and was instrumental in accomplishing were Atlantic City Race Course, the Garden State Parkway (which was referred to by North Jersey legislators as "Farley's Folly"), the Atlantic City Expressway (the service plaza, Farley Service Plaza, of which is now named in his honor), the Atlantic City Marina (now Senator Frank S. Farley State Marina), Stockton State College, and the construction of county community colleges. Farley believed that his political success lay primarily in persuading other legislators “not to hurt us if you can’t help us”, and in treating other legislators the same way.
When Farley entered the New Jersey Senate, each of the state’s twenty-one counties was represented by one senator. This resulted in the smaller counties, which included most South Jersey counties, having a disproportionate amount of power, and Farley was very effective in assembling a majority of the twenty-one senators to support his proposals. Farley’s legislative power was ultimately diluted as a result of the United States Supreme Court’s 1962 decision in "Baker v. Carr", which required that representation in state legislatures be based on population, not counties. As a result, the size of the state senate grew to forty members, with most of the new seats representing districts in North Jersey, and it was much more difficult for Farley to control the legislative process.
Farley served as a delegate to the Republican National Convention starting in 1944, and was instrumental in getting the New Jersey delegation at the 1968 Republican National Convention to switch their support from favorite son Clifford P. Case to Richard Nixon.
In the latter part of Farley’s legislative career, a growing number of Atlantic City activists and leaders proposed the legalization of casino gambling as a way to rebuild the deteriorated city and rejuvenate its declining economy. Until near the end of his senatorial career, Farley refused to back casino gambling, a position that some close to him attributed to a desire to avoid the increased scrutiny that gambling would bring to bear on his political machine. During his final year as state senator, however, Farley did attempt to enact legislation to authorize a referendum that would legalize gambling in Atlantic City. The proposed legislation, which was officially sponsored by Farley's political ally Senator Frank X. McDermott (R-Union) because Farley feared a backlash if he publicly appeared to support it, lacked safeguards and was soundly defeated in the Senate.
After leaving the legislature.
In 1971, Farley was defeated in his attempt for reelection by Dr. Joseph McGahn, the Democratic candidate.
In the early 1970s, after Farley left office, the Federal Aviation Administration planned to close the National Aviation Facilities Experimental Center (now known as the William J. Hughes Technical Center) located in the Pomona section of Galloway Township, which was one of the largest employers in Atlantic County. Farley, at the request of community leaders, went to administration officials in Washington, who intervened, and the facility was not closed. 
In 1974, supporters of legalized casino gambling in Atlantic City succeeded in having a referendum placed on the New Jersey general election ballot that would have permitted casino gambling throughout the state. After the proposal was soundly defeated by voters, some criticized the failure of proponents of the measure to involve Farley in the effort, and Farley also expressed disappointment in not having been involved.
After their defeat in 1974, supporters of gambling regrouped under the direction of Meyer I. "Mike" Segal, who served as Chairman of the Committee to Legalize Gaming, and were successful in placing another referendum on the November 1976 ballot that would permit casino gambling in only Atlantic City. This time, casino proponents were much better organized than they had been in 1974, and Segal sought the assistance of Farley, who worked extensively behind the scenes. Farley successfully urged old political allies in other parts of the state to support the measure, including Bergen County Sheriff Joseph Job, and some observers estimated that these efforts resulted in hundreds of thousands of votes in favor of casinos. This time the referendum was approved by a wide margin. Sanford Weiner, the campaign strategist hired by the pro-casino organization, the Committee to Rebuild Atlantic City, considered obtaining Joseph Job's support for the measure to be the decisive factor in securing the victory.
Farley married Marie Feyl. He died on September 24, 1977 at his home in Ventnor City, New Jersey. "The New York Times" described Farley as "probably the most powerful legislator in New Jersey history" further noting that he was "an artful negotiator whose backroom wheeling and dealing were legendary", and that he "was credited with pushing through more special legislation for his district, Atlantic City and Atlantic County, than any other legislator".

</doc>
<doc id="18894139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894139" title="1999 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
1999 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 1999 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Milan, Italy at the Idroscalo.
The men's competition consisted of nine Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Women competed in eight events, all kayak.
This was the 30th championships in canoe sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="18894157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894157" title="Rupert von Trapp">
Rupert von Trapp

Rupert Georg von Trapp (1 November 1911 – 22 February 1992) was a member of the Trapp Family Singers, whose lives were the inspiration for the play and film "The Sound of Music". He was portrayed as the character "Friedrich".
Biography.
He was born on 1 November 1911. His parents married in January 1911. His father was Georg von Trapp and his mother was Agatha (née Whitehead) von Trapp (1891–1922). He grew up in Zell am See during World War I with his siblings, Agathe von Trapp (1913–2010), Maria Franziska von Trapp (1914-2014), Werner von Trapp (1915–2007), Hedwig von Trapp (1917–1972), and Johanna von Trapp (1919–1994). The youngest sister, Martina von Trapp (1921–1951), was born in Klosterneuburg (Austria), whither the Trapp Family had moved from Zell-am-See because their home (a "lake hotel" called "Kitzsteinhorn") had been flooded. In 1922, von Trapp's mother died of scarlet fever and was buried in Klosterneuburg when Rupert was almost 11 years old. In 1925, the family moved to Salzburg-Aigen. Rupert entered a public school, together with Werner; his sisters went to the Ursuline covent. 
In 1927, his father, a widower, married Maria Augusta Kutschera, the teacher of von Trapp's sisters, Maria Franziska and Johanna. Georg and Maria Augusta had three children together: Rosmarie (1928 or 1929), Eleonore (1931), and Johannes (1939). Rupert studied medicine and became an Austrian citizen. Later, in the family chorus, he sang bass. In 1938 he had a possibility of a job in Vienna but refused because the job was being taken away from a Jewish physician by the Nazis. The family left Austria in summer of this year and went to America. Rupert was now in his mid 20s and went on tour with his siblings and his stepmother, and entered the army, together with Werner in 1942. Rupert and Werner eventually served in Italy with the 10th Mountain Division. 
Personal life.
In 1947 he married Henriette Lajoie (died 13 April 2013), with whom he later had six children, and left the family chorus. In the same year, he graduated from the University of Vermont. Rupert von Trapp became a naturalized United States citizen in 1948.
Death.
Rupert von Trapp died in 1992, aged 80, and was buried at the Lodge in Vermont, next to his father, his stepmother, and his siblings: Werner, Hedwig, and Martina. He was survived by his six children. 

</doc>
<doc id="18894161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894161" title="List of Legend of the Galactic Heroes episodes">
List of Legend of the Galactic Heroes episodes

This is a list of episodes for the OVA series "Legend of the Galactic Heroes". Dates are given in the Space Calendar (S.C.) used in the Free Planets Alliance and the Imperial Calendar (I.C.) used in the Galactic Empire.
Chronological order of episodes.
In the order of chronological events taking part in the LOGH universe, this is the correct order of episodes:
First part (Season 1).
The first part (or season 1) covers the volumes 1 and 2 of the original novels, adding some prequel stories (episodes 9 and 11) and original stories (parts of episodes 13 and 14). The main theme is Reinhard von Lohengramm's rise to power, mirrored by Yang Wen-li's unwillingness to go beyond his military duties and assume a similar position in the Free Planets Alliance.
Second part (season 2).
The 28-episode second part (or season 2) covers the volumes 3 to 5 of the original novels. Reinhard von Lohengramm achieves almost all his goals: the Goldenbaum dynasty is finally overthrown and the Free Planets Alliance is defeated and occupied. One of the main themes is the comparison between a corrupt democracy and an efficient dictatorship and the moral issues of such a situation, with Yang Wen-li standing for democracy because a corrupt democracy can be amended, while a dictatorship can only be overthrown by force, and a wise dictator is an exception.
Third part (Season 3).
The 32-episode third part (or season 3) covers the volumes 6 to 8 of the original novels.
Fourth part (Season 4).
The 24-episodes fourth part (or season 4) covers the volumes 9 and 10 of the original novels.

</doc>
<doc id="18894179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894179" title="Lake Neatahwanta">
Lake Neatahwanta

Lake Neatahwanta is located in and near the city of Fulton in Oswego County, New York. It covers approximately of which about one-half is located within the city, while the other half is located in the town of Granby.
It is currently prohibited to swim in the lake or to allow pets to have contact with the water due to pollution and microbial growth.

</doc>
<doc id="18894190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894190" title="Luke's variational principle">
Luke's variational principle

In fluid dynamics, Luke's variational principle is a Lagrangian variational description of the motion of surface waves on a fluid with a free surface, under the action of gravity. This principle is named after J.C. Luke, who published it in 1967. This variational principle is for incompressible and inviscid potential flows, and is used to derive approximate wave models like the so-called mild-slope equation, or using the average-Lagrangian approach for wave propagation in inhomogeneous media.
Luke's Lagrangian formulation can also be recast into a Hamiltonian formulation in terms of the surface elevation and velocity potential at the free surface. This is often used when modelling the spectral density evolution of the free-surface in a sea state, sometimes called wave turbulence.
Both the Lagrangian and Hamiltonian formulations can be extended to include surface tension effects.
Luke's Lagrangian.
Luke's Lagrangian formulation is for non-linear surface gravity waves on an—incompressible, irrotational and inviscid—potential flow. 
The relevant ingredients, needed in order to describe this flow, are:
The Lagrangian formula_1, as given by Luke, is:
From Bernoulli's principle, this Lagrangian can be seen to be the integral of the fluid pressure over the whole time-dependent fluid domain "V"("t"). This is in agreement with the variational principles for inviscid flow without a free surface, found by Harry Bateman.
Variation with respect to the velocity potential "Φ"(x,"z","t") and free-moving surfaces like "z"="η"(x,"t") results in the Laplace equation for the potential in the fluid interior and all required boundary conditions: kinematic boundary conditions on all fluid boundaries and dynamic boundary conditions on free surfaces. This may also include moving wavemaker walls and ship motion.
For the case of a horizontally unbounded domain with the free fluid surface at "z"="η"(x,"t") and a fixed bed at "z"=−"h"(x), Luke's variational principle results in the Lagrangian:
The bed-level term proportional to "h"2 in the potential energy has been neglected, since it is a constant and does not contribute in the variations. 
Below, Luke's variational principle is used to arrive at the flow equations for non-linear surface gravity waves on a potential flow.
Derivation of the flow equations resulting from Luke's variational principle.
The variation formula_4 in the Lagrangian with respect to variations in the velocity potential "Φ"(x,"z","t"), as well as with respect to the surface elevation "η"(x,"t"), have to be zero. We consider both variations subsequently.
Variation with respect to the velocity potential.
Consider a small variation "δΦ" in the velocity potential "Φ". Then the resulting variation in the Lagrangian is:
Using Leibniz integral rule, this becomes, in case of constant density "ρ": 
The first integral on the right-hand side integrates out to the boundaries, in x and "t", of the integration domain and is zero since the variations "δΦ" are taken to be zero at these boundaries. For variations "δΦ" which are zero at the free surface and the bed, the second integral remains, which is only zero for arbitrary "δΦ" in the fluid interior if there the Laplace equation holds:
with Δ=∇·∇ + ∂2/∂"z"2 the Laplace operator.
If variations "δΦ" are considered which are only non-zero at the free surface, only the third integral remains, giving rise to the kinematic free-surface boundary condition:
Similarly, variations "δΦ" only non-zero at the bottom "z" = -"h" result in the kinematic bed condition:
Variation with respect to the surface elevation.
Considering the variation of the Lagrangian with respect to small changes "δη" gives:
This has to be zero for arbitrary "δη", giving rise to the dynamic boundary condition at the free surface:
This is the Bernoulli equation for unsteady potential flow, applied at the free surface, and with the pressure above the free surface being a constant — which constant pressure is taken equal to zero for simplicity.
Hamiltonian formulation.
The Hamiltonian structure of surface gravity waves on a potential flow was discovered by Vladimir E. Zakharov in 1968, and rediscovered independently by Bert Broer and John Miles: 
where the surface elevation "η" and surface potential "φ" — which is the potential "Φ" at the free surface "z"="η"(x,"t") — are the canonical variables. The Hamiltonian formula_13 is the sum of the kinetic and potential energy of the fluid:
The additional constraint is that the flow in the fluid domain has to satisfy Laplace's equation with appropriate boundary condition at the bottom "z"=-"h"(x) and that the potential at the free surface "z"="η" is equal to "φ": formula_15
Relation with Lagrangian formulation.
The Hamiltonian formulation can be derived from Luke's Lagrangian description by using Leibniz integral rule on the integral of ∂"Φ"/∂"t":
with formula_17 the value of the velocity potential at the free surface, and formula_18 the Hamiltonian density — sum of the kinetic and potential energy density — and related to the Hamiltonian as:
The Hamiltonian density is written in terms of the surface potential using Green's third identity on the kinetic energy:
where "D"("η") "φ" is equal to the normal derivative of ∂"Φ"/∂"n" at the free surface. Because of the linearity of the Laplace equation — valid in the fluid interior and depending on the boundary condition at the bed "z"=-"h" and free surface "z"="η" — the normal derivative ∂"Φ"/∂"n" is a "linear" function of the surface potential "φ", but depends non-linear on the surface elevation "η". This is expressed by the Dirichlet-to-Neumann operator "D"("η"), acting linearly on "φ".
The Hamiltonian density can also be written as:
with "w"(x,"t") = ∂"Φ"/∂"z" the vertical velocity at the free surface "z" = "η". Also "w" is a "linear" function of the surface potential "φ" through the Laplace equation, but "w" depends non-linear on the surface elevation "η":
with "W" operating linear on "φ", but being non-linear in "η". As a result, the Hamiltonian is a quadratic functional of the surface potential "φ". Also the potential energy part of the Hamiltonian is quadratic. The source of non-linearity in surface gravity waves is through the kinetic energy depending non-linear on the free surface shape "η".
Further ∇"φ" is not to be mistaken for the horizontal velocity ∇"Φ" at the free surface:
Taking the variations of the Lagrangian formula_24 with respect to the canonical variables formula_25 and formula_26 gives:
provided in the fluid interior "Φ" satisfies the Laplace equation, Δ"Φ"=0, as well as the bottom boundary condition at "z"=-"h" and "Φ"="φ" at the free surface.

</doc>
<doc id="18894195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894195" title="Valentine Stockdale">
Valentine Stockdale

Valentine Stockdale (born 15 December 1981) is an English film producer, screenwriter and executive producer.
Early life.
He was born in London, and raised in the English counties of Northumberland, Northamptonshire, Sussex and Lincolnshire. He became a member of Mensa International aged 12 and was educated at Eton College specializing in graphic design, physics and mathematics.
Screenwriting.
His commissioned feature screenplays to date include 'The Good War' scheduled for production in Malta in 2010 starring Alfred Molina, Ed Speleers and Ian Virgo; 'Brodie's Law' the gruesome graphic novel adaptation from infamous comic book publisher Pulp Theatre; and a comedy musical studio picture from Firefly. He currently has several further screenplays in development through Vesuvius Film Partners including a Russian espionage thriller studio picture, an Argentine political thriller and a horror movie. Most recently his screenplay 'Gabriel-Ernest' was the Winner of five accolades including Winner at the A Night of Horror International Film Festival 2011, a Semi-Finalist in the PAGE International Screenwriting Awards, and a Finalist in the European Independent Film Festival 2010.
Film Producer.
He began his early days in film as an Assistant Director and Production Manager after many years working on commercials and music videos for the multi-award-winning UK production companies Rose Hackney Barber, Bliss Films, Great Guns, Oil Factory, Wall2Wall, Own2Feet & Godman. In 2007 he joined new media group Universal 360 as an Executive Producer and began developing and producing feature films and television programs for leading UK independent Firefly. He also served for 10 months as an Executive Producer at London-based music TV production company Oberon.
In 2008 he founded London based film finance company Vesuvius Film Partners, providing finance for feature-length independent and studio motion pictures including consultancy services, medium to high budget fundraising services, seed capital, bridge loans, mezzanine finance, GAP finance, and the structuring of commercial transactions and investments through tax incentive schemes. In early 2009 he became Head of Acquisitions and Co-productions at Firefly. In mid-2009 Stockdale left Firefly to concentrate full-time on motion picture finance, joining Capital Motion Pictures, a fund of funds providing match finance to major Hollywood studios. Stockdale also serves as a freelance adviser and Executive Producer at 8 times BAFTA nominated, 3 times BAFTA winning Aquarium Studios based in London.
Films.
Most notably he is Executive Producer of Boogie Woogie starring Heather Graham, Danny Huston, Christopher Lee, Amanda Seyfried, Gillian Anderson, Stellan Skarsgård, Joanna Lumley, Simon McBurney, Charlotte Rampling, Jamie Winstone and Alan Cumming, a black comedy about the British art industry directed by Duncan Ward and the first motion picture featuring the work of infamous curator Damien Hirst. The film was released in March 2010 by Vertigo Films and IFC. 
He is also Executive Producer of Lionsgate's Jack Falls, the final installment of the first ever British film trilogy, particularly reminiscent of the Robert Rodriguez classic Sin City; and King Kennedy, a feature length drama/thriller set in the 1960s made entirely from archive material. The film stars some of the most prominent characters from 1960's America, including US President John F. Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy, the African-American civil rights movement leader Martin Luther King, convicted assassins Lee Harvey Oswald and Sirhan Sirhan and the film world's brightest icons of that time Marilyn Monroe and Frank Sinatra. The plot line revolves around the concepts of truth and freedom, but pursues further towards deception, intrigue, conspiracy and murder, and features some of the most memorable moments in 1960's America, including Marilyn Monroe's world famous "Happy Birthday, Mr. President" at Madison Square Garden and Martin Luther King's "I Have A Dream" speech on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in which he called for racial equality and an end to discrimination. The film is designed primarily to remind, focusing on the characters and events that build up to the assassinations of John F. Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy and Martin Luther King as their apparent determination to shy away from war, discrimination and hatred became ever more publicized.
Media consulting.
In addition to his producing work, Valentine has served as a senior consultant at Mayfair-based investment and corporate advisory firm Buchler Rothschild Investments, providing corporate strategy, fundraising and business advisory services to clients in the media arena. Valentine is also a Partner at corporate finance and commodities trading organization HSW Finance, providing financial instruments and fundraising services to clients in the international commodities trading industries.
Trivia.
He is the first cousin of George Roy Hill, Academy Award-winning director of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid and The Sting and the grandson of Sir Edmund Villiers Minshull Stockdale, 1st Baronet (Lord Mayor of the City of London, 1959) and The Hon. Louise Fermor-Hesketh. On 26 April 2008 he married Martha Judith Torres Chávez in London. His son Gabriel Angelo Dante Stockdale was born in London on 16 May 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18894197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894197" title="Slam-dunk">
Slam-dunk

In mathematics, particularly low-dimensional topology, the slam-dunk is a particular modification of a given surgery diagram in the 3-sphere for a 3-manifold. The name, but not the move, is due to Tim Cochran. Let "K" be a component of the link in the diagram and "J" be a component that circles "K" as a meridian. Suppose "K" has integer coefficient "n" and "J" has coefficient a rational number "r". Then we can obtain a new diagram by deleting "J" and changing the coefficient of "K" to "n-1/r". This is the slam-dunk. 
The name of the move is suggested by the proof that these diagrams give the same 3-manifold. First, do the surgery on "K", replacing a tubular neighborhood of "K" by another solid torus "T" according to the surgery coefficient "n". Since "J" is a meridian, it can be pushed, or "slam dunked", into "T". Since "n" is an integer, "J" intersects the meridian of "T" once, and so "J" must be isotopic to a longitude of "T". Thus when we now do surgery on "J", we can think of it as replacing "T" by another solid torus. This replacement, as shown by a simple calculation, is given by coefficient "n - 1/r".
The inverse of the slam-dunk can be used to change any rational surgery diagram into an integer one, i.e. a surgery diagram on a framed link.

</doc>
<doc id="18894201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894201" title="Maurice Wilk">
Maurice Wilk

Maurice Wilk was a well-known American violinist who performed as a member of the Alma Trio from 1953 until his sudden death in 1963. 
He was the original violinist in the Bach Aria Group during the late 1940s. The other original members of the Bach Aria Group were Bernard Greenhouse (Cello); Menahem Pressler (Piano); and Robert Bloom (oboe). During the 1950s he was a faculty member at Columbia University in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="18894204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894204" title="Gateshead Garden Festival">
Gateshead Garden Festival

The Gateshead Garden Festival was the fourth of the United Kingdom's five National Garden Festivals. Held between May and October 1990, in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear, it lasted 157 days, and received over three million visitors. Attractions included public art displays, a Ferris wheel, and dance, music, theatre and sporting events. Several modes of transport were provided around the site: a monorail which ran between Norwood and Eslington, a narrow gauge steam railway between Dunston and Redheugh, and a road train which covered the entire site. A ferry across the River Tyne, between Dunston Staithes and Newcastle Quayside, was also provided.
The festival site was created over a two-year period, on of derelict land, previously the site of a gasworks, a coal depot and a coking plant. The cost of reclaiming and redeveloping the land was around £37 million. After the festival ended, much of the site was replaced by housing.

</doc>
<doc id="18894209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894209" title="Soce, Poland">
Soce, Poland

Soce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Narew, north-west of Hajnówka, and south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18894214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894214" title="Liu Pang-yu">
Liu Pang-yu

Liu Pang-yu (Chinese: 劉邦友, Hanyu Pinyin: "Liú Bāngyǒu", died on November 21, 1996) was the Commissioner of Taoyuan County on Taiwan, Republic of China from 1989 to 1996.
The Control Yuan indicted Liu due to his role in a corruption case involving the extracting of around $360 million U.S. dollars from the Chungli Farmers' Association. Liu also had been placed under investigation in a separate land speculation deal. "Asiaweek" reported that some people said that he forged his master's degree. For seven years prosecutors attempted to place Liu in prison.
Death.
On November 21, 1996, Liu and seven others died in an "execution style" shooting at his residence. One county councilor, two security guards, one secretary, one driver, one cook, and the wife of the county's Agricultural Bureau chief perished with Liu; another county councilor survived the incident but suffered serious head injuries, memory lost, and severed spinal cord. The deceased received bullets in their heads. Authorities have not solved the crime; some Taiwanese police believe that Chinese gang members recruited from "a local group" killed Liu and the others. Some investigators believe that "conflicts of interest" in Liu's politics lead to his death.
At the time the shooting was the deadliest mass murder in Taiwanese history, and Liu was the only high-ranked government official to be assassinated in his term. The nature of the shootings and the photographs of the aftermath shocked the Taiwanese.

</doc>
<doc id="18894226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894226" title="Otto I, Prince of Anhalt-Aschersleben">
Otto I, Prince of Anhalt-Aschersleben

Otto I, Prince of Anhalt-Aschersleben (died 25 June 1304) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Aschersleben.
He was the eldest son of Henry II, Prince of Anhalt-Aschersleben, by his wife Matilda, daughter of Otto the Child, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg. Otto was named after his maternal grandfather.
Life.
After the death of his father in 1266, Otto and his younger brother Henry inherited the principality of Anhalt-Aschersleben as co-rulers; but because they were still underage, their mother Matilda assumed the regency of Aschersleben until 1270, when both brothers were declared adults.
Otto continued to rule jointly with his brother until 1283, when Henry (already a provost) renounced his rights. From that time, Otto ruled alone until his own death.
Marriage and issue.
In 1283 Otto married Hedwig (b. ca. 1256 - d. aft. 14 December 1300), daughter of Henry III the White, Duke of Wrocław, and widow of Henry, Lord of Pleissnerland, eldest son of Albert II, Margrave of Meissen. They had three children:

</doc>
<doc id="18894230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894230" title="Micanopy Historical Society Museum">
Micanopy Historical Society Museum

The Micanopy Historical Society Museum is located at 607 Northeast 1st Avenue, Micanopy, Florida, USA. It contains materials relating to the history of the town. It is part of the Micanopy Historic District, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18894241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894241" title="Dentro di me">
Dentro di me

"Dentro di me" ("Inside of me") was the Swiss entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, composed and sung by Barbara Berta in Italian.
The song was performed 7th on the night of the contest (following Slovenia's Tanja Ribič with "Zbudi se" and preceding the Netherlands' Mrs. Einstein with "Niemand heeft nog tijd"), and at the close of the voting had received 5 points, placing 22nd of 25.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative by Gunvor with "Lass' ihn".

</doc>
<doc id="18894251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894251" title="List of home video companies">
List of home video companies

This is a list of notable home video companies in the business of producing and marketing pre-recorded cassettes and discs of various formats for home video.

</doc>
<doc id="18894258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894258" title="Batocara">
Batocara

Batocara is a genus of trilobite in the family Encrinuridae. It was described by D.L. Strusz in 1980. The type species is "Batocara bowningi", which was originally described as "Encrinurus bowningi" by Foerste in 1888. It also contains the species "Batocara borenorense" and "Batocara fritillum".

</doc>
<doc id="18894275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894275" title="Ladyhawke (album)">
Ladyhawke (album)

Ladyhawke is the debut studio album by New Zealand recording artist Ladyhawke, released on 19 September 2008 by Modular Recordings. Produced by Pascal Gabriel, Greg Kurstin, Kid Gloves, Kish Mauve's Jim Eliot, Paul Harris and Van She's Michael Di Francesco, the album incorporates 1980s-influenced New Wave and synthpop, as well as indie rock. It spawned five singles, including "Back of the Van", "Paris Is Burning", "Dusk Till Dawn", "My Delirium" and "Magic".
The album reached number one in Ladyhawke's home country and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand. It also charted at number sixteen in Australia and the United Kingdom, attaining gold status in both countries. It was met with positive acclaim from contemporary music critics, who commended Ladyhawke for her ability to reproduce the music of the '80s. Additionally, "Ladyhawke" won six awards at the 2009 New Zealand Music Awards—the most awards won since 2004—and two at the ARIA Music Awards of 2009.
Album cover.
The cover artwork is a watercolor painting by Sydney-based illustrator and painter Sarah Larnach of a loosely dressed Ladyhawke intently playing a NES on an unseen television. Also visible are three cats, a Super NES controller, a Mega Drive console, a microKORG synthesiser, and a NES Zapper holstered in her underwear.
Singles.
Lead single "Back of the Van" was originally released as a digital download in 2008. It was re-released in the UK on 19 May 2009, reaching number ninety-three on the UK Singles Chart. "Paris Is Burning" was released on 30 June 2008 as the second single from the album. It is the second best-performing single of Ladyhawke's career so far, peaking at number forty in New Zealand, number fifty-two in Australia and number sixty-one in the UK. Following a re-release on 2 March 2009, "Paris Is Burning" reached a new peak position of number forty-seven on the UK Singles Chart. "Dusk Till Dawn" was released as the third single on 15 September 2008, peaking just outside the top seventy-five of the UK Singles Chart at number seventy-eight.
Released on 8 December 2008, fourth single "My Delirium" earned Ladyhawke her most successful hit to date, charting at number eight in Australia, number nine in New Zealand, number nineteen in the UK and number thirty-six in Denmark. "Magic" was sent to Australian radio stations on 10 June 2009 and began receiving airplay on the Nova network. It was released as the album's fifth and final single in the UK on 28 September 2009, but failed to chart there. Nevertheless, it became Ladyhawke's second highest-peaking single in New Zealand, reaching number thirty-one.
Critical reception.
"Ladyhawke" received positive reviews from most music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 70, based on 17 reviews, which indicates "generally favorable reviews". In a review for "Time Off", Ben Preece referred to the album as "a glorious ride through 80s-flavoured pop, electro-fused beats and brilliantly infectious melodies". Simon Price of "The Independent" noted that the album is "simultaneously very then and very now: it couldn't have been made any later than 1985, or any earlier than 2001." "The Sunday Times" reviewer Dan Cairns wrote that "the record is awash with the sonic squiggles, thumping beats and lethal chord sequences of classic 1980s chart pop and electro." Cairns continued, "Each of the 13 tracks has a chorus to kill for, and Brown's voice—Kim Wilde meets PJ Harvey—features an end-of-phrase exhalation that is sex on a microphone stand." Jon O'Brien of Allmusic felt that "despite its blatant retro vibe, album still manages to sound fresh thanks to its clever production and Brown's fiery and vibrant vocals." Nadine O'Regan of "Spin" magazine praised the album as "a confection of synth-infused, mammoth-chorused tunes that sound surprisingly and thrillingly fresh", adding that "he trick lies in Brown's blissfully irony-free attitude: Through the digital wizardry and pumping beats, you can hear an unabashedly heartfelt and occasionally vulnerable artist." "The Guardian"s Jude Rogers raved that the song "Magic" "may be the best opening track on any album this year", while describing tracks like "Dusk Till Dawn", "My Delirium" and "Another Runaway" as "monumental".
Elvissia Williams of BBC Music compared the album to the 1985 teen comedy film "The Breakfast Club", stating, "Just like the John Hughes movie classic, her debut album blends love, anxiety and youthful bashfulness. Any scenester with a Casiotone can Xerox the 'sound' of the 80s; Ladyhawke's genius lays in her ability to distill the *spirit* of Brat Pack-era America—its innocence, its wide-eyed euphoria, its unshakeable faith in happy endings." Mark Beaumont of the "NME" opined that Ladyhawke's "louche synthetic pop is brazenly Bananarama, ridiculously "Rio", and wonderfully , but the lack of posing—her sheer scruffiness—makes it the first credible '80s pop record since ABC's "The Lexicon Of Love"." "The Observer"s Peter Robinson viewed the album as "an accessible but immensely rewarding listen, and while some of this singer's influences may be middle of the road, her album isn't even on the road. It's storming across the desert on a nice red motorbike." Pitchfork Media's commented that ""Ladyhawke" is brimming with ideas whose worst moments quantify this past and whose best build upon it." Despite calling Ladyhawke a "skillful craftswoman", "Rolling Stone"s Jody Rosen concluded that "as with so much Eighties revivalism, there is a chilly emptiness to the exercise; most of the songs feel like fashion statements." Similarly, Emily Tartanella of PopMatters argued that the album is "willfully, occasionally wonderfully, over-the-top. But it's all style, and no substance, and so without the style, well, there's really nothing there."
Accolades.
The album earned Ladyhawke six New Zealand Music Awards in 2009 for Album of the Year, Single of the Year for "My Delirium", Best Female Solo Artist, Breakthrough Artist of the Year, Best Dance/Electronica Album and International Achievement Award (shared with Brooke Fraser), in addition to a nomination for Peoples' Choice Award. This was the most awards won at a ceremony since 2004, when rapper Scribe also won six. At the ARIA Music Awards of 2009, she won Breakthrough Artist – Album and Breakthrough Artist – Single, and was nominated for Single of the Year for "My Delirium", Best Female Artist, Best Pop Release and Best Cover Art.
Commercial performance.
The album debuted at number fifteen in Ladyhawke's native New Zealand, reaching number one for one week the following year, on 19 October 2009. It spent forty non-consecutive weeks on the chart and earned a platinum certification from the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand (RIANZ) on 20 December 2009, denoting sales of over 15,000 copies. In Australia, "Ladyhawke" debuted and peaked at number sixteen on the ARIA Albums Chart, slipping to number twenty-eight the following week. The album spent twenty-five non-consecutive weeks in the top fifty and was eventually certified gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), selling over 35,000 copies.
"Ladyhawke" entered the UK Albums Chart at number forty-seven with first-week sales of 3,500 copies, falling off the top one hundred the following week. The album subsequently made a re-entry on 4 January 2009 at number ninety-five for two separate chart runs, following the release of "My Delirium" and the re-issue of "Paris Is Burning", re-climbing to a new peak position of number sixteen for the chart commencing 3 May 2009. The album remained in the top 100 for thirty-three non-consecutive weeks, and was certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) on 17 April 2009 for shipments in excess of 100,000 copies.
Personnel.
Credits for "Ladyhawke" adapted from liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="18894277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894277" title="Joan Lamote de Grignon">
Joan Lamote de Grignon

Joan Lamote de Grignon i Bocquet (; 7 July 1872 – 11 March 1949), was a Catalan Spanish pianist, composer and orchestra director.
Joan Lamote de Grignon was born and died in Barcelona, the son of parents of French descent Lluis Lamote de Grignon and Elena Bocquet. In 1911 he founded the Barcelona Symphony Orchestra, of which he was also music director. He directed the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra. He was the successor of Celestí Sadurní in directing the Municipal Band of Barcelona in 1914, from where he promoted young performers and provided the Band with an acknowledged repertoire. Three years later he was appointed director of the Conservatory of the Gran Teatre del Liceu of Barcelona. In 1943 he founded the València Municipal Orchestra, which he directed until 1949.
His compositions, including transcriptions and arrangements, comprise some hundred and fifty songs, the oratorio "La nit de Nadal"(1906), the lyric drama "Hespèria"(1907), a symphonic trilogy, a symphony, a "Missa eucarística" for two voices and organ, motets and spiritual songs, and "El parc d'atraccions" for piano.
He wrote various sardanes for cobla and helped to found the band Cobla Barcelona.
His son Ricard Lamote de Grignon followed in his father's footsteps as a composer and orchestra director. Ricard worked alongside him as assistant director of the newly created València Municipal Orchestra.
The personal papers of Joan Lamote de Grignon are preserved in the Biblioteca de Catalunya.
Important works.
His work includes many pieces for orchestra, orchestra with voice, lieder and songs, scenic music, voice and piano, sardanes for cobla, and transcriptions for band.
The archive of the Lamote de Grignon family, with works by Joan and his son Ricard, is at the Document repository of the Generalitat of Catalunya and may be studied in the Biblioteca de Catalunya.
Music.
His compositions include about a hundred and fifty songs, the oratorio "La nit de Nadal" (Christmas Night) (1906), the lyric drama "Hespèria" (1907), a symphonic trilogy, one symphony, a Mass for two voices and organ, motets and spiritual songs, and the work for piano "El parc d'atraccions" (The Amusement Park).
Notes.
Published works also in Brotons & Mercadal, Edicions Musicals, SL, www.brotonsmercadal.com

</doc>
<doc id="18894288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894288" title="Race the Train">
Race the Train

Race the Train () is an annual cross country running event that takes place in Tywyn, Mid Wales. The race is organised by Tywyn Rotary Club, and attracts runners from all over the world. In the main event, runners compete to beat a steam train on the preserved Talyllyn Railway over a distance of . The event has featured both in local and national media, including the BBC's Countryfile programme.
History.
The event was the idea of local dentist, Godfrey Worsey, and was first run in 1984 with around 48 runners. The following year, this had increased to 250 runners. In 2008, there were 822 runners in the main race; the winner completing the course in just over 1 hour 18 minutes, a course record.
Route.
The full race of is from Tywyn to Abergynolwyn and back. The course is mostly over public footpaths and local privately owned farmland, with the permission of the landowners, though the first and last sections are on public roads. Although only the elite runners stay ahead of the train for the full distance, the train stops in various locations to take on water, pass other trains or to run round at Abergynolwyn, allowing other runners to overtake.
Additionally, there are shorter races in the morning, as follows:
Event under threat.
In March 2009, it was announced that the August race may be the last, unless more volunteers can be found to help organise the event. Due to a strong response from the local community, these fears have been allayed and it was announced in the 2009 Race Programme, that the event's future was secured for a number of years.

</doc>
<doc id="18894293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894293" title="Narasimhan">
Narasimhan

Narasimhan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18894310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18894310" title="Alison Shanks">
Alison Shanks

Alison Shanks (born 13 December 1982) is a New Zealand professional racing cyclist, specialising in individual pursuit in track cycling and individual time trial in road bicycle racing. Prior to that she was an Otago Rebels netballer, the sport she played for more than five years before her cycling career.
Biography.
Born in Dunedin, New Zealand. Shanks graduated from the University of Otago in 2005 with a BCom Marketing (Hons) and a BSc in Human Nutrition.
Shanks began cycling in 2005, and soon enjoyed success. After more than five years competing for the Otago Rebels in the National Bank Cup netball, she competed at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne where she finished fourth in the pursuit. She placed eighth in the pursuit during her first appearance at the World Championships in 2006, and improved on this to finish seventh in 2007.
Shanks competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Individual Pursuit, where she placed 4th overall after being defeated by Lesya Kalitovska of the Ukraine in the bronze medal match. Prior to this, in defeating Sarah Hammer of the United States in her semifinal, she set a new personal best of 3:32.478 minutes.
She began her 2009 season by competing in the 2008–2009 UCI Track Cycling World Cup Classics in Beijing, she lowered her personal best once more with a time of 3:30.685 to take the gold medal. Shanks also rode the team pursuit with Kaytee Boyd and Lauren Ellis, in a time of 3:28.044, becoming the fastest qualifiers. They went on to take the gold medal in a time of 3:24.421, setting the second fastest time in the world behind the 3:22.425 world record set by Great Britain at Manchester in 2008.
Shanks then continued her great form by winning the 2009 UCI Track Cycling World Championships Individual Pursuit in Pruskow, Poland on the 25th of March in a time of 3:29.807 beating Wendy Houvenaghel of Great Britain.
At the 2010 Commonwealth Games, Shanks won a gold medal for the Cycling Track 3000m Individual Pursuit Women. She just nudged out Wendy Houvenaghel of Northern Ireland with a time of 3:30.875. She is due to race in the Cycling Road 29 km Individual Time Trial Women on Wednesday 13 October.
In 2012 she finished second at the individual pursuit at the Track Cycling World Cup in London. Then on 8 April 2012 Shanks won Gold in the Individual Pursuit at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Melbourne, Australia with a time of 3:30.199.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's team pursuit for the national team.

</doc>
