<doc id="18940658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940658" title="Anti-communism">
Anti-communism

Anti-communism is opposition to communism. Organized anti-communism developed in reaction to the rise of communism, especially after the 1917 October Revolution in Russia and reaching global dimensions during the Cold War.
Most anti-communists reject the concept of historical materialism, which is a central idea in Marxism. Anti-communists reject the Marxist belief that capitalism will be followed by socialism and communism, just as feudalism was followed by capitalism. Anti-communists question the validity of the Marxist claim that the socialist state will "wither away" when it becomes unnecessary in a true communist society.
Anti-communists argue that the repression in the early years of Bolshevik rule, while not as extreme as that during Joseph Stalin's rule, was still severe by reasonable standards, citing examples such as Felix Dzerzhinsky's secret police, which eliminated numerous political opponents by extrajudicial executions, and the brutal crushing of the Kronstadt rebellion and Tambov rebellion. Some anti-communists refer to both Communism and fascism as totalitarianism, seeing similarity between the actions of communist and fascist governments. Historian Robert Conquest has argued that Communism was responsible for tens of millions of deaths during the 20th century.
Opponents argue that communist parties that have come to power have tended to be rigidly intolerant of political opposition. Communist governments have also been accused of creating a new ruling class (a "Nomenklatura"), with powers and privileges greater than those previously enjoyed by the upper classes in the non-communist regimes.
Anti-communist movements.
Left-wing anti-communism.
Since the split of the Communist Parties from the socialist Second International to form the Communist Third International, democratic socialists and social democrats have been in conflict with Communism, criticising it for its anti-democratic nature. Examples of left-wing critics of Communist states and parties are George Orwell, Boris Souveraine, Bayard Rustin, Irving Howe and Max Shachtman.
Anarchists.
Although many anarchists describe themselves as communists, all anarchists criticize authoritarian Communist parties and states. They argue that Marxist concepts such as dictatorship of the proletariat and state ownership of the means of production are anathema to anarchism. Some anarchists criticize communism from an individualist point of view.
The anarchist Mikhail Bakunin debated with Karl Marx in the First International, arguing that the Marxist state is another form of oppression. He loathed the idea of a vanguard party ruling the masses from above. Anarchists initially participated in, and rejoiced over, the 1917 revolution as an example of workers taking power for themselves. However, after the October revolution, it became evident that the Bolsheviks and the anarchists had very different ideas. Anarchist Emma Goldman, deported from the United States to Russia in 1919, was initially enthusiastic about the revolution, but was left sorely disappointed, and began to write her book "My Disillusionment in Russia". Anarchist Peter Kropotkin, proffered trenchant criticism of the emergent Bolshevik bureaucracy in letters to Vladimir Lenin, noting in 1920: "party dictatorship is positively harmful for the building of a new socialist system. What is needed is local construction by local forces ... Russia has already become a Soviet Republic only in name." Many anarchists fought against Russian, Spanish and Greek Communists; many were killed by them, such as Lev Chernyi, Camillo Berneri and Constantinos Speras.
Capitalists.
The communist principle of redistribution of wealth acquired in capitalist accumulation is held by anti-communists to be opposed to the principle of voluntary free trade. Furthermore many capitalist theorists believe that communism interferes with the price mechanism that is only optimized in private competition. See economic calculation debate.
In the "Communist Manifesto", Marx lays out a 10-point plan advising the redistribution of land and production, and Ludwig von Mises argues that the initial and ongoing forms of redistribution constitute direct coercion. Neither Marx's 10-point plan nor the rest of the manifesto say anything about who has the right to carry out the plan. Milton Friedman argued that the absence of voluntary economic activity makes it too easy for repressive political leaders to grant themselves coercive powers. Friedman's view was also shared by Friedrich Hayek and John Maynard Keynes, both of whom believed that capitalism is vital for freedom to survive and thrive.
Many capitalist critics see a key error in communist economic theory, which predicts that in capitalist societies, the bourgeoisie will accumulate ever-increasing capital and wealth, while the lower classes become more dependent on the ruling class for survival, selling their labor power for the most minimal of salaries, blaming the effect on capitalism. Anti-communists point to the overall rise in the average standard of living in the non-communist West and claim that both the rich and poor have steadily gotten richer. Anti-communists argue that former Third World countries that have successfully escaped poverty in recent decades have done so using capitalism, most notably India and China. Anti-communists cite the Mengistu regime in Ethiopia as an example how a Communist regime in the Third World failed to achieve development or economic growth.
Objectivism.
Objectivists argue that wealth (or any other human value) is the creation of individual minds, that human nature requires motivation by personal incentive, and therefore, that only political and economic freedom are consistent with human prosperity. This is demonstrated, they believe, by the comparative prosperity of free market and socialist economies. Objectivist Ayn Rand writes that communist leaders typically claim to work for the common good, but many or all of them have been corrupt and totalitarian.
Ex-communists.
Many ex-communists have turned into anti-communists. Mikhail Gorbachev turned from a Communist into a social democrat. Milovan Đilas, was a former Yugoslav Communist official, who became a prominent dissident and critic of Communism. Leszek Kołakowski was a Polish Communist who became a famous anti-communist. He was best known for his critical analyses of Marxist thought, especially his acclaimed three-volume history, "Main Currents of Marxism", which is "considered by some to be one of the most important books on political theory of the 20th century." "The God That Failed" is a 1949 book which collects together six essays with the testimonies of a number of famous ex-Communists, who were writers and journalists. The common theme of the essays is the authors' disillusionment with and abandonment of Communism. The promotional byline to the book is ""Six famous men tell how they changed their minds about Communism."" Another notable anti-communist was Whittaker Chambers, a former Soviet Union spy who testified against his fellow spies before the House Un-American Activities Committee.
Other anti-communists who were once Marxists include the writers Max Eastman, John Dos Passos, James Burnham, Morrie Ryskind, Frank Meyer, Will Herberg, Sidney Hook, Louis Fischer, André Gide, Arthur Koestler, Ignazio Silone, Stephen Spender, Peter Hitchens, Zita Seabra and Richard Wright. Anti-communists who were once socialists, modern liberals or social democrats include: John Chamberlain, Friedrich Hayek, Raymond Moley, Norman Podhoretz and Irving Kristol.
Fascism and far-right politics.
Fascism is often considered a reaction to communist and socialist uprisings in Europe. Italian fascism, founded and led by Benito Mussolini, took power with the blessing of Italy's king after years of leftist unrest led many conservatives to fear that a communist revolution was inevitable. Historians Ian Kershaw and Joachim Fest argue that in post-World War I Germany, the Nazis were one of many nationalist and fascistic political parties contending for the leadership of Germany’s anti-communist movement, and of the German state. The Nazis claimed that communism was dangerous to the well-being of nations because of its intention to dissolve private property, its support of class conflict, its aggression against the middle class, its hostility to small businessmen, and its atheism. Nazism rejected class conflict-based socialism and economic egalitarianism, favouring instead a stratified economy with classes based on merit and talent, retaining private property, and the creation of national solidarity that transcends class distinction.
In Europe, numerous aristocrats, conservative intellectuals, capitalists and industrialists lent their support to fascist movements. During the late 1930s and the 1940s, several other anti-communist regimes and groups supported Nazism: the Falange in Spain; the Vichy regime and the Legion of French Volunteers against Bolshevism ("Wehrmacht" Infantry Regiment 638) in France; the Cliveden set, Lord Halifax, and associates of Neville Chamberlain in Britain.; and, in South America, movements such as Brazilian Integralism.
Anti-communism remained a theme in far right politics after the war. For example, in the US, Frank L. Britton, editor of "The American Nationalist" published a book, "Behind Communism", in 1952 which disseminated the myth that Communism was a Jewish conspiracy originating in Palestine.
Religions.
Buddhists.
Thích Huyền Quang was a prominent Vietnamese Buddhist monk and anti-communist dissident. In 1977, Huyền Quang wrote a letter to Prime Minister Phạm Văn Đồng detailing counts of oppression by the Communist regime. For this, he and five other senior monks were arrested and detained. In 1982, Huyền Quang was arrested and subsequently put into permanent house arrest for opposition to government policy after publicly denouncing the establishment of the state-controlled Vietnam Buddhist Church. Thích Quảng Độ is a Vietnamese Buddhist monk and anti-communist dissident. In January 2008, the Europe-based magazine "A Different View" chose Ven. Thích Quảng Độ as one of the 15 Champions of World Democracy.
Catholics.
The Catholic Church has a history of anti-communism. The most recent Catechism of the Catholic Church states: "The Catholic Church has rejected the totalitarian and atheistic ideologies associated in modern times with 'communism' or 'socialism.' … Regulating the economy solely by centralized planning perverts the basis of social bonds … reasonable regulation of the marketplace and economic initiatives, in keeping with a just hierarchy of values and a view to the common good, is to be commended."
Pope John Paul II was a harsh critic of communism, and other popes shared this view as well, for example Pope Pius IX issued a Papal encyclical, entitled "Quanta Cura", in which he called "Communism and Socialism" the most fatal error. During the Spanish Civil War, the Catholic Church opposed the left-leaning Republican forces due to their ties to communism and atrocities against Catholicism in Spain, and in many churches and schools prayers were made for the victory of Franco.
Lúcia Santos, a visionary of the Marian apparition at Fátima, Portugal was known for her anti-communist beliefs, as well as the message of Fatima in general.
From 1945 onward Australian Labor Party leadership accepted the assistance of an anti-Communist Roman Catholic movement, led by B.A. Santamaria to oppose communist subversion of Australian Trade Unions (Catholics being an important traditional support base). To oppose communist infiltration of unions Industrial Groups were formed to regain control of them. The groups were active from 1945 to 1954, with the knowledge support of ALP leadership until after Labor's loss of the 1954 election, when federal leader Dr H.V. Evatt, in the context of his response to the Petrov affair, blamed “subversive” activities of the "Groupers", for the defeat. After bitter public dispute many Groupers (including most members of the NSW and Victorian state executives and most Victorian Labor branches) were expelled from the ALP and formed the Democratic Labor Party (historical). In an attempt to force the ALP reform and remove communist influence, with a view to then rejoining the “purged” ALP, the DLP preferenced (see Australian electoral system) the Liberal Party of Australia, enabling them remain in power for over two decades. Their negative strategy failed, and after the Whitlam Labor Government during the 1970s it, the majority of the DLP decided to wind up the party in 1978, although a small Federal and State party continued based in Victoria (see Democratic Labor Party) with state parties reformed in NSW and Qld in 2008.
After the Soviet occupation of Hungary During the final stages of the Second World War, many clerics were arrested. The case of the Archbishop József Mindszenty of Esztergom, head of the Catholic Church in Hungary was the most known. He was accused of treason to the communist ideas and was sent to trials and tortured during several years between 1949 and 1956. During the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 against communism he was set free and after the failure of the movement he was forced to move to the United States' embassy on Budapest. There he lived until 1971 when the Vatican and the communist government of Hungary pacted his way out to Austria. In the following years Mindszenty travelled all over the world visiting the Hungarian colonies in Canada, United States, Germany, Austria, South Africa and Venezuela. He led a high critical campaign against the communist regime denouncing the atrocities committed by them against him and the Hungarian people. The communist government accused him and demanded that the Vatican remove him the title of Archbishop of Esztergom and forbid him to keep giving public speech about the communist torture methods and freedom privations. After a lot of political interventions, the Vatican was forced to accomplish what the sovietic regime demanded. However Mindszenty kept travelling all over the world being a real symbol of unity, cultural preservation, and hope for the Hungarian people, no matter their religion (Lutherans, Calvinists, Catholics, etc.).
Falun Gong.
In April 1999, over ten thousand Falun Gong practitioners gathered at Communist Party of China headquarters, Zhongnanhai, in a silent protest following an incident in Tianjin. Two months later the CPC banned the practice, initiated a security crackdown, and began a propaganda campaign against it. Since 1999, Falun Gong practitioners in China have been reportedly subject to torture, arbitrary imprisonment, beatings, forced labor, alleged organ harvesting, and psychiatric abuses. Falun Gong has responded with their own media campaign, and have emerged as a notable voice of dissent against the Communist Party of China, by founding organizations such as the "Epoch Times", NTDTV and others that criticize the CPC.
Muslims.
After the taming of Central Asian Muslim Khanates by the Soviet Union, Soviet-style communists did not have any large-scale interaction with Muslim populations until the 1978 Saur Revolution in Afghanistan. Before this, traditional Muslim clerics rallied against communist influences in Muslim societies, but any action beyond sermons was rare. After the declaration in Kabul of the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan, a civil war began that spiralled into the invasion of Afghanistan by the Soviet Union. This event elevated the ideology of Islamism, which was rooted in Afghanistan's anti-communist struggle, into a regional influence throughout Southwest Asia.
In Iran, many Marxists and members of communist parties were jailed, tortured or executed during and after the Islamic revolution of 1979. However, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, the former Shah, was no different in that regard. During his rule, the Shah banned communist literature, even enacting the death penalty for possession of such literature.
Literature.
Also on the left wing, Arthur Koestler — a former member of the Communist Party — explored the ethics of revolution from an anti-communist perspective in a variety of works. His trilogy of early novels testified to Koestler's growing conviction that utopian ends do not justify the means often used by revolutionary governments. These novels are: "The Gladiators" (which explores the slave uprising led by Spartacus in the Roman Empire as an allegory for the Russian Revolution), "Darkness at Noon" (based on the Moscow Trials, this was a very widely read novel that made Koestler one of the most prominent anti-communist intellectuals of the period), and "Arrival and Departure".
Whittaker Chambers — an American ex-communist who became famous for his cooperation with the House Un-American Activities Committee (HUAC), where he implicated Alger Hiss — published an influential anti-communist memoir, "Witness", in 1952.
Boris Pasternak, a Russian writer, rose to international fame after his anti-communist novel "Doctor Zhivago" was smuggled out of the Soviet Union (where it was banned) and published in the West in 1957. He received the Nobel Prize for Literature, much to the chagrin of the Soviet authorities.
Aleksandr Isayevich Solzhenitsyn was a Russian novelist, dramatist and historian. Through his writings, — particularly "The Gulag Archipelago" and "One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich", his two best-known works — he made the world aware of the Gulag, the Soviet Union's forced labor camp system. For these efforts, Solzhenitsyn was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1970, and was exiled from the Soviet Union in 1974.
Herta Müller is a Romanian-born German novelist, poet and essayist noted for her works depicting the harsh conditions of life in Communist Romania under the repressive Nicolae Ceauşescu regime, the history of the Germans in the Banat (and more broadly, Transylvania), and the persecution of Romanian ethnic Germans by Stalinist Soviet occupying forces in Romania and the Soviet-imposed Communist regime of Romania. Müller has been an internationally-known author since the early 1990s, and her works have been translated into more than 20 languages. She has received over 20 awards, including the 1994 Kleist Prize, the 1995 Aristeion Prize, the 1998 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award, the 2009 Franz Werfel Human Rights Award and the 2009 Nobel Prize in Literature.
Ayn Rand was a Russian-American 20th century writer who was an enthusiastic supporter of "laissez-faire" capitalism. She wrote "We the Living" about the effects of Communism in Russia.
Performing arts.
The Love-Girl and the Innocent (also translated "The Tenderfoot and the Tart") is a play in four acts by Russian author Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn. It is set over the course of about one week in 1945 in a Stalin-era Soviet prison camp. As in many of Solzhenitsyn's works, depicts the perceived suffering of the prisoners and their incompetent but powerful wardens. Most of the prisoners depicted in the play are serving 10 year sentences for violations of Soviet Penal Code Article 58. In this play, the author first explores the analogy of the camp system to a separate nation within the Soviet Union, an analogy which would dominate his later work, most clearly in The Gulag Archipelago.
Evasion of censorship.
Samizdat was a key form of dissident activity across the Soviet-bloc; individuals reproduced censored publications by hand and passed the documents from reader to reader, thus building a foundation for the successful resistance of the 1980s. This grassroots practice to evade officially imposed censorship was fraught with danger as harsh punishments were meted out to people caught possessing or copying censored materials. Vladimir Bukovsky defined it as follows: "I myself create it, edit it, censor it, publish it, distribute it, and get imprisoned for it."
During the Cold War, Western countries invested heavily in powerful transmitters which enabled broadcasters to be heard in the Eastern Bloc, despite attempts by authorities to jam such signals. In 1947, VOA started broadcasting in Russian with the intent to counter Soviet propaganda directed against American leaders and policies. These included Radio Free Europe (RFE)), RIAS (Berlin) the Voice of America (VOA), Deutsche Welle, Radio France International and the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC). The Soviet Union responded by attempting aggressive, electronic jamming of VOA (and some other Western) broadcasts on 1949. The BBC World Service similarly broadcast language-specific programming to countries behind the Iron Curtain.
In the People's Republic of China, people have to bypass the Chinese Internet censorship and other forms of censorship.
Anti-communism in different countries and regions.
Council of Europe and European Union.
Resolution 1481/2006 of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE), issued on January 25, 2006 during its winter session, "strongly condemns crimes of totalitarian communist regimes".
The European Parliament has proposed making 23 August a Europe-wide day of remembrance for 20th-century Nazi and communist crimes.
Albania.
In 1945, Mit'hat Frashëri compiled a political platform proposing the formation of a coalition government including, members of nationalist Legaliteti, Balli Kombëtar, and other anti-communist movements in addition to the winning communist group. Stemming was the unsuccessful Western-backed campaign of toppling the communist government through the infiltration of dissidents into the country that was made possible from the unification of the four anti-communist groups Legaliteti, Balli Kombëtar, Independents' Block, and the Kosovars' Group.
In 1946, an armed uprising took place in Postribë whereby more than a dozen participants were killed and others imprisoned. In 1973, a number of prisoners at the Spac concentration camp staged a rebellion where the non-communist flag was raised. In 1984, a similar rebellion took place at the prison of Qafë Bar.
Albania has enacted the Law on Communist Genocide with the purpose of expediting the prosecution of the violations of the basic human rights and freedoms by the former communist governments of the Socialist People's Republic of Albania. The law has also been referred to in English as the "Genocide Law" and the "Law on Communist Genocide".
Czechoslovakia.
The uprising in Plzeň was an anti-communist revolt by Czechoslovakian workers in 1953.
The Velvet Revolution or Gentle Revolution was a non-violent revolution in Czechoslovakia that saw the overthrow of the Communist government. It is seen as one of the most important of the Revolutions of 1989.
On November 17, 1989, a Friday, riot police suppressed a peaceful student demonstration in Prague. That event sparked a series of popular demonstrations from November 19 to late December. By November 20 the number of peaceful protesters assembled in Prague had swollen from 200,000 the previous day to an estimated half-million. A two-hour general strike, involving all citizens of Czechoslovakia, was held on November 27. In June 1990 Czechoslovakia held its first democratic elections since 1946.
Hong Kong.
Hong Kong has had numerous anti-communist protests, supported by political parties of the pro-democracy camp.
Memorials for the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 are held every year in Hong Kong. Tens of thousands people have attended the candlelight vigil.
Hungary.
The Hungarian Revolution of 1956 was a spontaneous nationwide revolt in favour of democracy and national independence against the Stalinist government of the People's Republic of Hungary, lasting from 23 October until 10 November 1956. The revolt began as a student demonstration which attracted thousands as it marched through central Budapest to the Parliament building. A student delegation entering the radio building in an attempt to broadcast its demands was detained. When the delegation's release was demanded by the demonstrators outside, they were fired upon by the State Security Police (ÁVH) from within the building. The news spread quickly and disorder and violence erupted throughout the capital. The revolt spread quickly across Hungary, and the government fell. After announcing a willingness to negotiate a withdrawal of Soviet forces, the Politburo of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union changed its mind and moved to crush the revolution.
Indonesia.
From 1965 to 1966, over a period of five months, an estimated 500,000 Communists were killed by the Indonesian government and allied militia.
Japan.
In 1948-1951, in the period of American occupation, a "red purge" occurred in Japan, in which over 20,000 people accused of being Communists were purged from their places of employment.
People's Republic of China.
The Chinese democracy movement is a loosely organized anti-communist movement in the People's Republic of China. The movement began during Beijing Spring in 1978 and played an important role in the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989. The 1959 Tibetan Rebellion had some anti-communist leanings. In the 1990s, the movement underwent a decline both within China and overseas; it is currently fragmented and most analysts do not consider it a serious threat to communist rule.
Charter 08 is a manifesto signed by over 303 Chinese intellectuals and human rights activists to promote political reform and democratization in the People's Republic of China.
It declares a calling for greater freedom of expression and for free elections. It was published on 10 December 2008, the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and its name is a reference to Charter 77, issued by dissidents in Czechoslovakia.
Since its release, more than 8,100 people inside and outside the PRC have signed the charter.
Poland.
Lenin saw Poland as the bridge which the Red Army would have to cross in order to assist the other communist movements and help bring about other European revolutions. Poland was the first country which successfully stopped a communist military advance. Between February 1919 and March 1921, Poland's successful defence of its independence was known as the Polish–Soviet War. According to American sociologist Alexander Gella, "the Polish victory had gained twenty years of independence not only for Poland, but at least for an entire central part of Europe."
After the German and Soviet invasion of Poland in 1939, the first Polish uprising during World War II was against the Soviets. The Czortków Uprising occurred during January 21–22, 1940, in the Soviet-occupied Podolia. Teenagers from local high schools stormed the local Red Army barracks and a prison, in order to release Polish soldiers who had been imprisoned there.
In the latter years of the war, there were increasing conflicts between Polish and Soviet partisans, and some groups continued to oppose the Soviets long after the war. Between 1944 and 1946, soldiers of the anti-communist armed groups, known as the cursed soldiers, made a series of attacks on communist prisons immediately following the end of World War II in Poland. The last of the cursed soldiers, members of the militant anti-communist resistance in Poland, was Józef Franczak, who was killed with a pistol in his hand by ZOMO in 1963.
Poznań 1956 protests were massive anti-communist protests in the People's Republic of Poland. Protesters were repressed by the regime.
The Polish 1970 protests () were anti-Comintern protests which occurred in northern Poland in December 1970. The protests were sparked by a sudden increase in the prices of food and other everyday items. As a result of the riots, brutally put down by the Polish People's Army and the Citizen's Militia, at least 42 people were killed and more than 1,000 were wounded.
Solidarity was an anti-communist trade union in a Warsaw Pact country. In the 1980s, it constituted a broad anti-communist movement. The government attempted to destroy the union during the period of martial law in the early 1980s, and several years of repression, however, in the end, it had to start negotiating with the union. The Round Table Talks between the government and the Solidarity-led opposition led to semi-free elections in 1989. By the end of August, a Solidarity-led coalition government was formed, and in December 1990, Wałęsa was elected President of Poland. Since then, it has become a more traditional trade union.
Romania.
The Romanian anti-communist resistance movement lasted between 1948 and the early 1960s. Armed resistance was the first and most structured form of resistance against the communist regime. It was not until the overthrow of Nicolae Ceauşescu in late 1989 that details about what was called “anti-communist armed resistance” were made public. It was only then that the public learned about the numerous small groups of "haiducs" who had taken refuge in the Carpathian Mountains, where some resisted for ten years against the troops of the Securitate. The last “haiduc” was killed in the mountains of Banat in 1962. The Romanian resistance was one of the longest lasting armed movement in the former Soviet bloc.
The Romanian Revolution of 1989 was a week-long series of increasingly violent riots and fighting in late December 1989 that overthrew the Government of Nicolae Ceauşescu. After a trial, Ceauşescu and his wife Elena were executed. Romania was the only Eastern Bloc country to overthrow its government violently or to execute its leaders.
Moldova.
The Moldovan anti-communist social movement emerged on April 7, 2009, in major cities of Moldova after the Party of Communists of the Republic of Moldova (PCRM) had allegedly rigged elections.
The anti-communists organized themselves using an online social network service, Twitter, hence its moniker used by the media, the Twitter Revolution or Grape revolution.
Serbia.
Serbian anti-Communist partisans fought during World War II, on the Yugoslav Front: nationalist and royalist paramilitary Chetniks conducted a guerrilla war against much the stronger Communist-led Yugoslav Partisans, the latter heavily sponsored by the Allied powers, in the last two years of war.
South America.
During the 1970s, the right-wing military juntas of South America implemented Operation Condor, a campaign of political repression involving tens of thousands of political assassinations, illegal detentions, and tortures of communist sympathizers. The campaign was aimed at eradicating alleged communist and socialist influences in their respective countries, and control opposition against the government, which resulted in a large number of deaths. Participatory governments include Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Paraguay and Uruguay, with limited support from the United States.
South Korea.
Choi ji-ryong is an outspoken anti-communist cartoonist in South Korea. His editorial cartoons have been critical of Korean Presidents Kim Dae-jung and Roh Moo Hyun.
United States.
The first major manifestation of anti-communism in the United States occurred in 1919 and 1920, during the First Red Scare, led by Attorney General Alexander Mitchell Palmer. During the Red Scare, the Lusk Committee investigated those suspected of sedition, and many laws were passed in the US that sanctioned the firings of Communists. First came the Hatch Act of 1939 which was sponsored by Carl Hatch of New Mexico. This law attempted to drive Communism out of public work places. The Hatch Act outlawed the hiring of federal workers who advocated the "overthrow of our Constitutional form of government". This phrase was specifically directed at the Communist Party. Later in the spring of 1941 another anti-communist law, Public Law 135, was passed. This law sanctioned the investigation of any federal worker suspected of being communist and the firing of any communist worker.
Following World War II and the rise of the Soviet Union, many anti-communists in the United States feared that Communism would triumph throughout the entire world and eventually be a direct threat to the US government. This fear led to the domino theory, which stated that a Communist takeover in any nation could not be tolerated because it would lead to a chain reaction that would result in worldwide Communism. There were fears that powerful Communist states such as the Soviet Union and the People's Republic of China were using their power to forcibly assimilate other countries into Communist rule. The Soviet Union's expansion into central Europe after World War II was seen as evidence of this. The US policy of halting further Communist expansion came to be known as containment. This period, up to 1957, is known as the Second Red Scare.
The deepening of the Cold War in the 1950s saw a dramatic increase in anti-communism in the United States, including the anti-communist campaign known as McCarthyism. Thousands of Americans, such as the filmmaker Charlie Chaplin, were accused of being Communists or sympathizers, and many became the subject of aggressive investigations by government committees such as the House Committee on Un-American Activities. As a result of sometimes vastly exaggerated accusations, many of the accused lost their jobs and became blacklisted, although most of these verdicts were later overturned. This was also the period of the McCarran Internal Security Act and the Julius and Ethel Rosenberg trial. After the collapse of the Soviet Union many records were made public that in fact verified that many of those thought to be falsely accused for political purposes were in fact Communist spies or sympathizers (see Venona Project).
During the 1980s, the Ronald Reagan administration pursued an aggressive policy against the Soviet Union and its allies by building up weapons programs, including the Strategic Defense Initiative. The Reagan Doctrine was implemented to reduce the influence of the Soviet Union worldwide by providing aid to anti-Soviet resistance movements, including the Contras in Nicaragua and the Mujahideens in Afghanistan. The accidental downing of Korean Air Lines Flight 007 near Moneron Island by the Soviets on Sept. 1, 1983 contributed to the anti-communism sentiment of the 1980s. KAL 007 had been carrying 269 people, including a sitting U.S. Congressman, Larry McDonald.
The US government usually argued its anti-communist policies by citing the human rights record of communist states, most notably the Soviet Union during the Joseph Stalin era, Maoist China, North Korea, and the Pol Pot-led Khmer Rouge government and the pro-Hanoi People's Republic of Kampuchea in Cambodia. During the 1980s, the Kirkpatrick Doctrine was particularly influential in American politics; it advocated US support of anti-communist governments around the world, including authoritarian regimes. In support of the Reagan Doctrine and other anti-communist foreign and defense policies, prominent U.S. and Western anti-communists warned that the U.S. needed to avoid repeating the West's perceived mistakes of appeasement of Nazi Germany.
In one of the most prominent anti-communist speeches of any U.S. President, Reagan labeled the Soviet Union an "evil empire" and anti-communist intellectuals prominently defended the label. In 1987, for instance, in commemoration of the 70th anniversary of the 1917 Bolshevik Revolution, Michael Johns of the Heritage Foundation cited 208 perceived acts of evil by the Soviets since the revolution.
Anti-communism became significantly muted after the fall of the Soviet Union and Eastern bloc Communist governments in Europe between 1989 and 1991; the fear of a worldwide Communist takeover was no longer a serious concern. Remnants of anti-communism remain, however, in US foreign policy toward Cuba and North Korea. In the case of Cuba, the US continues to maintain economic sanctions against the country. Tensions with North Korea have heightened as the result of reports that it is stockpiling nuclear weapons, and the assertion that it is willing to sell its nuclear weapons and ballistic missile technology to any group willing to pay a high enough price. Ideological restrictions on naturalization in U.S. law remain in effect, affecting prospective immigrants who were at one time members of a Communist party.
Since the September 11 attacks on the US and the subsequent political repression enacted by the Bush Administration, some communist groups in the US have faced renewed anti-communism by the government. On September 24, 2010, over 70 FBI agents simultaneously raided homes and served subpoenas to prominent antiwar and international solidarity activists thought to be members of the Freedom Road Socialist Organization (FRSO) in Minneapolis, MN, Chicago, IL, and Grand Rapids, MI, and visited and attempted to question activists in Milwaukee, WI, Durham, NC, and San Jose, CA. The search warrants and subpoenas indicated that the FBI was looking for evidence related to the "material support of terrorism". In the process of raiding an activist's home, FBI agents accidentally left behind a file of secret FBI documents showing that the raids were aimed at people who were or were suspected of being members of the FRSO (frso.org). The documents revealed a series of questions that agents would ask activists regarding their involvement in the FRSO (frso.org) and their international solidarity work related to Colombia and Palestine. Later, members of the newly formed Committee to Stop FBI Repression held a press conference in Minnesota revealing that the FBI had placed an informant inside the FRSO (frso.org) to gather information prior to the raids.
Vietnam.
In Vietnam, anti-communist movements, including those from pro-democracy and pro-human rights groups, had largely been limited before the advent of the Internet. This was due to repression of dissidents as well as the Vietnamese government's efforts in censorship and propaganda regarding foreign and domestic policies, including examination of personal mails (especially those sent from overseas), and a heavy censorship of foreign media broadcasts.
Prior to the arrival of the Internet, much of the global anti-communist activities directed towards Vietnam were religious in nature. Clerical North American and European organizations voiced concerns about religious oppressions. Of particular robustness were the organizations of Monsignor Tran Van Hoai, the first Director of the Vatican's Center of Pastoral Apostolate for Overseas Vietnamese.
In recent years, there have been many Vietnamese bloggers who, with the aid of the World Wide Web, have disseminated information critical of Ho Chi Minh and the Vietnamese government's relations with the People's Republic of China, the most controversial of which are deals struck between the two communist countries' leaders, such as territorial claims of islands in the South China Sea. These have sparked intense nationalism and led to much outrage felt even on the part of many Vietnamese themselves. The culmination of the sentiments can be seen in many recent protests held in both former North Vietnam's capital Hanoi and former South Vietnam's capital Saigon.
Frequent arrests of some democracy advocates by the government have also led to activism among many Vietnamese who demand a release of all political dissidents as well as greater clarity in their trials. Recently, there have also been protests against the government blocking access to free networking and blogging services such as Facebook, Wordpress, as well as calls for a unified effort in boycotting government sanctioned blogging services like the so-called "Yahoo! Việt Nam 360plus".
Anti-Communist organizations that are located outside Vietnam but also hold demonstrations in Vietnam are Khmers Kampuchea-Krom Federation, Viet Tan, People's Action Party of Vietnam, Government of Free Vietnam, Montagnard Foundation, Inc., Vietnamese Constitutional Monarchist League and Nationalist Party of Greater Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="18940689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940689" title="Louis-Roland Comeau">
Louis-Roland Comeau

Louis-Roland Comeau, CM (born 7 January 1941) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a professor by career.
Biography.
Education.
Comeau graduated with a Bachelor of Education degree from Dalhousie University after obtaining an engineering and science degree from Saint Mary's University. 
Political career.
He was first elected at the South Western Nova riding in the 1968 general election. After serving in the 28th Canadian Parliament, Comeau left federal office and did not campaign in the 1972 election.
After politics.
Since that time he served on various boards, chairing life insurance company Assomption Vie and air traffic control operator Nav Canada. He also chaired the Independent Review Panel on New Brunswick's Workplace Health, Safety and Compensation System from 2007 to 2008.
A library at Université Sainte-Anne bears his name, where he became chancellor in 1994. He also became chancellor of the University of Moncton in 2004.
Comeau became a Member of the Order of Canada in 2002.
Personal life.
Comeau and his wife, Clarice Theriault, have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="18940696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940696" title="Han Wenxia">
Han Wenxia

Han Wenxia (born August 23, 1976 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a female Chinese football player who competed for the national team in the 2008 Summer Olympics. Her position is that of goalkeeper.
Personal life.
His brother Han Wenhai was a goalkeeper for China men's national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="18940728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940728" title="Carl Schalk">
Carl Schalk

Dr. Carl Flentge Schalk (born 1929) is a noted Lutheran composer, author, and lecturer. Between 1965 and 2004 he taught church music at Concordia University Chicago. During this time he guided the development of the university's Master of Church Music degree, which has since graduated more than 140 students. Schalk was a member of the Inter-Lutheran Commission on Worship, which produced Lutheran Book of Worship in 1978. He was also the editor of the journal "Church Music" from 1966 to 1980. Additionally, he is a member of the Music Advisory Committee of Concordia Publishing House and of the board of directors of Lutheran Music Program, the parent organization of the Lutheran Summer Music Academy and Festival.
Schalk graduated in 1952 from Concordia University Chicago (then known as Concordia Teachers College River Forest) with a B.S. in education and proceeded to earn a M.Mus from the Eastman School of Music and an M.A.R. from Concordia Seminary in Saint Louis.
Schalk is well known for his numerous choral compositions as well as his hymn tunes and carols, which number over one hundred. He had ongoing collaborations with poets Jaroslav Vajda and Herbert Brokering, producing tunes for several of their hymn texts. Schalk's hymn tunes may be found in modern Christian hymnals of various denominations. He is also the author of several books on Lutheran music and hymnody.

</doc>
<doc id="18940737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940737" title="Maine Eastern Railroad">
Maine Eastern Railroad

Maine Eastern Railroad is a railroad that operates in coastal Maine between Brunswick and Rockland on the state-owned Rockland Branch rail line. Maine Eastern connects with the Amtrak Downeaster and Pan Am Railways at Brunswick Maine Street Station. 
The company provides freight service year-round, and passenger service seasonally between Brunswick and Rockland with former New Haven/Amtrak EMD FL-9 locomotives and stainless steel streamlined passenger cars.
Maine Eastern is the successor to Safe Handling Rail, which took over operation of the MaineDOT-owned line when the Maine Coast Railroad chose not to bid on a new contract.
Maine Eastern is a subsidiary of the Morristown & Erie Railway of New Jersey, who won the bid to operate the line in 2003. Commodities moved in freight service include cement, plate steel, and perlite.

</doc>
<doc id="18940757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940757" title="Black Memory">
Black Memory

Black Memory is a 1947 British crime film starring Michael Atkinson, Myra O'Connell and Michael Medwin and directed by Oswald Mitchell. It is most notable for the first screen appearance of Sid James, who would later go on to find fame in Ealing Comedies and the Carry on films. Also making her film acting debut in Black Memory was the Welsh-born actor, playwright, screenwriter and film director Jane Arden (director).

</doc>
<doc id="18940767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940767" title="Pass It Around (Donavon Frankenreiter album)">
Pass It Around (Donavon Frankenreiter album)

Pass It Around is the title of Donavon Frankenreiter's third album, released on August 19, 2008 (see 2008 in music).
Track listing.
Australian Special Edition Bonus Track
"Can't Go On Without You" - 4:04 (Donavon Frankenreiter)
Brazilian/European Edition Bonus Track
"Everything to Me" - 3:57 (Donavon Frankenreiter)
Japanese Edition has both bonus tracks

</doc>
<doc id="18940771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940771" title="The Threshold of a Persona">
The Threshold of a Persona

The Threshold of a Persona is a 2009 TVB television drama from Hong Kong produced by Marco Law. It was broadcast between June and July of 2009. The drama features the work of the Immigration Department of Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="18940779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940779" title="Ballets Russes (film)">
Ballets Russes (film)

Ballets Russes is an American 2005 feature documentary about the dancers of the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo. It was directed by Dayna Goldfine and Dan Geller, and featured Irina Baronova, Alicia Markova, George Zoritch, and Tatiana Riabouchinska, among others. It was narrated by Marian Seldes. It is distributed by Zeitgeist Films.
Dancers.
Dancers appearing in the film include:
Awards.
"Ballets Russes" was nominated for Best Documentary at the 2005 Gotham Awards, and winner of the Audience Award for Best Documentary at the 2005 Hamptons International Film Festival. The film came third in the Best Nonfiction Picture category at the National Society of Film Critics Awards 2005, and second in the Top Five Documentaries category at the National Board of Review Awards 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18940787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940787" title="Inferiority Complex (album)">
Inferiority Complex (album)

Inferiority Complex: Chapter 1 is the debut solo album of American hip hop artist Tha Trademarc, released April 4, 2008 on his own print of Trademarc records.
The Trademarc is well known for collaborating with cousin John Cena on his debut album "You Can't See Me" as well as on his theme song "Basic Thuganomics" and the track "Untouchables". Although once considered a duo with Cena, Cena does not make an appearance on the album. The album's only collaboration comes from longtime associate Freddie Foxx a.k.a. Bumpy Knuckles.

</doc>
<doc id="18940824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940824" title="King of Hearts (1936 film)">
King of Hearts (1936 film)

King of Hearts is a 1936 British, black-and-white, romance film directed by Oswald Mitchell and Walter Tennyson. The film features Ronald Shiner as Tomkins and Googie Withers. It was produced by Butcher's Film Service.
Synopsis.
A working-class boy falls in love with a working-class girl.

</doc>
<doc id="18940831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940831" title="Sam Cutler">
Sam Cutler

Sam Cutler (born in England, 1943) is best known as former tour manager for The Rolling Stones. In numerous magazine articles and books, Cutler has been casually demonized as an unwitting, yet primary, catalyst of the violence that took place at the 1969 Altamont Free Concert.
Early life and career.
Sam Cutler was born near London, England in 1943. He is an Honours Graduate in Contemporary History (Open University) and a qualified teacher (University of Cambridge Institute of Education 1963-66).
Cutler worked as a production supervisor, stage manager and master of ceremonies on a series of 1960s gigs in the U.K. and Europe with different artists, including Pink Floyd, Eric Clapton, The Rolling Stones, Alexis Korner, et al. In 1969, he co-ordinated and acted as master of ceremonies at The Rolling Stones concert in Hyde Park London featured in the film "Stones in the Park".
Following the Hyde Park show, Cutler was asked to be the personal tour manager to The Rolling Stones during their 1969 Tour of America, which culminated in the infamous Altamont Free Concert where a young black man brandished a gun to defend himself, due to Hell's Angels anger over his date/girlfriend, who was white. Meredith Hunter was stabbed to death in front of the stage.
Cutler is commonly credited with first uttering The Rolling Stones' famous intro line “Ladies and Gentlemen, the Greatest Rock and Roll Band in the World…The Rolling Stones!”.
Cutler can be seen in many scenes in the documentary film "Gimme Shelter" which covers the events of the 1969 American tour, and can be heard on The Rolling Stones live album "Get Yer Ya-Ya's Out!" introducing the band. He can also be seen in the film "Festival Express" and "Stones in the Park".
Throughout his rock and roll career, Cutler was responsible for organizing some of the largest rock and roll shows in history outside of Woodstock including The Rolling Stones in Hyde Park, the Grateful Dead's Europe '72 tour and the Dead's participation in the Festival Express train tour across Canada.
Altamont.
The Altamont Free Concert was planned and put together by a loose amalgamation of West Coast American bands which included the Grateful Dead, Jefferson Airplane, Crosby Stills and Nash, Santana, and others.
The Hells Angels were hired as security by The Rolling Stones, on the recommendation of the Grateful Dead, for $500 worth of beer — a story that has been denied by parties who were directly involved. According to Cutler, "the only agreement there ever was ... the Angels would make sure nobody fucked with the generators, but that was the extent of it. But there was no 'They're going to be the police force' or anything like that. That's all bollocks." Hells Angels member Sweet William recalled this exchange between Cutler and himself at a meeting prior to the concert, where Cutler had asked them to do security:
When Cutler asked how they would like to be paid, William replied, "we like beer". In the documentary "Gimme Shelter" Hells Angels Oakland chapter head Ralph 'Sonny' Barger states that the Hells Angels were not interested in policing the event, and that organizers had told him that he and his fellow Angels would be required to do little more than sit on the edge of the stage and drink beer. Other accounts also state that the initial arrangement was for the Hells Angels to watch over the equipment, but that Cutler later moved them, and their beer, near the stage to placate them or to protect the stage.
Fights broke out during performances by Jefferson Airplane (at one point lead singer Marty Balin was knocked out by a Hells Angel) and The Flying Burrito Brothers. The Grateful Dead opted not to play after learning of the incident with Balin. By the time the Stones hit the stage, the crowd was especially restless.
While The Rolling Stones were performing "Under My Thumb", a young black man named Meredith Hunter became involved in an altercation with some Hells Angels and drew a long-barreled revolver. He was stabbed five times and kicked to death during The Rolling Stones' performance; the incident, which took place near the stage, was captured on film, where Cutler can be seen whispering to Mick Jagger and Keith Richards onstage, rushing towards the mortally wounded Meredith Hunter and returning to the stage to convince the band to retreat.
The subsequent mess was blamed on The Rolling Stones—although nobody employed by The Rolling Stones was directly involved in organizing the Altamont gig until shortly before it was meant to happen. Sam Cutler arrived on the West Coast to help co-ordinate the event less than a week before it was staged.
Following the concert, The Rolling Stones left for England, leaving Cutler behind to deal with the aftermath. While his friends, the Stones, promised to "take care of him", Sam never spoke to the Stones again until many years later. He had been left practically penniless and left to deal with the mess on his own.
Cutler was eventually called to testify in court proceedings relating to the matter some time later.
Since that time, Cutler has been somewhat vindicated as various authors have recognized the role of some particularly strong, or possibly tainted LSD circulating at the event, a bad choice of venue, bad staging area design, and the role of Hells Angels "prospects", non-patch wearing Hells Angels "wannabes", rather than bona-fide, full-patch wearing Angels themselves, as contributory factors in the bad vibes and violence that consumed the day.
Rock and roll management career.
Following the events at Altamont, Cutler stayed in the U.S. to deal with the aftermath, was befriended by Jerry Garcia, and subsequently hired by the Grateful Dead as their tour manager. He went on to become a co-manager of the band (with Jon McIntire and David Parker) and eventually became their agent.
Cutler co-ordinated the Dead's appearances at a number of memorable events including: the 1970 Festival Express Tour of Canada, The Summer Jam at Watkins Glen (at 700,000+ paid admission the largest single paid admission events in rock n roll history), and the 1972 European Tour of the Grateful Dead, the musical results of which can be heard on the Dead's triple live album "Europe '72".
Through his company, Out of Town Tours, Cutler coordinated the appearances of many artists including: Grateful Dead, The Band, The Allman Brothers, The New Riders of the Purple Sage, The Sons of Champlin, Mike Bloomfield, Ramblin' Jack Elliott and others.
Later life.
In 1991, while serving as a prisoner in Spring Hill prison, Cutler set up the first ever Buddha Grove in a UK prison. He occasionally attends the annual ceremony there each September 11.
In 2006, Sam collaborated with Melbourne (Australia) indie-rock group Black Cab on the track "Valiant" which appeared on the band's 2006 release "Jesus East". In the track, Sam reminisces on his days with the Grateful Dead and preaches advice for the kids of today. Sam is currently on tour around Australia and Asia, promoting his book.

</doc>
<doc id="18940837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940837" title="1951–52 MJHL season">
1951–52 MJHL season

1951–52 Manitoba Junior Hockey League season
League Notes.
The Winnipeg Canadiens were bought and renamed the St. Boniface Canadiens.
Playoffs.
Semi-Final
Turnbull Cup Championship
Western Memorial Cup Semi-Final

</doc>
<doc id="18940841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940841" title="Yuan Fan">
Yuan Fan

Yuan Fan (born November 6, 1986 in Shanghai) is a female Chinese football player who competed for the national team in the 2008 Summer Olympics. Her position is that of defender.

</doc>
<doc id="18940858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940858" title="Crime Over London">
Crime Over London

Crime Over London is a 1936 British crime film directed by Alfred Zeisler and starring Margot Grahame, Paul Cavanagh and David Burns. It was made at Isleworth Studios, based on the novel "House of a Thousand Windows" by Ludwig von Wohl. The film's sets were designed by art director Edward Carrick.
Plot.
With the police on their tail, a gang of New York criminals decided to relocate to London where they plan a major robbery on a department store.

</doc>
<doc id="18940868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940868" title="Guy Crossman">
Guy Crossman

Guy F. Crossman (14 June 1915 – 12 June 1989) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. Born and educated in Buctouche, New Brunswick, he was a contractor by career.
He was first elected at the Kent riding in the 1962 general election, then re-elected there in the 1963 and 1965 federal elections. In the 1968 election, he won the Westmorland—Kent electoral district. After serving his final term in the 28th Canadian Parliament, Crossman left the House of Commons and did not campaign in any further federal elections.

</doc>
<doc id="18940873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940873" title="Santa Fe 3759">
Santa Fe 3759

Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway 3759 is a standard gauge 4-8-4 (four leading wheels, eight driving wheels, and four trailing wheels), Northern type, steam railway locomotive built by Baldwin in 1928. It is on display in Locomotive Park, located between Andy Devine Avenue and Beale Street in Kingman, Arizona. The park was established in August 1957 with AT&SF 3759 donated to the City of Kingman in recognition of Kingman's history with the railroad.
3759 was delivered in 1928 as a 3751 class 4-8-4 passenger locomotive. Originally a coal burning locomotive with 73-inch drivers, the fleet was converted to oil in 1936 and rebuilt between 1938 and 1941 with 80-inch drivers. Its regular passenger run was from Los Angeles to Kansas City, with Kingman as a water stop on the way back to Los Angeles. Retired in 1953, the engine had traveled over 2,585,000 miles.
In February 1955, 3759 was brought out of retirement at the request of the Railway Club of Southern California for a special excursion run, dubbed "Farewell to Steam." It ran on February 6, a round trip between Los Angeles Union Station and Barstow, California with stops in Pasadena and San Bernardino and was the last Santa Fe revenue steam train to leave Los Angeles and to traverse Cajon Pass. After this trip, 3759 went back into storage, until Santa Fe donated the locomotive to the city of Kingman in 1957.
The locomotive was added to the National Register of Historic Places as AT&SF Locomotive in 1986, reference number 86001113. In 1987 caboose 999520 was retired and donated to Kingman to be added behind 3759. 

</doc>
<doc id="18940921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940921" title="Alien Crush Returns">
Alien Crush Returns

Alien Crush Returns is a WiiWare pinball video game developed by Tamsoft and published by Hudson Soft. It is a sequel/remake to 1988's "Alien Crush", and is the fourth installment in the Crush Pinball series. It was released in Japan on August 26, 2008, in North America on November 3, 2008, and in Europe on November 7, 2008.
Overview.
In comparison to the original game, "Alien Crush Returns" features 3D graphics and controls using the Wii Remote and Nunchuk that allow functions such as tilting the table using motion sensing. In addition, the game introduces "Action Balls", pinballs with special attributes that can be used repeatedly during gameplay. Downloadable content in the form of extra stages and additional Action Balls will also be made available.
The game features a high score-based arcade mode where players can select from three tables, a six-stage story mode with gameplay goals and boss battles, as well as online versus multiplayer and leaderboards.
Reception.
IGN scored "Alien Crush Returns" a 7.8/10, calling the visual presentation impressive but noting some slight ball physics issues and that overall the game was short, with only three tables out of the box. 

</doc>
<doc id="18940924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940924" title="Neues vom Tage">
Neues vom Tage

Neues vom Tage ("News of the Day") is a comic opera ("lustige Oper") in three parts by Paul Hindemith, with a German libretto by Marcellus Schiffer.
The opera is a satire of modern life, celebrity and marriage, involving parodies of both Puccini's music and Berlin cabaret. The opera became notorious for a scene with a naked soprano (Laura) singing in the bath about the wonders of modern plumbing, though Hindemith replaced her with the tenor (Hermann) in the revised version.
The mischievous nudity particularly aroused the ire of Ernst "Putzi" Hanfstängel, Hitler’s musical advisor, and was later cited by the Nazis as evidence that the "degenerate art" of the "cultural bolshevist" Hindemith should be excluded from Germany.
Performance history.
It was first performed on 8 June 1929, at the Kroll Opera House, Berlin, under the musical direction of Otto Klemperer. Hindemith revised the opera, changing the text and adding a little new music, for the Teatro San Carlo, Naples on 7 April 1954. The United States premiere of the work was at the Santa Fe Opera in 1961.
Recordings.
Hindemith: "Neues vom Tage " - WDR Rundfunkorchester Köln

</doc>
<doc id="18940932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940932" title="W. P. Mahoney House">
W. P. Mahoney House

W. P. Mahoney House is at 155 East Walnut Street in Kingman, Arizona. The house was built in 1919-23. It is a Bungalow/Craftsman style house. Mr. Mahoney came to Arizona as an Irish immigrant, worked the western mines until 1912. He organized the first miners union. In 1914 he served in the Arizona House and 1916 Arizona Senate. He came to Kingman and became the Mohave County Sheriff, he did that from 1918–26 and he lived in the house from 1919-27. He left Kingman in 1927 and continued in public office till 1967. This house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places and the number is 86001163.

</doc>
<doc id="18941015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941015" title="AT&amp;T Building (Kingman, Arizona)">
AT&amp;T Building (Kingman, Arizona)

The AT&T Building is a historic building located at the corner of Pine and Third Streets in Kingman, Arizona. The building was built in 1930 by contractors Mead & Mount. Architects Fisher & Fisher designed the building in the Spanish Colonial Revival style. Built in a residential area, the building is still used by AT&T. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18941018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941018" title="Chino (film)">
Chino (film)

Chino (Italian: Valdez, il mezzosangue, literally "Valdez the Halfbreed") is a 1973 Italian Western film starring Charles Bronson, Jill Ireland, Marcel Bozzuffi and Vincent Van Patten. The original English language title shown at the beginning of the film was The Valdez Horses, the same title that the novel on which the movie is based. It was an Italian-Spanish-French co-production filmed in Spain, with Italian and French funding.
Plot.
Chino Valdez (Bronson) is a lonely horse breeder, whose life is thrown into turmoil when a young runaway (Van Patten) turns up at his door looking for work and, later, he falls in love with a beautiful woman (Ireland) who's brother (Bozzuffi) hates him.
Reception.
Critical response.
"Time Out" magazine said of the film, "Bronson suffers from galloping symbolism as Valdez, a wild horse-taming Mexican halfbreed representing different things to different people. Overall, he is the mustang, caught in a wild West which is being tamed and fenced in by white settlers... Despite a few dodgy moments when one really fears for Valdez' co-optability by Ireland's well-kept fragility, the film maintains its contradictory stance right through to a bitter-sweet ending. Valdez leaves, sans wife, sans house, but on his own terms, and after ensuring that if he can't tame the wild horses no one else will.

</doc>
<doc id="18941031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941031" title="Albert I, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst">
Albert I, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst

Albert I, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst (died 17 August 1316) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Zerbst. 
He was the eldest son of Siegfried I, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst, by his wife Katharina, daughter of Birger jarl and sister of Kings Waldemar and Magnus III of Sweden.
Life.
In 1290, after his father abdicated to become a preaching monk (German: ), Albert inherited the principality of Anhalt-Zerbst and the towns of Dessau and Köthen. He later obtained a part of Zerbst still controlled by the Margraves of Brandenburg as a fiefdom. In 1295, Albert was the first member of the House of Ascania who entered "Burg" Köthen.
Together with Abbot Konrad of Nienburg he abolished the use of the Wendish language in his domains in 1293. He also participated in the siege of the Schloss Herlingsberg against Henry I, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg-Grubenhagen in 1291. 
After the murder of Albert I of Habsburg in 1308 he was suggested by his brother-in-law Waldemar, Margrave of Brandenburg-Stendal, as a new German King, but had no success in obtaining this dignity.
Marriages and issue.
Albert's first marriage was to Liutgard (b. ca. 1251 - d. aft. 28 February 1289), daughter of Gerhard I, Count of Holstein-Itzehoe, and widow of John I, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg. They had two sons:
In 1300 Albert married for a second time to Agnes (d. 4 June 1330), daughter of Conrad, Margrave of Brandenburg-Stendal. Through her father she was a great-great-granddaughter of Otto I, Margrave of Brandenburg, older brother of Bernhard, Count of Anhalt, Albert's great-grandfather. They had five children:

</doc>
<doc id="18941060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941060" title="List of movies and television shows released on UMD">
List of movies and television shows released on UMD

This is a non-complete list of films and television shows released on Universal Media Disc (UMD) format for the PlayStation Portable (PSP).
W.
WWE: Monday Night Raw Homecoming
WWE: Return Of Batista
WWE: Cena Vs. Edge
WWE: Smackdown's Most Memorable Matches

</doc>
<doc id="18941064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941064" title="Jiang Shuai">
Jiang Shuai

Jiang Shuai (born June 7, 1982 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a female Chinese football player who competed for the national team in the 2008 Summer Olympics. Her position is that of defender.

</doc>
<doc id="18941074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941074" title="Kearney Public Schools">
Kearney Public Schools

Kearney Public Schools is a school district serving the area of Kearney, Nebraska, United States.
Schools.
Elementary schools:
Middle schools:
High schools:

</doc>
<doc id="18941088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941088" title="Jack Wood">
Jack Wood

Jack Wood (1924–2007) was an American television director and writer. Born in Longview, Texas, he died of heart failure in Long Beach, California, on February 18, 2007.
Awards and nominations.
Wood was nominated for ten Daytime Emmy awards in the categories Outstanding Writing for a Daytime Drama Series, Outstanding Writing in a Drama Series, and Outstanding Drama Series Writing Team, for his work on "All My Children". He was nominated from 1977 to 1988, and won twice in 1985 and 1988. His first nomination was shared with Agnes Nixon, Wisner Washam, Kiki McCabe, and Mary K. Wells, while his first win was shared with the previous minus McCabe, and including Lorraine Broderick, Victor Miller, Art Wallace, Clarice Blackburn, Susan Kirshenbaum, Elizabeth Wallace, Elizabeth Page, and Carlina Della Pietra.

</doc>
<doc id="18941095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941095" title="Efetli">
Efetli

Efetli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18941096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941096" title="Pistolerismo">
Pistolerismo

Pistolerismo (from Spanish "pistolero", gunman) refers to the practice, used by Spanish employers during Alfonso XIII’s reconstruction crisis, of hiring thugs to face syndicalists and notable workers. The workers replied in turn by hiring their own gunmen. 
In the end, "pistolerismo" caused the death of 200 workers and 20 employers’ gunmen.
"Pistolerismo" primarily affected Barcelona's urban and industrial proletariat, which was getting active and making an increasing number of strikes motivated by the Confederación Nacional del Trabajo (CNT), a Spanish anarcho-syndicalist trade union, though there were similar actions in other Spanish cities. After experiencing the CNT’s great power in Labor disputes, the employers decided to strike back through violence, and the employer-worker clash degenerated into white pistolerismo (white terrorism by the employers), replied to in turn by anarcho-syndicalist terrorism. Employers, politicians, the clergy and the forces of order on the one hand, and syndicalist leaders and lawyers were the target of these two kinds of terrorism.
The employers replied by closing several factories, dooming a lot of workers to unemployment and famine. The employers were helped by “Yellow” Trade Unions, or “Free” Trade Unions, such as the Sindicat Lliure, which provided scabs to supply the workers that were being punished. They also forced the Government to stop, by any means, the increasing role of anarcho-syndicalism in Spain. The Government chose General Martínez Anido as Civil Governor of Barcelona. He protected the white terrorism while putting down syndicalism by applying the “escaping law”, a process that consisted of telling prisoners that they had just being released, in order to execute them moments later for “attempting to escape from prison”. 
White gunmen assassinated, among many others, famous syndicalists such as Pau Sabater in 1919, Evelio Boal in 1921, Salvador Seguí “El Noi del Sucre”, Francesc Comes in 1923, and lawyers such as Francesc Layret in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="18941106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941106" title="Park Plaza 605">
Park Plaza 605

Park Plaza 605 is a 1953 British crime film. A B movie, it starred Tom Conway, Eva Bartok and Sid James. It was based on the "Norman Conquest" series of novels by Berkeley Gray, the film sees a private investigator summoned to room 605 of the Park Plaza Hotel to meet a mysterious foreign blonde woman, and soon finds himself embroiled in a murder investigation.

</doc>
<doc id="18941119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941119" title="Lysva River">
Lysva River

Lysva () is a river in Perm Krai, Russia. It is a left tributary of the Chusovaya, and is long, with a drainage basin of . By the river lies the town of Lysva.

</doc>
<doc id="18941128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941128" title="Go Hard">
Go Hard

"Go Hard" is the second single from DJ Khaled's third studio album, "We Global".
The track features American hip hop artist Kanye West and R&B singer T-Pain. They both used the auto-tune effect. The song is produced by The Runners and it samples the 1984 single "Angel" by Madonna. It first charted on the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip Hop chart on September 9, 2008, debuting at #25, where it peaked at #15, and has started chart on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs debuting at #85 and then rising to #53 so far. It also debuted at #69 on the Billboard Hot 100 the same week the album "We Global" was released due to digital downloads, also at #19 on the Hot Rap Tracks.
"Go Hard" is featured in the 2009 video game expansion pack, "", and can be found on the in-game radio station The Beat 102.7.
Music video.
The official video (directed by Hype Williams) was released on November 7. The low budget music video features cameos from Ace Hood (Wearing a shirt promoting his new album, Gutta), Rick Ross, Tyson Beckford, Tay Dizm and DJ Clue among others. DJ Khaled and T-Pain shot this video and the video for T-Pain's song "Karaoke" on the same day.
Remixes & Freestyles.
The official remix features a verse by Jay-Z replacing Kanye West's first verse, T-Pain's chorus and Kanye West's 2nd verse from the original are used and a new intro & outro by Khaled, it was released on the internet on December 28, 2008. The remix is included in the deluxe edition of Jay-Z's compilation album "". Chamillionaire has released a freestyle of this song called "Keep Hatin'" for his mixtape, "Mixtape Messiah 5". There is a remix that keeps Kanye West's verses and T-Pain's chorus and adds a Twista verse. There is also a remix with Dipset rapper Juelz Santana. Nicki Minaj made a freestyle to the song on her mixtape, "Beam Me Up Scotty" 

</doc>
<doc id="18941139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941139" title="Ehen">
Ehen

Ehen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18941145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941145" title="1890 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1890 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1890 Ohio State Buckeyes football team was the first football team fielded by Ohio State University. They won their first game against Ohio Wesleyan on May 3, however lost the final three games, including a 64-0 home defeat to Wooster.
Coach.
The team was coached by Alexander S. Lilley and played their home games at Recreation Park. The captains of the 1890 team were Paul Lincoln and Jesse Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="18941151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941151" title="Traveling wave reactor">
Traveling wave reactor

A traveling-wave reactor (TWR) is a type of nuclear reactor that nuclear engineers anticipate can convert fertile material into usable fuel through nuclear transmutation in tandem with the burnup of fissile material. TWRs differ from other kinds of fast-neutron and breeder reactors in their ability to use fuel efficiently without uranium enrichment or reprocessing, instead directly using depleted uranium, natural uranium, thorium, spent fuel removed from light water reactors, or some combination of these materials.
The name refers to the fact that fission does not occur throughout the entire TWR core, but remains confined to a boundary zone that slowly advances through the core over time. TWRs could theoretically run, self-sustained, for decades without refueling or removing any spent fuel from the reactor.
History.
Traveling-wave reactors were first proposed in the 1950s and have been studied intermittently since that time. The concept of a reactor that could breed its own fuel inside the reactor core was initially proposed and studied in 1958 by Saveli Feinberg, who called it a "breed-and-burn" reactor. Michael Driscoll published further research on the concept in 1979, as did Lev Feoktistov in 1988, Edward Teller/Lowell Wood in 1995, Hugo van Dam in 2000, and Hiroshi Sekimoto in 2001.
Since 2001, the Travelling wave reactor was systematically discussed in INES 1, in 2004, INES-2 in 2006 and INES 3 in 2010 meetings in Japan, and was called "CANDLE" Reactor an abbreviation from Constant Axial shape of Neutron flux, nuclides densities and power shape During Life of Energy production reactor, as proposed by Sekimoto in 2001 and 2005, published in Progress in Nuclear Energy.
In 2010 Popa-Simil publishes in INES-3 proceeding the paper "advanced Nuclear Reactor from Fiction to Reality", where he discuses the case of micho-hetero-structures improved Travelling Wave Reactor, further detailed in Plutonium Futures meeting,in 2010 the paper "Plutonium Breeding In Micro-Hetero Structures Enhances the Fuel Cycle", describing a TWR with deep burnout enhanced by plutonium fuel channels, and multiple fuel flow.
In 2010 a group from Terra Power applies for the patent EP 2324480 A1 following WO2010019199A1 "Heat pipe nuclear fission deflagration wave reactor cooling" where in order to be accepted calls the traveling or singular wave "deflagration" as is mooving with about 1-4 inch per year, and introduces the heat pipe cooling already applied in space reactors built at LANL and INL since 2000, or even earlier, using the flaws and weaknesses of USPTO.
No TWR has yet been constructed, but in 2006, Intellectual Ventures launched a subsidiary named TerraPower, LLC to model and commercialize a working design of such a reactor, which has since come to be called a "traveling-wave reactor". TerraPower has developed TWR designs for low- to medium- (300 MWe) as well as high-power (~1000 MWe) generation facilities. Bill Gates featured TerraPower in his 2010 TED talk.
Reactor physics.
Papers and presentations on the TerraPower TWR describe a pool-type reactor cooled by liquid sodium. The reactor is fueled primarily by depleted uranium-238 "fertile fuel", but requires a small amount of enriched uranium-235 or other "fissile fuel" to initiate fission. Some of the fast-spectrum neutrons produced by fission are absorbed by neutron capture in adjacent fertile fuel (i.e. the non-fissile depleted uranium), which is "bred" into plutonium by the nuclear reaction:
Initially, the core is loaded with fertile material, with a few rods of fissile fuel concentrated in the central region. After the reactor is started, four zones form within the core: the depleted zone, which contains mostly fission products and leftover fuel; the fission zone, where fission of bred fuel takes place; the breeding zone, where fissile material is created by neutron capture; and the fresh zone, which contains unreacted fertile material. The energy-generating fission zone steadily advances through the core, effectively consuming fertile material in front of it and leaving spent fuel behind. Meanwhile, the heat released by fission is absorbed by the molten sodium and subsequently transferred into a closed-cycle aqueous loop, where electric power is generated by steam turbines.
Fuel.
Unlike light-water reactors (LWRs), TWRs use only a small amount (~10%) of enriched uranium-235 or other fissile fuel to initiate the nuclear reaction. The remainder of the fuel consists of natural or depleted uranium-238, which can generate power continuously for 40 years or more and remains sealed in the reactor vessel during that time. TWRs require substantially less fuel per kilowatt-hour of electricity than do LWRs, owing to TWRs' higher fuel burnup, energy density and thermal efficiency. A TWR also accomplishes most of its reprocessing "on the fly" within the reactor core. Spent fuel can subsequently be recycled after simple "melt refining", without the chemical separation of plutonium that is required by other kinds of breeder reactors. These features greatly reduce fuel and waste volumes while enhancing proliferation resistance.
Depleted uranium is widely available as a feedstock. Stockpiles in the United States currently contain approximately 700,000 metric tons of depleted uranium, which is left as a byproduct of the enrichment process. TerraPower has estimated that the Paducah enrichment facility stockpile alone represents an energy resource equivalent to $100 trillion worth of electricity. TerraPower has also estimated that wide deployment of TWRs could enable projected global stockpiles of depleted uranium to sustain 80% of the world's population at U.S. per capita energy usages for over a millennium.
In principle, TWRs are capable of burning spent fuel from LWRs, which is currently discarded as radioactive waste. Spent LWR fuel is mostly depleted uranium and, in a TWR fast-neutron spectrum, the neutron absorption cross-section of fission products is several orders of magnitude smaller than in a LWR thermal-neutron spectrum. While such an approach could actually bring about an overall reduction in nuclear waste stockpiles, additional technical development would be required to realize this capability.
TWRs are also capable, in principle, of reusing their own fuel. In any given cycle of operation, only 20–35% of the fuel gets converted to an unusable form; the remaining metal constitutes usable fissile material. Recast and reclad into new driver pellets without chemical separations, this recycled fuel can be used to initiate fission in subsequent cycles of operation, thus displacing the need to enrich uranium altogether.
Traveling wave vs. standing wave.
The breed-burn wave in TerraPower's TWR design does not move from one end of the reactor to the other but gradually from the inside out. Moreover, as the fuel's composition changes through nuclear transmutation, fuel rods are continually reshuffled within the core to optimize the neutron flux and fuel usage at any given point in time. Thus, instead of letting the wave propagate through the fuel, the fuel itself is moved through a largely stationary burn wave. This is contrary to many media reports, which have popularized the concept as a candle-like reactor with a burn region that moves down a stick of fuel. By replacing a static core configuration with an actively managed "standing wave" or "soliton", however, TerraPower's design avoids the problem of cooling a highly variable burn region. Under this scenario, the reconfiguration of fuel rods is accomplished remotely by robotic devices; the containment vessel remains closed during the procedure, and there is no associated downtime.
Concept criticism.
Kirk Sorensen of Flibe Energy has criticized the TWR as "a particularly difficult implementation" of the fast breeder reactor, which he characterizes as "already hard to build in the first place." As well, he has emphasized the enormous difficulties and risks associated with the eventual nuclear decommissioning of a TWR reactor. Dr. Robert Hargraves, who is on the Flibe Energy Board of Advisors, lauded the goal of addressing energy poverty globally with the TWR, but briefly highlighted that its projected cost of energy production, "competitive with nuclear power", wasn't as low as fossil fuels (e.g. coal).

</doc>
<doc id="18941163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941163" title="Showsec">
Showsec

Showsec is a United Kingdom based supplier of crowd management and security services. It is part of the International Crowd Management and Security Group, with its sister organisation, The Security Company, being based in the Netherlands.
Company profile.
Showsec in the UK operates out of eleven regional offices, with its head office being based in Leicester. With over 3,500 members of staff currently on its books, Showsec is the largest supplier of crowd management solutions in Europe. Recently, Showsec has been a major supplier of staff to large scale events such as Download Festival, Creamfields, and Hyde Park.
The company's main activity is that of venue crowd management. With contracts throughout the UK at venues such as Earls Court Exhibition Centre, the Manchester Evening News Arena and London's Roundhouse, Showsec hold a considerable share of the market. All staff are trained to receive level 2 training in a modular format in stewarding upon joining the company, and experienced staff can undertake further training, such as pit and supervisor training.
Showsec was involved in the controversial Body Worlds 4 exhibition in Manchester by anatomist Dr Gunther von Hagens where they supplied security solutions for the entirety of the exhibit.
Criticism.
Like every other security and crowd management company Showsec has come under fire in the past for being too heavy-handed. The managing director, Mark Harding, responded to these allegations in an interview on the Safe Concerts website.

</doc>
<doc id="18941204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941204" title="1950–51 MJHL season">
1950–51 MJHL season

The 1950-51 Manitoba Junior Hockey League season saw the Winnipeg Monarchs win the league championship.
Playoffs.
Semi-Final
Turnbull Cup Championship
Western Memorial Cup Semi-Final
Western Memorial Cup Final (Abbott Cup)
Memorial Cup Championship

</doc>
<doc id="18941206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941206" title="Northwest Crossroads Conference (IHSAA)">
Northwest Crossroads Conference (IHSAA)

The Northwest Crossroads Conference is a seven-member IHSAA-sanctioned athletic conference. Six of the seven institutions are in Lake County, while the seventh, Kankakee Valley, is in neighboring Jasper County. This conference was created in 2007, following the disbandment of the Lake Athletic Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="18941209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941209" title="Index of Jordan-related articles">
Index of Jordan-related articles

Articles (arranged alphabetically) related to Jordan include:

</doc>
<doc id="18941229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941229" title="Windows Live Video Messages">
Windows Live Video Messages

Windows Live Video Messages was a Windows Live service by Microsoft. It combined digital video with e-mail into a service that allows all webcam users to create, send, and receive video messages to anyone in their Windows Live Contacts list, even when they are offline. The service also provided a Windows Sidebar gadget for Microsoft LifeCam users that allows them to access their top six contacts and essential Video Messages features directly from their desktop.
Windows Live Video Messages was discontinued on July 21, 2010. The functionalities of Windows Live Video Messages was replaced by the Windows Live Messenger Wave 4 release.
History.
Windows Live Video Messages was officially released to public on September 9, 2008. On April 28, 2009, Windows Live Video Messages was updated featuring the new Windows Live "Wave 3" theme and various minor updates and bug fixes. On May 22, 2010, Microsoft announced that Windows Live Video Messages would be discontinued on July 21, 2010. The functionalities of Windows Live Video Messages was replaced by the Windows Live Messenger Wave 4 release.
Features.
With Windows Live Video Messages, recipients don't have to download video files onto their computer and play them locally. The service utilizes Microsoft Silverlight 2.0 to stream videos uploaded to and stored on the website by other users. Users are given 4GB of storage space for their video messages and each video message can be up to two minutes.
Users are required to have a Windows Live ID to record, send, manage, or view multiple video messages. However, the viewing of a single video does not require signing into Windows Live ID. Users who have signed into their Windows Live ID account are able to access and view their Windows Live Contacts and directly send video messages to up to 7 recipients. Users are able to control who gets to see their videos by locking or unlocking the messages they had sent. Only unlocked messages can be forwarded or saved by recipients of their video messages. Users are also able to reply to and forward their received video messages, similar to how e-mail functions. The service also supports users to save their video messages directly onto their computer.
If the user is using a Microsoft LifeCam and Windows Vista, they may also use the Microsoft LifeCam Video Messages Sidebar gadget to record, send, forward, and watch video messages directly from their desktop.

</doc>
<doc id="18941237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941237" title="Cosmas Zachos">
Cosmas Zachos

Cosmas K. Zachos (; born 1951, Athens) is a theoretical physicist. He was educated in physics (undergraduate A.B. 1974) at Princeton University, and did graduate work in theoretical physics at the California Institute of Technology (Ph.D. 1979) under the supervision of John Henry Schwarz. 
Zachos is a staff member in the theory group of the High Energy Physics Division of Argonne National Laboratory. He is considered an authority on the subject of phase-space quantization. His early research involved, jointly, the introduction of renormalization Geometrostasis, and the so-called FFZ Lie algebra of Noncommutative geometry. His thesis work revealed a balancing repulsive gravitational force present in Extended Supergravity. 
He is co-author of treatises on quantum mechanics in phase space,
a Fellow of the American Physical Society, and a Fellow of the Institute of Physics.
He is the brother of theoretical computer scientist Stathis Zachos.

</doc>
<doc id="18941241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941241" title="Richard Wiley">
Richard Wiley

Richard Wiley (born on November 19, 1944) is an American novelist and short story writer whose first novel, "Soldiers in Hiding" won the 1987 PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction. He has published five other novels and a number of short stories (see "Works" below).
Wiley holds a B.A. from the University of Puget Sound and an M.A. from Sophia University in Tokyo; he earned his MFA in creative writing from the Iowa Writers' Workshop, where he studied under John Irving. Since 1989 he has been a professor of English at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
He was inducted into the Nevada Writers Hall of Fame in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18941245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941245" title="Alliance of Concerned Jewish Canadians">
Alliance of Concerned Jewish Canadians

The Alliance of Concerned Jewish Canadians (ACJC) was formed in 2005 as a coalition of Canadian Jews who are critical of the policies of the Israeli government, particularly toward the Palestinians. The ACJC argues that Israel has wrongly "claim to speak in the name of Jewish people around the world," and that "those of us who have a different vision" should "come forward publicly to present our views to the Canadian Jewish community and to the people of Canada." 
History.
In June 2006, the ACJC defended the Canadian Union of Public Employees (CUPE) resolution for a boycott of Israel in disagreement with the condemnation of the trade union by the Canadian Jewish Congress, an umbrella group of various Jewish organizations. CUPE Ontario president Sid Ryan has cited the ACJC's support while defending his union against charges of anti-Semitism. 
The ACJC attempted to affiliate with the Canadian Jewish Congress in 2006-07. Its application was initially rejected in August 2006, with the ACJC's defence of the CUPE resolution on Israel being cited as a reason although the ACJC did not identify with the entire contents of the CUPE resolution. Josh Rotblatt, CJC's director of operations, wrote that "no member organization of CJC can support an economic boycott of the state of Israel, not to mention approving wording which describes the nature of the Israeli state as 'apartheid.' " The decision was reviewed at a subsequent meeting of the CJC's national officers, as the result of an appeal by law professor Michael Mandel acting on behalf of the ACJC. The CJC once again refused to accept the ACJC's application. 
In response to the group's exclusion, ACJC Administrative Secretary Abraham Weizfeld said that the CJC had become dominated by sectarian forces, adding that the "CJC's refusal to include all tendencies in the Jewish community should be seen as a futile attempt to marginalize growing Jewish opposition to Israel's behaviour and to the exclusive character of the Israel State". Weizfeld also criticized the CJC's June 2007 decision to discontinue the practice of holding direct elections for its Board of Directors. He noted that 25% of the Board's seats are now reserved for the Canadian Council for Israel and Jewish Advocacy, which he described as providing "unquestioning support to Israel, regardless of what it does".
In his article announcing the formation of Independent Jewish Voices, a group of prominent British Jews in disagreement with the Jewish community leadership's position on Israel, Brian Klug referred to the ACJC as one of several similar Jewish groups internationally "who are confronted with the same climate are taking similar steps to make their voices heard."
The ACJC supports international law, opposes all forms or racism (including anti-Semitism and Islamophobia), and desires to counter the view that any criticism of Israel's government and military policies is automatically racist. Specifically, the ACJC opposes Israeli occupation of the West Bank and Gaza which commensed in 1967. [http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/July2007/03/c3437.html] The Principles adopted at the ACJC conference support the view that: 
"There is no justification for any form of racism, including anti-Semitism, anti-Arab racism or Islamophobia, in any circumstance. The battle against anti-Semitism is vital, and it is undermined whenever opposition to Israeli government policies is automatically branded as anti-Semitic." [http://www.canpalnet-ottawa.org/ACJC_Statement.html]
ACJC's founding general principles were:
1. Like Jews everywhere, we, too, are greatly concerned about Israel and the direction it has taken, especially in recent years, but we are also concerned with how the Israel-Palestine conflict is impacting on Jews in Canada.
2. We believe that Israel has a right to exist within the pre-1967 borders, but it should evacuate the Occupied Territories in order to permit the Palestinians to establish a viable, independent, democratic, and just society that can live in peace and harmony with a rejuvenated Israel.
3. We believe that Israeli Jews must learn to live in peaceful and co-operative co-existence with the Palestinians. We will, accordingly, promote groups and programs that support such goals as well as the principle of reconciliation among Jews, Muslims, and Christians.
4. We believe that the Government of Canada should give strong support to the UN and its resolutions and follow an even-handed policy in respect to the Middle East conflict.
5. Our members believe in the future of Jewish communities based in Canada, organized by Canadian Jews, and working in our interests. Though Israel will always be an important concern for us, we do not necessarily approve of all the policies undertaken by Israel. Indeed, we believe that Canadian Jews must be free to state any differences they have with the Israeli government.
6. The ACJC wishes to reclaim the Canadian-Jewish heritage of sympathy to and affiliation with progressive causes.
National Conference.
The ACJC organized a national Independent Jewish Canadians Conference on March 28-30, 2008 with Naomi Klein as its keynote speaker [http://youtube.com/watch?v=NS0lVVpXjn0]. Following a conference, as a result of a split with ACJC co-founder Eibie Weizfeld, a number of people left ACJC and joined with various non-ACJC members to form Independent Jewish Voices (Canada). Weizfeld and his supporters continued as ACJC.
ACJC Criticism of B'Nai Brith Canada on Security Certificates.
In 2007, the ACJC sharply criticized Bnai Brith Canada for supporting "security certificates," which are used by the Canadian Federal Government to detain and deport non-citizens without warrants or criminal procedures. Diana Ralph stated that "These days, B’nai Brith seizes every opportunity to come down firmly in opposition to fundamental human rights principles.” The ACJC press release, posted on Canadian Dimension, stated that "It is ironic that B’Nai Brith should defend a law so similar to those Nazis employed against Jews in the name of national security. Hermann Goering’s testimony at the Nuremberg war crime trials eerily echoes B’Nai Brith’s stand on security certificates."
Support for Norman Finkelstein.
In 2007, Weizfeld, as Administrative Secretary of ACJC, protested the controversial denial of tenure by DePaul University to pro-Palestinian professor Norman Finkelstein. In an email to the President of DePaul, Weizfeld wrote that "Your university has lost a world-class scholar and a much admired teacher in a tenure process tainted by external pressures aiming to shut down academic discussion." The alliance praised Finkelstein, who they stated "distinguished himself as a careful scholar who has, through his widely read and appreciated books, documented and raised important issues regarding Israeli governments’ violations of human rights and humanitarian law in Israel and Palestine. We regard this as a service in the cause of creating understanding of human rights issues and promoting the ideas of peace and justice."[http://www.normanfinkelstein.com/article.php?pg=11&ar=1231]

</doc>
<doc id="18941248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941248" title="Ōasahiko Shrine">
Ōasahiko Shrine

Enshrined "kami".
It is believed that in the era of Emperor Jimmu, Ame-no-Tomi-no-Mikoto came to the Awa region (an ancient region that encompassed most of present-day Tokushima Prefecture) seeking fertilized land to sow hemp seeds. The planted seeds were then cultivated by the area's population so they could produce linen called asa, which formed the base of the area's industry. Because of the impact he had on furthering the welfare of Japan, Ōasahiko Shrine was dedicated in the area to worship him as a "kami" named Oasahiko-no-Okami. 
The secondary "kami" enshrined at Ōasahiko is Sarutahiko-no-Okami. He is depicted as standing at the junction of heaven and earth to guide the grandchildren of Amaterasu, the Imperial Family and the founders of the human race to earth. He is primarily known for greeting and guiding Ninigi-no-Mikoto, grandson of Amaterasu, to earth. After his various achievements, he was enshrined at Ōasahiko Shrine along with Oasahiko-no-Okami.
History.
The exact year of the foundation of Ōasahiko Shrine is unknown. The earliest documentation of the shrine, however, is found in the "Engishiki", written in 927. The book, a compendium of governmental rules and procedures, lists the shrine in its list of 2,861 shrines that received offerings from the court at the annual spring festival, "Kinensai".
Since the shrine's listing in the "Engishiki," it became a principal area for worship for both the Tokushima area and Awaji Island. Ōasahiko continued to improve its shrine rating until it was awarded the 1st grade in 1719. In 1873, it achieved the ranked of "Kokuhei Chūsha," a mid-sized shrine supported by the provincial government. As such, in 1890 all of the shrine's facilities were rebuilt and others were added, all paid for by the local government. Later, the current "honden", "haiden" and the "gaihaiden" were rebuilt from the donations of worshipers. Since then, Ōasahiko Shrine has lost most of its national importance, but remains today as an important place of worship in the Tokushima area.
Features.
In addition to the traditional Shinto shrine structures—-such as the "honden" and "haiden"—located on the shrine premises, there are also a variety of other distinguishing featured located around the shrine.
Marking the start of an 800-meter-long (2,625 ft) road leading directly to the shrine's "haiden" is a large, orange "torii". By using reinforced concrete and steel, this "torii" was first constructed in 1958 and had a height of and a width of . Because of its deteriorated state, it was reconstructed in 2002 using metal tubing. The access road which follows is lined with dozens of stone tōrō donated by shrine parishioners in 2004-05.
In the center of the shrine grounds is a 1000-year-old camphor tree known as . This revered tree's main trunk has a circumference of and a maximum height of .
Behind the main portion of the shrine grounds to the northeast is the . From April 1917 to December 1919, about 953 German and Austro-Hungarian soldiers were imprisoned at the nearby Bandō Prisoner of War camp. This stone bridge was built by these POWs who were held captive at the camp during World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="18941256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941256" title="2008–09 Anorthosis Famagusta F.C. season">
2008–09 Anorthosis Famagusta F.C. season

The 2008–09 season (started 19 June 2008) is Anorthosis' 60th consecutive season in the Cypriot First Division. The team finished 1st in the league in the previous season so it will represent Cyprus in the Champions League. The first training session for the season took take place at the training ground at Antonis Papadopoulos Stadium on June 18, 2008.
On August 27, 2008, they became the first Cypriot football club to reach the group stages of the Champions League, defeating Olympiacos FC of Greece in the third qualifying round.
On December, 2008 Andreas Panteli, the chairman of the company since 2004, resigned and he was replaced by Chris Georgiades. Manager Temuri Ketsbaia left the club by mutual consent on April, 2009 and was replaced by Michalis Pamboris as caretaker.
Current squad.
"Last Update: 14 February 2009"
Transfers.
Summer.
In
Out
Winter.
In:
Out:
Foreign players.
Teams in the Cypriot First Division can register up to eighteen non-EU nationals and players with European ancestry. 
Competitions.
Marfin Laiki League.
Playoffs Table.
The first 12 teams are divided into 3 groups. Points are carried over from the first round.
Matches.
Pre-season and friendlies.
Anorthosis left on 25 June for Amsterdam, Netherlands and Golden Tulip Victoria athletic centre to perform most of their pre-season training. The team returned on
9 July. While in Netherlands Anorthosis played four friendly matches.
LTV Super Cup.
"Time at EET"
Regular season.
"Time at EET"
Cypriot Cup.
"All times at EET
UEFA Champions League 2008–09.
"Time at CET"

</doc>
<doc id="18941261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941261" title="Zhou Gaoping">
Zhou Gaoping

Zhou Gaoping (born October 20, 1986 in Taizhou, Jiangsu) is a female Chinese football player who competed for the national team in the 2008 Summer Olympics. Her position is that of defender.

</doc>
<doc id="18941274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941274" title="Efioanwan Ekpo">
Efioanwan Ekpo

Efioanwan Ekpo (born 25 January 1984) is a Nigerian female footballer. A member of the Nigeria women's national football team, Ekpo competed at the 2003 World Cup, 2004 Summer Olympics, 2006 African Championship, 2007 World Cup and 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18941297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941297" title="Calling Out">
Calling Out

Calling Out is the fourth album by Canadian indie rock band FemBots, released on September 16, 2008 with Weewerk.
The album was originally intended to use only junk instruments created out of garbage by guest musician Iner Souster. However, the band reportedly found the instruments were not sufficiently reliable to form the basis of the entire album, and instead added some conventional instrumentation while retaining the junk instruments on the songs' rhythm tracks.
In addition to Souster and the FemBots, the album also features Nathan Lawr and Christine Fellows.

</doc>
<doc id="18941303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941303" title="Fiona Mollison">
Fiona Mollison

Fiona Mollison (born 9 January 1954
Her father managed a rubber company in British Malaya, and sent Fiona to England to a boarding school. She attended Bush Davies School of Theatre Arts to learn ballet, but then switched to Central School of Speech and Drama to studying acting instead.
Early in her career she appeared in 22 episodes of "Strangers" as WDC Vanessa Bennett. In 2000–2001 she played Victoria Hutchinson on the soap opera Hollyoaks.
Mollison also has appeared on episodes of "Lytton's Diary" (as Catherine Lytton), "On the Up" (as Jane Webster), "As Time Goes By" (as Sally Curtis), "Hollyoaks", "Hazell", "Boon", "Minder", "The Bill",
"Inspector Morse" (in "Last Seen Wearing"), "Trial & Retribution" (in "Siren"), and "Midsomer Murders".
Family.
Mollison is married to the director David Gilmore. She met Gilmore when she got a part in a play he was directing, "Move Over Mrs Markham", where she played the au-pair. They have three sons, Charles, George and Edward, and live in Wimbledon, London, England. They also have a house in France, and she enjoys yoga and interior design in her spare time.

</doc>
<doc id="18941305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941305" title="Next to No Time">
Next to No Time

Next to No Time is a 1958 British comedy starring Kenneth More, Betsy Drake, John Laurie, Sid James and Irene Handl. It was written and directed by Henry Cornelius and was based on Paul Gallico's short story "The Enchanted Hour".
Plot.
A mild-mannered British planning engineer is sent across the Atlantic by his firm to negotiate a deal for which he feels hugely out of his depth. He finds however, that his personality changes in synchronization with a clock.

</doc>
<doc id="18941359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941359" title="Northwestern Conference (IHSAA)">
Northwestern Conference (IHSAA)

A three-member IHSAA-sanctioned athletic conference involving schools from Gary, Indiana; disbanded in 2012.
History.
The conference was formed in 1963, after the West Division of the Northern Indiana Conference split. At this time, the conference encompassed most of the schools in Gary (except for Edison, Roosevelt, and Wirt; Edison would close in 1968, the other two would join later), Hammond (except for Gavit and Morton, who would join in 1966), and East Chicago schools, as well as the schools from Valparaiso and Whiting.
The conference expanded to 16 schools in 1966, adding Hobart High School, as well as Gary Roosevelt, Hammond Gavit and Hammond Morton. The expansion moved the conference into divisions: the East Division consisted of the Gary schools, Hobart, and Valparaiso, the West Division consisting of the East Chicago, Hammond, and Whiting schools.
The conference changed its name to the Gary City Series in 1968, as Hobart and Valparaiso became independent, with the rest of the non-Gary schools formed the Indiana Lake Shore Conference. These schools would be replaced by parochial school Andrean, and the new Gary West Side. The next year, Gary Froebel and Tolleston closed, and the conference reverted to the Northwestern Conference moniker. Wirt would join in 1970 from the old Calumet Conference, and Andrean left to be independent in 1975.
The conference membership decreased over the years as schools closed (Emerson in 1981, Mann in 2004, and Wirt in 2009), leaving the number of schools at three. When Gary Roosevelt was taken over by the state of Indiana and placed under the direction of a private contractor, the other members elected to disband the conference in the fall of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18941364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941364" title="Krisalis Software">
Krisalis Software

Krisalis Software Ltd. was a video game developer and publisher founded by Tony Kavanagh, Peter Harrap, and Shaun Hollingworth in 1987 under the name "Teque Software". The company was restructured in April 2001 with a new management team of Tony Kavanagh, Tim James and Simeon Pashley and reused the original name of Teque Software development.
Overall, Krisalis software worked on over 60 different computer and console games before permanently closing on November 30, 2001. Their final game development was a port of "The F.A. Premier League Stars 2001" for the Game Boy Color (released on June 8, 2001).
History.
The Krisalis name was originally used as a subsidiary label (beginning in 1988) under Teque software until the official company name was changed to "Krisalis Software Ltd." in 1991. Originally, the name was intended to be "Chrysalis Software Ltd.", but a dispute with record company Chrysalis Records resulted in a minor spelling change.

</doc>
<doc id="18941371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941371" title="Deeba">
Deeba

Deeba () is a Pakistani film actress. Her real name is Raheela. She was one of the leading film actresses during the 1960s and 1970s, well known for her romantic and tragic roles in Urdu and Punjabi films. She started her career as an actress in "Charagh jalta raha". Her performances in several films, such as "Milan" (1964), "Aina" (1966), "Payal ki jhankar" (1966), "Sangdil" (1968), "Dard" (1969), "Sajna door diya" (1970), "Neend hamarey khuwab tumharey" (1971), "Ansoo" (1971) and "Perdes" (1972), have won critical acclaim. She received a Nigar Best Actress award for the Punjabi film "Sajna door diya" in 1970. Her smiling face and innocent look have given rise to the description "Pakistani Mona Lisa"
Deeba married camera man Naeem Rizvi in 1971 and left silver-screen for 10 years. However, financial hardships made her join film industry again in 1987 as character actress. It was on TV where she appeared on the longest run Geo TV SOP, Tere Pehlu Mein as Dadi of Sarosh , Jabran Shahid, Laiba, Sara Chaudhry, and Rachel Gill.

</doc>
<doc id="18941382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941382" title="Cinc Camins">
Cinc Camins

Cinc camins is a two-player abstract strategy game from northern China. Although played by children, there is a complexity and uniqueness to the game that adults can appreciate. The game may be related to the Gonu games of Korea. These games use small boards, and have unique capturing rules. 
Each player has five pieces played on a 5 x 5 square grid. A player can capture an enemy piece by forming a line of two pieces of their own in a row or column. The enemy piece must be in the same row or column as the two pieces, and the remaining two spaces left on the row or column must be blank. 
Cinc camins is Catalonian for Five Paths. At present, Cinc camins is the only known name for the game.
Goal.
The player who captures all the other player's pieces is the winner. 
Equipment.
The board used is a 5 x 5 square grid. Each player has five pieces. One plays the black pieces, and the other player plays the white pieces. The game is often drawn on the ground, and sweets or candy are used as game pieces.
Game Play and Rules.
1. Players decide what colors to play and who starts first. 
2. Each player's five pieces are initially set up on their first rank.
3. Players alternate their turns. A player may move one piece per turn orthogonally.
4. When a player forms a row or column of two pieces of their own, and the two pieces are adjacent with one another (i.e. no space(s) in between them), then it captures an enemy piece "adjacent" to the two pieces in the row or column that the line is formed upon, provided that the two remaining spaces on the row or column are "empty or blank". In any row or column there are five spaces since the board is a 5 x 5 square grid. 
The possible combinations for Black to capture a white piece in a row or column is as follows. They are the same capturing combinations for White, but with a reversal in coding of black and white pieces. 
Let b = black, w = white, and _ = blank
5. A piece may either move into the row or column to form the two adjacent pieces, or leave a triplet of pieces from a row or column leaving two adjacent pieces. 
6. A piece may move to create more than one capturing row or capturing column, and capture all possible enemy pieces. 
In the external link below, a game is provided showing a black piece leaving a row and entering the row above it. By doing so, the black piece leaves behind two adjacent black pieces from the previous row, and captures the white piece (marked as D) on that row. At the same time, by moving into the new row above the previous row, it forms a column of two adjacent black pieces, and captures the white piece in the same column (marked as A). In both instances the two adjacent black pieces are adjacent to the white piece that they capture which is a requirement. However, Black cannot capture the white piece (marked as E) even though two adjacent black pieces are adjacent to E, because in that row there does not exist two blank spaces which is a capturing requirement due to the presence of the white piece (marked as C) on the same row.

</doc>
<doc id="18941397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941397" title="Wang Dandan">
Wang Dandan

Wang Dandan (born May 1, 1985 in Beijing) is a female Chinese football player who competed for the national team in the 2008 Summer Olympics. Her position is that of midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="18941416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941416" title="Public Service Homicide">
Public Service Homicide

Public Service Homicide is an episode of the NBC crime drama series "Law & Order". It aired on October 20, 2006. The episode was inspired by "To Catch a Predator", a series of specials of the NBC newsmagazine "Dateline", which depicts the capture of pedophiles red-handed on camera after they are lured to a certain location in an online sting operation.
Plot synopsis.
"Law".
A woman in an apartment argues with her mother over the phone as the two are simultaneously watching a newsmagazine called "Hard Focus". In the show, pedophiles are lured to a house believing they will have sex with an underage minor, only to be confronted by a reporter and a camera crew. The woman is shocked when her next-door neighbor, Carl Mullaly, is confronted on the show. Later on, a delivery boy with Chinese food arrives at Mullaly's apartment to discover him on the floor, stabbed to death. When detectives Green and Cassidy arrive on the scene, the woman shows them the TiVoed "Hard Focus" clip featuring Mullaly. After watching the clip, Detective Green remarks, "No wonder Mr. Mullally's dead".
The detectives learn that Mullaly's next-door neighbor, a surgeon named Evan Fleming, has an eight-year-old daughter. When they interview Fleming, he claims he was at work while his daughter, Abigail, asleep at home during the murder. He further claims that he did not know Mr. Mullaly, but expresses a lack of concern over his murder. Green uncovers phone records showing that Mullaly had received a series of cell phone calls from a woman named Hannah Welch. He and Cassidy go to Welch's office to find her holed up in a restroom. Cassidy goes inside alone. Welch says she hasn't recently seen Mullaly, and also says didn't learn about his appearance on "Hard Focus" until that morning.
Cassidy also learns from Welch that Mullaly had been fired before "Hard Focus" aired, from a job working at community center around children. There, Green and Cassidy learn from Mullaly's old boss that he was tipped off about his employee's pedophilia by one of his neighbors. The detectives interrogate Fleming, who says he learned about Mullaly from an anonymous note slipped under his door. He says he threw the note away, but had Abigail checked by the psychologist. Fleming expresses gratitude for Mullaly's killer.
Another pedophile from "Hard Focus" is found severely beaten. He gives Green and Cassidy a detailed description of his attacker. The detectives later arrest a businessman who openly admits to assaulting the pedophile, saying his actions were caused by the brutal rape and murder of his daughter. He denies killing Mullaly, but says he learned about Hightower from a website called ScumWatch, which has assisted "Hard Focus" in its investigative reports. When the detectives visit ScumWatch, and learn that its list of targeted pedophiles is kept confidential, except to "Hard Focus". They also go to the 24/7 News Network, which airs "Hard Focus", and meet producer Ellie Harper. She denies that the show has been inciting violence or is connected to Mullaly's murder.
Cassidy expresses doubt over Hannah Welch's alibi for the night of the murder, noting the lack of a ticket stub for the movie she claimed she went to, and the fact that nobody at the theater saw her. Green discovers, however, that it was Fleming who ordered the Chinese food for Mullaly. During the second interrogation of Fleming, he admits that he found Mullaly's body first, and arranged the body for the delivery boy so that he didn't have to be involved. He further claims that he was awakened by his daughter, Abigail, who heard fighting in Mullaly's apartment and saw a fleeing woman with a knife in her hand. Abigail is later interviewed by Van Buren, and confirms her father's story. She also picks out Hannah Welch in a police lineup. Welch is arrested by Cassidy for Carl Mullaly's murder.
"Order".
At her arraignment, Hannah Welch pleads not guilty to second degree murder. Afterwards, Welch and her lawyer meet with Rubirosa and Jack McCoy. Welch says that she watched Carl Mullaly on "Hard Focus", and that she went to his apartment to confront him. She further claims that she was forced to stab Mullaly in self-defense after he violently attacked her. Her lawyer argues unsuccessfully that she serve probation. McCoy later discusses the case with District Attorney Branch, who points out that despite the amount of evidence stacked against Welch, McCoy faces an uphill battle winning over a jury since Mullaly was an exposed pedophile, and that Carl Mullaly's murder satisfied the desires of any person watching his appearance on "Hard Focus". Branch, McCoy, and Rubirosa further discuss the public's collective desire for controversial shows such as "Hard Focus". When Branch suggests finding dirt on Welch's credibility, the three decide to have Rubirosa travel to Pittsburgh to learn about her life before moving to New York.
In Pittsburgh, Rubirosa arranges a meeting with Welch's ex-fiance. He says that he last spoke to Welch in person three weeks prior, but that she didn't mention Carl Mullaly. He also says, to Rubirosa's bewilderment, that Welch was living with five roommates in a trendy apartment on the Upper West Side, even though Welch's residence was in the East Village. Back in New York, Rubirosa talks with the doorman of the apartment Welch was living in, who says that she and her other roommates simultaneously moved out after "Hard Focus" stopped paying their rent. The doorman gives her the address of one of her roommates, Kyle Risko. While meeting with her, Risko, a former molestation victim, reluctantly tells her that he was a living in the apartment with Welch because they were participating in a cancelled 24/7 News Network reality show, "Confront and Heal", based on the "Hard Focus" reports, in which former victims of sexual abuse confronted their former abusers.
While meeting with Rubirosa and McCoy, they deduce that since both Hannah Welch and Carl Mullaly came from Pittsburgh, and Mullaly worked in the same insurance company as Welch's father, Welch's story of a romantic relationship between the two was a lie and that Mullaly molested her as a child. During a meeting with McCoy, Welch confirms this theory, saying that Mullaly had indeed molested her, and that "Hard Focus" had intended on letting her confront Mullaly. She further claims that she was given a knife and a camera by the "Hard Focus" producer, Ellie Harper, before the murder. Welch says that she didn't have the camera turned on when the murder took place. Welch says that Harper had sent her to Mullaly's apartment with the camera in the hopes of getting "Confront and Heal" back on the air. She further claims that she has hidden the knife.
McCoy and Rubirosa later meet with Harper and her attorney, Wendy Weiss.

</doc>
<doc id="18941430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941430" title="Gu Yasha">
Gu Yasha

Gu Yasha (; born November 28, 1990 in Zhengzhou, Henan) is a female Chinese football player who competed for the national team in the 2008 Summer Olympics. Her position is that of midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="18941446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941446" title="Steve Kahan">
Steve Kahan

Steve Kahan (born 1939) is an American character actor who has appeared many films, his best-known film role is in the "Lethal Weapon" film franchise as Capt. Ed Murphy. Kahan's cousin is director Richard Donner, who has cast Kahan in many of his films. Kahan's first feature film role was in the 1978 classic film "Superman" as Armis, one of the two detectives following Otis, hoping to find out where Lex Luthor is hiding. Kahan is known for playing cops in many of his films.

</doc>
<doc id="18941458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941458" title="Tavarez">
Tavarez

Tavarez is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18941484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941484" title="Et Cetera (album)">
Et Cetera (album)

Etсetera is the eighth album by saxophonist Wayne Shorter, recorded on June 14, 1965 but not released on Blue Note until 1980. The album features four originals by Shorter and an arrangement of Gil Evans' "Barracudas".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Stacia Proefrock awarded the album 4½ stars stating "The low-key nature of the album as a whole, especially the title track, might have contributed to Blue Note's lack of attention, but there are definitely gems here, especially the closing track, 'Indian Song.' At times the rest of the album seems like a warm-up for that amazing tune, where Shorter swirls around in a hypnotizing dance with Herbie Hancock's piano, grounded by the nocturnal bass of Cecil McBee and the airy structure of Joe Chambers' drumming. The short, repetitive themes and passionate, soulful playing echo John Coltrane, but this quartet has its own flavor, and the perfect, intricate web they weave here helps pull the whole session up to a higher level."

</doc>
<doc id="18941486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941486" title="Anthony Ackroyd">
Anthony Ackroyd

Anthony Ackroyd (born 30 June 1958) is an Australian comedian, speaker and writer. He is a cast member of the ABC radio comedy show "Thank God It's Friday!". He is the creator and director of the "United Nations Of Comedy" which aims to bring together the best comedy from around the world and build bridges between cultures through shared humour.
Biography.
Ackroyd was born in Hobart, Tasmania and grew up in the tough working class suburb of Warrane. At the age of 16 he became Australian schoolboy public speaking champion when he won "Rostrum's Voice Of Youth" competition. He was also a Commonwealth debating champion.
Ackroyd began performing stand up comedy at the Sydney Comedy Store in the 1980s. Television exposure quickly followed with frequent appearances on popular TV shows such as "The Video Comedy Store", "Hey, Hey, It's Saturday" and "The Midday Show". From 1989–1991 he was a cast member on ABC TV's pioneering live comedy show "The Big Gig". During the 1990s he appeared on TV shows including "Good News Week", "Tonight Live", ""Mornings with Kerri-Anne", and "Pizza". He performed the critically acclaimed comedy monologue "Karma Comedian" on ABC's "The Smallest Room In The House", which detailed with great honesty many aspects of his life to that point.
Ackroyd's one man shows have included "Anthony Ackroyd in His Own Little World", "Ecstasy and How To Get It", "At Last The Truth About Everything", and "The Fruit Of My Lions".
The "Sydney Morning Herald" and "The Australian" newspapers acknowledged Ackroyd as one of the best comedians of his generation. "Cosmopolitan Magazine" dubbed him "The Man of the Moment". "Beat Magazine" declared him "one of the ultimate comedy legends".
He has written for TV and film including the highly successful Australian sketch show "The Comedy Company" and two years writing for an internet sitcom spin off for Jim Carrey's Ace Ventura character. He has workshopped material with writer-performers such as Billy Crystal and Rowan Atkinson. Ackroyd's articles have appeared in publications such as Sydney Morning Herald, The Age, Vogue, Life Etc., Studio, Eco Magazine, Parenting, Men's Stuff, and Good Taste.
Ackroyd's film work includes roles in the movies "Reckless Kelly", "Geno", and "Willful". He provided the voice of Dragon on the award winning children's TV show "Magic Mountain".
This examination of comedy's power in society led Ackroyd to declare that "comedy is the correct response to life". He now devotes himself to writing and performing comedy for stage, print media, TV, and feature films. Due to an uncanny resemblance, Ackroyd also became a frequent impersonator of Australian Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd. He is now one of Australia's leading political satirists and hosts his own show "Political Bent". 

</doc>
<doc id="18941499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941499" title="Beijing Street Church">
Beijing Street Church

Beijing Street Church () is a Protestant church located in Dalian, China It is the former Dalian Lutheran Church () and its church building is now a Historical Building Protected by Dalian City. It was recently renamed as Dalian City Cheng-en Church (, literally "Dalian City Receiving Grace Church"), but the local people still call it "Beijing Street Church."

</doc>
<doc id="18941522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941522" title="The Locked Door">
The Locked Door

The Locked Door is a 1929 American drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Rod LaRocque, Barbara Stanwyck, William "Stage" Boyd, and Betty Bronson. The film is based on the play "The Sign on the Door" by Channing Pollock. The play was first adapted for the screen in 1921 as "The Sign on the Door", starring Norma Talmadge. "The Locked Door" was Barbara Stanwyck's second film appearance, first starring role, and first talking picture.
Plot.
Ann Carter (Barbara Stanwyck), an inexperienced young woman, accepts an invitation to dinner from Frank Devereaux (Rod LaRocque), the son of her employer. The date turns out to be far from what she expects. It is aboard a "rum boat", a ship that sails beyond the 12 mile limit to get around the restrictions of Prohibition. Worse, Frank turns out to be a cad. When she tries to leave, he locks the door and tries to force himself on her, tearing her dress. Fortunately, the ship drifts back into U.S. waters and a police raid stops him from going any further. When a photographer takes a picture of the two under arrest, Frank buys it from him.
Eighteen months later, Ann is happily married to wealthy Lawrence Reagan (William "Stage" Boyd).
They are about to celebrate their first wedding anniversary when Frank resurfaces in Ann's life, this time as the boyfriend of her naive young sister-in-law, Helen (Betty Bronson). Though both Ann and her husband tell Helen that Frank is no good (Lawrence knows that Frank is having an affair with the wife of one of his friends), it is clear to Ann that Helen does not believe them.
Ann goes to Frank's apartment to stop him from taking advantage of Helen. She hides when Lawrence shows up unexpectedly. He warns Frank to leave town before Lawrence's friend catches up with him and shoots him. Frank had already planned to go, but when Lawrence declares that he intends to administer a beating first, Frank draws a gun. He is shot in the ensuing struggle. Lawrence leaves without being seen, unaware that his wife has heard the whole thing.
To protect her husband, Ann phones the switchboard operator and reenacts her earlier assault, ending with her firing two shots. When the police arrive, the district attorney (Harry Mestayer) soon pokes holes in her story. Also, the photograph is found, providing a motive for murder. However, Frank is not yet dead; in his last few minutes of life, he explains what really happened, exonerating both Ann and Lawrence.

</doc>
<doc id="18941543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941543" title="Awa Odori Kaikan">
Awa Odori Kaikan

The is a museum in the city of Tokushima where visitors can learn about Awa Odori, watch displays of the dance and sample local products. It is located at the base of the 280m-high Mount Bizan. The hall also acts as a gateway to neighboring Mount Bizan with the location of a ropeway station on Level five.
The building has a gift shop on its ground floor. The museum is on the third floor. Also located in the building is the hall where four daily shows of the Awa Odori are performed. The last of the shows, which begins in the late evening, is slightly more expensive than the others. One unique feature of the performances is the participation of audience members. 
Until 1990, it was home to the Tokushima Prefectural Art Museum.
General information.
Location<br>
20 2-Chome Shinmachi Hashi<br>
Tokushima City, Tokushima 770-0904<br>
Japan
Hours of operation<br>
9:00am – 5:00 pm (excluding Bizan ropeway, which operates until 5:30)<br>
Closed the second and fourth Wednesday of each month, and the day after national holidays.<br>
Closed 28 December - 1 January.
Layout.
Level 1
The first floor of the hall is home to the information desk, with pamphlets and videos showing tourist information about Tokushima, and the "Arudeyo Tokushima" store with tourist goods, local produce and much more.
Level 2
The second floor is home to a dance stage that is open to performances throughout the day. 
In addition to the dance hall, the second floor is also home to a library containing information relevant to the dance. Use of the library is free.
Level 3
The third level of the hall is home to an Awa Odori museum, where visitors can see clothing, instruments, and other items related to the dance. There is also an area where you can try dancing yourself, along with video instructions.
Level 4
The fourth level is an open area with rooms that can be rented for meetings, dance practice and other purposes.
Level 5
The fifth level of the hall is home to a small restaurant, and a ropeway station for those wanting to climb Mt. Bizan via cable car. 
Bicycle rental.
The Hall rents bicycles for sightseeing in the city. 

</doc>
<doc id="18941618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941618" title="Yahya Kemal College">
Yahya Kemal College

The Yahya Kemal College is a first private high school in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia. The high school was established in 1996 and bears the name of the great Turkish writer and poet Yahya Kemal Beyatlı, who was born in Skopje in 1884 and was one of the most eminent figures in Turkish literature. Shortly after the inauguration the school obtained the interest and appreciation of Macedonian people, because of the achievements and awards it gathered. The Turkish College, as it is popularly known, offers education at primary and high school level and is bestowed with the title of 'first and biggest private educational institution' in Republic of Macedonia. The number of enrolled students increases for few times each year. The college has six branches: in Avtokomanda (established 1996), Gostivar (established 1999), Struga (established 2002), Butel (established 2007), Strumica (established 2010), and Bogovinje, Tetovo (established 2011).
Education system.
Yahya Kemal College is a co-educational, English medium, day school whose curriculum corresponds to that of the Turkish Anatolian Science High Schools curriculum. Yahya Kemal Junior School follows the state curriculum enriched with extra IT and English language classes. Four languages (English, Macedonian, Turkish and Albanian) are used in lessons; three are taught as mother tongue classes (Macedonian, Albanian and Turkish). During the first year of the four-year high school education, students are given intensive English and Turkish courses. As a result of this policy, the students are able to learn and speak both languages fluently. The results obtained by the students in the international language exams like TOEFL and TOMER are a clear indication of this success.
Enrollment policy.
A school entrance exam is conducted every year to select the students to be enrolled at Yahya Kemal College. The students who succeed getting the first places in this exam earn the right of admission. The primary school, Yahya Kemal Junior, enrolls students without an entrance exam.

</doc>
<doc id="18941653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941653" title="Pre-Columbian Ecuador">
Pre-Columbian Ecuador

Pre-Columbian Ecuador included numerous indigenous cultures, who throve for thousands of years before the ascent of the Incan Empire. Las Vegas culture of coastal Ecuador is one of the oldest cultures in the Americas. The Valdivia culture in the Pacific coast region is a well-known early Ecuadorian culture. Ancient Valdivian artifacts from as early as 3500 BC have been found along the coast north of the Guayas Province in the modern city of Santa Elena.
Several other cultures, including the Quitus, Caras and Cañaris, emerged in other parts of Ecuador. There are other major archaeological sites in the coastal provinces of Manabí and Esmeraldas and in the middle Andean highland provinces of Tungurahua and Chimborazo. The archaeological evidence has established that Ecuador was inhabited for at least 4,500 years before the rise of the Inca.
Great tracts of Ecuador, including almost all of the "Oriente" (Amazon rainforest), remain unknown to archaeologists, a fact that adds credence to the possibility of early human habitation. Scholars have studied the Amazon region recently but the forest is so remote and dense that it takes years for research teams to survey even a small area. Their belief that the river basin had complex cultures is confirmed by the recent discovery of the Mayo-Chinchipe Cultural Complex in the Zamora-Chinchipe Province.
The present Republic of Ecuador is at the heart of the region where a variety of civilizations developed for millennia. During the pre-Inca period people lived in clans, which formed great tribes, and some allied with each other to form powerful confederations, as the Confederation of Quito. But none of these confederations could resist the formidable momentum of the "Tawantinsuyu". The invasion of the Inca in the 15th century was very painful and bloody. However, once occupied by the Quito hosts of Huayna Capac (1593–1595), the Incas developed an extensive administration and began the colonization of the region.
The pre-Columbian era can be divided up into four eras:
Preceramic period.
The Pre-Ceramic period begins with the end of the last ice age and continues through 4200 BC. The Las Vegas and Inga cultures dominated this period.
Las Vegas culture.
The Las Vegas is the first known culture in Ecuador. They lived on the Santa Elena Peninsula on the coast of Ecuador between 9000–6000 BC. The skeletal remains and other finds show evidence the culture once flourished in the area. Scientists have classified three phases of cultural development. The earliest people were hunter-gathers and fisherman. Approximately 6000 BC the culture were among the first to begin farming (bottle gourd, "Lagenaria siceraria", and an early type of maize, "Zea mays" L.) The best known remains of the culture are "The Lovers of Sumpa". These human remains and other items can be seen at Museo Los Amantes de Sumpa y Centro Cultural in Santa Elena.
El Inga.
The Inga lived in the Sierra near present-day Quito. Evidence from the archeological site El Inca date the culture to 9000–8000 BC. Several sites were excavated around 1961. It is estimated this area is one of the most important in South America and existed along an ancient trade route. The tools used by these early nomadic hunters have provided relationships to the Clovis culture level I at Fell's Cave in southern Chile, and technological relationships to the late Pleistocene "fluted point" complexes of North America.
Formative Period.
During the Formative Period, people of the region moved from the hunter-gather and simple farming into a more developed society, with permanent developments, an increase in agriculture and the use of ceramics. New cultures included the Machalilla culture, Valdivia, Chorrera on the coast; Cotocollao, and The Chimba in the Sierra; and Mayo Chinchipe (4500 BC— AD 1532), Pastaza, Chiguaza and many other in the Oriente region. The Cerro Narrío or Chaullabamba cultre throve from 2000 BC to AD 600 in the southern Cañar and Azuay provinces.
Valdivia Culture.
The Valdivia culture is the first culture where significant remains have been discovered. Their civilization dates back as early as 3500 BC. Living in the area near The Valdivias were the first Americans to use pottery. They created bowls, jars and female statues out of clay, both for everyday life and for use in religious ceremonies. They navigated the seas on rafts with sails and established a trade network with tribes in the Andes and the Amazon. Valdivia art and artifacts have been found throughout the country. An extensive collection is on display at the "Museo Fianco Banco Central" in Quito and the UEES in Guayaquil.
Machallila Culture.
Succeeding the Valdivia, the Machallia Culture was a farming culture that throve along the coast of Ecuador between the 2nd and 1st millennia BC. Its ceramics are easily differentiated from the Valdivia as they were painted black or white with red stripes, and figurines were rare and crudely made. These appear to be the earliest people to cultivate maize in this part of South America.
Chorrera Culture.
Existing in the late Formative period, the Chorrera culture lived in the Andes and Coastal Regions of Ecuador between 900 and 300 BC. They were best known for their hollow ceramic animal- and plant-shaped figurines.
Period of Regional Development.
The period of Regional Development is when regional differences developed in the territorial or political and social organization of the peoples. Among the main towns of this period were the cultures: Jambelí, Guangala, Bahía, Tejar-Daule, La Tolita, Jama Coaque in the coast of Ecuador, in the Sierras the Cerro Narrío Alausí; and in the Ecuadorian Amazon jungle the Tayos.
La Bahía.
The figurine of the Bahia Culture (300 BC– AD 500), La Chimba is the site of the earliest ceramic northern Andes, north of Quito, and is representative of the Formative Period in its final stage. Its inhabitants contacted several villages on the coast and the mountains, keeping close proximity to the Cotocollao culture, located on the plateau of Quito and its surrounding valleys. The Bahia culture occupied the area that stretches from the foothills of the Andes to the Pacific Ocean, and from Bahía de Caráquez, to the south of Manabi. The Jama-Coaque culture inhabited areas between Cabo San Francisco in Esmeraldas, to Bahía de Caráquez, in Manabi, in an area of wooded hills and vast beaches of their immigrant who facilitated the gathering of resources of both the jungle and the ocean.
La Tolita Culture.
The La Tolita developed in the coastal region of Southern Colombia and Northern Ecuador between 600 BC and AD 200. Numerous archaeological sites have been discovered that show the highly artistic nature of this culture. Artifacts are characterized by gold jewelry, beautiful anthropomorphic masks and figurines that reflect a hierarchical society with complex ceremonies.
Guangala.
Guangala culture throve from AD 100 to 800 in the Manabí Province.
Period of Integration and the arrival of the Inca.
Tribes throughout Ecuador integrated during this period. They built better housing that allowed them to improve their living conditions and no longer be subject to the climate. In the mountains the Cosangua-Píllaro, Capulí and Piartal-Tuza cultures arose; in the eastern region was the Yasuní Phase, while the Milagro, Manteña and Huancavilca cultures developed on the coast, from 500 BC onwards.
Los Manteños.
The Manteños were the last of the pre-Columbian cultures in the coastal region and flourished between 600–1534. They were the first to witness the arrival of Spanish ships sailing in the surrounding Pacific Ocean. According to archaeological evidence and Spanish chronicles, the civilization extended from Bahia de Caraquez to Cerro de Hojas in the south. They were excellent weavers, produced textiles, articles of gold, silver spondylus shells and mother of pearls. The manteños mastered the seas and forged extensive trade routes as far as present-day Chile to the south and western Mexico to the north. The center of the culture was in the area of Manta, named in their honor.
Los Huancavilcas.
The Huancavilcas constitute the most important pre-Columbian culture of Guayas, after Las Vegas. These warriors were noted for their appearance. Huancavilca culture recounts the legend of Guayas and Quiles, for which the city of Guayaquil was named.
Quitu-Cara culture and the Kingdom of Quito.
The Kingdom of Quito was formed by the Quitus, the Puruhaes and Cañari, who by then inhabited the Andean regions of present-day Ecuador. Their main settlement was in the area where they later built up the city of Quito, and its inhabitants are called Quitus. The Quitus were relatively passive, and although they formed a small kingdom, they were overpowered by the Shyris (Cara culture). These ancient indigenous people took over the Kingdom of Quito. The Shyris dominated for more than 700 years before they were invaded by the Inca "Tupac Yupanqui". Cañari culture throve from AD 400 to 1532 and the Cañari people still live in Ecuador today. 
Even though cultures like Caranqui, Cañari and Quitu existed, historians Jacinto Jijón y Caamaño and Alfredo Pareja Diezcanseco contested the existence of such Kingdom and pointed that it was dubious its existence because there aren't any evidence like ruins or pottery. The Quitus existence does not prove the contested Kingdom of Quito, only gives credence, and partially supports its existence. 
The Incas.
The Inca civilization expansion northward from modern-day Peru during the late 15th century met with fierce resistance by several Ecuadorian tribes, particularly the Cañari, in the region around modern-day Cuenca; the Cara (originally of Manabi) in the Sierra north of Quito, who fought along with the Quitu, occupants of the site of the modern capital, whom they had formed the Kingdom of Quito with. The conquest of Ecuador began in 1463 under the leadership of the ninth Inca, the great warrior Pachacuti Inca Yupanqui. In that year, his son Tupa took over command of the army and began his march northward through the Sierra. 
By 1500 Tupa's son, Huayna Capac, overcame the resistance of these populations and that of the Cara, and thus incorporated most of modern-day Ecuador into Tawantinsuyu, as the Inca empire was known. Different tribes also sought refugee in the then thick interior jungles. The influence of these conquerors based in Cuzco (modern-day Peru) was limited to about a half century, or less in some parts of Ecuador. During that period, some aspects of life remained unchanged. Traditional religious beliefs, for example, persisted throughout the period of Inca rule. In other areas, however, such as agriculture, land tenure, and social organization, Inca rule had a profound effect despite its relatively short duration. 
Emperor Huayna Capac became very fond of Quito, making it a secondary capital of Tawantinsuyu and living out his elder years there before his death in about 1527. Huayna Capac's sudden death from a strange disease, described by one as smallpox, precipitated a bitter power struggle between Huascar, whose mother was Coya (meaning Empress) Mama Rahua Occillo and legetimate heir, and Atahualpa, a son who was born to a Quitu princess, and reputedly his father's "favorite." 
This struggle raged during the half-decade before the arrival of Francisco Pizarro's conquering expedition in 1532. The key battle of this civil war was fought on Ecuadorian soil, near Riobamba, where Huascar's northbound troops were met and defeated by Atahualpa's southbound troops. Atahualpa's final victory over Huascar in the days just before the Spanish conquerors arrived resulted in large part from the loyalty of two of Huayna Capac's best generals, who were based in Quito along with Atahualpa. The victory remains a source of national pride to Ecuadorians as a rare case when "Ecuador" forcefully bettered a "neighboring country."
Stone Age.
Edward Whymper sought Stone Age objects while in Ecuador during 1880. Most of the items he collected from those brought to him were stone; he thought that most metal artifacts had been smelted in search of any gold they contained.
Macanas.
By far the most common object was a stone star with a hole through the middle. They were found everywhere between Ibarra and Riobamba. The majority have six rays (and none have more), proceeding symmetrically from the center, and the whole are fashioned alike upon each side. A certain number have only five rays, and occasional examples are irregular in shape. All are pierced by a hole, which has been drilled from the two sides, and the size of this varies considerably. In dimensions they range from three to five inches in diameter and from three-quarters of an inch to two inches in thickness. Their weight is from five to twenty ounces. The larger part are made from basaltic rock and gabbro. Objects of this class were also cast in metal but these are now rarely found in Ecuador.
Whilst they possess the general points of similarity that have been mentioned, scarcely any two are identical in form. Some are flat and thin, others are thick, or rise in the center upon each side into a shape like the hub of a wheel.
In a U.S. Naval expedition report, figures are given of two stars in bronze (found at Cuzco, Peru), one having a sixth ray prolonged into a hatchet, which suggests that it must have been a war-club or battle-axe. In Squire's book on Peru, there is a figure of a six-rayed object in bronze, said to have been one of several, which are designated by the author (apparently following some earlier writer) "casse-têtes", and he says that among the fractured skulls that were found "the larger part seemed to have been broken by blows from some such weapons." Mons. Wiener, in his book on Peru and Bolivia gives a figure of a star which was found at Ancon (near Lima) showing a stick inserted in the central hole; and another figure of a somewhat similar from in bronze, also handled. Like Squier, he calls them "casse-têtes". Finally, the Doctors Reiss and Stübel remark, in their work upon the Peruvian antiquities obtained at Ancon, that "the few stone objects found here show but slight traces of workmanship, an exception being … a stone weapon of the morning star type … the six-rayed stone star, here found once only, is elsewhere in Peruvian graves by no means rare."
Though all these writers appear to regard these objects as a kind of battle-axe (and are probably correct so far as those having a ray prolonged into a hatchet are concerned), there are several considerations which suggest these objects were habitually used as weapons. The larger of the stars (which are as heavy as a pound and a quarter) no doubt might be used effectively; but the smaller ones, weighing only a few ounces, would not be very formidable; and taking them as a whole they are less adapted either for offensive or defensive purposes than most of the other stone implements. To this may be added that many are uninjured, and do not seem to have been put to any use whatever. Francisco Campaña (a half-Indian who joined the latter part of Whymper's journey) had assisted in the examination of graves in Peru, and said these stars in stone were found there placed upon the breasts of corpses; and it seems likely that they were to the Children of the Sun symbols of the luminary that they worshipped.
These weapons are known as Macana(s), used by armies of many Andean and Mesoamerican cultures during centuries until Spanish conquest. They are very effective.
Implements.
A large number of stone objects were found which were undoubtedly implements.
Five types are shown in the illustration with a white background. In the top row, series A-E, the whole of the edges are rounded, except the bottom ones. In the next line (F-J) all are of a chisel type. The tops and sides of these are sometimes flat or angular, and sometimes rounded; and the lower, or cutting edges, are sharp. The examples in the next series (K-O) bear some resemblance to a bill-hook; the top edges are flat; and they are all pierced with holes drilled from the two sides. The specimens in the next row have similar holes—otherwise they approximate to the chisel type; while the type represented in the bottom series U-Y differs from all the others in having projecting shoulders, and (occasionally) in having a groove along the length of the top edge, apparently to facilitate handling.
All these five types were found in numbers, in many localities, and have evidently been amongst the most common and generally used implements during the Equatorial Stone Age. In minor respects they exhibit considerable variety, and there are large differences in their size, thickness, and weight. The type P-T was the most numerous. The greater part have holes drilled from each side (with the holes having less in diameter in the middle than on their surfaces), though in some the aperture is as broad internally as externally. The positions of the holes vary, some being central, although most of them are nearest to the top. The lower edge is always the sharpest; and, while many would not have cut butter, there are a few sharp enough to cut wood. Their weight ranges from 3¼ to 29 ounces, and like the stars in stone they have been fashioned from a diversity of rocks.
A large number of implements in stone were obtained, from which selections are given in the illustration with a black background. Those marked E, J, K, L, N-T are unique, and the other forms are more or less rare. The central one, marked M, was the only object for which Ecuadorian natives could assign a use, and it was pronounced to be a "corn-pounder". This one weighs five and a quarter pounds, and another of eleven pounds was obtained. Several examples of form I were found, considered by Thomas Ewbank to be a "hollowing-hammer for metal" by making a handle with a pliable wood rod. It is possible those marked A, B, and C were used for the same purpose. The objects D, F, G, and H are more puzzling. The two latter somewhat resemble the two others represented here, but differ from them in not having the circular cavities in the sides. The objects of this type are highly wrought, and fashioned out of hard stone. It seems not unlikely that they were used for sharpening tools, and that the examples G, H are unused specimens. They have also been found by M. Wiener in Peru.
Amongst the distinctly ornamental objects in stone there are imitations of corn cobs. These were particularly mentioned in Juan & Ulloa's work, in the mid-18th century. Spanish writers say:
Squier gives in his book on Peru a bad representation of one of these stone maize-heads and says that they were specially mentioned "by Padre Arriaga in his rare book on the "Extirpation of Idolatry in Peru" under the name "zaramama"," and were household gods of the ancient inhabitants.
Age of objects.
That the principal part of these objects and implements in stone are of considerable or of great age is apparent from the fact that they are scarcely mentioned at the time of the Pizarros. Garcilaso de la Vega says that the Indians
From this passage it appears that at the time of the Pizarros the Indians used tools of metal for most purposes. The concluding sentence evidently refers solely to fashioning stones for building. Older writers in general do not indicate that they had a congnizance of a Stone Age.
Ecuador under Incan rule.
The history of Ecuador is better known from the point of the Inca expansion than during the Pre-Columbian era. In 1463, the Inca warrior Pachacuti and his son Tupac Yupanqui began the incorporation of Ecuador into Inca rule. They began by defeating the people of the Sierra including the Quitus tribe (the people for whom modern-day Quito is named). They continued by heading southwest to the coast, eventually subjugating the Ecuadorians living near the Gulf of Guayaquil and the Island of Puna to Inca rule.
By the end of the 15th century, despite fierce resistance by several Ecuadorian native tribes, Huayna Capac, Tupac Yupanqui's son with a Cañari princess (the people from modern-day Canar province), was able to conquer the remaining tribes and by 1500 most of Ecuador was incorporated into the Incan Empire loosely.
Huayna Capac grew up in Ecuador and loved the land, in contrast preference to his native Cuzco. He named Quito the second Inca capital and a road was built to connect the two capitals. Cities and temples were built throughout the country. He married a Quitu princess and remained in the country until his death. When Huayna Capac died, he left the northern portion of the current empire to Atahualpa to be ruled from Quito, while the Southern portion was given to Huascar to be ruled from Cuzco.
Since neither of the brothers liked the idea of a torn empire, the two sons sought the throne. Huáscar, born of Huayna Capac's sister in Cusco, was the legitimate heir. Atahualpa, born in Quito according to Ecuadorian historiography, and in Cusco according to the Peruvian, was the usurper. The brothers battled for six years, killing many men and weakening the empire. Finally in 1532 near Chimborazo, Atahualpa with aid of two of his father's generals defeated his brother. Huáscar was captured and put in prison. Atahualpa became emperor of a severely weakened empire only to face the Spanish conquistadors' arrival in 1532.
During the period of Inca presence, the Ecuadorian organizations adopted agricultural practices, and few social organization of the Inca occupants, but maintained their traditional religious beliefs and many customs.
Inca domination in Ecuador was short (≈70 years) but they left one of the best-known archaeological sites of Ecuador: Ingapirca. They tried to conquer high Amazonian valley with only partial success, especially in the south, where the Bracamoros defeated them three times.

</doc>
<doc id="18941679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941679" title="Victoria and Her Hussar (1954 film)">
Victoria and Her Hussar (1954 film)

Viktoria und ihr Husar (in English Victoria and Her Hussar) is a 1954 German film adaptation of the operetta Viktoria und ihr Husar starring Eva Bartok and Gert Niemitz.

</doc>
<doc id="18941693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941693" title="1957 Chatham Cup">
1957 Chatham Cup

The 1957 Chatham Cup was the 30th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with regional associations each holding separate qualifying rounds. Teams taking part in the final rounds are known to have included Eastern Suburbs (Auckland), Kawerau Town, Hamilton Technical Old Boys, Eastern Union (Gisborne), Moturoa, Colenso Athletic (Hawkes Bay), Wanganui Athletic, Masterton Athletic, Seatoun, Technical Old Boys (Christchurch), and Green Island.
The 1957 final.
In the final a young Seatoun side were too strong for Tech. Two goals in quick succession came for the Wellington side after about 15 minutes from Stanley Goddard and William Logan. Andy McAnulty reduced the deficit before the interval, but a second Logan strike just after the break took the score out of the Christchurch side's reach.

</doc>
<doc id="18941700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941700" title="Schizophrenia (Wayne Shorter album)">
Schizophrenia (Wayne Shorter album)

Schizophrenia is the eleventh album by Wayne Shorter, recorded on 10 March 1967 and released on the Blue Note label. The album features five originals by Shorter and an arrangement of James Spaulding's "Kryptonite". The album features pianist Herbie Hancock and bassist Ron Carter, bandmates of Shorter from Miles Davis' quintet at the time.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Stephen Thomas Erlewine awarded the album 4½ stars stating "This music exists at the border between post-bop and free jazz -- it's grounded in post-bop, but it knows what is happening across the border. Within a few years, he would cross that line, but "Schizophrenia" crackles with the excitement of Shorter and his colleagues trying to balance the two extremes". 

</doc>
<doc id="18941708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941708" title="2007 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 110 metres hurdles">
2007 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 110 metres hurdles

The 110 metres hurdles at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics was held at the Nagai Stadium in Osaka, Japan from August 29 to August 31.
Results.
Heats.
Qualification: First 3 in each heat (Q) and the next 9 fastest (q) advance to the semi-finals.
Semi-finals.
Qualification: First 2 in each semi-final (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) advance to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18941710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941710" title="Dunja (film)">
Dunja (film)

Dunja is a 1955 Austrian film adaptation of an Alexander Pushkin novel starring Eva Bartok, Gert Fröbe and Ivan Desny. It is the director's take on the 1940 film "Der Postmeister" by Gustav Ucicky.

</doc>
<doc id="18941722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941722" title="Liu Sa">
Liu Sa

Liu Sa (born July 11, 1987 in Beijing) is a female Chinese football player who competed for the national team in the 2008 Summer Olympics. Her position is that of striker.

</doc>
<doc id="18941723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941723" title="August Weber">
August Weber

August Weber (1817–1873) was a German painter. He is known for his forest scenes and is a product of the Dusseldorf school.

</doc>
<doc id="18941768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941768" title="Sobrenatural (Marcos Witt album)">
Sobrenatural (Marcos Witt album)

Sobrenatural is the thirty-second album released by Christian singer Marcos Witt. The album was recorded live from Bogotá, Colombia.
Awards.
In 2009, the album was nominated for a Dove Award for Spanish Album of the Year at the 40th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18941781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941781" title="Network configuration and change management">
Network configuration and change management

Network configuration and change management (NCCM) a discipline in information technology. According to research from IDC and Gartner, NCCM is one of the fastest growing markets in the ITOM (IT Operations Management) market. Organizations are using NCCM as a way to:

</doc>
<doc id="18941782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941782" title="Agge">
Agge

Agge may refer to:
Agge may also refer to "Sawdhan Agge", an album by Indian comedian Bhagwant Mann.
AgGe may refer to silver and germanium. These elements may form:
AgGE may refer to Agarose gel electrophoresis, a technique in microbiology.
AGGE may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="18941817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941817" title="Maria Pita">
Maria Pita

María Mayor Fernández de Cámara y Pita (Sigrás, 1565 – 1643), known as María Pita, was a Galician heroine of the defense of Corunna in 1589 against the English Armada.
Biography.
María Pita was married four times and had two children. Her heroic deeds were honoured and rewarded by Philip II, who granted her the pension of a military officer, which she received following the death of her husband who was killed during the battle.
Defense at Corunna.
On the 4th of May 1589, English forces, already in control of the lower city, breached the defences of the old city. She was assisting her husband, an army captain manning the defences, when he was killed by a crossbow bolt that struck him in the head. An English soldier with a banner, who was making his way to the highest part of the wall, was killed by Pita. She appeared on the heights of the wall herself, shouting: "Quen teña honra, que me siga" ("Whoever has honour, follow me!") whereupon the English incursion was driven back by the defenders. The English later gave up the assault and retreated to their ships. Other women also participated directly in the defence of Corunna; a surviving record tells of one Inés de Ben receiving treatment for two shots received in the siege.

</doc>
<doc id="18941821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941821" title="Fedon Matheou">
Fedon Matheou

Fedon Mattheou, also spelled Faidon Matthaiou and Phaedon Mathaiou () (12 July 1924 – 17 September 2011) was a Greek professional basketball coach and basketball player. He was a center and in the end of his career a play maker and he wore the number 1 jersey throughout his career. He represented Greece twice at the Summer Olympics, as a rower in 1948 and as a basketball player in 1952.
Pro playing career.
He began playing professional basketball as well as many other sports, with Aris BC in 1945. In 1949, he was transferred to Panathinaikos BC. He played as well with Panionios BC, Pallacanestro Varese and Sporting BC.
Greek national basketball team.
Mattheou also played for the Greek national basketball team, as one of its leading members for 44 games, and he scored a total of 539 points (12.25 points per game). He also played in the very first official game of the Greek national squad, which was played at the 1949 European Championship. He was the team's leading scorer at that tournament with 66 points, while the Greek national team also won the tournament's bronze medal. He participated as a player in 2 European Championship tournaments, the 1949 European Championship and the 1951 European Championship, and also in the Olympic Basketball Tournament of 1952.
Coaching career.
After his playing career ended, he coached the Greek national squad at 3 European Championship tournaments, the 1961 European Championship, the 1965 European Championship and the 1969 European Championship. He also coached professional sport clubs of the Greek League such as AEK Athens BC, PAOK BC, Olympiacos BC and Peristeri BC.
Fedon Mattheou is widely considered to be the Patriarch of Greek basketball.

</doc>
<doc id="18941834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941834" title="Shang Ruihua">
Shang Ruihua

Shang Ruihua (born 18 November 1944) is a Chinese football coach, who led the China women's national football team on two separate occasions.
He guided the home nation to a quarter final place at the 1991 FIFA Women's World Cup during his first spell in charge from 1987 until 1991. When Élisabeth Loisel was sacked by the Chinese Football Association in 2008, Shang, known as the godfather of Chinese women's football, retook the position after 17 years. He led the team into the 2008 Summer Olympics but resigned in 2010 after failing to qualify for the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup.
In 1994–95 he coached the Chinese Taipei women's national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="18941972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941972" title="Westwood Cemetery (Michigan)">
Westwood Cemetery (Michigan)

Westwood Cemetery is one of the oldest cemeteries in Kalkaska County, Michigan, dating back to the early 19th century. While it appears abandoned, as of August 2008 it is still actively taken care of and the deceased are still sparingly buried in plots within Westwood. It is nowhere near as active as it was when first used as a cemetery.
Location.
Westwood Cemetery is located on Westwood Road, right off of Cemetery Road. It is roughly 1/2 a mile (300 m) from Plum Valley Road, and roughly from US 131 in Kalkaska County in Kalkaska, Michigan. It was placed in such a scenic location in the early 19th century where only the Westwoods were laid to rest. It has since become a public cemetery, yet still remains a very scenic cemetery.
"The Weeks of the Dead".
Somewhat of a local myth, August 15 September 15 are known to locals as "The Weeks of the Dead". As legend has it, the 'spirits' of the historic Westwood family roam the cemetery to rid their former territory of unknowns. Few people have actually experienced "The Weeks of the Dead". Others that have lived nearby on Cemetery Road tell tales of ghostly figures walking the roads around the cemetery. It is not known whether "The Weeks of the Dead" are real, but if you ask the locals firmly maintain it is.

</doc>
<doc id="18941977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18941977" title="Saman Tahmasebi">
Saman Tahmasebi

Saman Tahmasebi (, born July 26, 1985 in Sanandaj) is an Iranian wrestler now representing Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18942010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942010" title="Arthur B. Chapman">
Arthur B. Chapman

Arthur Barclay Chapman (28 October 1908 – 29 December 2004) was the University of Wisconsin–Madison's "most accomplished animal genetic researcher."
Early life and education.
Chapman was born in Windermere, Westmorland, England. The son of William Daniel Chapman, a physician, and his wife Nora Moss Chapman, Arthur "Chappie" Chapman attended St. Bees School until the age of sixteen, when he decided to become a sheep farmer in New Zealand. En route in 1925, he came to the United States, but got only as far as Pullman, Washington, where on the advice of a relative he took a course in animal husbandry at Washington State University. He stayed for five years, earning his bachelor of science degree in 1930. Following graduation, Iowa State University appointed him a teaching fellow under the supervision of Jay L. Lush, earning his master of science degree in 1931. During this period, he became particularly interested Sewall Wright's approaches to quantitative animal breeding and population genetics. His interests in selection theory and inbreeding were increased with Sir Ronald Fisher's visit to Iowa State during the summer of 1931. 
In the autumn of 1931, Chapman went on to further studies at the University of Wisconsin–Madison as a graduate student under Professor Leon J. Cole. Under his direction, Chapman completed his Ph.D. in 1935.
A year before he completed his degree, Chapman was married on 1 September 1934 to Winifred Mary Rollin (5 January 1911-18 August 2004), the daughter of Hugh and Margaret Rollin of Western Springs, Illinois, who had emigrated from Riding Mill, Northumberland, England, in 1913. Winnie and Chappie had three daughters. Through his marriage, Chapman came to spend his summers with his family at Portage Point, Michigan, where his parents-in-law had a summer home and where he became an avid fisherman on Portage Lake.
Academic career.
Upon completing his doctorate, Chapman spent a year of post-doctoral research with Jay L. Lush at Iowa State University and Sewall Wright at the University of Chicago. In 1936, Chapman returned to the University of Wisconsin–Madison as a member of the faculty of Animal husbandry. He rose to become Professor of Genetics in 1947 and, in 1972, was appointed Professor of Animal Breeding and Genetics in the Department of Meat and Animal Science and the Department of Genetics and Dairy Science. He was appointed professor emeritus in 1975.
Active as a teacher, he had a total of 42 master's degree students and 33 Ph.D. students during his long career at the University of Wisconsin. An active and very popular teacher with students, he taught an undergraduate agricultural short course every winter as well as courses on genetics and animal breeding.
In his research, Chapman was closely associated with that of his colleague Lester Earl Casida, a reproductive physiologist. Together, they taught a large number of students.
Among his many awards, Arthur Chapman received a Rockefeller Foundation Award for teaching and research in Poland in 1960 and a Fulbright Fellowship and a Guggenheim Fellowship in New Zealand in 1966-1967. 
Chapman was active in a large number of professional organizations, most importantly the American Society of Animal Science, starting with that society's journal, the Journal of Animal Science, of which he served as associate editor in 1958-1960 and editor, 1961-1963. The Society awarded him its Animal Breeding and Genetics Award in 1969, its Morrison Award in 1974. He was elected a Fellow of the Society in 1972 and served as the Society's president in 1964-1965. 
In addition, he was a member of the Genetics Society of America, the American Genetic Association, the International Biometric Society, the American Dairy Science Association, the British Society of Animal Production, the New Zealand Society of Animal Production, and the Egyptian Society of Genetics. He was a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, and an honorary member of Sigma Xi, Alpha Zeta, Gamma Alpha, Phi Sigma, and Gamma Sigma Delta.
Chapman died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Published works.
Chapman published some 125 scientific papers during his career, almost all coauthored with graduate students and colleagues at the University of Wisconsin.
In addition, he edited: 
Jay L. Lush, "General and quantitative genetics", edited by A.B. Chapman. Amsterdam ; New York: Elsevier Science Pub. Co., 1985.
Jay L. Lush, "The genetics of populations". Ames: Iowa Agriculture and Home Economics Experiment Station, College of Agriculture, Iowa State University, 1994.
And wrote several articles of biographies on the distinguished leaders in his academic field, many of whom had influenced him in his own career:

</doc>
<doc id="18942015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942015" title="Molus River (New Brunswick)">
Molus River (New Brunswick)

"for the community named Molus River, see Molus River"
Molus River is a fresh water tributary of the Richibucto River, located in Weldford Parish, New Brunswick, Canada. At one time named Moulies River Station, it is located 3.15 km North East of Bass River, New Brunswick on the road to Richibucto. In 1904 Moulies River Station was a stop on the Kent Northern Railway. 
The first European settlers of the south side of the Molus River were 1821 Thomas Phelan (Whalen), John Phelan, Patrick Phelan. By the 1830s the north side was also opened and the Warman family settled here. Other settler names: Olsen, Dargavel, Stevenson, Millar, McPherson, Ward, and Harnett. The community reached its height in the late 19th century. By 1900 the community was in decline, the virgin forest of white pine and maple had been stripped from the land to supply the shipbuilding community down river at Kingston now Rexton. 
Land Grants at Provincial Archives New Brunswick indicate that in 1819 Molus River was "at the center of the Indian Reserve" when it was opened to British subjects for settlement. The community of Molus River, a farming and forestry community, now takes its name from the river. Elsipogtog First Nation is nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="18942056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942056" title="Oxalis hedysaroides">
Oxalis hedysaroides

Oxalis hedysaroides, known as the fire fern, is not a fern but a flowering perennial plant native to the Caribbean. It is a member of the woodsorrel genus ("Oxalis") that grows to 30 cm height and 10 cm spread. 
The plant gets its common name from the fact that its leaves, while starting green, turn a deep purple red with exposure to sun. "Oxalis hedysaroides" is a very mobile plant and will rotate its foliage significantly to follow the sun. At dusk, the plant can seem to quiver slightly as the red leaves partially close by folding in half. 
The foliage of the fire fern is supported by branched wiry purple stems, and the plant produces small yellow flowers when in bloom.

</doc>
<doc id="18942085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942085" title="MEASAT-3a">
MEASAT-3a

MEASAT-3a is a communications satellite which MEASAT intends to operate in geosynchronous orbit at 91.5 degrees East longitude. It was built by Orbital Sciences Corporation, based on the STAR-2 spacecraft platform.
History.
Orbital completed the satellite and all of its contractual requirements, and shipped the satellite to its Baikonur, Kazakhstan launch site in July 2008. The satellite was mated to the Block DM upper stage of the Zenit-3SLB rocket when it was struck by the operator cab of the overhead crane. The hazardous propellants were successfully offloaded and the spacecraft was decontaminated and returned to the United States for repair work, with a projected launch date of Spring/Summer 2009.
Launch.
MEASAT-3a was successfully launched aboard a Land Launch Zenit-3SLB carrier rocket flying from Site 45/1 at the Baikonur Cosmodrome. The launch occurred at 21:50 GMT on 21 June 2009, with the spacecraft separating from the Block DM-SLB upper stage of the rocket around six hours later.

</doc>
<doc id="18942088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942088" title="Jean Lartéguy">
Jean Lartéguy

Jean Lartéguy (5 September 1920 – 23 February 2011) Larteguy is credited with first envisioning the "ticking time bomb" scenario in his 1960 novel "Les centurions".
Biography.
Lartéguy was born into what he called "one of those families of poor mountain peasants whose names are found inscribed on war memorials, but not in history books." Both his father and uncle had served in the First World War. With his country conquered by the Germans, Lartéguy escaped from France into Spain in March 1942. He remained there for nine months and spent time in a Franquist jail before joining the Free French Forces as an officer in the 1st Commando Group ("1er groupe de commandos"). During the war, he fought in Italy; Vosges and Belfort, France; and Germany. He remained on active duty for seven years until becoming a captain in the reserves in order to enter the field of journalism. Lartéguy received numerous military awards, to include: Légion d'honneur, Croix de guerre 1939-1945, and the Croix de guerre T.O.E.
After his military service, Lartéguy worked as a war correspondent, particularly for the magazine Paris Match. He covered conflicts in Azerbaijan, Korea, Palestine, Indochina, Algeria, and Vietnam. In pursuit of a story at the start of the Korean War, Lartéguy volunteered for the French Battalion and was wounded by an enemy hand grenade during the Battle of Heartbreak Ridge. In Latin America, he reported on various revolutions and insurgencies, and in 1967 encountered Che Guevara shortly before his capture and execution. In the July 1967 issue of Paris Match, Lartéguy wrote a major article entitled ""Les Guerilleros"", where he wrote: "At a time when Cuban revolutionaries want to create Vietnam's all over the world, the Americans run the risk of finding their own Algeria in Latin America."
In 1955, he received the Albert Londres Prize for journalism.
Writing.
His experiences as a soldier and war correspondent influenced his writing. Some of the most emphasized topics in his writing are decolonization, nationalism, the expansion of Communism, the state of post-war French society, and the unglamorous nature of war. 
His novel "Les chimères noires" evokes the role played by Roger Trinquier during the Katanga Crisis. Published in 1963 it portrays vividly the chaos of civil war in the Congo after the murder of Patrice Lumumba and the conflict between Moise Tshombe secessionist government and the United Nations Forces. The novel is very critical of Belgian colonialism and is also a reliable expression of European views of Central Africa after independence.
Several of his book titles were translated into English, with the most successful being his Algerian War series: "The Centurions" and "The Praetorians". The former was adapted into a major motion picture in 1966, entitled "Lost Command" and starred Anthony Quinn.
Also, with his novel "The Centurions", Lartéguy is credited with being the first to envision the 'ticking time bomb' scenario, which has regained relevance in recent debates on the use of torture in a counter-terrorism role. His novels have been read by military professionals, including General David Petraeus, in the new context of modern terrorism.

</doc>
<doc id="18942104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942104" title="Ghasem Rezaei">
Ghasem Rezaei

Ghasem Rezaei (, born August 18, 1985 in Amol) is an Iranian wrestler.
He won the gold medal in the men’s 96 kg Greco-Roman at the 2012 London Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18942108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942108" title="Orient Express (1954 film)">
Orient Express (1954 film)

Orient Express is a 1954 Italian-language film starring Silvana Pampanini, Henri Vidal and Eva Bartok. The plot revolves around a two-day stop at a village in the Alps by passengers on the Orient Express.

</doc>
<doc id="18942113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942113" title="Mount Bizan">
Mount Bizan

Geography.
Due to its prominent position in the middle of Tokushima City, Mt. Bizan is widely recognised as one of the classic views of Tokushima City. It is also a well known area for cherry blossom viewing, and offers an almost 360 degree view of the surrounding area from its peak. On a clear day you can even see as far out to Awaji Island and distant Wakayama Prefecture on the shores of mainland Japan. The view at nighttime is equally impressive, and while it is not well known, the top of Mt. Bizan is one of Japan's most beautiful spots for nighttime scenery. The slopes of the mountain are home to several shrines and temples, and the peak is adorned with several tourist facilities, including a Burmese pagoda to honor fallen soldiers from World War II. 
Despite earning a certain amount of fame from a national movie of the same name, the famous Wada no Ya store that used to stand at the mountain's peak shifted down to the Awa Odori Kaikan Hall, and even today there is only a single small restaurant on top of the mountain. Since the area had little to offer in the way of tourist facilities, it was removed from many tourist courses and became a point of discussion amongst many of the local radio stations. Today it is widely accepted that while the scenery from Mt. Bizan is very pretty, it is very unfortunate that there is little for people to do there. However, it is expected that the movie may bring the area some added popularity that can be further used to work on the area's reputation.
Broadcasting stations.
The area on top of Mt. Bizan is home to several broadcasting stations, including NHK Tokushima, Shikoku Hoso, and FM Tokushima. The signals broadcast from here reach mainly down into the Yoshino River Basin area, out across the waters to Hyogo Prefecture and Wakayama Prefecture and many other local areas. The area is also used as a broadcasting area for community radio stations such as FM Bizan, as well as digital TV.
Bizan Ropeway.
The is an aerial lift that provides access to the top of Mount Bizan. It is the only line operates, while the public company also operates Awa Odori Kaikan, a museum devoted to Awa Dance. The ropeway departs from the 5th floor of the museum. The line opened in 1957.
Statistics:

</doc>
<doc id="18942120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942120" title="Aggy">
Aggy

Aggy may be a diminutive form of the given names Agnatha, Agamemnon, Agata, Agatha, Agnes or Aigerim. It may also be a diminutive form of a family name that begins with 'Ag-'. See also Aggie. In more recent times, it is currently being used as a form of slang in the American culture.
People who are known as 'Aggy' include: 
Places known as 'Aggy' include:
The Aggy is a popular hairstyle, originally designed by Sam McKnight for model Agyness Deyn.
Aggy as slang, the word derives from the adjectives 'aggressive' and 'agitated' and is the emotion 
felt when seriously angered and annoyed, or aggravated.
AGGY is the ICAO code for Yandina Airport.
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="18942147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942147" title="List of World Heritage Sites in Croatia">
List of World Heritage Sites in Croatia

There are seven UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Croatia.
Tentative List.
The following sites are on the Tentative List for Croatia, meaning that the government intends to consider them for nomination in the future:

</doc>
<doc id="18942155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942155" title="Friedrich Meggendorfer">
Friedrich Meggendorfer

Friedrich Meggendorfer (June 7, 1880 – February 12, 1953) was a German psychiatrist and neurologist.
Life.
Born in Bad Aibling, Bavaria, he was intended to take over the local colonial goods store of his ancestors. He enjoyed an excellent international education aimed at preparing him for this role. However, his life's goal has always been to become a physician, and finally, he had persuaded his father to agree and to sponsor medical studies. During World War I he was stationed in Turkey as a medical assistant of the German imperial navy. There he learnt much about the Turkish culture and was able to translate ancient Arabic medical works into German language and the bible to Turkish, an effort that was lost later, when he narrowly escaped a sinking submarine.
Scientific Work.
Meggendorfer was an assistant to Emil Kraepelin (1856–1926) in Munich and Max Nonne (1861-1959) in Hamburg, and later worked at the Friedrichsberg Psychiatric Hospital in Hamburg. From 1934 to 1945 he was a professor and director of the psychiatric department at Erlangen.
His scientific activities where very versatile ranging from moral insanity and dementia to epilepsy, progressive paralysis and Huntington's disease. Additionally, he was a recognized expert in forensic psychiatry.
Meggendorfer was a pioneer in electroconvulsive therapy and introduced this treatment method in Germany in 1939.
Secondary psychosis was an additional focus of his scientific work. As early as 1916 he described neurologic and psychiatric sequelae of pituitary neoplasms.
In 1930 he provided an early description of familial Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease in the "Backer family" of northern Germany. The case had already been reported in 1924 by Kirschbaum, but it was Meggendorfer who showed that the subject described by Kirschbaum was a member of a large kindred.

</doc>
<doc id="18942158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942158" title="Socialism or Barbarism">
Socialism or Barbarism

Socialism or Barbarism is a book about globalism, U.S. socialism and capitalist systems by Hungarian Marxist philosopher and Professor Emeritus István Mészáros. It was published in 2001 and is composed of two parts, the first part is an expanded version of an essay of the same title originally published in 2000; the second part consists of an interview conducted in 1998.
Mészáros' is convinced that the future of socialism will be decided in the U.S.A. and sees its main obstacle to be the globalization of Keynesian neo-liberalism. He reckons that the 21st century will coincide with the "third stage of capitalism" which Mészáros characterizes as the barbarous global competition for domination between a plurality of free-market capitalist systems. His examination of the history of American capitalism predicts several eminent ramifications to this struggle: imperialist driven territorial expansion in the Middle East, the continuation and increase of NATO aggression, increased infrastructure weakening with major degradation in the quality of life for the lower class, and eventually a proxy war with China via U.S.A.'s defense treaties with Japan.
Much of the book is devoted to applying Marx's nineteenth century theories to current events, such as the environment:
What Mészáros prescribes is a labor union socialist solution, specifically the syndicalist form of socialism that Samuel Gompers had abandoned when the AFL provided the a workforce for the U.S. involvement in World War I. He advocates a marxist form of socialism:

</doc>
<doc id="18942178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942178" title="Kimera (manga)">
Kimera (manga)

Kimera, stylized as Ki*Me*Ra, is a two-volume manga series written and illustrated by Kazuma Kodaka and serialized in "Super Jump". It was adapted into a single episode original video animation by Toho in 1996. Both the manga and OVA were licensed and released in English by ADV Films. It focuses on a man named Osamu, who falls in love with an androgynous vampire-like man named Kimera, being held by the Air Force and hunted by two other vampires. One vampire wishes to use Kimera for his/her hermaphroditic nature as the mother to revive their dying race, while another wishes to kill Kimera to save him/her from a fate Kimera didn't desire.
Plot (OVA).
Two cereal salesmen, Osamu and Jay, are driving along when they come upon an accident scene. They are ordered by Air Force to flee, but before they can they are attacked by vampiric creatures. Osamu is blown into a trailer where he finds a beautiful, green-haired androgynous-looking figure, Kimera, inside a cryogenic container. A silver bell he recently purchased and wears around his neck rings, waking the creature inside who kisses him through the glass. Two of the vampiric creatures arrive, with a long ebony-haired male vampire attacking Osamu, and a disfigured one defending him. They disappear, and Osamu and Jay are taken to the Air Force base. They are released as Jay's father, Dr. Gibson, is on the research team there.
Dr. Gibson tells Osamu and Jay to forget everything that happened, though Jay argues it would be impossible. Gibson is called away and accidentally leaves his security card behind. Osamu and Jay decide to use it to search for Kimera, with Osamu sensing Kimera calling him in the right direction. Meanwhile, the ebony-haired male vampire from the previous night, Kianu, goes through the facility killing people in search of Kimera. He wears a bell bracelet that makes similar chime to Osamu's bell necklace. One of the research team members, Dr. Fender, meets with the deformed vampire, Ginzu, to discuss the status of the "Mother" system, and Ginzu complains about the lifeless food Fender brings "them."
Osamu and Jay find and frees Kimera from the container in a garden within the lab. Kianu attacks them again, explaining Kimera will bring about the downfall of the planet. Ginzu and his minions' huge snakes break through the glass to attack Kianu, as Gibson and his team arrive after finding their dead companions elsewhere. Kimera begins glowing and the room explodes. After the explosion, Kimera and Osamu are no where to be found. Jay learns from his father that Kimera is actually a vampiric alien with fully functional male and female reproductive organs, who arrived on Earth with two other vampires two weeks prior in a meteorite incident.
Kimera reappears in the city, wearing only Osamu's lab coat. Two men find and attempt to rape Kimera, who ends up draining them of blood and killing them. Osamu dreams of Kimera's past and learns that Kimera and Kianu were in love. Before, Kimera lived peacefully, refusing to drink blood and having no desire to become "a mother" after seeing what one was. Kimera arrives and tries to make love to Osamu, though he tries to tell her that he isn't Kianu. Ginzu attacks capturing Kimera and has Fender install her in the Mother system in hopes of creating at least two or three children before Kimera is killed. He explains to Osamu that vampires on their planet are no longer able to reproduce and that their ancestors have been betrayed by humans repeatedly through the ages. He also reveals that his, Kianu's, and Kimera's biological mother was originally a kidnapped human woman. Now on their planet, the adults are dying and only Kimera is the remaining one who can reproduce. Neither Ginzu nor Kianu can make children with Kimera as they are not fully functional men.
Kianu arrives and attacks again. As he and Ginzu fight, Fender finishes connecting Kimera to the system and is subsequently killed by Ginzu. Wounded and unable to free Kimera himself, Kianu transports Osamu to kill Kimera. As Osamu prepares to shoot his gun, the building collapses, killing Ginsu and Kianu. Jay finds Osamu's bell crushed in the debris and mourns his friend; however, Osamu is shown to be together with Kimera in the desert, driving towards an unknown location. Though he knows Kimera believes he is Kianu and that their child may destroy the world, Osamu wants to have hope for the future, and is happy being in love with Kimera.
Reception.
The general reception to the OVA adaption was largely unfavorable, due to lack of proper story and character development, and differences from the original manga. Viewers have expressed ill response to Kimera's hermaphrodite features, thinking her to be male rather than female. In the original version in Japan, Kimera actually IS a man. This confusion may be the result of translation discrepancies due to gender neutral pronouns in the Japanese language, and the attempt to appeal to a larger market beyond the originally intended shounen-ai audience.
The art for the manga has been described as reminiscent of Yuu Watase.

</doc>
<doc id="18942188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942188" title="The Kore Gang">
The Kore Gang

The Kore Gang 
is an action-adventure game for the Nintendo Wii. The game is notable for its very prolonged development cycle over the course of ten years, during which many different companies became involved and the game moved from being designed for the Xbox console to the Wii.
In the game, you take control of three different characters stuck inside robotic suits that amplify their individual abilities. The game-play is centered around the player's ability to switch between the three characters at any time and thus utilize and combine their abilities to solve puzzles. The story revolves around the evil Krank Brothers, evil rulers of a civilization that exists in the center of the Earth. The player, with the help of the three playable characters Pixie, Madboy, and Rex, must stop the Kranks from carrying out their plan to conquer the surface of the planet as well. The plot alludes to the subtitle, "Outvasion from Inner Earth".
The game received mixed to positive critical reviews. Critics such as those for Wiisworld and GamingXP praised the madcap sense of humor and colorful graphics but criticized the clumsy camera control. The game's aggregate score on Metacritic is 70/100. After being released in August 2010 in Germany through now-defunct publisher Pixonauts, general international releases followed through distributors such as Atari.
History.
The game was originally conceived by designer Klaus Lyngeled, formerly of Shiny Entertainment. He quit his job at Shiny to found his own company, Zoink Games, in order to be able work full-time on this project.
Zoink began to develop a version of the game for the Xbox. In 2003, CDV obtained the publishing rights, but had to drop the project soon after due to financial difficulties.
In 2006, independent production house Games Foundation obtained a license to further develop the game, and announced a version for the Wii.
The PAL version is multi-language and contains English, German, French and Spanish voices-overs.
Story.
The story begins underground. A trio of evil beings- a cyborg weapons collector named Hunter Bunter, a time-obsessed factory head named Tic van Toc and a mad scientist who pleasures himself with others' pain named Dr. Ooond -known collectively as the Krank Brothers are tunneling up from the core of the Earth using a massive drilling machine called the Krank Tank in an effort to take over the whole surface world (starting with New York City). An elderly human scientist they have captured, Dr. Samuelson, begs them not to invade, but his pleas fall upon deaf ears.
On the surface world, a daring young girl named Pixie is climbing a skyscraper when a tremor caused by the Krank Tank causes her to lose her balance and fall into Dr. Samuelson's underground lab. While there, she stumbles upon the Kore Suit- a steel-plated, ability enhancing robot suit -and is soon contacted by Dr. Samuelson, who informs her of the coming invasion. Sensing an adventure, Pixie braves the nearby sewers and makes it to Dr. Samuelson's minor camp. Discovering the Krank Tank, which has temporarily stopped, Pixie hops onboard and enters. She quickly finds herself in a massive arena alongside another human named Madboy, who has been conscripted into the gladiatorial fights, where every challenger is forced to fight "Gorgeous Gorcel"- a massive, cyclops-esque monster that literally devours all its competition. Clearly outmatched, both Pixie and Madboy are swallowed and end up in Gorcel's stomach. Surprisingly undigested, Pixie rescues Madboy, who explains that the only reason he's even in the Krank Tank was because he was searching for his best friend, Rex. Joining Pixie in the Kore Suit, Madboy uses his physical power to induce Gorcel to vomit.
Escaping the arena, Pixie and Madboy find themselves in one of the workers' villages, where the various creatures that have been enslaved by the Krank Brothers are forced to live. While there, Pixie and Madboy quickly form an alliance with Weeba- the underground resistance led by the mysterious, four-armed creature named Morfar, who are somewhat religious, as they are seeking aid from a strange being they refer to as "The One" -and help them with their resistance movement while simultaneously liberating Joe Le Taxi, a mechanical simian who serves as a transportation service in exchange for metal bananas, and gaining the ire of Tic van Toc after they wreck one of his weapons. Taking Joe to the prison level, Pixie and Madboy run into Hunter Bunter and, after a nasty fight, claim the Keyman- a mechanical creature literally made of keys and locks -;however, Hunter Bunter hints at a superweapon he is building and his intentions to betray his brothers.
Making their way through the massive prison complex, Pixie and Madboy liberate Rex, Madboy's best friend (who is a chihuahua and, because of his good hearing- which lets him listen in on enemy conversations and allows him to crack safes with ease -and powerful smell, rounds out the hero team) and stage a prison break for some imprisoned Weeba members, as well as discover a way to track Dr. Samuelson and that the Kore Suit is capable of deflecting cannon shots. Much later, in the Maximum Security Prison, the trio is able to liberate Dr. Samuelson, who explains exactly why all of this is happening. Several years ago, during the good doctor's youth, he and two unnamed colleagues traveled around the world, seeing exotic locales and meeting interesting people. Not satisfied with what they had done, Samuelson and his compatriots decided to go where no one else had gone before- the center of the Earth! Creating the Kore Suit (and a back-up suit, in case of an emergency), the trio of scientists tunneled their way through countless levels of rock until they reached the underground city. Unfortunately, they were all captured by the Krank Brothers who, having become intrigued by stories of the surface world, set to work building the Krank Tank, thus leading to the present situation. Though it's unclear what happened to Dr. Samuelson's companions, he believes that they escaped. Hopping aboard a hover scooter, Dr. Samuelson and the Kore Gang make their escape (with the help of Joe) and smash the defenses of the prison after a nasty run in with Dr. Ooond.
Though the Kore Gang and Dr. Samuelson manage to make an escape, they're separated when the Krank Tank finally pierces the surface. Somehow, the Kore Gang ends up in the Scrapyard- a massive trash bin of sorts where the waste of the Krank Brothers and their minions ends up. Unexpectedly, the gang makes an ally in Ivan the Inflatable- a rubber man full of air who has suffered a puncture wound and, because of it, can no longer fly. However, with help from the Kore Gang, Ivan's hole is patched with a stick of gum and his body is refilled with two different kinds of gas (interestingly, during the search, Pixie learns how to hover using the Kore Suit). Though Ivan doesn't know how to escape, he at least takes the Kore Gang to the home of a Guru, who is apparently a mystic that the gang should visit. Grabbing the gang, Ivan takes off for a higher part of the Krank Tank and drops the gang off before leaving. Braving the camouflaged defenses (and using Madboy's new super-punch move to deal with the shielded guards), the trio find themselves in the Weeba headquarters and that the Guru is none other than Morfar. Firmly believing the Kore Gang to be "The One", Morfar shares his backstory- he used to be an energy researching scientist who had developed a machine that would convert Zeeks- beings made of pure light energy -into the ultimate power source (thanks due to good thoughts); unfortunately, the Krank Brothers found out and promptly stole the device, converting it into a weapon- the Zookalizer -that turns Zeeks into Zooks- a dark counterpart -thanks due to the Krank Brothers' bad thoughts. Morfar built the Weeba Underground Resistance to steal the weapon and destroy it; unfortunately, his subordinates failed, though Morfar has faith in the Kore Gang, as they are "many working as one"- hence "The One". Morfar tasks the Kore Gang with delivering the antidote- a ray gun called the Zeekalizer that will reverse what the Krank Brothers did to Zeeks -to the Zookalizer in order to end this whole thing; unfortunately, Morfar lacks a necessary component- a good thought from each Krank Brother, as it is the only thing that can have any hope of reversing the process.
Stepping outside, the Kore Gang releases Ivan, who marvels at the thought of a "world without walls", before engaging the Krank Brothers, who have already begun invading the surface world. Defeating the advance forces, the Kore Gang then stumbles upon the Zeek Gardens- birthplace of all existing Zeeks. Slipping into a local transport tube, the Kore Gang enter the true epicenter of Zeek activity- the Zeek Forest. After dealing with a pest infestation, it's revealed that the way ahead is open only to scientists (all of whom are female); luckily, the Kore Gang is able to acquire a scientist's costume after dealing with a problem for a local Weeba follower; though the costume is rather shoddy, the guard doesn't suspect a thing.
Entering the science facility, the Kore Gang helps Morfar (who has tapped into their communication lines) by reprogramming the local security cameras. Unfortunately, when the gang has made good progress into the labs, Samuelson chimes in with a warning- unless the team can shut the Krank Tank down quickly, government forces will unleash a nuclear strike! Hurrying through the laboratory, the Kore Gang runs into all three of the Krank Brothers; even better is the fact that they have the Zookalizer on them! Dr. Ooond quickly mentions how the Zookalizer is the key to their "secret weapon", but doesn't say much more. A quick display of the Zookalizer proves to be devastating for an unfortunate Weeba member; thankfully, the Zeekalizer's effects prove temporary. Falling down a pipe, the Kore Gang finds themselves in the Orchestra Hall- the personal relaxation spot of Dr. Ooond. To the gang's benefit, Dr. Samuelson chimes in to say that there is no longer a nuclear threat. Unfortunately, the gang interrupts the less-than-good Krank doctor while he is composing a literal symphony of pain. Silencing his torture devices (which were causing the giant record player of the Orchestra Hall to go berserk and activate a weapons system), the gang calms Dr. Ooond and actually extracts a good thought- perfect harmony, a musical piece that the doctor could never achieve with his torture devices; unfortunately, Dr. Ooond's nice streak dies when he accidentally breaks his baton, forcing the Kore Gang to make a run for it.
The gang quickly find themselves in the desert-like Clockworks- Tic van Toc's home. Morfar comes up with a theory- if production was stopped, then the time-crazed Tic van Toc may stop stressing out and calm down. Though this is no guarantee that Tic van Toc will calm down, it's worth a shot. By meddling with some machines, traversing a Zeek-infested canyon, manning a gun turret and dealing with a few other problems, the gang manages to reach the Clock Tower and the main time-keeping device of the whole area: the Dread Hourglass, which overworks the slaves into exhaustion. By destroying the massive acid mixer that powers the device, the Kore Gang shuts down the whole facility. The gang then goes one step further and shuts down the main clock tower before going toe-to-toe with Tic van Toc and his weaponized clock face that has been fitted with fire traps, a bed of spikes and three clock hands that are lined with blades. Using the clocks within the clock, the Kore Gang reaches the clock tower's bell and, by hitting it repeatedly, they break the main clock and shut down the whole facility. Calmed down, Tic van Toc marvels at the beauty of silence, allowing the gang to extract a good thought- silence and serenity (though the method of extraction is somewhat vulgar); naturally, like Dr. Ooond, Tic van Toc soon reverts to his original mood when a worker of his reports that they are back at full production.
Leaving for the outside of the Krank Tank, the Kore Gang hitches a ride from Joe and makes it higher on the Krank Tank; unfortunately, the gang is forced to run when it turns out that they're being chased by an immense snowball! Rex quickly puts the pedal to the metal and outraces the snowball, landing the gang in Hunter Bunter's inner sanctum- the Heart of Darkness, a massive Zook production facility, where the slightest misstep can mean sudden death. Though the Kore Gang makes it through the Heart without much trouble, Rex falls prey to a trap (and his basic instincts) when he grabs a bone tied to a rope. Grabbed by Hunter Bunter as a hostage, Rex is in deep trouble. Though Pixie tries to negotiate a better outcome, Madboy's inner rage prompts Hunter Bunter to use a giant robot suit (one that is five times the size of the Kore Suit) to fight the gang. Using a band of mini-Kranks against the robot, the Kore Gang (minus Rex) is able to shut down and defeat the robot. Unfortunately, the resulting explosion knocks both Madboy and Pixie out of the Kore Suit, allowing Hunter Bunter to take over the suit and promptly tries to kill the two humans; unexpectedly, the suit backfires, prompting the longest and most blush-inducing pile of curses anyone has ever heard from Hunter Bunter (luckily, it's all censored). However, Pixie manages to get Hunter Bunter to feel proud of his failure, letting the trio reclaim the Kore Suit and get the last happy thought they need to complete the Zeekalizer- the joy of saying "You're welcome". Just as those who fail to learn history are doomed to repeat it, Hunter Bunter quickly reverts to his old self and runs off (with the Kore Gang in hot pursuit).
The gang reaches the final fight just in time, as the Krank Tank has revealed its superweapon- a massive cache of Zooks that will be unleashed upon the world! Breaching the last lines of defense, the Kore Gang reaches the top of the Krank Tank and engages the Krank Brothers in their giant minion-creating machine. After the Krank Brothers individually fail to kill the Kore Gang, they band together for one last try. After facing countless minions, the Kore Gang breaks the machine, causing it to go haywire. Utilizing the Zeekalizer, the Kore Gang shuts down the Krank Tank and saves the world. During the credits, Dr. Samuelson tells the epilogue- the Krank Brothers were sentenced to spend the rest of their lives in community service (having last been heard of Northern Mongolia); Bill Gates bought ownership of the Krank Tank (saying it would "finally make him look cool"), only to return it to New York City when he found it didn't work out with him (later, the Krank Tank was turned into the world's largest hot dog stand); Pixie would go on to perfect her "balleri-jitsu" (a combination of ballet and ninjitsu) skills and currently runs the only school that teaches it; Rex grew so attached to the Kore Suit that he decided to keep it and became a night-time vigilante called "Rex- The Dog of Steel"; Madboy returned home to do typical boy things (i.e. read comics, watch TV, etc.); and, as for Dr. Samuelson, he reunited with Morfar, who turned out to be his brother, and worked with him to create some interesting, yet odd, inventions.
Reception.
The Kore Gang's critical reception has been mixed but generally positive. The game's aggregate score on Metacritic is 70/100.

</doc>
<doc id="18942245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942245" title="Mudboy">
Mudboy

mudboy (aka. Raphael Lyon) is an experimental musician and artist from Providence, Rhode Island.
mudboy began recording experimental noise and electronic organ music in 2000 while a resident of Fort Thunder and continues to do so today. Over twenty albums have been released on a variety of labels since then. His compositions have been related to early minimalists such as Terry Riley, though he has identified dub music as an important influence in interviews.
As an installation artist, mudboy builds mysterious landscapes that hearken back to the ambient noise-filled landscapes which fill his music. A residency at the art and book store in Los Angeles "Family" produced "a large-scale, touch-sensitive, dark-activated, 3-dimensional, 6-oscillator spellcasting diorama and crystal cave. This installation is a meditation on the potential of fractal topography, fungal biota, and the productive necessity of decay." Other installations in Baltimore, Chicago, and Providence also use darkness, micro LED lights, kaleidoscopic mirrors, fog machines and organic cardboard creations to create illusions. He is represented by The Mountain Fold Gallery in New York City.
The following is an excerpt from his artist statement:
"My own intellectual affinity is with a time when the role of the artist, the priest and the doctor were not separated by contemporary conventions of specialization. Indeed, the operative metaphor for my work is derived from occult histories of magic and spellcasting, and from variations on the shamanic tradition. I lean heavily on the theoretical writings of authors like Ursula Le Guin and Philip K. Dick, both of whom argue that the production of "fantasy" and "miracle" is a critical, anti-fascist, and ultimately utopian occupation. It is wonder then, that I use my work to create"

</doc>
<doc id="18942260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942260" title="European University-Republic of Macedonia">
European University-Republic of Macedonia

The European University-Republic of Macedonia (Macedonian: Европски универзитет-Република Македонија, "Evropski univerzitet-Republika Makedonija") is a university in Skopje, Macedonia.
Faculties.
The University offers 5 faculties:
Accreditation.
The University has domestic and foreign accreditations. The European University Republic of Macedonia received domestic accreditation by Board of Accreditation in 2005. The Faculty of Economics has also been accredited by the International Assembly for Collegiate Business Education (IACBE), a program accreditation agency that is recognized by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation.

</doc>
<doc id="18942275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942275" title="2008 in athletics (track and field)">
2008 in athletics (track and field)

This page contains an overview of the year 2008 in athletics
Deaths.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18942278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942278" title="Alasgar">
Alasgar

Alasgar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18942294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942294" title="The Left Hand of the Law">
The Left Hand of the Law

The Left Hand of the Law (or La polizia interviene: ordine di uccidere) is a 1975 Italian ""poliziottesco"" written and directed by Giuseppe Rosati.

</doc>
<doc id="18942317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942317" title="Yoruba name">
Yoruba name

Yoruba names are primarily used by the Yoruba people and Yoruba language-speaking individuals in Benin, Togo, and the Nigerian diaspora.
Naming ceremonies.
By custom, Yorùbá children are named in a ceremony that takes place 7 days after their birth. The names of the children are traditionally taken from the father, but names can also come from those of other ranking members of the family, including the mother, grandparents, or next of kin. Both the mother and father and other next of kin can give their own favorite names to the child or children. Baby names often come from the grandparents and great grandparents of the child to be named.
Composition and importance of names.
Yorùbá names are often carefully considered during the week prior to the naming ceremony, as great care is placed upon selecting a name that would not reflect any sort of negativity or disrepute; in other words, selecting a name that previously belonged to a thief or criminal for a Yorùbá child is not considered as a wise idea, as it (according to Yorùbá philosophy) could result in the child growing up to become a thief or criminal.
Yorùbá names are traditionally classified into two categories: 
Two of the most common destiny names among the Yorùbá are Taiwo (or Taiye) and Kehinde, which are given primarily to twins.
It is believed that the first of the twins is Taiwo (or Taiye), whose intention in coming out first is to perceive whether or not the environment that they are about to enter is a good one for his or her superior to be in. When he or she is so satisfied, he or she grants the other twin, Kehinde (sometimes shortened to Kenny), the go ahead to come out.
An acquired name may signify the position of the family in the society (e.g. "Adewale", a typical royal family name). It may also signify the traditional vocation of the family (e.g. "Agbede", the blacksmith).
Yorùbá also have Oriki, a kind of praise recital used to emphasize the achievements of the ancestors of the various families. Oriki could be a single word like "Adunni", or it could be a verse or a series of verses. Though not typically part of a standard name, the Oriki is often used alongside one and is usually generally known to a person's contemporaries. Many an individual can even be recognized by the people of another town or even clan by using the oriki of his or her ancestral line.

</doc>
<doc id="18942322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942322" title="Allan B. Polunsky Unit">
Allan B. Polunsky Unit

Allan B. Polunsky Unit (TL, formerly the Terrell Unit) is a prison in West Livingston, unincorporated Polk County, Texas, located approximately southwest of Livingston along Farm to Market Road 350. The Texas Department of Criminal Justice operates the facility. The unit houses the State of Texas death row, and it has a maximum capacity of 2,900. Livingston Municipal Airport is located on the other side of FM 350. The unit, along the Big Thicket, is east of Huntsville. Polunsky houses Texas's "supermax" units.
Polunsky was named after Allan B. Polunsky, a former chairmain of the Texas Board of Criminal Justice who is now the chairman of the Public Safety Commission, the governing board of the Texas Department of Public Safety.
History.
The Terrell Unit opened in November 1993. At the time of its opening the public did not associate the prison with the death penalty, as the state's death row inmates were housed at the Ellis Unit in Huntsville. In November 1998 Martin Gurule, a death row inmate in the Ellis Unit, escaped. He drowned in a nearby creek and his body was found a week later.
After the incident occurred, the TDCJ considered moving the death row for men, and the Terrell Unit was the favored choice for the relocation. According to the TDCJ, the prison escape attempt had hastened the agency's decision to move death row inmates to a new location. Six months after the escape attempt, the TDCJ decided to move the death row. Polunsky took the death row inmates in 1999. The death row transfer, which began in March 1999 and took ten months, was the largest transfer of condemned prisoners in history and was performed under heavy security.
In February 2000 two death row inmates took a 57-year old female corrections officer hostage, forcing negotiations involving the warden. One of the hostage-takers, Ponchai Wilkerson (TDCJ#999011), was scheduled to be executed on March 14, 2000, and was, in fact, later executed on that date. The other, Howard Guidry, had no scheduled execution date. Guidry remains on death row.
On May 9, 2000, 33-year old death row inmate Juan Salvez Soria (TDCJ#837), who was scheduled to be executed on July 26, 2000, pulled the arm of 78-year old William Paul Westbrook, a prison chaplain from Livingston, into his cell. The offender tied a sheet around the chaplain's arm and tied the other end to a toilet; Soria began cutting Westbrook's arm with a razor blade. The offender nearly tore Westbrook's arm off. The authorities used tear gas to stop the attack. Authorities treated Soria's former cell as a crime scene and moved Soria to a more restricted area within the prison. Soria was executed on schedule.
The Texas Board unanimously approved giving former Terrell Unit its current name, "Allan B. Polunsky Unit", on July 20, 2001. The board also voted to rename the Ramsey III Unit in Brazoria County, Texas to the Terrell Unit. The former namesake, a Dallas insurance executive named Charles Terrell, requested the name change because he did not want his name associated with death row because of questions about the administration of the death penalty. In addition he reportedly was ambivalent regarding capital punishment. In exchange, the former Ramsey III Unit was renamed the Terrell Unit.
In 2010, the TDCJ accused five men who were serving life sentences of attempting to break out of the unit. Robert Perkinson, author of "Texas Tough: The Rise of America's Prison Empire", said in 2010 that Polunsky "probably" is "the hardest place to do time in Texas." Perkinson added that while the prison is not in a "gloomy" location and that the facility is not "dangerously dilapidated", the prison's "existential" "problem" is the fact that it is the state death row.
In May 2013 "Mother Jones" magazine ranked Polunsky as one of the ten worst prisons in the US, based on Congressional testimony from former inmate Anthony Graves and research conducted by the magazine during a three year period.
Operations.
The facility has twenty-three buildings. David Casstevens of the "Fort Worth Star-Telegram" described Polunsky as "a somber complex of putty-gray concrete buildings trimmed in blue on 470 fenced acres." Miriam Rozen of the "Houston Press" said that the unit "sits amid the same kind of lush, green and hilly East Texas terrain that surrounds Governor Bush's lake house 100 miles to the north in Athens." Marc Bookman of "Mother Jones" said that the prison "looks as one might imagine a death row would look—a series of imposing concrete structures surrounded by excessive razor wire and four guard towers."
The Polunsky Unit was designed to house more problematic and dangerous inmates; the officials designed the unit to be more secure than the older TDCJ units. Throughout its history the unit housed administrative segregation offenders (offenders in solitary confinement due to chronic misbehavior or violence). The building housing death row inmates is separate from the rest of the compound. Polunsky has a kitchen, a medical treatment clinic, psych interview rooms, and classification office space. Robert Perkinson, author of "Texas Tough: The Rise of America's Prison Empire", said that Polunsky, a white concrete building with blue steel supports, is "functionally designed and pleasantly asymmetrical" and that a person would mistake the building for a community college "if not for the three-inch window slits."
Death row operations.
As of March 2013 about 290 male death row prisoners are housed in Polunsky. As of March 2013 eight are instead housed in Jester IV Unit, a psychiatric unit near Richmond, Texas. 
The death row prisoners reside in Building 12, a two story facility which opened in 1993 to house administrative segregation prisoners in solitary confinement. The death row offenders live in single person, cells, with each cell having a window. Death row offenders receive no programming and are not allowed to work. Death row prisoners receive meals through bean slots, gates in the cell doors. Whenever an offender is taken from his cell, such as when the offender goes to take a shower, the offender is strip searched. The offenders receive individual recreation in a caged area. Depending on the custody level, death row offenders may be eligible for having radios. Death row inmates wear white jumpsuits, the death row uniforms have the letters "DR" in black on the backs.
Perkinson said that the wait times that the offenders have before execution make the prison stressful for the inmates, visitors, and employees. Jonathan Bruce Reed (TDCJ Death Row #642), a death row offender, said that the mentality of the death row unit is "we keep you kenneled until your date." Larry Todd, a spokesperson of the prison, said that "when a person walks on to death row, there is a sense of change. It's just a different atmosphere."
During a US Judiciary hearing on solitary confinement, Anthony Graves, a former prisoner in the death row who was released in 2010, said that conditions were making prisoners lose their sanity. In 2013 James Ridgeway and Jean Casella of "Mother Jones" stated that "Some have been known to commit suicide or waive their appeals rather than continue living under such conditions."
A 2012 book by Bruce Jackson and Diane Christian discusses the Polunsky Unit. According to one passage: "Whenever a condemned prisoner goes anywhere outside his cell, he must back up to the door, drop to his knees, and extend his hands backward through the narrow slot to be handcuffed. Then he stands, turns around, and waits for the door to be opened. The whole process of dropping to the knees and extending the arms backward is particularly difficult and painful for the older convicts with arthritis."
Jackson and Christian point out that the state laws for Texas, and most other states, do not lay out "the specific conditions under which condemned prisoners live."
Polunsky in the media.
Polunsky is a setting of the book "Blow Fly" by Patricia Cornwell. 
Notable inmates.
Death row:
Non-death row:

</doc>
<doc id="18942333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942333" title="Bembexia">
Bembexia

† Bembexia is a genus of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks. This genus is placed in the subfamily Eotomariinae, of the family Eotomariidae. The shell characters resemble those of Balbinipleura. These snails have been interpreted as herbivorous, probably grazing on algae. 
These fossils are found in sedimentary rocks deposited from 340 to , including the Hamilton Group of eastern North America. Other fossil sites include Alaska, Western Europe including the UK, Venezuela, China and Australia.
Species.
Species within the genus "Bembexia" include:

</doc>
<doc id="18942377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942377" title="Silent Tongues">
Silent Tongues

Silent Tongues is a live album by Cecil Taylor on solo piano recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1974. It features Taylor's five-movement work "Silent Tongues" along with two encores.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album five stars stating: "To simplify in explaining what he was doing at this point of time, it can be said that Taylor essentially plays the piano like a drum set, creating percussive and thunderous sounds that are otherworldly and full of an impressive amount of energy and atonal ideas. Many listeners will find these performances to be quite difficult but it is worth the struggle to open up one's perceptions as to what music can be".

</doc>
<doc id="18942407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942407" title="Exposed (2003 film)">
Exposed (2003 film)

Exposed is a 2003 American independent comedy film starring Brenda Strong, Lumi Cavazos, Gia Carides, Tate Donovan and Missi Pyle.
Bob Smith (Donovan), the host of the scandalous news show "Probe", launches an investigation to dig up dirt on three popular television celebrities who are up for a "Woman of Distinction Award".

</doc>
<doc id="18942438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942438" title="Bayahibe">
Bayahibe

Bayahíbe is a town in the Dominican Republic, located about east of La Romana on the shore of the Caribbean Sea. Founded as a fishing village in 1874 by Juan Brito and his family, who came from Puerto Rico, the town is now a tourist destination.
The name Bayahíbe.
Bayahíbe is an indigenous word. Its meaning is not known for sure, but there are many names that include the tainos word Baya. "Baya" is the name given to it to a bivalve mollusk, like clams that are glued to the rocks or roots of mangrove trees. "Jib", or "Hib" (is the same word) is the name that gave the Indians a sort of sieve manufactured from sticks used to sift cassava flour.
Tourism.
Bayahíbe Beach, a public beach, is located less than a mile from the town center, and Dominicus Beach is in about three miles distance. Bayahíbe serves as an embarkation point for boat tours to Saona Island, a thinly inhabited island with extensive beaches located in a national park. In the vicinity of Bayahíbe and Dominicus Beach, numerous large resorts are located.
Scuba Diving & other watersports.
Scuba Diving is probably the most common tourist attraction in Bayahíbe - Bayahíbe being the best location for scuba in the Dominican Republic. There are close to 10 scuba diving shops scattered around the main beach. There are many shops that take scuba divers to the many dive sites around the area. There are over 20 official dive sites located near Bayahíbe and all are accessible from the dive boats in the area. There are 3 Shipwrecks in the area including Atlantic Princess, St George and Coco.
Bayahíbe benefits from the crystal clear, calm waters of the Caribbean Sea which makes it perfect for many water sports including snorkeling and stand up paddle boarding. Deep Sea Fishing is another popular activity.
The Pereskia quisqueyana.
In Bayahíbe grows a small group of plants that are extremely important to the biological characteristics of this area: in particular, the Pereskia quisqueyana. This plant species is endemic to Bayahíbe. Pereskia quisqueyana is known for its beautiful flowers. The popular name by which this pink flower is known is "Bayahíbe Rose."
Audrey Mestre.
On October 12, 2002, the French world record-setting free-diver, died while attempting to free-dive to a depth of off the coast of Bayahíbe.

</doc>
<doc id="18942487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942487" title="Cameron Dunn">
Cameron Dunn

Cameron Dunn (born February 13, 1984 in Alta Loma, California) is an American soccer player who plays for Los Angeles Blues in the USL Professional Division.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Dunn attended Alta Loma High School where he was a three-year letterwinner in soccer while also captaining the team both his junior and senior years. Dunn was named Mt. Baldy League MVP, and named to First Team All-CIF in his final season at Alta Loma High School.
Dunn played college soccer at NCAA Division I University of California, Irvine where he redshirted his freshman season, but played on the first team from 2003 to 2006. During the 2003, 2004 and 2005 collegiate off seasons, Dunn played for Orange County Blue Star in the USL Premier Development League, helping the team to the Southwest Division title and the National playoff semi finals in 2005.
Professional.
Dunn was drafted in the 4th round (46th overall) of the 2007 MLS SuperDraft by Chivas USA. He signed as a developmental player on March 2, 2007 but was released by the team on April 12, 2007. 
Dunn instead signed with expansion franchise California Victory in the USL First Division, playing ten games through the rest of the season, but Victory folded and withdrew from the league at the end of the season. 
In 2008, Dunn joined Los Angeles-based amateur team Hollywood United, and helped them shock Portland Timbers in the first round of the 2008 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup. Dunn also spent time training with Chivas USA and playing in three MLS Reserve Division games, scoring one goal. 
On August 1, 2008, the Portland Timbers of the USL First Division signed Dunn for the remainder of the season. He was released on December 7, 2009 after spending 2 years with the club.
Having spent 2010 out of the professional game, Dunn signed with the expansion Los Angeles Blues of the new USL Professional League on January 19, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18942560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942560" title="Piaggio Liberty">
Piaggio Liberty

The Piaggio Liberty is a two-wheeled scooter from the Italian manufacturer Piaggio.
The first Liberty was built in 1997, then it has been resyled first in 2004 and then in 2009.
Variants.
125cc and 200cc versions are available. Both feature air-cooled, single cylinder 4 stroke Piaggio LEADER engines, identical to those used in Piaggio's Vespa.
In Italy are also available 2 version 50cc (2 stroke and 4 stroke engine) and the 150cc version (4 stroke).

</doc>
<doc id="18942561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942561" title="R'n'r">
R'n'r

R'n'r may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18942562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942562" title="Rohullah Nikpai">
Rohullah Nikpai

Rohullah Nikpai () (born June 15, 1987) is an Afghan taekwondo practitioner and two-time Olympic bronze medalist. He is an ethnic Hazara.
Career.
Nikpai started his training in Kabul, Afghanistan, at the age of 10. During the bloody conflict over the capital city, his family left the city and settled in one of Iran's many Afghan refugee camps. He soon became a member of the Afghan refugee Taekwondo team after watching martial arts movies. He returned to Kabul in 2004 and continued his training at the government provided Olympic training facility. At the 2006 Asian Games in Doha, Qatar Nikpai competed in the flyweight division where he was defeated by eventual silver medalist Nattapong Tewawetchapong of Thailand in round 16.
Nikpai competed in the 58 kg category at the 2008 Summer Olympics, defeating two-time world champion Juan Antonio Ramos of Spain to win the bronze medal, making him Afghanistan's first Olympic medalist in any event. He became a national hero, returning to Afghanistan and getting off the plane to be met with a crowd of many thousands. Afghanistan president Hamid Karzai immediately called to congratulate Nikpai. He also awarded him a house, car, and other luxuries at the government’s expense. "I hope this will send a message of peace to my country after 30 years of war," Nikpai said. In the 2012 Summer Olympics, Rohullah entered the 68 kg category, where he was beaten by Iran's Mohammad Bagheri Motamed; he eventually won his bronze medal at the Olympic Games after defeating Martin Stamper of Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="18942579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942579" title="List of festivals in the Republic of Macedonia">
List of festivals in the Republic of Macedonia

Festivals in the Republic of Macedonia include:

</doc>
<doc id="18942615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942615" title="Zubovka">
Zubovka

Zubovka () is the name of several rural localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="18942658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942658" title="Bold Strokes Books">
Bold Strokes Books

Bold Strokes Books is a United States publisher headquartered in Johnsonville, New York that specializes in lesbian-themed fiction, covering a variety of genres including action/adventure, erotica, mystery, romance and science fiction/horror, as well as general fiction. The company was founded in July 2004 by Len Barot.
As of 2008, Bold Strokes Books has published more than 130 works by more than 40 authors.
Among its most notable titles are "In Too Deep" by Ronica Black (2005), "Mistress of the Runes" by Andrews & Austin (2007), "Lady Knight" by L-J Baker (2007), and "Blind Curves" by Jacob and Diane Anderson-Minshall (2007).
In 2007, Bold Strokes Books accomplished a LGBTQ publishers first by becoming recognized by the Romance Writers of America.
The company is also a sponsor of the annual Lesbian Book Festival in Palm Springs, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18942673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942673" title="Philippe Coutinho">
Philippe Coutinho

Philippe Coutinho Correia (; born 12 June 1992) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Liverpool and the Brazil national team.
His playing style and ability have drawn comparison to Brazil international and legend Ronaldinho.
Club career.
Vasco da Gama.
Coutinho started his footballing career as part of Vasco da Gama's youth system and was bought by Italian Serie A giants Internazionale in 2008, at the age of 16, for €4 million. Coutinho stayed at Vasco on loan until his 18th birthday, becoming a first team player for the Brazilian side despite his young age.
Internazionale.
Coutinho's move to Internazionale became effective on July 2010, after he turned 18, with new head coach Rafael Benítez and chairman Massimo Moratti being quoted saying that "Coutinho is the future of Inter".
He made his official debut in an Internazionale jersey as a substitute during the "Nerazzurri"'s 2–0 defeat at the hands of Atlético Madrid in the 2010 UEFA Super Cup final on 27 August 2010. After dropping out of selection in the starting line up, he returned and proved crucial in the 3–2 win over Bayern Munich in Germany as he provided a beautiful ball for Samuel Eto'o after running at the defense, followed by Eto'o setting up Wesley Sneijder for the second Inter goal; a game which Internazionale would go onto win and progress to the Quarter Finals of the Champions League on the away goals rule. On 8 May 2011, he scored his first goal for Internazionale from a free-kick that curled above the wall and into the net in a game that Internazionale won 3–1 at home against Fiorentina.
His second goal for Inter came in a match against Cagliari on 19 November 2011 where Coutinho picked up a through ball from his teammate Alvarez to place the ball into the bottom left corner of the net to make it 2–0 to Internazionale. He further became involved and staked a claim for his spot when he provided an assist during a game against Fiorentina and was heavily involved in the second goal.
Coutinho has overall 3 goals and 16 assist to his name including all competition for Inter. He moved in and out during year 2011-2012 at Inter and was loaned out to Espanyol.
Espanyol (loan).
On 30 January 2012, Coutinho joined Spanish side Espanyol on loan until the end of the 2011–12 season. Coutinho made his first appearance for Espanyol on 4 February 2012 in a 3–3 draw in a match vs. Athletic Bilbao. He scored his first goal for the Catalan side in the ninth minute of a game held on 11 March in a 5–1 victory against Rayo Vallecano. He scored his second goal in the 21st minute of the same game. He continued his fine form as he scored a sublime volley against Racing Santandar and a well placed free kick against Malaga. On 18 May 2012, Coutinho made his return to Inter and began training immediately upon arrival to the Angelo Moratti Training Facility. He was included in 20-men squad for a friendly tour to Indonesia. Those 20 players were without international duty.
Liverpool.
On 26 January 2013, Liverpool reportedly agreed a £8.5m fee with Internazionale for Coutinho, although at that time he was almost a Chelsea player, he was also linked with Barcelona, Real Madrid, Manchester United and Manchester City, but the player chose Liverpool and was soon pending a medical exam and a work permit from the Home Office as he did not have enough international appearances to qualify automatically. Southampton had also expressed an interest in Coutinho, who had played under Southampton manager Mauricio Pochettino at Espanyol, but Coutinho said he would prefer to join Liverpool. On 30 January, Liverpool confirmed the signing of Coutinho on a long-term contract after he was successful in his work permit application, and was given the number 10 shirt.
He made his debut on 11 February 2013, replacing Stewart Downing in the 78th minute of a 2–0 defeat against West Brom at Anfield. Less than a week later, on 17 February he scored his first goal for Liverpool on his full debut in a 5–0 victory over Swansea City, 16 seconds into the second half, after an exquisite through ball from Luis Suarez On 2 March, he set up Liverpool's first and second goals of the game in a 4–0 win against Wigan Athletic. Coutinho scored his second goal for Liverpool in a 3–1 away loss to Southampton. On 31 March, he set up Liverpool's first goal in a 2–1 away win against Aston Villa. On 27 April, he won the Man of the Match award in Liverpool's 6–0 away victory of Newcastle United. Coutinho ran the game for Liverpool, claiming two assists, being heavily involved in another, and winning the free-kick from which Jordan Henderson added Liverpool's sixth. Coutinho won Player of the Month for Liverpool in March. On 12 May he assisted Daniel Sturridge for his second and third goals, helping Sturridge claim his first Premier League hat-trick, in a 1–3 victory over Fulham at Craven Cottage. Coutinho scored Liverpool's final goal of the season against QPR in Jamie Carragher's final match for the club. Jordon Ibe began a twisting run before setting the ball off to the Brazilian, who executed a fine driven shot into the bottom left corner from 30 yards out; Ibe was credited with the assist on his Liverpool debut.
On 16 September 2013, Coutinho injured his shoulder against Swansea City after a clash with Ashley Williams . He was restored to the starting line-up for the 4–0 victory over Fulham F.C at Anfield on 9 November. On 23 November, Coutinho scored the opening goal of the Merseyside derby in the 5th minute. Coutinho created his first assist of the season with a corner in the 5–1 thrashing of Norwich at Anfield. On 26 December, he scored the first half opening goal at Manchester City from a tight angle before City scored twice in the same half to win the game.
Style of play.
Considered to be an archetypal Brazilian number 10 with trickery, flair, fantastic vision and an eye for goal. Coutinho has been used as an offensive midfielder (trequartista), second striker and on the flanks. He has that vision and passing ability to unlock defences at will with mesmerising through balls, and does so on a consistent basis. He has been compared to Lionel Messi and Ronaldinho by former Espanyol manager Mauricio Pochettino, and has been highly praised by fellow Liverpool teammates.
International career.
A key player in the Brazilian squad that won the 2009 South American Under-17 Football Championship scoring 3 goals, Coutinho made his first senior appearance in a Brazil shirt on 7 October 2010, starting in a friendly match against Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="18942674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942674" title="Night Terrors (film)">
Night Terrors (film)

Night Terrors is a 1995 American-Canadian-Egyptian horror film, directed by Tobe Hooper. The plot involves a young girl travels to Cairo to visit her father, but becomes unwillingly involved with a bizarre sadomasochistic cult led by the charismatic Paul Chevalier, a descendant of Marquis de Sade. Horror star Robert Englund plays both Chevalier and de Sade.
Critical reception.
John Kenneth Muir wrote in "Horror Films of the 1990s", "Many Tobe Hooper films admirably shatter taboos and film decorum, but there's little intellectual, stylish gamesmanship in this underwhelming film." "Contemporary North American Film Directors" noted that, along with 1989's "Spontaneous Combustion", director Tobe Hooper "plumbed new depths".
The film currently holds a 2.9/10 rating on the Internet Movie Database based on over six hundred user ratings.

</doc>
<doc id="18942682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942682" title="Tour de l'Abitibi">
Tour de l'Abitibi

The "Tour de l'Abitibi" is a junior bicycle stage race taking place in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue region of Quebec, Canada. The race was first held in 1969 and did not, at the time, include non-Canadian teams. It has since become an international competition part of the Junior Nation's Cup ("Coupe des Nations Junior") and is currently the only junior-level race in North America sponsored by the Union Cycliste Internationale. A number of renowned cyclists, such as Steve Bauer, Laurent Jalabert, Bobby Julich and Andrew Hampsten have participated in the Tour before launching their professional careers.
Since 2000, one stage of the Tour de l'Abitibi takes place in an underground mine of "Cité de l'Or", some 300 feet (91 m) below ground. Cyclists must ride through the tunnels and up the access ramp (a 17% slope) before racing through the streets of Val-d'Or.

</doc>
<doc id="18942694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942694" title="Masoud Hashemzadeh">
Masoud Hashemzadeh

Masoud Hashemzadeh (, born September 21, 1981 in Mianeh) is an Iranian wrestler. He has competed in two Olympics but has yet to win a medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18942703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942703" title="Mendiola FC 1991">
Mendiola FC 1991

The Mendiola Football Club 1991 or Mendiola United FC is an association football club based in the Philippines. It was founded in 1991. It trains and enters teams in various age groups from the Youth level to the Senior level. It is one of the founding members of United Football League (Philippines), which was last saw competing in 2009–10 United Football League (Philippines).
In 2012, the club resurgent by joining the 2012-13 UFL Cup and defeating FC Masbate 4 - 0 in Stage 1.

</doc>
<doc id="18942719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942719" title="Etc. (album)">
Etc. (album)

Etc. is a collection of b-sides and rarities by San Francisco punk band Jawbreaker. 

</doc>
<doc id="18942723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942723" title="Giligan's F.C.">
Giligan's F.C.

The Giligan's Football Club was an association football club based in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="18942732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942732" title="Jana Pechanová">
Jana Pechanová

Jana Pechanová (; born March 3, 1981 in Rakovník, Czechoslovakia) is an Olympic distance swimmer from the Czech Republic. She swam for the Czech Olympic team at the 2004, 2008 and 2012.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics, Pechanová finished 8th in 10 km distance. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she finished 9th in the same event.

</doc>
<doc id="18942787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942787" title="List of Worldcons by city">
List of Worldcons by city

This is a list of World Science Fiction Conventions (Worldcons) held so far, or scheduled to be held, sorted by city. The data is maintained by the "Long List Committee", a sub-committee of WSFS.
Also see the List of Worldcons by date.

</doc>
<doc id="18942802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942802" title="Beautiful Tragedy (Lisa Brokop album)">
Beautiful Tragedy (Lisa Brokop album)

Beautiful Tragedy is the seventh studio album by Canadian country music artist Lisa Brokop. It was released on August 19, 2008 by Ellbea Music and distributed by Fontana Distribution.
"Band in the Window" was previously recorded by Pam Tillis on her 2007 album "RhineStoned" and released as a single, but did not chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18942817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942817" title="Jacobs River, New Zealand">
Jacobs River, New Zealand

Jacobs River is a locality in the West Coast region of the South Island of New Zealand, situated just to the north of where State Highway 6 crosses the Jacobs River. Bruce Bay is about 7 km to the south-west, and Fox Glacier is almost 40 km to the north-east, by road.
Education.
Jacobs River School is a coeducational full primary (years 1-8) school with a decile rating of 5 and a roll of 4.

</doc>
<doc id="18942829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942829" title="Juan Antonio Ramos">
Juan Antonio Ramos

Juan Antonio Ramos Sánchez (born August 18, 1976 in Barcelona) is a Spanish taekwondo practitioner. 
He is a two-time world champion, winning the finweight title in 1997 and the flyweight title in 2007. He also competed for Spain at the 2004 and 2008 Olympic Games, finishing fourth and equal fifth respectively. He is married to Brigitte Yagüe, also successful in taekwondo. He was a coach at the 2012 Olympic Games for Anthony Obame of Gabon, where Obame won Silver medal in men's heavyweight.
Now Ramos is the French national team coach.

</doc>
<doc id="18942859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942859" title="Your Universe">
Your Universe

Your Universe is the debut album of the former Rivermaya frontman, Rico Blanco.

</doc>
<doc id="18942865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942865" title="Cebu F.A.">
Cebu F.A.

The Cebu Football Association is a Filipino football association based in Cebu City. It works under the Philippine Football Federation as provincial football association for the Cebu province. The Cebu FA sends a team to represent the region in the yearly PFF National Men's Club Championship. 

</doc>
<doc id="18942866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942866" title="Naismith Trophy">
Naismith Trophy

The Naismith Trophy is a trophy awarded to the men's champion of the FIBA Basketball World Cup, and is named for basketball inventor James Naismith. The trophy was first awarded for the winner of the 1967 FIBA World Championship. The current version of the trophy was awarded for the first time at the 1998 FIBA World Championship.
As early as the first tournament in 1950, FIBA had decided to name the trophy in honor of Naismith, but did not have the funds to create the trophy. Finally, in 1965, FIBA received a US $1,000 donation and commissioned a trophy. The trophy was introduced at the 1967 tournament and was awarded to the Soviet Union, which won their first ever FIBA World Championship at the tournament.
The original trophy was remodeled and a new, updated trophy was introduced for the 1998 FIBA World Championship. The original trophy now sits at the Pedro Ferrándiz Foundation in Spain. The new Naismith Trophy was forged by Goldsmith master Günter Schoebel who came from Bad Kreuznach, Germany. The design of the trophy was inspired by the travels of long-time FIBA Secretary General Renato William Jones. The new trophy was presented to the World Champions from Yugoslavia for the first time following the Finals on 9 August 1998 in Athens.
The top part of the newly created Naismith Trophy has a lotus flower design. The decagonal rotating middle piece, with carved maps of the continents and precious stones inlaid, symbolizes the five continents. Black onyx, yellow citrine, green chyrsopase, red garnet and blue topaz represent all the regions in the world. Jones was particularly enamored with Egypt; the lotus design was inspired by the Temples of Karnak and Dr. Naismith's name is engraved on all four sides in Latin and Arabic scripts, Chinese characters, and Egyptian hieroglyphs.
The 975/1000 sterling silver on the upper and lower parts – gold plated on the inside – and the 14-carat yellow gold middle part make the cup particularly valuable and precious. The base is made of Rosa Porrhino marble and measures 20 x 20 centimeters (7.9 inches). The top of the cup has a circumference of 21 centimeters (8.3 inches). Standing 47 centimeters tall (18.5 inches), the trophy weighs a whopping nine kilograms (20 pounds).

</doc>
<doc id="18942887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942887" title="Quezon F.A.">
Quezon F.A.

The Quezon Football Association is a Filipino football association based in Lucena in Quezon. It works under the Philippine Football Federation as provincial football association for the Quezon area. The Quezon FA sends a team to represent the region in the yearly PFF National Men's Club Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18942898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942898" title="Tan Boo Liat">
Tan Boo Liat

Tan Boo Liat was a wealthy Singapore philanthropist. He was the son of Tan Soon Toh, grandson of Tan Kim Ching and great-grandson of Tan Tock Seng. He was educated locally. He was a member of the Singapore Volunteer Infantry and was among the contingent present at King Edward's coronation. He was the head of the Hockien "pang" in Singapore. He was Chairman of the Pok Chek Kiong Temple's Committee of Management. He was a strong supporter of Dr. Sun Yat-sen and member of the Singapore T'ung Meng Hui along with Lim Boon Keng and Dr. S. C. Yin and a president of the Singapore Kuomintang. He headed the Fukien Protection Fund together with Tan Kah Kee collecting $130,000 during a nine-month campaign.
He was a trustee of the Anglo-Chinese School's Boarding School, and together with Dr. Lim Boon Keng, Sir Song Ong Siang and a few other Straits-born Chinese leaders, he initiated the Singapore Chinese Girls' School.
He had a stable of a dozen racehorses. In 1898 his famous horse, Vanitas won the Viceroy's cup in Calcutta, India, the first time that a horse from the Straits Settlements or the Federated Malay States won this trophy, earning Tan Boo Liat $100,000.
He had strong commercial links to Thailand and was honoured by the King of Thailand, two of the things he had in common with his famous grandfather Tan Kim Ching. In 1920 he was awarded the title Phra Anukul Sayamkich.
He owned Golden Bell Mansion (built 1901) on Pender Road at the Mount Washington side of Mount Faber, Singapore. Dr. Sun Yat-sen stayed there on 15 December 1911 as did his wife and daughters (February 1912). After Tan Boo Liat's death in Shanghai in 1934 the house was sold. It is currently occupied by the Danish Seaman's Mission.
His daughter, Polly Tan Poh Li, married Seow Poh Leng after the death of his sister, Lilian Tan Luck Neo, Seow's first wife.

</doc>
<doc id="18942922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18942922" title="It's Your Duty">
It's Your Duty

"It's Your Duty" is the debut single released by Scandinavia singer Lene. The song was released on 8 September 2003, as the lead single from her first and only album Play with Me. The song peaked at #3 in the Danish charts. 
Track listing.
UK CD Promo<br>
"Side A"
"Side B"

</doc>
<doc id="18943016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943016" title="Price channels">
Price channels

A price channel is a pair of parallel trend lines that form a chart pattern for a stock or commodity. Channels may be horizontal, ascending or descending. When prices pass through and stay through a trendline representing support or resistance, the trend is said to be broken and there is a "breakout".

</doc>
<doc id="18943053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943053" title="Davao F.A.">
Davao F.A.

The Davao Football Association is a Filipino football association based in Davao City. It works under the Philippine Football Federation as provincial football association for the Davao City area. The Davao FA sends a team to represent the region in the yearly PFF National Men's Club Championship. 

</doc>
<doc id="18943073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943073" title="The Master Touch">
The Master Touch

The Master Touch (Italian: Un uomo da rispettare) is a 1972 Italian / West German crime film directed by Michele Lupo starring Kirk Douglas and Florinda Bolkan.
The film is also known as A Man to Respect in the Philippines and the USA.
Plot summary.
Douglas plays a safe cracker who has just been released from prison. His faithful and beautiful wife has waited for his release. He attempts what he plans to be one last burglary of a safe in the top floor of a Hamburg building. He calculates that even if unsuccessful, a prison sentence would be manageable. However, he miscalculates when a building guard is killed by accident, something that will result in a life sentence. He is led away by police as his wife looks on.
Soundtrack.
Ennio Morricone Un Uomo da Rispettare

</doc>
<doc id="18943079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943079" title="Lockdown drill">
Lockdown drill

Lockdown drills are means of practicing preparedness in a business in the event of an intruder or criminal act. Generally an announcement is given that the building is going on an immediate lockdown. At that point, all occupants present at the time of the drill go to a room and lock all doors and windows tight. They must remain still until a "clear signal" has been issued. If the emergency is really life-threatening, then occupants present at the time of the emergency will evacuate to a meeting zone well away from the premises (scene of the emergency).
Frequency.
Some schools, businesses, and agencies will conduct a lockdown drill yearly. Some schools may do a yearly lockdown drill as a replacement for or in addition to a fire drill.
Schools.
Schools will do a lockdown drill one or two times per year. Some drills will be a standard lock-in until "clear signal" while occasionally an evacuation will take place. In an emergency depending on the severity, students may need to go home instead of returning to regularly scheduled classes. Some schools/counties have emergency codes. Sometimes a school may only be on lockout. Lockouts are when a criminal is close to the school. All doors that lead to the outside are locked; that way the criminal can't get inside the building. There are different levels. Level 1 represents an immediate threat; all students and teachers must hide and stop doing what they're doing. Level 2 represents a possible threat. All activities that require going outdoors are cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="18943082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943082" title="Port Lligat">
Port Lligat

Port Lligat or Portlligat is a small village located in a small bay on Cap de Creus peninsula, on the Costa Brava of the Mediterranean Sea, in the municipality of Cadaqués in the Alt Empordà comarca, in Girona province, Catalonia, Spain. The Island of Port Lligat (or Island of Portlligat) is located at the entrance of the bay, separated from the mainland by a narrow 30-metre-wide canal. 
Salvador Dalí lived in the village and his house has been converted into the Casa-Museo Salvador Dalí. Both the bay and the island have been represented in several of Dalí's paintings, such as "The Madonna of Port Lligat", "Crucifixion (Corpus Hypercubus)", and "The Sacrament of the Last Supper".

</doc>
<doc id="18943086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943086" title="F.A. of Masbate">
F.A. of Masbate

The Football Association of Masbate is a Filipino football association based in Masbate. It works under the Philippine Football Federation as provincial football association for the region. The FA of Masbate sends a team to represent the region in the yearly PFF National Men's Club Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18943126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943126" title="2003 U.S. Bank Cleveland Grand Prix">
2003 U.S. Bank Cleveland Grand Prix

The 2003 U.S. Bank Cleveland Grand Prix was the ninth round of the 2003 CART World Series season, held on July 5, 2003 at Burke Lakefront Airport in Cleveland, Ohio. It was the first road course race to be held at night in CART history.

</doc>
<doc id="18943127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943127" title="Əlikənd">
Əlikənd

Əlikənd or Alikend or Alykend or Alikand or Allykend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18943128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943128" title="Airemón mac Áedo">
Airemón mac Áedo

Airemón mac Áedo (died 886) (also Éiremón) was a Dál Fiatach king of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland. He was the grandson of Eochaid mac Fiachnai (died 810), a previous king of Ulaid. He ruled from 882-886.
In 882 he succeeded his brother Ainbíth mac Áedo as leth-rí (half-king or co-ruler) of Ulaid jointly with his other brother, Eochocán mac Áedo (died 883). However, the next year in 883, Eochocán was killed by his nephews, the sons of Ainbíth, leaving Airemón as sole king. Airemón was himself killed in 886 by the Norseman, Eolóir son of Iergne (Halldór, son of Járn-kné) 
His sons included Bécc mac Airemóin (died 893), a King of Ulaid and Máel Mórda who was slain at the Battle of Grellach Eilte in 914 fighting in the forces of Niall Glúndub (died 919) of the northern Ui Neill versus the high king Flann Sinna (died 916).

</doc>
<doc id="18943146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943146" title="Auburn Washburn School District">
Auburn Washburn School District

The Auburn-Washburn School District (Kansas Unified School District #437) is a Unified school district in Topeka, Kansas. It serves Southern and Southwestern Shawnee County, Kansas, as well as a small portion of extreme northern Osage County. It serves Southwestern and Western portions of Topeka, Pauline, Kansas, Auburn, Kansas, and Wakarusa, Kansas. It has one primary school, six elementary schools, one middle school, and one high school.
History.
The Auburn-Washburn School District was established in 1966 as a result of the state-wide school consolidation initiative. Schools in Auburn, Pauline, and Topeka, came together to form Unified School District 437.
Some historical markers for the district are listed below:
Administration.
The Auburn Washburn School District is currently under the administration of Superintendent, Dr. Brenda S. Dietrich.
Board of Education.
The Auburn-Washburn School District board of education is currently under the leadership of President Jim Gartner and Vice President Dr, Terry Carney. Other board members include Darren Haddock, Trisha Brooke-Fruendt, David Hines, Harold Houck, and Dr. Bob Lohse. Board Clerk is Denise Taylor. The board meets on the first and third Monday of each month (except holidays) at 6:30 PM. The meetings are held at the Shuler Education Center.

</doc>
<doc id="18943181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943181" title="Monteplase">
Monteplase

Monteplase is an antithrombic proposed for use in acute myocardial infarction.

</doc>
<doc id="18943182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943182" title="Friesens">
Friesens

Friesens Corporation is Canada's largest printer of hardcover books. They are employee-owned, specializing in hardcover books and yearbooks, and located in Altona, Manitoba, Canada.
History.
Friesens was founded by David W. Friesen in 1907 as a confectionery store, which expanded to become a bookstore. In 1933, he purchased a printing press and began publication of the Red River Valley Echo. The company underwent rapid expansion in the 1960s and 70s, becoming a regional printer of high school yearbooks.
Current operations.
Friesens is Canada's largest printer of hardcover books. Furthermore, they have been rated as one of Canada's Best 50 Managed Companies by Deloitte and Touche on several occasions. As of 2006, Friesens is number 81 of the top 400 printing companies in the United States and Canada.
In 2000, Friesens printed the Canadian run of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, producing 400,000 copies of the book.

</doc>
<doc id="18943222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943222" title="Torneyamen">
Torneyamen

A torneyamen (; ; "tournament") or certamen was a lyric genre of the troubadours of the thirteenth century. Closely related to the "tenso", a debate between two poets, and the "partimen", a question posed by one poet and another's response, the "torneyamen" took place between several poets, originally usually three. The first three-way "tenso" was initiated by Raimbaut de Vaqueiras with Ademar de Peiteus and Perdigon. These wider "tensos" only became known as "torneyamens" later. A "tenso" or "partimen" that was submitted to another troubadour for adjudication may have a poetic "jutjamen" (judgement) attached to it and so may be considered as a "torneyamen" between three. The "torneyamen", like the related debate forms, was probably especially common at contests, such as floral games and "puys". Many such "tensos" and "partimens" come with attached "jutjamens" rendered in verse, as in the example "Senyer Bernatz, dues puncelhas say" cited below. 

</doc>
<doc id="18943225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943225" title="Hermitage Bridge">
Hermitage Bridge

The Hermitage Bridge () is a bridge across the Winter Canal along Palace Embankment in Saint Petersburg, Russia. The bridge constitutes part of the Hermitage and Winter Palace ensemble.
Ground location.
The bridge is between buildings Hermitage theatre (32, Palace Embankment) and Old Hermitage (34, Palace Embankment). 
Winter Canal through which will throw this bridge, proceeds between two islands: Winter Palace is on second Admiralty island (in the west), Hermitage theatre – on first Admiralty island (in the east). 
Automobile movement on the bridge dense, is carried out on two strips – on one in each party. 
Channel waters under the bridge flow in a direction from Neva to Moyka, movement of courts on the channel unilateral – from Moyka to Neva.
The nearest station of the Saint Petersburg Metro – "Gostini dvor", an exit on Griboyedov Canal (1.2 km).
History.
The original bridge was a three-span wooden drawbridge constructed in 1718–20 by Herman van Boles, immediately after the canal near the Winter Palace was completed. This bridge was narrow, allowing passage of only one cart at a time.
The permanent stone bridge was built in 1763–66, in conjunction with building of granite embankments of the Neva River. 
Today, Hermitage Bridge remains the oldest stone bridge in Saint Petersburg.
Originally the arch of the bridge was built from brick and limestone with granite exterior. 
In 1934 it was replaced with the new monolithic hinge-free ferroconcrete arch, but the granite facade was preserved by the project of engineer A. D. Sapestein and architect K. M. Dmitriev, the adviser – professor G. P. Peredery. 
In 1950, the original decor of ramps was restored.
Name.
On 20 April 1738, the bridge received its first official name of "Upper Embankment Bridge" () after the Upper Embankment street (today's Palace Embankment). However, this name didn't catch on. The name "Winter Palace Bridge" () after the nearby Winter Palace started to circulate in the middle of the 18th century. From the end of the 18th century the bridge was renamed to "Palace Bridge" (not to be confused with the modern Palace Bridge). The current name was established in 1929. The Hermitage Bridge name came from the Hermitage Theater which was built by that time between Winter Canal and Winter Palace.

</doc>
<doc id="18943236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943236" title="Heinz Valk">
Heinz Valk

Heinz Valk (birth name Heinrich Valk) (born March 7, 1936 in Gatchina) is an Estonian artist, caricaturist and politician. He is credited for coining the term "Singing Revolution" () and its slogan "One day, no matter what, we will win!" () some of the most famous sentences from the end of the 1980s and beginning of the 1990s, to describe Estonia's struggle for regaining independence from the Soviet Union in the early 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="18943277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943277" title="Jenny Boult">
Jenny Boult

Jenny Boult (8 October 1951—1 November 2005), also known as MML Bliss, was an Australian poet, playwright, and editor.
Biography.
Jenny Boult was born in Warwickshire, England in 1951, migrating to Western Australia with her family in 1967. Her family consisted of mother Florence Mary (Molly) Boult (maiden name Elliot), father Leslie Dean Boult, younger brother Jeremy Dean Boult Jr and younger sister Christine Anne Boult. Jenny attended Applecross Senior High School in Perth and won a Commonwealth scholarship to the University of Western Australia. She lived for a time in Sydney and Melbourne before returning to Perth with her infant son, then movedto Adelaide with Harry Bardwell and her son Daniel in 1977.
Jenny was instrumental in setting up the Friendly St poets in Adelaide at the Box Factory and she lived in McLaren St for many years before moving to Norwood.
In 1994 Jenny moved to Tasmania with her long-time friend and partner, now deceased. She died in 2005 after a long battle with lung cancer.
Her nearest relative is her granddaughter Alice, who lives in Port Lincoln.
MML Bliss says she was once told in the post office of a country town in the north-east of Tasmania that she might be Jenny Boult on the mainland, but in Derby, she was Mrs. Smith.
Poems, stories and plays by Jenny and MML Bliss have appeared in magazines, journals and anthologies in Australia and overseas. Jenny Boult's works have been translated into French, Swedish, Norwegian, Urdu, German and Italian.
MML Bliss lived for many years in Launceston, Tasmania and was President of the Tasmanian Poetry Festival. She was a book reviewer for Thylazine and Sidewalk magazines and awarded a Hydro Tasmania Fellowship for 2003. In 2002 was awarded a Booranga Writers Fellowship at Wagga Wagga in NSW.
Works.
Boult was joint winner of the 1981 Anne Elder Award for "the hotel anonymous", her first collection of poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="18943330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943330" title="Dave Campbell (pitcher)">
Dave Campbell (pitcher)

David Alan Campbell (born September 3, 1951) is a former professional baseball pitcher. Campbell pitched two seasons in Major League Baseball for the Atlanta Braves in 1977 and 1978. He appeared in 118 games, all but 14 in relief.
Campbell was signed by the Braves as an amateur free agent in 1974. After two and a half seasons in the minor leagues, Campbell made his major league debut on May 1, 1977 against the Chicago Cubs. He would go on to finish 10th in the National League in saves that year with 13.
In 1978, Campbell finished more games than the previous season, but had just 1 save, and his ERA jumped from 3.05 to 4.80. Also, control proved to be a problem, as he issued 49 walks in 69.1 innings.
The following spring, he was traded to the Montreal Expos for infielder Pepe Frías. He pitched the next three seasons for their top farm club, the Denver Bears, but never returned to the major leagues.
He now is a high school teacher at Lyman High School in Longwood, FL teaching Operation Diploma. And is well known amongst the school for his past as a pitcher for the Atlanta Braves.

</doc>
<doc id="18943340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943340" title="Fame in the 20th Century">
Fame in the 20th Century

Fame in the 20th Century was a 1993 BBC documentary television series and book by Clive James. The book and series examined the phenomenon of fame and how it expanded to international mass media proportions throughout the 20th century. The 8 episodes were divided in roughly 8 decades, from the 1900s to the 1980s. Each episode highlighted world famous people during that part of the century. James delivered interesting and amusing comments about the portrayed celebrities and the various ways they became famous.
In the USA, the series were broadcast on PBS.
Concept.
James and his team developed the series as a study on the concept fame, and more specifically "world fame". They focused on over 250 people who are "undeniably world famous". Certain artists, musicians or sports figures became well known even for people who don't know much about their field. Louis Armstrong is for instance world famous, even for non-jazzfans or experts. Pelé became the most famous soccer player, even in the US: one of the few countries in the world where the sport isn't popular. People who know nothing about art have heard of the name Pablo Picasso and know his style. People who are not interested in tennis have heard of John McEnroe, due to his bad behaviour on the tennis court. More people know Luciano Pavarotti than Plácido Domingo.
Clive James focused on fame in the 20th century, because the arrival of mass media, film and television changed the ways people became famous forever. In the previous centuries people could only become famous by doing something that was remembered ages later. Julius Caesar and Napoleon Bonaparte conquered countries, Jesus Christ developed a religion, ... In the 20th century people could become world famous in less than no time and without doing anything, thanks to the arrival of mass media. Movie stars like Charlie Chaplin, for instance, have become global stars due to the nearly universal reach of film. James cites Chaplin as the first truly world famous 20th century celebrity. The invention of the film close-up made people on film screens appear larger than life and thus increased the emotional involvement of the audience. This often led to mass hysteria and confusions between an actor's stage persona and the roles he plays on the screen (as in the case of Rudolph Valentino). Certain politicians in the century have used the media to promote their own image to the public, as for instance John F. Kennedy, who looked like a movie star, and Ronald Reagan who even was a former movie star.
People could become world famous in a matter of a few days. Orson Welles became notorious after his radio play "War of the Worlds" caused mass hysteria in the United States. Salman Rushdie, who was already known in literary circles, became a household name to the broader public due to the fatwa spoken out against him in 1989. Clive James sees the USA as the place where this new type of mass media fame was born. According to him international fame is only possible if the celebrity becomes famous in the USA. Cricketer Jack Hobbs was world famous throughout the British Empire in the interbellum, but unknown in countries where cricket was not popular, like the USA. Babe Ruth did however get internationally famous, even though baseball was hardly played anywhere else outside the US.
Other celebrities have been around for so long that the reason they originally became famous has been almost forgotten. Elizabeth Taylor has been cited by James as an example of someone who originally achieved fame as an actress, but later became more famous for her weddings and lifestyle. As James observed, the fame of some celebrities fades away after a few years. Silent movie stars like Florence Lawrence and William S. Hart, for instance, have nowadays sunk into obscurity. Other celebrities have become more famous over time. James cites T.E. Lawrence as an example. The British military officer became famous during World War One, but only became truly world famous with the general public thanks to the 1962 movie "Lawrence of Arabia". Celebrities like Charlie Chaplin, Frank Sinatra, Elvis Presley, Marilyn Monroe, Madonna, Michael Jackson, The Beatles on the other hand, have never remained out of publicity and are nowadays famous for simply being who they are. Some people became famous due to their association with other celebrities. Examples are Yoko Ono (the wife of Beatle John Lennon), Lady Diana (who married Prince Charles in 1981) and Wallis Simpson (whose affair with King Edward VIII of the United Kingdom caused his abdication). Another phenomenon examined in the series is the change of someone's fame during time and thanks to mass media coverage. Charles Lindbergh, first famous as an aviation pioneer, became, to his horror, even more famous when his son was kidnapped and murdered. Dwight Eisenhower's fame as a general in World War II helped him win the presidential elections a decade later. Joseph McCarthy used the media in his hunt against communism, but in the end the media also worked against him. Elvis Presley's fame grew to legendary proportions after his death, when he sold even more albums than during his already successful lifetime.
When Clive James was asked by Charlie Rose in 1993 to name the three most famous people of the century he named: Elvis Presley, Mohammed Ali and Bruce Lee (and Adolf Hitler, "but the fact is the young Neonazis in Germany now don't really know much about Hitler. So that kind of fame not necessarily lasts.")
Famous moments.
The television series made use of seldom seen archive material and world famous film and audio material where celebrities did or said famous things. Sometimes the footage wasn't that famous, but used as a typical example of what the public associates with the celebrity or to show them during a more casual moment, instead as an icon. Examples are:
Celebrities portrayed in the series.
Early 20th century celebrities who were already famous in the late 19th century.
Clive James included them because these celebrities were internationally famous at the turn of the 19th century into the 20th century.
William Randolph Hearst, Thomas Alva Edison, Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom, Leon Tolstoy, Arthur Conan Doyle, Rudyard Kipling, Sarah Bernhardt, Isadora Duncan and Buffalo Bill.
1900–1918.
Enrico Caruso,
Wilbur Wright and Orville Wright,
Louis Blériot,
Marie Curie,
Theodore Roosevelt,
Florence Lawrence,
Francis X. Bushman,
William S. Hart,
Theda Bara,
Harry Houdini,
Robert Falcon Scott,
Roald Amundsen,
Henry James,
Jack Johnson,
Wilhelm II,
Paul von Hindenburg,
Ferdinand Foch,
George V of the United Kingdom,
Lloyd George,
Lord Kitchener,
The Red Baron,
T. E. Lawrence (Lawrence of Arabia),
Mata Hari,
Lenin,
Henry Ford,
Douglas Fairbanks,
Mary Pickford,
Charlie Chaplin,
Greta Garbo,
John Gilbert,
Sigmund Freud,
Pablo Picasso,
Igor Stravinsky,
Albert Einstein,
Albert Schweitzer 
1918–1932.
Suzanne Lenglen,
Anna Pavlova,
Nellie Melba,
Amy Johnson,
Malcolm Campbell,
Henry Seagrave,
Jack Hobbs,
Donald Bradman,
Babe Ruth,
Jack Dempsey,
Charles Lindbergh,
Al Capone,
Louis Armstrong,
Duke Ellington,
Josephine Baker,
F. Scott Fitzgerald,
Rudolph Valentino,
D. H. Lawrence,
James Joyce,
Coco Chanel,
Noël Coward,
Gertrude Lawrence,
Al Jolson,
Buster Keaton,
Laurel and Hardy,
T. S. Eliot,
Marlene Dietrich,
Maurice Chevalier,
Jeanette MacDonald,
Nelson Eddy,
Mae West,
George Gershwin,
Fred Astaire,
Ginger Rogers,
Bruno Hauptmann 
1932–1939.
Benito Mussolini 
George Bernard Shaw,
Adolf Hitler,
Rudolph Hess,
Joseph Goebbels,
Hermann Göring,
Heinrich Himmler,
Eva Braun,
Johnny Weissmuller,
Franklin D. Roosevelt,
Eleanor Roosevelt,
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi,
The Marx Brothers,
Bing Crosby,
Shirley Temple,
Arturo Toscanini,
Walt Disney,
Gary Cooper,
Howard Hughes,
Amelia Earhart,
James Stewart,
Henry Fonda,
James Cagney,
John Wayne,
Errol Flynn,
Clark Gable,
Vivien Leigh,
Jean Harlow,
Edward G. Robinson,
Joan Crawford,
Bette Davis,
Katharine Hepburn,
Spencer Tracy,
Ernest Hemingway,
Francisco Franco,
Orson Welles,
Edward VIII of the United Kingdom,
Wallis Simpson,
George VI of the United Kingdom,
Salvador Dalí,
Jesse Owens,
Joe Louis,
Max Schmeling,
Neville Chamberlain,
Joseph Stalin,
Judy Garland,
J. Edgar Hoover,
Billie Holiday 
1939–1945.
Winston Churchill,
Charles de Gaulle,
Philippe Pétain,
Bob Hope,
Humphrey Bogart,
Ingrid Bergman,
Hirohito,
Hideki Tōjō,
Isoroku Yamamoto,
Erwin Rommel,
Bernard Law Montgomery,
Lord Louis Mountbatten,
George Formby, Jr.,
Gracie Fields,
Vera Lynn,
Laurence Olivier,
Douglas MacArthur,
David Niven,
Ronald Reagan,
Frank Sinatra,
Benny Goodman,
Cary Grant,
Tommy Dorsey,
Artie Shaw,
Harry James,
Gene Krupa,
Glenn Miller,
Betty Grable,
Rita Hayworth,
Dwight Eisenhower,
George Patton,
Jean-Paul Sartre,
Simone de Beauvoir,
Jean Cocteau,
Chester W. Nimitz,
Harry S. Truman,
Ava Gardner,
Audie Murphy,
Guy Gibson,
Douglas Bader,
Mao Zedong,
Alfred Hitchcock,
Charlie Parker,
Margot Fonteyn 
1945–1960.
Liberace,
Lucille Ball,
Dezi Arnaz,
Edmund Hillary,
Tenzing Norgay,
Roger Bannister,
Elizabeth II,
Richard Nixon,
Joseph McCarthy,
Edward Murrow,
Paul Robeson,
Richard Burton,
Gene Kelly,
Sophia Loren,
Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis,
Marilyn Monroe,
Joe Dimaggio,
Arthur Miller,
Jack Lemmon,
Tony Curtis,
Brigitte Bardot,
Billy Graham,
Diana Dors,
Guy Gibson,
Richard Todd,
Kenneth More,
Alec Guinness,
Grace Kelly,
Rainier III,
Hugh Hefner,
Doris Day,
Rock Hudson,
Miles Davis,
Farouk I,
Aga Khan III,
Prince Aly Khan,
Juan Manuel Fangio,
Stirling Moss,
Charlton Heston,
Aristotle Onassis,
Maria Callas,
Evita Peron,
Marlon Brando,
James Dean,
Bill Haley,
Elvis Presley,
Colonel Tom Parker,
Pele,
Nikita Khrushchev,
Fidel Castro 
1960–1969.
John F. Kennedy,
Jacqueline Kennedy,
Elizabeth Taylor,
Sean Connery,
Christine Keeler,
John Profumo,
Sammy Davis, Jr.,
Peter Sellers,
Steve McQueen,
Rudolph Nureyev,
Yuri Gagarin,
Lee Harvey Oswald,
Jack Ruby,
Lyndon B. Johnson,
Diana Ross,
The Beatles,
The Rolling Stones,
Brian Epstein,
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi,
Yoko Ono,
Bob Dylan,
Che Guevara,
William Calley,
Muhammed Ali,
Martin Luther King,
Robert Kennedy,
Jane Fonda,
Leonid Brezhnev,
William Shatner,
Clint Eastwood,
Neil Armstrong,
Charles Manson,
Andy Warhol,
Prince Charles 
1969–1981.
Henry Kissinger,
Mother Teresa,
Diane Keaton,
Al Pacino,
Cher,
Elton John,
Jack Nicholson,
Warren Beatty,
Robert Redford,
Robert De Niro,
Paul Newman,
Raymond Burr (as Ironside),
William Conrad (as "Cannon),
Peter Falk (as Columbo),
James Garner (as Jim Rockford in "The Rockford Files"),
Telly Savalas (as Kojak),
The Osmonds,
Gerald Ford,
Mark Spitz,
Bobby Fischer,
Olga Korbut,
Alexander Solzhenitsyn,
Jodie Foster,
Roger Moore,
Björn Borg,
Billie Jean King,
Chris Evert,
John McEnroe,
Abba,
Bruce Lee,
David Bowie,
Patty Hearst,
Idi Amin,
Woody Allen,
Dustin Hoffman,
Steven Spielberg,
Barbra Streisand,
John Travolta,
Farrah Fawcett,
George Lucas,
Andreas Baader and Ulrike Meinhof,
The Sex Pistols,
Jimmy Carter,
Pope John Paul II,
Meryl Streep,
Larry Hagman (as J. R. Ewing in "Dallas"),
Ruhollah Khomeini 
1981–1992.
Lech Wałęsa, 
Margaret Thatcher,
Mark David Chapman,
John Hinckley, Jr.,
Sylvester Stallone,
Lady Diana,
Michael Jackson,
Joan Collins,
Arnold Schwarzenegger,
Madonna,
Oprah Winfrey, 
Eddie Murphy, 
Bill Cosby, 
Bob Geldof,
Oliver North,
Nelson Mandela,
Mikhail Gorbachev,
Donald Trump,
Martina Navratilova,
Muammar al-Gaddafi,
George H. W. Bush,
Tom Cruise,
Julia Roberts,
Mel Gibson,
Harrison Ford,
Salman Rushdie,
Václav Havel,
Patrick Swayze,
Bruce Willis, 
Mike Tyson,
Saddam Hussein,
Norman Schwarzkopf,
Luciano Pavarotti 

</doc>
<doc id="18943382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943382" title="List of number-one singles of 1979 (Ireland)">
List of number-one singles of 1979 (Ireland)

This is a list of singles which have reached number one on the Irish Singles Chart in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18943383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943383" title="Fiachnae mac Ainbítha">
Fiachnae mac Ainbítha

Fiachnae mac Ainbítha (died 886) or Fiachna mac Ainfítha was a Dál Fiatach king of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland. He was the son of Ainbíth mac Áedo (died 882),a previous king of Ulaid. He ruled briefly in 886.
In 883 he was responsible for the killing of his uncle Eochocán mac Áedo, leth-rí (half-king or co-ruler) of Ulaid jointly with his other uncle, Airemón mac Áedo (died 886). Fiachnae succeeded Airemón as sole king in 886 but was promptly killed by his own associates.

</doc>
<doc id="18943424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943424" title="Direct Xa inhibitor">
Direct Xa inhibitor

Direct factor Xa inhibitors ('xabans') are a class of anticoagulant drugs which act directly upon Factor X in the coagulation cascade, without using antithrombin as a mediator.
Clinical uses.
Direct factor Xa inhibitors are being used clinically. Clinical trials have shown promise for these compounds as substitutes for the currently administered vitamin K antagonists or low molecular weight heparin. Advantages of orally administered direct Xa inhibitors lie in the fact that they have a predictable effect, do not require frequent monitoring or re-dosing, are given through the mouth and not by injection and have few (known) drug interactions. Disadvantages include the currently limited prospective experience and lack of specific antidotes (although research in that field is ongoing, andexanet alfa being a candidate antidote).
Examples.
A naturally occurring inhibitor of factor Xa was first reported in 1987. Tuszynski et al. discovered antistasin, which was isolated from the extracts of Mexican leech, "Haementeria officinalis". Soon after this, another naturally occurring inhibitor, tick anticoagulant peptide (TAP) was isolated from the extract of tick "Ornithodoros moubata". 
Examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="18943425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943425" title="Alfred Merle Norman">
Alfred Merle Norman

Alfred Merle Norman (29 August 1831 – 26 October 1918) was an English clergyman and naturalist.
Biography.
Early life.
Norman was born in Exeter, England in 1831. His father was a landowner, surgeon and Deputy-Lieutenant of Somerset. He studied the molluscs and plants of Somerset at young age. He studied at Winchester College from 1844 to 1848. He then studied at Christ Church, Oxford and completed his B.A. in 1852. He received his M.A. from the University of Oxford in 1859.
Career.
Norman became a private tutor to the Dowager Countess of Glasgow at Millport, Isle of Cumbrae. He then went to Wells Theological College and was ordained as a deacon in 1856. In the same year, he became curate of Kibworth Beauchamp, Leicestershire. He was ordained as a priest in 1857. In 1858, he was appointed as a curate in Sedgefield, County Durham.
Norman became curate of Houghton-le-Spring, County Durham in 1864. He held that position until 1866. In 1866 he became rector of nearby Bournmoor and in 1867 chaplain to the second Earl of Durham. He became a Canon of Durham Cathedral in 1885. During his 29 years at Bournmoor he was involved with church matters and also with many scientific societies including the British Association for the Advancement of Science, the Conchological and Malacological Societies and the Museums Association. He was also a member of the Natural History Society of Northumberland and Durham.
Later life.
Norman returned Houghton-le-Spring as rector, and was given the additional appointment of Rural Dean in 1895. He retired in 1898 due to illness. He moved to Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire and lived there until his death. Even in his later years, he did research and published papers. He died on 25 October 1918 at the age of 87.
Work.
Norman is known for publishing major work on Protozoa, Porifera, Coelenterata, mollusca, crustacea, echinodermata, and other invertebrates. The publication "Museum Normanianum" summarised his collection of 11,086 species, which was acquired by the Natural History Museum, London. They were purchased in four instalments between 1898 and 1911 by the Museum. Norman also presented many specimens to the Museum.
Norman published in excess of 200 papers. His early papers were on birds, insects, amphibians and fishes. Between 1857 and 1861, he published major work on molluscs of the Firth of Clyde and, between 1890 and 1899, he published important reviews of the Mollusca. His account in 1865 on some groups of British echinoderms was the first major contribution to these groups since Edward Forbes’ British Starfishes of 1841.
In his later years, Norman published mainly about studies of marine and freshwater invertebrates. He published important studies on several groups of crustaceans, some in collaboration with other naturalists.
Norman’s library, which incorporated John Gwyn Jeffreys' library on molluscs, is now in the Department of Zoology, University of Cambridge.
Honours.
Norman was elected a fellow of the Linnean Society of London in 1880. In 1883 he received an honorary DCL from the University of Durham. He was elected to the Royal Society in 1890. In 1906 he was awarded the Linnean Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18943444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943444" title="Official test failures of the 2008 Chinese milk scandal">
Official test failures of the 2008 Chinese milk scandal

Tests conducted by AQSIQ.
results published on 16 September 2008
"Source:" China Central Television
results published on 30 September 2008
"Source:" Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine
Tests conducted by the Hong Kong Centre for Food Safety.
Results published up to 25 October 2008
"Source:" Hong Kong Centre for Food Safety
Tests conducted by Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority of Singapore.
Results published up to 24 October 2008
"Source:" Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority of Singapore
Tests conducted by Macao Health Bureau.
Results published up to 30 September 2008 by the "Serviço de Saude de Macao" (SSM)
"Source:" Xinhua, Macau Daily Times
Tests conducted by the Food and Consumer Product Safety Authority of the Netherlands.
Results published up to 30 September 2008 by the "Voedsel en Waren Autoriteit"
"Source:" Voedsel en Waren Autoriteit
Tests conducted by Indonesian Agency for Drugs and Food.
Results published up to 27 September 2008 by the Badan Pengawas Obat dan Makanan (BPOM)
"Source:" Department of Health, Indonesia
Tests conducted by New Zealand Food Safety Authority.
Results published up to 7 October 2008 by the NZFSA
"Source:" New Zealand Food Safety Authority
Test conducted by Institute of Hygiene and Public Health, Ho Chi Minh city.
Results published up to 6 October 2008.
"Source:" Ho Chi Minh city Department of Health, Tuoi Tre Newspaper

</doc>
<doc id="18943464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943464" title="Alyar">
Alyar

Alyar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18943497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943497" title="Manny Oudin">
Manny Oudin

Emmanuel "Manny" Oudin (born March 20, 1968 in France) is the former head soccer coach of the Lehigh University women's soccer team. Oudin finished his career at Lehigh after six seasons ending in 2009. He previously had an extensive playing and coaching career both at the collegiate and professional levels. He played as a defender both indoors and out, winning the 1995 National Professional Soccer League with the Cleveland Crunch. He also coached at the high school, college and professional levels before becoming head coach at Lehigh.
Youth.
Oudin graduated from Lenape High School. He attended East Stroudsburg University, playing on the men's soccer team from 1986 to 1988. He graduated with a bachelor's degree in physical education in 1991. In 1993, he signed with the Cleveland Crunch of the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL). That season the Crunch won the NPSL title. In 1994, he moved to the Harrisburg Heat, remaining with the team through the 1995–1996 season. At some point, probably in 1996, Oudin played for the Delaware Wizards of USISL. In 1997, he signed with the Hershey Wildcats. This brought him back to eastern Pennsylvania, an area he had lived in during college and an area he would make home for the rest of his career. Oudin played the 1997 and 1998 seasons with the Wildcats. In the fall of 1998, he signed with the local Philadelphia KiXX of the NPSL. In 1999, he returned to the USISL, this time with the Lehigh Valley Steam where he was both a player and assistant coach. The Steam folded at the end of the season and Oudin moved to the Reading Rage of the USL Pro Select League, playing with the Rage until 2003 when he retired from playing professionally.
Coach.
Oudin began his coaching career as an assistant with the East Stroudsburg University men's team from 1989 to 1992. In 1992, he also became an assistant with the women's soccer team, a position he held through 1993. In 1997, he became the head coach of both the boy's and girl's teams at the Moravian Academy, a private primary/secondary school in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. In 1999, Oudin served as an assistant coach, as well as player, for the Lehigh Valley Steam. He then served as an assistant coach with the Reading Rage from 2001 to 2003. On September 21, 2003, Lehigh University announced the hiring of Oudin as the head coach of its women's soccer team. Manny finished his career at Lehigh University after the 2009-2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18943508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943508" title="Elvend">
Elvend

Elvend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18943518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943518" title="Southeast Tourism Society">
Southeast Tourism Society

"The Southeast Tourism Society" (STS), is a non-profit membership organization promoting 
tourism within the 12 Southeastern member states by sharing resources, fostering
cooperation, networking, providing continuing education, cooperative
marketing, consumer outreach, advice & consultation, governmental affairs
and other programs. The STS was established in 1983.
The 12 member states include Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia.
What the STS Does.
Consumer Outreach:
Conventions & Meetings:
Programs & Activities:
Award Programs:

</doc>
<doc id="18943530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943530" title="Gbridge">
Gbridge

Gbridge is an extension to Google's Gtalk network service. It automatically forms a VPN between user's multiple computers if logged in under same Gtalk user account. The VPN can also be extended to Gtalk friends based on invitation. Gbridge also has several built-in features which integrate popular functions such as folder synchronization, remote desktop share (VNC), automatic backup, live browsing, chat, etc. Gbridge 2.0 also supports Google Apps accounts, making it easy to create VPN within organizations that utilize Google Apps.
Features.
Gbridge has built in several features on top of VPN:
Since Gbridge implements these features on top of its custom made VPN, it allows the user to have fine control over what resources other people can see. For example, user can have fine control over which friend can access for each "SecureShare".
Performance.
Gbridge claims to establish direct link between computers even if behind NAT by some forms of UDP hole punching. But when the direct link is impossible, it would relay the encrypted data through gbridge server. That would have an impact on its network performance. It is also noticed that the AutoSync traffic are never relayed.
The LiveBrowse feature works reasonably well for picture heavy folders and for mp3 online play over standard DSL. The flv online play is a little choppy sometimes because the bitrate of most flv files are very close to the uplink speed limit of a standard DSL (300kbit/s).
Security.
Gbridge requires you to provide your Google ID and password for authentication into Google network which could be a security concern for some people. Gbridge claims the Google ID/password will never be sent to Gbridge server, but only sent to Google Gtalk server in encrypted form. Gbridge suggests you to create a new Google ID/password that can be used exclusively for Gbridge if you have concern about it, but that new account would not have your existing Gtalk friends readily available.
Gbridge claims all the data on the wire are AES encrypted.
Limitation.
Gbridge claims that there is no limitation of the number of shared folders, no limitation of the number of files within one shared folder. There is no maximum file size limitation either. Gbridge 100% free VPN connection with no limitation. 
Currently Gbridge is only work for Windows platform. It is uncertain whether Linux support is planned for a future release.
A compatibility issue was previously reported by some who attempted installing the VPN driver on Windows 7 x64 OS. However, for Windows 7 Enterprise x64 OS, the VPN, file sharing, sync, remote desktop, and VNC all work fine.
User Interface.
The autosync feature needs improvement on user interface: It typically involves two computers: one as the source which provides the "SecureShare", the other is the destination which actually does the automatic synchronization copying data from "SecureShare" to local folder. The feature needs to be invoked by first navigating to the "friends" tab and expand the computers where you can find the SecureShares created on those source computers, then one can click on these SecureShares to start the autosync task.

</doc>
<doc id="18943537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943537" title="Ansgarde of Burgundy">
Ansgarde of Burgundy

Ansgarde of Burgundy (826-880/882) was a French queen of Aquitaine, but never of West Francia, the daughter of Hardouin of Burgundy. She secretly married Louis II of France before he was king; her sons became Louis III and Carloman II of France.
At the time of the marriage, Ansgarde was 36 years old; Louis was only 16. Because Charles the Bald wished to marry his son to Adélaïde de Frioul, he had to seek a papal annulment; this he did, and Adélaïde married Louis in February 878.
Ansgarde was thus repudiated, but at the death of Louis II in 879 she worked to ensure that her sons could mount the throne of France themselves. To that end, she sought to revisit the subject of her divorce with the archbishop of Reims. Adélaïde, however, was pregnant, and gave birth to a son on September 17 of that year, which thus called into doubt the inheritance of Ansgarde's own sons.
Ansgarde and her sons attacked Adélaïde's marriage, accusing her of adultery; consequently, Louis and Carloman mounted the throne together. However, both died without issue, and after a long and difficult process Adélaïde finally saw her son confirmed as Charles III, the only legitimate heir to the throne.
Ansgarde passes into obscurity after this episode, and the date of her death is not conclusively known.

</doc>
<doc id="18943553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943553" title="Bécc mac Airemóin">
Bécc mac Airemóin

Bécc mac Airemóin (died 893) or Bécc mac Éiremóin was a Dál Fiatach king of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland. He was the son of Airemón mac Áedo (died 886),a previous king of Ulaid. He ruled from 886-893
He became king of Ulaid upon the assassination of his cousin, Fiachnae mac Ainbítha in 886. He was slain in 893 by Aitíth mac Laigni (died 898) of the Uí Echach Cobo

</doc>
<doc id="18943576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943576" title="Trade mission">
Trade mission

Trade mission is an international trip by government officials and businesspeople that is organized by agencies of national or provincial governments for purpose of exploring international business opportunities. Business people who attend trade missions are typically introduced both to important business contacts and to well-placed government officials. A trade mission is a way in which countries or organisations can seek out potential buyers and sellers. Trade missions will usually occur after one party has undergone significant market research.
Canada.
In Canada, trade missions which include both the federal and provincial governments working together (perhaps also with cities and private businesses) are called "Team Canada Missions"

</doc>
<doc id="18943593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943593" title="Aspects (band)">
Aspects (band)

Aspects are a hip hop group from Bristol, England; the outfit's core members being emcees El Eye, Mantis and Bubber Loui.
Career.
The band formed in 1996 and were once part of a larger collective of artists known as FSH (Fantastic Super Heroes). Aspects, formerly Earthbound Aspects, were born of the Hip Hop movement in their native city and the culture's well documented renaissance at that time.
After a number of EPs, Aspects released their debut album "Correct English" to critical acclaim in 2001. The album featured the singles "Best Music" (also containing "Intrigue" remixed by DJ Vadim) and "My Genre." On its release "My Genre" became Single of the Week in the "NME". The group gained international exposure with the song and the accompanying video was rotated on BBC Radio 1 in the UK and MTV Europe respectively. At this time the group appeared on and recorded exclusive radio sessions for Dan Greenpeace and Zane Lowe, Steve Lamacq, Tim Westwood and the late John Peel (see List of Peel sessions), among others. The title track and third official single, "Correct English" never appeared on the album but was released as a double A side (along with "We Get Fowl"). It is a collaborative track with Task Force. In 2007 Hip Hop Connection magazine (issue 214) ranked Aspects' "Correct English" #28 in the 50 Best British Albums Ever.
After the demise of their original stable, Hombre Records, Aspects were signed to Antidote Records (a subsidiary of Sanctuary Records), who released their sophomore LP "Mystery Theatre?" in 2004, along with singles for "Impact" and "Off The Lip". The latter entered the UK Indie Chart at #16 and the UK Top 200 at #80. "Off the Lip" is a "Surfin’ USA" for the UK Hip Hop generation" according to a review published in The Independent, "making them one of only a handful of UK acts to produce genuinely original Hip Hop."
Their third studio album, "Left Hand Path" was released in 2013. It was described by Uncut (magazine) as, "a masterful collage of gothic moods and virtuoso rhyming". Upon its release, Clash (magazine) considered the material "a relieving alternative to conventional, safe music" and "playfully groundbreaking".
The group have performed extensively and were attached to UK tours from Princess Superstar, Arrested Development, De La Soul and The Bees. Aspects have recorded and collaborated with numerous artists, among them DJ Yoda, DJ Format, DJ Vadim, Junior Disprol, Hundred Strong, Mr. Jason of Porn Theatre Ushers, Si Begg, Quantic, The Bees and Little Barrie.
Personnel.
Members:
Other founder/affiliate members:
Studio albums.
2001: "Correct English" (2001, Hombré) <br>
2004: "Mystery Theatre?" (2004, Antidote/Sanctuary) <br>
2013: "Left Hand Path" (2013, Psycho Boogie)
EPs.
2012 EP (Hombré, 1998) <br>
Revenge Of The Nerds (Hombré 1999)
Mixtapes.
"Rockrap" (2005)<br>
"Kings' English" (2013)

</doc>
<doc id="18943606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943606" title="SM City Lipa">
SM City Lipa

SM City Lipa is a shopping mall owned and constructed by SM Prime Holdings. It is the second SM Supermall in the province of Batangas. It is located along Ayala Highway, Brgy. Maraouy, Lipa City, Batangas with a land area of 10.3 hectares and a total gross floor area of . 
SM City Lipa is currently under renovation and expansion which is expected to be completed by May 2014.
Mall features.
The mall's exterior theme is engaged in promoting Batangas' wide festive culture. The iconic building incorporates vertical rainbow crisp colors on the main facade, thus making the mall more lively and remarkable as a one-stop destination. Open parking spaces are available at the front, sides and the back of the mall. Two levels of wide range services provides the needs of Batangueños.
Annex Building.
A 6-storey annex building is currently being built beside the east wing of the main mall. The first 3 levels will be devoted for commercial, the 4th level for BPO and 5th and 6th levels for parking purposes. The expansion is expected to be finished by May 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18943624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943624" title="Edwina Tops-Alexander">
Edwina Tops-Alexander

Edwina Tops-Alexander (born 29 March 1974 in Sydney) is an Olympic-level equestrian rider, who competes for Australia. Her coach and husband is former Dutch champion Jan Tops. She uses the Netherlands as her base for most of the year at Stal Tops Valkenswaard.
Early riding.
Alexander began riding at the age of eight. She became interested in horses because her neighbor had a barn and she watched them ride on the weekends. The Avondale Pony Club in North Turramurra, New South Wales was where she first began riding. In 1995 she won the Australian Young Rider Championships. In 1998, wanting to ride against the top riders in the world, she moved to Europe, taking her horse, Mr. Dundee, with her to Belgium. In 1999, before beginning her own company, she competed for Ludo Philippaerts, a famous show jumper, for about three years.
Career.
In 2006 in Aachen Germany, she became the first Australian to make the final of the individual jumping competition at the World Equestrian Games, where she finished fourth despite entering the competition as 35th in world show jumping rankings. Brussels, Valkenswaard, London, Zurich, Cannes, Geneva, Vigo, and Doha are just few of the places where Edwina has won Grand Prix shows. She was selected for the jumping events at the 2008 Summer Olympics where she rode "Isovlas Itot du Chateau". She placed 9th in the individuals and 7th in the team competition. She was the overall champion of the Global Champions Tour in both 2011 and 2012. Not only did she win twice in a row but she was the very first rider to win a total of one million euros of prize money on the tour. Also in 2012, at the age of 38, she rode in the individual show jumping for Australia at the Summer Olympics. She rode 'Itot Du Chateau' and finished in a time of 81.77s with 4 faults. This put her in 20th place for the individual competition and for them team competition Australia was 10th. The current horses she rides and competes with are Itot du Chateau, a seventeen year old chestnut gelding, Guccio,an eleven year old dark bay stallion, Ego van Orti, a nine year old bay gelding, Erenice Horta, a nice year old grey BWP mare, Mel d'Argences, a 13 year old bay Selle Francais mare by Quick Star and Vienna Olympic, a futhure star, an eight year old Holstein mare. Itot du Chateau has been the most successful of all her horses. Her goal for 2013 is to winning the Longines Global Champions Tour the 3rd time in a row.
Personal life.
Alexander attended Pymble Ladies College, in Sydney. She got a Bachelor of Physical Education at the Australian College of Physical Education in 1995. In September 2011 she married Jan Tops who was also her trainer. Out of all her shows she only had one major injury in 2005 where she was not riding for three weeks due to a broken foot.
Endorsements.
The well-known designer label, Gucci, sponsors Edwina Tops Alexander and they even made her a customized set of clothes for riding. Also, Connolly's RED MILLS is proud to say that Edwina Tops Alexander has a partnership with them. All her horses will be fed by this company for each of their individual needs. Edwina is also an ambassador for Jaeger-LeCoultre, the Swiss watch company.

</doc>
<doc id="18943645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943645" title="2008–09 Elitserien season">
2008–09 Elitserien season

The 2008–09 Elitserien season was the 34th season of Elitserien. It began on September 15, 2008, with the regular season ending February 28, 2009. The playoffs of the 85th Swedish Championship ended on April 8, with Färjestads BK taking the championship. The season started earlier than previous seasons due to the 2009 Men's World Ice Hockey Championships in Switzerland had been scheduled earlier than normal.
League business.
The match start time for Saturday matches was changed to start at 16:00 local time (UTC+1) instead of 15:00 as in previous seasons.
Regular season.
Djurgårdens IF changed their arena for home matches from Stockholm Globe Arena to Hovet. Also, Rögle BK changed to a new arena, Lindab Arena in Ängelholm.
The first goal of the season was scored by Lars Eller of Frölunda HC in Jönköping against HV71.
In the end of the regular season, Peter Forsberg played three games for Modo Hockey, totalling 3 points.
The top team: Färjestads BK, Linköpings HC, Frölunda HC, HV71, Luleå HF, Skellefteå AIK, Brynäs IF, and Timrå IK advanced to the playoffs. Whereas the bottom two teams advanced to the 2008-09 Kvalserien.
Final standings.
"GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTW = Overtime Wins, OTL = Overtime Losses, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points"
Statistical leaders.
Scoring leaders.
"GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points, +/– = Plus/Minus, PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Playoffs.
After the regular season, the standard of 8 teams qualified for the playoffs.
Playoff bracket.
In the first round, the highest remaining seed chose which of the four lowest remaining seeds to be matched against. In the second round, the highest remaining seed was matched against the lowest remaining seed. In each round the higher-seeded team was awarded home ice advantage. Each best-of-seven series followed a 1–1–1–2–1–1 format: the higher-seeded team played at home for games 2 and 4 (plus 5 and 7 if necessary), and the lower-seeded team was at home for game 1, 3 and 6 (if necessary).

</doc>
<doc id="18943651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943651" title="Gu Gu Ganmo">
Gu Gu Ganmo

Plot.
The series follows in the footsteps of manga such as Doraemon and Obake no Q-Taro in that the alien Ganmo (who resembles a chicken wearing sneakers) sets out to help his adopted human friend Hanpeita. The series follows the antics of the duo as they find themselves in the middle of much comedic mischief.
One morning Tsukune Tsukuda, out of spite, lets her brother’s pet bird go. But later she has misgivings, and comes home with an egg she has found to give to her brother, Hapeita.
Hanpeita isn’t all too pleased with the big, odd-looking egg. However, in the meantime it swells up, breaks its shell, and out comes a strange bird-like creature named Ganmo’. It speaks like a human being, and comes to live with the Tsukudas.
Not wanting to be a mere freeloader, Ganmo takes the initiative to run errands, clean the house, etc…yet he blunders at everything he does. Ganmo the tries to clear his reputation, but his efforts only ends causing more and more confusion.
One day a charming girl comes moving in the house next to the Tsukudas. Her pet is a stange mina, named Deja-vu. It is foppish but has a poisonous tongue. And it always teases Ganmo because of its odd-looking.
Thus, the world around Ganmo gets into a mess more and more.

</doc>
<doc id="18943673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943673" title="Chase (algorithm)">
Chase (algorithm)

The Chase is a simple fixpoint algorithm testing and enforcing implication of data dependencies in database systems. It plays important roles in database theory as well as in practice.
It is used, directly or indirectly, on an everyday basis by people who design databases, and it is used in commercial systems to reason about the consistency and correctness of a data design. New applications of the chase in meta-data management and data exchange are still being discovered.
The Chase has its origins in two seminal papers, one by David Maier, Alberto O. Mendelzon, and Yehoshua Sagiv and the other by
Alfred V. Aho, Catriel Beeri, and Jeffrey D. Ullman.
In its simplest application the chase is used for testing whether the projection of a relation schema constrained by some functional dependencies onto a given decomposition can be recovered by rejoining the projections. Let "t" be a tuple in formula_1 where "R" is a relation and "F" is a set of functional dependencies (FD). If tuples in "R" are represented as "t1, ..., tk", the join of the projections of each "ti" should agree with "t" on formula_2 where "i" = 1, 2, ..., "k". If "ti" is not on formula_2, the value is unknown.
The chase can be done by drawing a tableau (which is the same formalism used in tableau query). Suppose "R" has attributes "A, B, ..." and components of "t" are "a, b, ...". For "ti" use the same letter as "t" in the components that are in S"i" but subscript the letter with "i" if the component is not in "i". Then, "ti" will agree with "t" if it is in S"i" and will have a unique value otherwise.
The chase process is confluent.
Example.
Let "R"("A", "B", "C", "D") be a relation schema known obey the set of functional dependencies "F" = {"A"→"B", "B"→"C", "CD→A"}. Suppose "R" is decomposed into three relation schemas S1 = {"A", "D"}, S2 = {"A", "C"} and S3 = {"B", "C", "D"}. Determining whether this decomposition is lossless can be done by performing a chase as show below.
The initial tableau for this decomposition is:
The first row represents S1. The components for attributes "A" and "D" are unsubscripted and those for attributes "B" and "C" are subscripted with "i" = 1. The second and third rows are filled in the same manner with S2 and S3 respectively.
The goal for this test is to use the given "F" to prove that "t" = ("a", "b", "c", "d") is really in "R". To do so, the tableau can be chased by applying the FD’s in "F" to equate symbols in the tableau. Final tableau with a row that is the same as "t" implies that any tuple "t" in the join of the projections is actually a tuple of "R".
To perform the chase test, first decompose all FD’s in "F" so each FD has a single attribute on the right hand side of the "arrow". "F" remains unchanged because all of its FD's already has a single attribute on the right hand side. "F" = {"A"→"B", "B"→"C", "CD"→"A"}.
When equating two symbols, if one of them is unsubscripted, make the other be the same so that the final tableau can have a row that is exactly the same as "t" = ("a", "b", "c", "d"). Also, if both have their own subscript, change either to be the other. However, to avoid confusion, all of the occurrences should be changed.
First, apply "A"→"B" to the tableau. The first row is ("a", "b1", "c1", "d") where "a" is unsubscripted and "b1" is subscripted with 1. Comparing the first row with the second one, change "b2" to "b1". Since the third row has "a3", "b" in the third row stays the same. The resulting tableau is:
Then consider "B"→"C". Both first and second rows have "b1" and notice that the second row has an unsubscripted "c". Therefore, the first row changes to ("a", "b1", "c", "d"). Then the resulting tableau is:
Now consider "CD"→"A". The first row has an unsubscripted "c" and an unsubscripted "d", which is the same as in third row. This means that the A value for row one and three must be the same as well. Hence, change "a3" in the third row to "a". The resulting tableau is:
At this point, notice that the third row is ("a", "b", "c", "d") which is the same as "t". Therefore, this is the final tableau for the chase test with given "R" and "F". Hence, whenever "R" is projected onto S1, S2 and S3 and rejoined, the result is in "R". Particularly, the resulting tuple is the same as the tuple of "R" that is projected onto {"B", "C", "D"}.

</doc>
<doc id="18943681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943681" title="Leonard Wood (disambiguation)">
Leonard Wood (disambiguation)

Leonard Wood (1860–1927) was Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army, Military Governor of Cuba and Governor General of the Philippines.
Leonard Wood may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18943745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943745" title="Muiredach mac Eochocáin">
Muiredach mac Eochocáin

Muiredach mac Eochocáin (died 895) or Muiredach mac Eochucáin was a Dál Fiatach king of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland. He was the son of Eochocán mac Áedo (died 883),a previous king of Ulaid. He ruled as leth-rí (half-king or co-ruler) of Ulaid from 893-895
He may have ruled jointly with Máel Mocheirge mac Indrechtaig (died 896) of the Leth Cathail (Lecale) branch of the Dal Fiatach. His cousin and predecessor Bécc mac Airemóin had been slain by Aitíth mac Laigni (died 898) of the Uí Echach Cobo in 893. Muiredach was also killed by Aitíth in 895.

</doc>
<doc id="18943753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943753" title="History of education in Scotland">
History of education in Scotland

The history of education in Scotland in its modern sense of organised and institutional learning, began in the Middle Ages, with the education of boys based around Church choir schools and grammar schools. By the end of the 15th century schools were also being organised for girls and universities were founded at St Andrews, Glasgow and Aberdeen. Education was encouraged by the Education Act 1496, which made it compulsory for the sons of barons and freeholders of substance to attend the grammar schools, which in turn helped increase literacy among the upper classes. 
The Scottish Reformation resulted in major changes to the organisation and nature of education, with the loss of choir schools and the expansion of parish schools, along with the reform and expansion of the Universities. In the seventeenth century, legislation enforced the creation and funding of schools in every parish, often overseen by presbyteries of the local kirk. The existence of this network of schools later led to the growth of the "democratic myth" that poor boys had been able to use this system of education to rise to the top of Scottish society. However, Scotland's University system did help to make it one of the major contributors to the Enlightenment in the 18th century, producing major figures such as David Hume and Adam Smith. 
Religious divisions and the impact of industrialisation, migration and immigration disrupted the existing educational system and in the late nineteenth century it was reorganised and expanded to produce a state-funded national system of free basic education and common examinations. The reform of Scottish universities made them major centres of learning and pioneers in the admission of women from 1892. In the 20th century Scottish secondary education expanded, particularly for girls, but the universities began to fall behind those in England and Europe in investment and expansion of numbers. The government of the education system became increasingly centred on Scotland, with the final move of the ministry of education to Edinburgh in 1939. After devolution in 1999 the Scottish Executive also created an Enterprise, Transport and Lifelong Learning Department and there was significant divergence from practice in England, including the abolition of student tuition fees at Scottish universities.
Middle Ages.
In the Early Middle Ages, Scotland was overwhelmingly an oral society and education was verbal rather than literary. Fuller sources for Ireland of the same period suggest that there may have been filidh, who acted as poets, musicians and historians, often attached to the court of a lord or king, and passed on their knowledge in Gaelic to the next generation. After the "de-gallicisation" of the Scottish court from the twelfth century, a less highly regarded order of bards took over these functions and they would continue to act in a similar role in the Highlands and Islands into the eighteenth century. They often trained in bardic schools, of which a few, like the one run by the MacMhuirich dynasty, who were bards to the Lord of the Isles, existed in Scotland and a larger number in Ireland, until they were suppressed from the seventeenth century. Much of their work was never written down and what survives was only recorded from the sixteenth century. 
The establishment of Christianity brought Latin to Scotland as a scholarly and written language. Monasteries served as major repositories of knowledge and education, often running schools and providing a small educated elite, who were essential to create and read documents in a largely illiterate society. In the High Middle Ages new sources of education arose, with song and grammar schools. These were usually attached to cathedrals or a collegiate church and were most common in the developing burghs. By the end of the Middle Ages grammar schools could be found in all the main burghs and some small towns. Early examples including the High School of Glasgow in 1124 and the High School of Dundee in 1239. There were also petty schools, more common in rural areas and providing an elementary education. Some monasteries, like the Cistercian abbey at Kinloss, opened their doors to a wider range of students. The number and size of these schools seems to have expanded rapidly from the 1380s. They were almost exclusively aimed at boys, but by the end of the fifteenth century, Edinburgh also had schools for girls, sometimes described as "sewing schools", and probably taught by lay women or nuns. There was also the development of private tuition in the families of lords and wealthy burghers. The growing emphasis on education cumulated with the passing of the Education Act 1496, which decreed that all sons of barons and freeholders of substance should attend grammar schools to learn "perfyct Latyne". All this resulted in an increase in literacy, but which was largely concentrated among a male and wealthy elite, with perhaps 60 per cent of the nobility being literate by the end of the period. 
Until the fifteenth century, those who wished to attend university had to travel to England or the continent, and just over a 1,000 have been identified as doing so between the twelfth century and 1410. Among these the most important intellectual figure was John Duns Scotus, who studied at Oxford, Cambridge and Paris and probably died at Cologne in 1308, becoming a major influence on late medieval religious thought. After the outbreak of the Wars of Independence, with occasional exceptions under safe conduct, English universities were closed to Scots and continental universities became more significant. Some Scottish scholars became teachers in continental universities. At Paris this included John De Rate and Walter Wardlaw in the 1340s and 1350s, William de Tredbrum in the 1380s and Laurence de Lindores in the early 1500s. This situation was transformed by the founding of the University of St Andrews in 1413, the University of Glasgow in 1451 and the University of Aberdeen in 1495. Initially these institutions were designed for the training of clerics, but they would increasingly be used by laymen who would begin to challenge the clerical monopoly of administrative posts in the government and law. Those wanting to study for second degrees still needed to go elsewhere and Scottish scholars continued to visit the continent and English universities, which reopened to Scots in the late fifteenth century. The continued movement to other universities produced a school of Scottish nominalists at Paris in the early sixteenth century, of which John Mair was probably the most important figure. He had probably studied at a Scottish grammar school, then Cambridge, before moving to Paris, where he matriculated in 1493. By 1497 the humanist and historian Hector Boece, born in Dundee and who had studied at Paris, returned to became the first principal at the new university of Aberdeen. These international contacts helped integrate Scotland into a wider European scholarly world and would be one of the most important ways in which the new ideas of humanism were brought into Scottish intellectual life.
Impact of the Reformation.
The humanist concern with widening education was shared by the Protestant reformers, with a desire for a godly people replacing the aim of having educated citizens. In 1560, the "First Book of Discipline" set out a plan for a school in every parish, but this proved financially impossible. In the burghs the old schools were maintained, with the song schools and a number of new foundations becoming reformed grammar schools or ordinary parish schools. Schools were supported by a combination of kirk funds, contributions from local heritors or burgh councils and parents that could pay. They were inspected by kirk sessions, who checked for the quality of teaching and doctrinal purity. There were also large number of unregulated "adventure schools", which sometimes fulfilled a local needs and sometimes took pupils away from the official schools. Outside of the established burgh schools, masters often combined their position with other employment, particularly minor posts within the kirk, such as clerk. At their best, the curriculum included catechism, Latin, French, Classical literature and sports. 
In 1616 an act in Privy council commanded every parish to establish a school "where convenient means may be had", and when the Parliament of Scotland ratified this with the Education Act of 1633, a tax on local landowners was introduced to provide the necessary endowment. A loophole which allowed evasion of this tax was closed in the Education Act of 1646, which established a solid institutional foundation for schools on Covenanter principles. Although the Restoration brought a reversion to the 1633 position, in 1696 new legislation restored the provisions of 1646 together with means of enforcement "more suitable to the age". Underlining the aim of having a school in every parish. In rural communities these obliged local landowners (heritors) to provide a schoolhouse and pay a schoolmaster, while ministers and local presbyteries oversaw the quality of the education. In many Scottish towns, burgh schools were operated by local councils. By the late seventeenth century there was a largely complete network of parish schools in the lowlands, but in the Highlands basic education was still lacking in many areas. 
The widespread belief in the limited intellectual and moral capacity of women, vied with a desire, intensified after the Reformation, for women to take personal moral responsibility, particularly as wives and mothers. In Protestantism this necessitated an ability to learn and understand the catechism and even to be able to independently read the Bible, but most commentators, even those that tended to encourage the education of girls, thought they should not receive the same academic education as boys. In the lower ranks of society, they benefited from the expansion of the parish schools system that took place after the Reformation, but were usually outnumbered by boys, often taught separately, for a shorter time and to a lower level. They were frequently taught reading, sewing and knitting, but not writing. Female illiteracy rates based on signatures among female servants were around 90 percent, from the late seventeenth to the early eighteenth centuries and perhaps 85 percent for women of all ranks by 1750, compared with 35 per cent for men. Among the nobility there were many educated and cultured women, of which Mary, Queen of Scots is the most obvious example. 
After the Reformation, Scotland's universities underwent a series of reforms associated with Andrew Melville, who returned from Geneva to become principal of the University of Glasgow in 1574. A distinguished linguist, philosopher and poet, he had trained in Paris and studied law at Poitiers, before moving to Geneva and developing an interest in Protestant theology. Influenced by the anti-Aristotelian Pierre Ramus, he placed an emphasis on simplified logic and elevated languages and sciences to the same status as philosophy, allowing accepted ideas in all areas to be challenged. He introduced new specialist teaching staff, replacing the system of "regenting", where one tutor took the students through the entire arts curriculum. Metaphysics were abandoned and Greek became compulsory in the first year followed by Aramaic, Syriac and Hebrew, launching a new fashion for ancient and biblical languages. Glasgow had probably been declining as a university before his arrival, but students now began to arrive in large numbers. He assisted in the reconstruction of Marischal College, Aberdeen, and in order to do for St Andrews what he had done for Glasgow, he was appointed Principal of St Mary's College, St Andrews, in 1580. The University of Edinburgh developed out of public lectures were established in the town 1540s on law, Greek, Latin and philosophy, under the patronage of Mary of Guise. These evolved into the "Tounis College", which would become the University of Edinburgh in 1582. The results were a revitalisation of all Scottish universities, which were now producing a quality of education the equal of that offered anywhere in Europe. Under the Commonwealth, the universities saw an improvement in their funding, as they were given income from deaneries, defunct bishoprics and the excise, allowing the completion of buildings including the college in the High Street in Glasgow. They were still largely seen as a training school for clergy, and came under the control of the hard line Protestors, who were generally favoured by the regime because of their greater antipathy to royalism, with Patrick Gillespie being made Principal at Glasgow. After the Restoration there was a purge of the universities, but much of the intellectual advances of the preceding period was preserved. The five Scottish universities recovered with a lecture-based curriculum that was able to embrace economics and science, offering a high quality liberal education to the sons of the nobility and gentry. It helped the universities to become major centres of medical education and would put Scotland at the forefront of Enlightenment thinking.
Eighteenth century.
One of the effects of this extensive network of schools was the growth of the "democratic myth" in the 19th century, which created the widespread belief that many a "lad of pairts" had been able to rise up through the system to take high office and that literacy was much more widespread in Scotland than in neighbouring states, particularly England. Historians now accept that very few boys were able to pursue this route to social advancement and that literacy was not noticeably higher than comparable nations, as the education in the parish schools was basic, short and attendance was not compulsory. However, Scotland did reap the intellectual benefits of a highly developed university system. Scottish thinkers began questioning assumptions previously taken for granted; and with Scotland's traditional connections to France, then in the throes of the Enlightenment, the Scots began developing a uniquely practical branch of humanism. Major thinkers produced by this system included Francis Hutcheson, who held the Chair of Philosophy at the University of Glasgow from 1729 to 1746, who helped develop Utilitarianism and consequentialist thinking. Some modern attitudes towards the relationship between science and religion were developed by his proteges David Hume and Adam Smith.
By the eighteenth century many poorer girls were being taught in dame schools, informally set up by a widow or spinster to teach reading, sewing and cooking. Among members of the aristocracy by the early eighteenth century a girl's education was expected to include basic literacy and numeracy, needlework and cookery and household management, while polite accomplishments and piety were also emphasised.
In the Scottish Highlands as well as problems of distance and physical isolation, most people spoke Gaelic which few teachers and ministers could understand. Here the Kirk's parish schools were supplemented by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, established in 1709. Their aim was to teach English language and end Roman Catholicism associated with rebellious Jacobitism. Though the Gaelic Society schools taught the Bible in Gaelic, the overall effect contributed to the erosion of Highland culture.
Nineteenth century.
Industrialisation, urbanisation and the Disruption of 1843 all undermined the tradition of parish schools. 408 teachers in schools joined the breakaway Free Church of Scotland. By May 1847 it was claimed that 513 schoolmasters were being paid direct from a central education fund and over 44,000 children being taught in Free Church Schools. Attempts to supplement the parish system included Sunday Schools. Originally begun in the 1780s by town councils, they were adopted by all religious denominations in the nineteenth century. By the 1830s and 1840s these had widened to include mission schools, ragged schools, Bible societies and improvement classes, open to members of all forms of Protestantism and particularly aimed at the growing urban working classes. By 1890 the Baptists had more Sunday schools than churches and were teaching over 10,000 children. The number would double by 1914. From 1830 the state began to fund buildings with grants, then from 1846 it was funding schools by direct sponsorship, and in 1872 Scotland moved to a system like that in England of state-sponsored largely free schools, run by local school boards. Overall administration was in the hands of the Scotch (later Scottish) Education Department in London. Education was now compulsory from five to thirteen and many new board schools were built. Larger urban school boards established "higher grade" (secondary) schools as a cheaper alternative to the burgh schools. The Scottish Education Department introduced a Leaving Certificate Examination in 1888 to set national standards for secondary education and in 1890 school fees were abolished, creating a state-funded national system of free basic education and common examinations. 
At the beginning of the 19th century Scottish universities had no entrance exam, students typically entered at ages of 15 or 16, attended for as little as two years, chose which lectures to attend and left without qualifications. After two commissions of enquiry in 1826 and 1876 and reforming acts of parliament in 1858 and 1889, the curriculum and system of graduation were reformed to meet the needs of the emerging middle classes and the professions. Entrance examinations equivalent to the School Leaving Certificate were introduced and average ages of entry had risen to 17 or 18. Standard patterns of graduation in the arts curriculum offered 3-year ordinary and 4-year honours degrees and separate science faculties were able to move away from the compulsory Latin, Greek and philosophy of the old MA curriculum. The historic University of Glasgow became a leader in British higher education by providing the educational needs of youth from the urban and commercial classes, as well as the upper class. It prepared students for non-commercial careers in government, the law, medicine, education, and the ministry and a smaller group for careers in science and engineering. St Andrews pioneered the admission of women to Scottish universities, creating the Lady Licentiate in Arts (LLA), which proved highly popular. From 1892 Scottish universities could admit and graduate women and the numbers of women at Scottish universities steadily increased until the early 20th century.
Twentieth century.
The Scottish education system underwent radical change and expansion in the 20th century. In 1918 Roman Catholic schools were brought into the system, but retained their distinct religious character, access to schools by priests and the requirement that school staff be acceptable to the Church. The school leaving age was raised to 14 in 1901, and although plans to raise it to 15 in the 1940s were never ratified, increasing numbers stayed on beyond elementary education and it was eventually raised to 16 in 1973. As a result secondary education was the major area of growth in the inter-war period, particularly for girls, who stayed on in full-time education in increasing numbers throughout the century. The first half of the 20th century saw Scottish universities fall behind those in England and Europe in terms of participation and investment. The decline of traditional industries between the wars undermined recruitment. English universities increased the numbers of students registered between 1924 and 1927 by 19 per cent, but in Scotland the numbers fell, particularly among women. In the same period, while expenditure in English universities rose by 90 per cent, in Scotland the increase was less than a third of that figure.
New qualifications were developed to cope with changing aspirations and economics, with the Leaving Certificate being replaced by the Scottish Certificate of Education Ordinary Grade ('O-Grade') and Higher Grade ('Higher') qualifications in 1962, which became the basic entry qualification for university study. The centre of the education system also became more focused on Scotland, with the ministry of education partly moving north in 1918 and then finally having its headquarters relocated to Edinburgh in 1939. 
In the 1960s the number of Scottish Universities doubled, with Dundee being demerged from St. Andrews, Strathclyde and Heriot-Watt developing from Scottish Office "central institutions" and Stirling beginning as a completely new university on a greenfield site in 1966. Five existing degree awarding institutions became universities after 1992, as a result of the Further and Higher Education Act 1992. These were Abertay, Glasgow Caledonian, Napier, Paisley and Robert Gordon. In 2001 the University of the Highlands and Islands was created by a federation of 13 colleges and research institutions in the Highlands and Islands.
After devolution, in 1999 the new Scottish Executive set up an Education Department and an Enterprise, Transport and Lifelong Learning Department, which together took over its functions. One of the major diversions from practice in England, possible because of devolution, was the abolition of student tuition fees in 1999, instead retaining a system of means-tested student grants.
The current education system.
For a description of the current education system in Scotland, see Education in Scotland

</doc>
<doc id="18943801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943801" title="Dependency theory (database theory)">
Dependency theory (database theory)

Dependency theory is a subfield of database theory which studies implication and optimization problems related to logical constraints, commonly called dependencies, on databases.
The best known class of such dependencies are functional dependencies, which form the foundation of keys on database relations. Another important class of dependencies are the multivalued dependencies. A key algorithm in dependency theory is the Chase, and much of the theory is devoted to its study.

</doc>
<doc id="18943807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943807" title="KGRD (FM)">
KGRD (FM)

KGRD is a Christian radio station licensed to Orchard, Nebraska, broadcasting on 105.3 MHz FM, and is owned by The Praise Network, Inc.
KGRD airs Christian Contemporary Music, as well as a variety of Christian Talk and Teaching programs including; Back to the Bible, Focus on the Family, In the Market with Janet Parshall, Insight for Living with Chuck Swindoll, Truth for Life with Alistair Begg, Turning Point with David Jeremiah, Break Point with Chuck Colson, and Unshackled!.
Translators.
KGRD is also heard on full powered stations, KPNO 90.9 in Norfolk, Nebraska, KGKD 90.5 in Columbus, Nebraska, KGRJ 89.9 in Chamberlain, South Dakota, and KGRH 88.1 in the Mitchell, South Dakota area, as well as on translators in Northern Nebraska and Southern South Dakota.

</doc>
<doc id="18943811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943811" title="Aniq">
Aniq

Aniq (, also Romanized as Anīq and Annīq; also known as Anekh, Aneq, Anigh, Anīkh, Kochev’ye Anekho, and Maḩall-e-Chādor Neshīnī) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District, Siah Rud District, Jolfa County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 170, in 41 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="18943822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943822" title="Anykh-Kishlag">
Anykh-Kishlag

Anykh-Kishlag (also, Əniqqışlaq) is a village in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18943825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943825" title="Operation Clambake">
Operation Clambake

Operation Clambake, also referred to by its Web address, Xenu.net, is a Web site and Norway-based non-profit organization, launched in 1996, founded by Andreas Heldal-Lund, that publishes criticism of the Church of Scientology. It is owned and maintained by Andreas Heldal-Lund, who has stated that he supports the rights of all people to practice Scientology or any religion. Operation Clambake has referred to the Church of Scientology as "a vicious and dangerous cult that masquerades as a religion". The Web site includes texts of petitions, news articles, exposés, and primary source documents. The site has been ranked as high as the second spot in Google searches for the term "Scientology".
The term for the organization refers both to a traditional clam bake, as well as the notion from L. Ron Hubbard's "" that humans follow a "genetic line" which includes clams, and that the psychological problems afflicting humans are impacted by past experiences. The domain name Xenu.net is a reference to the character Xenu from secretive "OT III" Scientology documents.
In 1996, the site was one of the first locations on the internet to host secret Scientology documents pertaining to Xenu and OT III. Shortly thereafter, the Church of Scientology attempted to get this material removed from Operation Clambake and other internet sites, through letters written by counsel, and the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. After receiving a DMCA takedown notice, Google removed many Xenu.net pages from its indexes, which decreased the site's page rank in searches for "Scientology". This inspired Google to contribute to the Chilling Effects archive, informing others about material missing from Google indexes due to DMCA takedown notices and other legal threats.
Operation Clambake has been consulted by news media organizations and other groups for information on Scientology and related organizations. "Dateline NBC" cited the organization in a 1998 investigative journalism piece, as have other publications including "The Wall Street Journal", "The New York Times" and the "Associated Press". During the Spring 2002 semester, Xenu.net was included as required reading in a New York University course on "Copyright and Censorship", and in 2003 webmaster Andreas Heldal-Lund received the 2003 Leipzig Human Rights Award by the European-American Citizens Committee for Human Rights and Religious Freedom in the USA, an organization opposed to the Church of Scientology.
Foundation.
Operation Clambake was founded in 1996 by Andreas Heldal-Lund, an information technology manager in Stavanger, Norway, who administers the site at www.xenu.net. This domain name has been described as provocative, because it is seen by some as a caricature of the character Xenu from Scientology cosmogony. Operation Clambake is registered in Norway as a non-profit organization.
Heldal-Lund chose the name "Operation Clambake" for the organization, as a reference to statements made by L. Ron Hubbard in which Hubbard wrote that the problems of human beings today are a result of traumatic events experienced by them as spiritual beings when they inhabited the bodies of clams during Earth's evolution. In Hubbard's "", he asserts humans follow his notion of the "genetic line" of the "genetic entity", which include clams (as well as sloths, volcanoes, and a "sense of being eaten"), and certain human psychological problems descend from difficulties these clams experienced. Hubbard defined "genetic line" as a collection of the total "incidents" which occurred during the evolution of what Scientology refers to as the "MEST body".
Conflict.
OT III documents.
Prior to its own direct conflict with the Church of Scientology, Operation Clambake had described on its site how Amazon.com had pulled Jon Atack's book "A Piece of Blue Sky", a work critical of Scientology. The site later became one of the focal points of what some have termed "the war between Scientology and the Internet". On November 8, 1996, Operation Clambake was one of the first sites to host the secretive OT III documents describing the story of Xenu. Operation Clambake maintains the position that posting these internal Church of Scientology documents is permitted under "fair use" allowance of internationally recognized copyright law. The Church of Scientology threatened legal action against various Internet service providers that host the site, demanding it be removed from the Internet for hosting information copyrighted by the Church of Scientology.
In 1998 "Salon" reported that Scientologists were now blocked from viewing sites critical of Scientology including Operation Clambake and alt.religion.scientology, through the use of a content-control software program referred to by critics as Scieno Sitter. The Church of Scientology was unable to shut down Operation Clambake's internet service provider in Norway. The organization succeeded in shutting down the upstream connection to the site's internet service provider, Netherlands-based Xtended Internet. In November 2002, Xtended Internet's upstream provider, Cignal Global Communications received a letter from Church of Scientology counsel alleging copyright and trademark infringement involved with Xenu.net. This letter led to Cignal Global Communications, a United States based company, terminating its service with Xtended Internet, which had to move their company to a new backbone provider.
DMCA and Google delisting.
In various incidents documented in such publications as "The New York Times," Slashdot and "Wired," the Church of Scientology has also used the controversial Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) to force notable Web sites (including the Google search engine) to remove the "Operation Clambake" homepage, and several leaflets containing copyrighted information, from their indices. Because the Xenu.net site itself is based in Norway, it does not fall under the jurisdiction of the DMCA.
In March 2002, Google agreed to limit access to material critical of the Church of Scientology on www.xenu.net, after it was sued by the Church of Scientology for copyright infringement. Information the Church of Scientology had objected to included an internal report on the death of Lisa McPherson, and images of L. Ron Hubbard. Google received criticism for its actions, and "The Guardian" reported that Operation Clambake suspected the Church of Scientology was mainly concerned about secret documents where "L Ron Hubbard is said to describe how an alien galactic ruler called Xenu is the root of all human woe". After Operation Clambake was delisted by Google, free-speech advocates besieged Google, complaining that the company was censoring search results. Prior to Google's delisting of the Operation Clambake site, "CBC News" reported that the site was listed fourth in a search for "Scientology". After Google's actions, Xenu.net did not appear in searches for "Scientology".
Aftermath.
Though Google did remove links to Operation Clambake for a short time, in place of the actual links, Google posted a notice explaining the links were removed due to the DMCA, and where the internet surfer could go to find more information. In April 2002 the "International Herald Tribune" reported that the net effect of the copyright controversy actually drove up the number of links to www.xenu.net, which improved its search results in searches for "Scientology" on Google to number two on the results page—just below the official site of the Church of Scientology. Reflecting on the controversy in a February 2003 interview in "The Boston Globe Magazine", Google founder Sergey Brin stated: "Ultimately where we ended up was the right conclusion, but we didn't initially handle it correctly." Some groups critical of the Church of Scientology's actions have later used the Google bomb technique to increase Operation Clambake's Google rankings to the number three slot in a search for "Scientology" on the search engine, by linking the term "Scientology" on their Web pages to http://www.xenu.net/. The Church of Scientology itself has also been accused of an attempt at Google bombing for making a large number of websites linking terms "Scientology" and "L. Ron Hubbard" to each other.
The publicity stemming from this incident was the impetus for Google contributing to the Chilling Effects archive, which archives legal threats of all sorts made against Internet users and Internet sites. Chilling Effects contains the original complaint letter from the law firm used by the Church of Scientology, Moxon & Kobrin.Google provided a copy of the letter from law firm Moxon & Kobrin to online rights watchdog Chilling Effects, a joint project of the Electronic Frontier Foundation and Harvard, Stanford, Berkeley, and University of San Francisco law school clinics.</ref> Helena Kobrin, lawyer for the Church of Scientology, stated she took offense at the name of the Web site, saying: "It implies that the First Amendment gives people some special right to infringe copyrights." Sergey Brin and Larry Page were both questioned on Google's response to the Church of Scientology's complaints in a 2004 interview in "Playboy Magazine", and they appreciated Chilling Effects as a "nice compromise". Brin explained the new scenario: "So now, if you do a generic search on Scientology, you get a link to a site that discusses the legal aspects of why the anti-Scientology site isn't listed."
Also in 2002, Internet Archive removed all Wayback Machine archival pages of Xenu.net at the request of lawyers for the Church of Scientology. Initially queries reported that the pages had been removed "per the request of the site owner", which Andreas Heldal-Lund denied. This was later changed to a generic "Blocked Site Error" message.
Reception.
Awards and recognition.
Operation Clambake is included as part of the Library of Congress "September 11 Web Archive," and in Spring 2002 www.xenu.net was listed as required reading for the course "Computers in Principle and Practice" at New York University, under a section on "Copyright and Censorship".
On May 17, 2003, Operation Clambake webmaster Andreas Heldal-Lund received the 2003 Leipzig Human Rights Award from the European-American Citizens Committee for Human Rights and Religious Freedom in the USA, an organization which states it is composed of "Scientology opponents from all over the world". Operation Clambake was cited by the Committee for exposing what it referred to as "fraud and human rights violations" of the Church of Scientology in the United States. The former Secretary of State of France, Alain Vivien, presented Heldal-Lund with the Award, and stated that his work had revealed the actions of Scientologists with "respect and intelligence". In his acceptance speech, Heldal-Lund spoke about freedom of speech, and emphasized the role of the individual citizen.
Media resources.
On June 16, 1998, "Dateline NBC" aired an investigative journalism piece on Scientology, and Operation Clambake was referenced on-screen as a resource to learn about "Xenu and the exploded souls". The "St. Petersburg Times" called Operation Clambake: "the best known of the critical Web sites" on Scientology. "New Straits Times" referred to the site as "a fantastic source of information for anyone interested in the Scientology cult". In July 2000 "The Wall Street Journal" included Operation Clambake among its list of "Our Favorite Sites" under the "Opinion, Commentary and Gossip" section. "The Seattle Times" described Operation Clambake as "one of the most popular" sites critical of Scientology.
Many other news organizations have recognized its work. "BBC News" wrote: "The Operation Clambake site portrays The Church as a money-hungry cult.", and an article in "The New York Times" stated: "The site portrays the church as a greedy cult that exploits its members and harasses critics." Still other news articles have called Operation Clambake "an anti-Scientology Web site", and the program "Technofile" on "Sky News" called it "one of the most controversial sites on the web". The "Associated Press" cited the Xenu and OT III story in describing the Web site: "Critics at www.xenu.net and elsewhere say advanced Scientologists are taught that 75 million years ago, the cosmic ruler Xenu paralyzed billions of people in our galaxy, stacked them on Earth and destroyed their bodies with H-bombs, though the traumatized souls survived."
More recently, news media have consulted Operation Clambake and its proprietor when seeking out information for background on stories involving Church of Scientology and related organizations. "The Sunday Times" used Operation Clambake's resources while doing a January 2007 story on Narconon and its links to the Church of Scientology. "The Daily Reveille" consulted Operation Clambake resources for an article on the "Second Chance" program, specifically for background on the Scientology doctrine known as the "Purification Rundown". In April 2007, the "Daily News" cited an "emergency bulletin" disseminated by Church of Scientology leaders that was posted on Operation Clambake, which seemed to refute claims by Church of Scientology representatives that their ministers were forbidden from proselytizing on campus after the Virginia Tech massacre. In August 2007, the "Associated Press" included information from Operation Clambake in an article on Scientology's attempts to connect with religious leaders from other faiths.
Scholarly perception.
In "Who Controls the Internet?: Illusions of a Borderless World", Jack Goldsmith notes that the site's "secret library of Scientology" page was blocked from Google for a short time. He notes that Google's actions in the matter were indicative of its policy to remove search results when threatened by governmental action. The incident between Google and the Church of Scientology involving the Web site was also discussed in an annual meeting of The State Bar of California, and cited as part of the caselaw for "Domestic Copyright Law in Cyberspace."
Fred von Lohmann, an attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, raised free speech concerns in the Xenu.net case, stating: "The danger is that people will attempt to silence critics under the guise of copyright infringement." In "Beyond the First Amendment: The Politics of Free Speech and Pluralism", author Samuel Peter Nelson raises the question: "Why should a private actor (Church of Scientology) in the United States have the power to restrict the speech of a Dutch citizen publishing in the Netherlands whose speech is protected by Dutch law?" In an interview on the Xenu.net controversy, Harvard Law School professor Jonathan Zittrain predicted that more conflicts involving the Church of Scientology were likely to occur in the future. Zittrain stated: "The cutting edge on such battles is often the Church of Scientology. They have very well honed procedures and tactics to remove information that they find objectionable."
Mentioning Operation Clambake as an example of an Internet response to a controversial movement in their 2003 book "Understanding New Religious Movements", John A. Saliba and J. Gordon Melton referred to the site as "a Web page devoted to the negative aspects of Scientology". Douglas E. Cowan, writing in "Religion Online" (2004), characterizes Operation Clambake as an example of a "surfeit of sites dedicated to so-called watchdog organizations or [...] home pages of disgruntled ex-members." According to Cowan, Internet coverage of the Church of Scientology represents an "important example of competing propagandas that struggle for authority and control both online and off". Cowan proposes that Operation Clambake seeks to demonstrate that the Church of Scientology "lacks any redeeming social value". Cowan notes that most of the content presented by the site is not the result of original research by the owner but rather a collection of hyperlinks to media reports, scholarly and popular articles, court documents and out-of-print books. Complemented by links to like-minded sites hosting essentially the same information, the result is thought by Cowan to be inflation of the apparent quantity of anti-Scientology material available. According to Cowan, Operation Clambake is not designed to be read by Scientologists, but rather meant for those who already hold negative views about Scientology and might join Heldal-Lund in his self-stated purpose: "The Fight Against the Church of Scientology on the Net." Cowan compares the site to a propaganda effort, and writes that a message is presented repeatedly, consistently to a target audience that already has some affinity with it, leading to a somewhat self-limiting construction of reality.

</doc>
<doc id="18943833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943833" title="Striptease (film)">
Striptease (film)

Striptease is a 1996 American comedy film directed, produced, and written by Andrew Bergman. The film stars Demi Moore, Burt Reynolds, and Ving Rhames. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Carl Hiaasen; it is about a stripper who becomes involved in both a child-custody dispute and corrupt politics.
"Striptease" was generally reviled by critics. It wound up winning several Golden Raspberry Awards, which are given to the worst in cinema. Among these awards given to "Striptease" was the Award for Worst Picture of 1996.
Plot.
The film revolves around former FBI secretary Erin Grant, who loses custody of her young daughter Angela to her ex-husband Darrell. In order to afford an appeal, Erin becomes a stripper at the Eager Beaver, a Miami strip club. A Congressman named David Dilbeck visits the club and immediately begins to adore Grant. Aware of Dilbeck's embarrassing indulgences, another Eager Beaver patron approaches Erin with a plan to manipulate the Congressman to settle the custody dispute in Erin's favor. However, Dilbeck has powerful business connections who want to ensure he remains in office. Consequently, those who can embarrass him in an election are murdered. Meanwhile, Erin retrieves her daughter from her negligent husband.
Dilbeck's personal interest in Erin persists, and she is invited to perform privately for him. He asks her to become his lover and later his wife, despite his staff's concerns that she knows too much. A debate occurs as to whether to kill Erin or simply keep her quiet by threatening to take away her daughter (Rumer Willis). However, Erin and a police officer (Armand Assante) begin to suspect the Congressman's guilt in the murders, and Erin concocts a plan to bring the Congressman to justice. She tricks him into confessing on tape, and he is soon after arrested. Thus, Erin regains full custody of Angela, and Darrell returns to prison.
Production.
Castle Rock Entertainment produced "Striptease". The film is based on the novel "Strip Tease" by Floridian crime writer Carl Hiaasen. It was published in 1993 and was a bestseller. The screenplay itself was written by Andrew Bergman, who also directed. According to one critic, the novel's plot is "quite faithfully followed" by the screenplay, but in bringing the complicated story to the screen, "Bergman forgets to explain persuasively what a nice girl like Erin — smart, spunky and a former FBI employee — is doing in a dump called the Eager Beaver."
Concerns that the ending of the film was not comical enough resulted in rewrites and reshoots, causing a one-month delay. Part of these concerns owed to test screenings, where audiences objected to a scene where Dilbeck becomes violent. Later test screenings also turned up less than favorable reactions.
Casting.
Moore played the main female character, Erin Grant. For the film, she was paid $12.5 million, which was at the time a record for an actress. To prepare for her role, Moore visited strip clubs in New York City, California, and Florida, and she met with strippers. Moore really did dance topless in the part, though this was the sixth time she showed her breasts on film. She also read the novel, exercised, and practiced yoga. Moore was cast before other important parts were cast, creating some interest in the project. In the first attempt at filming Moore stripping, two hundred actors were used to portray the audience. Although their salaries were small, many accepted the role to see Moore nude. After waiting for a while, when Moore finally appeared and started dancing the crowd turned so loud and wild that the shooting had to temporarily cease. As Moore said, "After my experience, I felt very confident."
The cast included some notable real-world strippers such as Pandora Peaks. Rhames plays a bouncer named Shad. The filmmakers, in trying actors out for Shad's part, looked for someone "at least 6'2 and physically massive...any ethnicity." (Rhames is African American). Reynolds played Congressman Dilbeck, and he based his performance after politicians he knew in his early life, through his father, a police chief. Reynolds was not an actor that the filmmakers originally had in mind for the part, but Reynolds wanted it, contacted Castle Rock head Rob Reiner, and traveled to Miami to audition. He accepted a salary lower than what he had made in his earlier career. Moore's own daughter Rumer Willis played Erin's daughter Angela. As Moore explained, "she wanted it so badly" that Moore asked that Willis be considered for the part. In reality this required Willis to see Moore dancing topless, for a scene in which Angela sees Erin performing. However, Moore said that this was acceptable, as "We don't shame the body, we encourage the body as something beautiful and natural, and my children bathe with me, and I walk around naked."
Release.
"Striptease" was distributed by Sony and was finally released in the United States on June 28, 1996, after a June 23 premiere in New York City. It opened in Australia, France and Germany in August, and Argentina, Italy, Bolivia, South Africa, the United Kingdom, Brazil and Japan in September.
Nudity was heavily emphasized in advertisements. The Motion Picture Association of America raised concerns regarding a posters which it felt revealed too much of Moore's naked body. A Castle Rock employee argued: "There are racier perfume ads."
The previous year's film about nude dancers, "Showgirls", was generally disliked, so filmmakers feared audiences would pre-judge "Striptease" on this basis. To avoid any association, advertisements were designed to make "Striptease" look more comedic than "Showgirls", which was a drama. Besides the subject matter, "Striptease" and "Showgirls" did have two notable connections. The choreography in these films was by the same person, Marguerite Derricks. Both also featured performances by Rena Riffel, who plays a dancer in each. To promote the film, Moore appeared on the "Late Show with David Letterman" and a Barbara Walters special. In both cases, she danced or otherwise exhibited her body.
Reception.
Critical response.
"Striptease" received generally negative reviews from film critics. Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" complimented some of the characters, but ultimately concluded the film failed because "all of the characters are hilarious except for Demi Moore's." He felt the drama surrounding the main character "throws a wetblanket over the rest of the party." Ebert also found the nudity not too sexy. Leonard Maltin was harsher, writing in his book that the film was too depressing, and "Not funny enough, or dramatic enough, or sexy enough, or bad enough, to qualify as entertainment in "any" category." Barbara Cramer concurred with Ebert that Moore's character was written too dramatically, compared to other characters. She said the film was predictable and would appeal mostly to "post-pubescent schoolboys or closet voyeurs." However, Cramer also cited Reynolds' "his best role in years," and that Rhames was "worth the price of admission." Brian D. Johnson of "Maclean's", who thought Moore's acting was terrible, predicted that despite Moore's financial success, her career depended on the success of this film and the film was "tacky, pretentious-and boring." This critic described "Striptease" as displaying Moore's vanity. Dave Ansen of "Newsweek", sharing Ebert's view on Moore's character, also claimed "Striptease" failed as a drama because it had no mystery, revealing the identity of its villains early. Moreover, the "damsel-in-distress angle generates zero tension." "Striptease" currently holds an 11% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 35 reviews.
Accolades.
The film received seven Golden Raspberry nominations and won six, namely for Worst Picture, Worst Director, Worst Screenplay, Worst Actress, Worst Original Song ("(Pussy Pussy Pussy) Whose Kitty Cat Are You?"), and Worst Screen Couple. The only category the film lost was Worst Supporting Actor for Burt Reynolds, which went to Marlon Brando for "The Island of Dr. Moreau". In winning the Worst Picture Razzie, "Striptease" defeated "The Island of Dr. Moreau", "Barb Wire", "The Stupids", and "Ed". Moore won for Worst Actress while she and Reynolds shared for Worst Screen Couple.
Box office.
"Striptease" made $12,322,069 in its first weekend, falling behind "The Nutty Professor" with Eddie Murphy, "Eraser" starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, and Disney's "The Hunchback of Notre Dame", in which Moore voiced one of the main characters. Ultimately, "Striptease" made $33,109,743 in the United States, and domestically it was the 47th highest grossing film of 1996. It made $113,309,743 internationally, having grossed £2,104,480 in the UK and ¥102,419,500 in Japan.
Legacy.
In 1997, "Striptease" made news again when it was shown in a fourth-grade class in Chicago, Illinois. The teacher claimed the students chose the film, but he drew criticism since the film was risqué. (The violent 1996 film "Scream" was shown in the same school on the same day, causing further controversy.) In 2000 in Ireland, some viewers criticized the Radio Telefís Éireann for running "Striptease". These viewers questioned the film's appropriateness and some considered it demeaning to women. However, the station felt it was not pornography and it was aired at night.
In 2003, Radioactive Films used a scene from "Striptease" featuring Moore nude in a video called "Hollywood's Hottest". This raised a dispute as to whether use of the scene qualified as fair use. A lawsuit was launched as a consequence.
References.
Please do not type footnotes here. Instead insert the footnote in its proper spot in the body of this article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="18943849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943849" title="Mykyta Kamenyuka">
Mykyta Kamenyuka

Mykyta Kamenyuka (; born 3 June 1985, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Zorya in the Ukrainian Premier League. He moved from Illichivets to Zorya during the 2008–09 summer transfer season.

</doc>
<doc id="18943854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943854" title="Middle Vinemount Falls">
Middle Vinemount Falls

Middle Vinemount Falls is a 10 metre high cascade waterfall found on CN property in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Vinemount Conservation Area, Dofasco 2000 Trail, Battlefield House Museum, Devil's Punch Bowl, Devil's Punch Bowl Conservation Area, Erland Lee House.
Directions.
Inaccessible without permission from the owner. Half a kilometre east of "Jones Road" in Stoney Creek.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18943855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943855" title="List of number-one singles of 1978 (Ireland)">
List of number-one singles of 1978 (Ireland)

This is a list of singles which have reached number one on the Irish Singles Chart in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18943868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943868" title="Annie Leibovitz">
Annie Leibovitz

Anna-Lou "Annie" Leibovitz (; born October 2, 1949) is an American portrait photographer.
Early life.
Born in Waterbury, Connecticut, on October 2, 1949, Leibovitz is the third of six children. She is a third-generation American whose great-grandparents were Jewish immigrants from Central and Eastern Europe. Her father's parents had emigrated from Romania. Her mother, Marilyn Edith, née Heit, was a modern dance instructor of Estonian Jewish heritage; her father, Samuel Leibovitz, was a lieutenant colonel in the U.S. Air Force. The family moved frequently with her father's duty assignments, and she took her first pictures when he was stationed in the Philippines during the Vietnam War.
At Northwood High School, she became interested in various artistic endeavors, and began to write and play music. She attended the San Francisco Art Institute, where she studied painting. For several years, she continued to develop her photography skills while working various jobs, including a stint on a kibbutz in Amir, Israel, for several months in 1969.
Career.
"Rolling Stone" magazine.
When Leibovitz returned to the United States in 1970, she started her career as staff photographer, working for the just launched "Rolling Stone" magazine.
In 1973, publisher Jann Wenner named Leibovitz chief photographer of "Rolling Stone", a job she would hold for 10 years.
Leibovitz worked for the magazine until 1983, and her intimate photographs of celebrities helped define the "Rolling Stone" look. While working for "Rolling Stone", Leibovitz became more aware of the other magazines.
Richard Avedon's portraits were an important and powerful example in her life.
She learned that she could work for magazines and still create personal work, which for her was the most important.
She sought intimate moments with her subjects, who "open their hearts and souls and lives to you".
Photographers such as Robert Frank and Henri Cartier-Bresson influenced her during her time at the San Francisco Art Institute. "Their style of personal reportage - taken in a graphic way - was what we were taught to emulate."
The Rolling Stones.
Leibovitz photographed The Rolling Stones in San Francisco in 1971 and 1972, and served as the concert-tour photographer for Rolling Stones Tour of the Americas '75. Her favorite photo from the tour was a photo of Mick Jagger in an elevator.
Joan Armatrading.
In 1978 Leibovitz became the first woman to photograph Joan Armatrading for an album. She did the photography for Armatrading's fifth studio album "To the Limit", spending four days at her house capturing the images. She also did the photography for Armatrading's 1979 live album, "Steppin' Out".
John Lennon.
On December 8, 1980, Leibovitz had a photo shoot with John Lennon for "Rolling Stone", promising him that he would make the cover. She had initially tried to get a picture with just Lennon alone, which is what "Rolling Stone" wanted, but Lennon insisted that both he and Yoko Ono be on the cover. Leibovitz then tried to re-create something like the kissing scene from the "Double Fantasy" album cover, a picture that she loved. She had John remove his clothes and curl up next to Yoko on the floor. Leibovitz recalls, "What is interesting is she said she'd take her top off and I said, 'Leave everything on' — not really preconceiving the picture at all. Then he curled up next to her and it was very, very strong. You couldn't help but feel that he was cold and he looked like he was clinging on to her. I think it was amazing to look at the first Polaroid and they were both very excited. John said, 'You've captured our relationship exactly. Promise me it'll be on the cover.' I looked him in the eye and we shook on it." Leibovitz was the last person to professionally photograph Lennon—he was shot and killed five hours later.
The photograph was subsequently re-created in 2009 by John and Yoko's son Sean Lennon, posing with his girlfriend Charlotte Kemp Muhl, with male/female roles reversed (Sean clothed, Kemp naked), and by Henry Bond and Sam Taylor-Wood in their YBA pastiche October 26, 1993.
In 2011, Leibovitz was nominated alongside Singaporean photographer Dominic Khoo and Wing Shya for Asia Pacific Photographer of the Year.
Other projects.
In 2007, The BBC misrepresented a portrait shooting by Leibovitz of Queen Elizabeth II to take the Queen's official picture for her state visit to Virginia. This was filmed for the BBC documentary "A Year with the Queen". A promotional trailer for the film showed the Queen reacting angrily to Leibovitz's suggestion ("less dressy") that she remove her tiara, then a scene of the Queen walking down a corridor, telling an aide "I'm not changing anything. I've had enough dressing like this, thank you very much." The BBC later apologized and admitted that the sequence of events had been misrepresented, as the Queen was in fact walking to the sitting in the second scene. This led to a BBC scandal and a shake-up of ethics training. See The Tiaragate Affair.
Leibovitz claims she never liked the word "celebrity". "I've always been more interested in what they do than who they are, I hope that my photographs reflect that." She tries to receive a little piece of each subjects personality in the photos.
On April 25, 2008, the televised entertainment program "Entertainment Tonight" reported that 15-year-old Miley Cyrus had posed topless for a photo shoot with "Vanity Fair". The photograph, and subsequently released behind-the-scenes photographs, show Cyrus without a top, her bare back exposed but her front covered with a bedsheet. The photo shoot was taken by photographer Annie Leibovitz. The full photograph was published with an accompanying story on "The New York Times"' website on April 27, 2008. On April 29, 2008, "The New York Times" clarified that though the pictures left an impression that she was bare-breasted, Cyrus was wrapped in a bedsheet and was actually not topless. Some parents expressed outrage at the nature of the photograph, which a Disney spokesperson described as "a situation was created to deliberately manipulate a 15-year-old in order to sell magazines".
In response to the Internet circulation of the photo and ensuing media attention, Cyrus released a statement of apology on April 27:
"I took part in a photo shoot that was supposed to be 'artistic' and now, seeing the photographs and reading the story, I feel so embarrassed. I never intended for any of this to happen and I apologize to my fans who I care so deeply about."
Leibovitz also released a statement saying:
"I'm sorry that my portrait of Miley has been misinterpreted," Leibovitz said. "The photograph is a simple, classic portrait, shot with very little makeup, and I think it is very beautiful."
In October, 2011, Leibovitz had an exhibit in Moscow. In an interview with Rossiya 24, she explained her photography style.
Archive.
Since 1977, Leibovitz licensing images have been represented by Contact Press Images, a photojournalism agency based in New York City. She ceased to be represented by Jim Moffat at A Corporation for Art & Commerce in 2009.
Personal life.
Leibovitz had a close romantic relationship with noted writer and essayist Susan Sontag. They met in 1989, when both had already established notability in their careers. Leibovitz has suggested that Sontag mentored her and constructively criticized her work.
After Sontag's death in 2004, "Newsweek" published an article about Leibovitz that made reference to her decade-plus relationship with Sontag, stating that "The two first met in the late '80s, when Leibovitz photographed her for a book jacket. They never lived together, though they each had an apartment within view of the other's."
Neither Leibovitz nor Sontag had ever previously publicly disclosed whether the relationship was familial, a friendship, or sexual in nature. However, when Leibovitz was interviewed for her 2006 book "A Photographer's Life: 1990-2005", she said the book told a number of stories, and that "with Susan, it was a love story."
Even though Annie Leibovitz and Susan Sontag never formally stated their relationship Annie has said in her book A Photographers life "Words like 'companion' and 'partner' were not in our vocabulary," Leibovitz says. "We were two people who helped each other through our lives. The closest word is still 'friend'." 
In the preface to the book, she speaks in greater detail about her romantic/intellectual relationship with Sontag, briefly discussing a book they were working on together and describes how assembling "A Photographer's Life: 1990-2005" was part of the grieving process after Sontag's death. The book and accompanying show include many photographs of Sontag throughout their life together, including several on her deathbed.
Leibovitz acknowledged that she and Sontag were romantically involved. When asked why she used terms like "companion" to describe Sontag, instead of more specific ones like "partner" or "lover", Leibovitz finally said that "lover" was fine with her. She later repeated the assertion in stating to the "San Francisco Chronicle":
"Call us 'lovers'. I like 'lovers.' You know, 'lovers' sounds romantic. I mean, I want to be perfectly clear. I love Susan."
Leibovitz is Jewish and nonobservant. Asked if being Jewish is important to her, Leibovitz replied, ""I'm not a practicing Jew, but I feel very Jewish.""
Children.
Leibovitz has three children. Her daughter Sarah Cameron Leibovitz was born in October 2001 when Leibovitz was 52 years old. Her twins (two girls) Susan and Samuelle were born to a surrogate mother in May 2005.
Financial troubles.
In February 2009, Leibovitz borrowed $15.5 million, having experienced financial challenges in recent years. She put up as collateral, not only several houses, but the rights to all of her photographs. "The New York Times" noted "one of the world's most successful photographers essentially pawned every snap of the shutter she had made or will make until the loans are paid off." In July 2009, a breach of contract lawsuit against Leibovitz was filed by Art Capital Group in the amount of $24 million regarding the repayment of these loans. the "Times" explores why an artist of her standing could be in such financial straits, despite a $50 million archive. They cite a "long history of less than careful financial dealings", and "a recent series of personal issues". The latter include the recent loss of her father, her mother, her companion (Susan Sontag), the addition of two children to her family, and the controversial renovation of three properties in Greenwich Village. In early September 2009, an Associated Press story quoted legal experts as saying that filing for bankruptcy reorganization might offer Leibovitz her best chance to control and direct the disposition of her assets to satisfy debts. On September 11, Art Capital Group withdrew its lawsuit against Leibovitz, and extended the due date for repayment of the $24 million loan. Under the agreement, Leibovitz retains control over her work, and will be the "exclusive agent in the sale of her real property (land) and copyrights".
In March, 2010, Colony Capital concluded a new financing and marketing agreement with Leibovitz, paying off Art Capital and removing or reducing the risks of Leibovitz losing her artistic and real estate.
In April 2010, Brunswick Capital Partners filed suit against Leibovitz, claiming that they are owed several hundred thousand dollars for helping her restructure her debt.
In December 2012 her famous Townhouse in West Village, NY was listed for sale, asking price was set at $33 Million. Leibovitz stated that she sold her home in order to move closer to her daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="18943870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943870" title="Ardabilya">
Ardabilya

Ardabilya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18943881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943881" title="Munger (disambiguation)">
Munger (disambiguation)

Munger may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18943886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943886" title="Headstunts">
Headstunts

Headstunts is The Datsuns' fourth studio album, released on 6 October 2008. It was recorded in early 2008 in Sweden and was self-produced. It is the first album The Datsuns recorded with new drummer Ben Cole.
The title of the album, "Headstunts" is an anagram of the band's name.

</doc>
<doc id="18943890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943890" title="Oh, Pretty Woman">
Oh, Pretty Woman

"Oh, Pretty Woman" is a song, released in August 1964, which was a worldwide success for Roy Orbison. Recorded on the Monument Records label in Nashville, Tennessee, it was written by Roy Orbison and Bill Dees. The song spent three weeks at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "Pretty Woman" was also Orbison's third single to top the British singles chart (for a total of three weeks). The previous Orbison singles to reach No.1 in the UK were "Only the Lonely" in 1960 and "It's Over" earlier in 1964. There were three guitar players on the session, Billy Sanford, Jerry Kennedy and Wayne Moss. Billy Sanford, who later played session for everybody from Elvis to Don Williams (and took to the road with Don in the 1990s) did the kick-off. Williams introduced him as a kid who had just arrived Nashville, with a borrowed guitar, who heard Orbison was minus a guitar player, who went over and got the gig.
The record sold seven million copies and marked the high point in Orbison's career.Five years after its release, in 1969, the single was awarded gold record by RIAA. Orbison posthumously won the 1991 Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for his live recording of the song on his HBO television special "Roy Orbison and Friends, A Black and White Night". In 1999, the song was honored with a Grammy Hall of Fame Award and was named one of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll. In 2004, "Rolling Stone" magazine ranked it #222 on their list of the "500 Greatest Songs of All Time."
Content.
The lyrics tell the story of a man who sees a pretty woman walking by. He yearns for her and wonders if, as beautiful as she is, she might be lonely like he is. At the last minute, she turns back and joins him.
The title was inspired by Orbison's wife Claudette interrupting a conversation to announce she was going out; when Orbison asked if she was okay for cash, his co-writer Bill Dees interjected "A pretty woman never needs any money."
Lawsuit against 2 Live Crew.
In 1989, the controversial rap group 2 Live Crew recorded a parody of the Orbison song, using the alternate title "Pretty Woman" for their album "Clean As They Wanna Be". The 2 Live Crew sampled the distinctive bassline from the Orbison song, but the romantic lyrics were replaced by talk about a hairy woman and her bald-headed friend and their appeal to the singer, as well as denunciation of a "two-timing woman."
Orbison's publisher, Acuff-Rose Music sued 2 Live Crew on the basis that the fair use doctrine did not permit reuse of their copyrighted material for profit. The case, "Campbell v. Acuff-Rose Music, Inc." went all the way to the United States Supreme Court. The Supreme Court decided in 2 Live Crew's favor, greatly expanding the doctrine of fair use and extending its protections to parodies created for profit. It is considered a germinal fair use decision.
Cover versions and parodies.
The song has been covered by a number of artists:

</doc>
<doc id="18943926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943926" title="Kubalikend">
Kubalikend

Kubalikend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18943927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943927" title="Probabilistic database">
Probabilistic database

Most real databases contain data whose correctness is uncertain. In order to work with such data, there is a need to quantify the integrity of the data. This is achieved by using probabilistic databases.
A probabilistic database is an uncertain database in which the possible worlds have associated probabilities. Probabilistic database management systems are currently an active area of research. "While there are currently no commercial probabilistic database systems, several research prototypes exist..."
Probabilistic databases distinguish between the logical data model and the physical representation of the data much like relational databases do in the ANSI-SPARC Architecture.
In probabilistic databases this is even more crucial since such databases have to represent very large numbers of possible worlds, often exponential in the size of one world (a classical database), succinctly.
Terminology.
In a probabilistic database, each data item - relation, tuple and value that an attribute can take - is associated with a probability ∈ (0,1], with 0 representing that the data is certainly incorrect, and 1 representing that it is certainly correct.
Possible Worlds.
A probabilistic database could exist in multiple states. For example, if we are uncertain about the existence of a tuple in the database, then the database could be in two different states with respect to that tuple - the first state contains the tuple, while the second one does not. Similarly, if an attribute can take one of the values "x", "y" or "z", then the database can be in three different states with respect to that attribute. 
Each of these "states" is called a possible world.
Consider the following database:
Then the actual state of the database may or may not contain the first tuple (depending on whether it is correct or not). Similarly, the value of the attribute B may be "b3","b3′" or "b3′′".
Consequently, the possible worlds corresponding to the database are as follows:
Types of Uncertainties.
There are essentially two kinds of uncertainties that could exist in a probabilistic database, as described in the table below:
By assigning values to random variables associated with the data items, we can represent different possible worlds.

</doc>
<doc id="18943937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943937" title="Emulator">
Emulator

In computing, an emulator is hardware or software or both that duplicates (or "emulates") the functions of one computer system (the "guest") in another computer system (the "host"), different from the first one, so that the emulated behavior closely resembles the behavior of the real system (the guest). This focus on exact reproduction of behavior is in contrast to some other forms of computer simulation, in which an abstract model of a system is being simulated. For example, a computer simulation of a hurricane or a chemical reaction is not emulation.
Emulators in computing.
Emulation refers to the ability of a computer program in an electronic device to emulate (imitate) another program or device. Many printers, for example, are designed to emulate Hewlett-Packard LaserJet printers because so much software is written for HP printers. If a non-HP printer emulates an HP printer, any software written for a real HP printer will also run in the non-HP printer emulation and produce equivalent printing.
A hardware emulator is an emulator which takes the form of a hardware device. Examples include the DOS-compatible card installed in some old-world Macintoshes like Centris 610 or Performa 630 that allowed them to run PC programs and FPGA-based hardware emulators.
In a theoretical sense, the Church-Turing thesis implies that any operating environment can be emulated within any other. However, in practice, it can be quite difficult, particularly when the exact behavior of the system to be emulated is not documented and has to be deduced through reverse engineering. It also says nothing about timing constraints; if the emulator does not perform as quickly as the original hardware, the emulated software may run much more slowly than it would have on the original hardware, possibly triggering time interrupts that alter performance.
Emulation in preservation.
Emulation is a strategy in digital preservation to combat obsolescence. Emulation focuses on recreating an original computer environment, which can be time-consuming and difficult to achieve, but valuable because of its ability to maintain a closer connection to the authenticity of the digital object.
Emulation addresses the original hardware and software environment of the digital object, and recreates it on a current machine. The emulator allows the user to have access to any kind of application or operating system on a current platform, while the software runs as it did in its original environment. Jeffery Rothenberg, an early proponent of emulation as a digital preservation strategy states, "the ideal approach would provide a single extensible, long-term solution that can be designed once and for all and applied uniformly, automatically, and in synchrony (for example, at every refresh cycle) to all types of documents and media". He further states that this should not only apply to out of date systems, but also be upwardly mobile to future unknown systems. Practically speaking, when a certain application is released in a new version, rather than address compatibility issues and migration for every digital object created in the previous version of that application, one could create an emulator for the application, allowing access to all of said digital objects.
Emulators in new media art.
Because of its primary use of digital formats, new media art relies heavily on emulation as a preservation strategy. Artists such as Cory Arcangel specialize in resurrecting obsolete technologies in their artwork and recognize the importance of a decentralized and deinstitutionalized process for the preservation of digital culture.
In many cases, the goal of emulation in new media art is to preserve a digital medium so that it can be saved indefinitely and reproduced without error, so that there is no reliance on hardware that ages and becomes obsolete. The paradox is that the emulation and the emulator have to be made to work on future computers.
Emulation in future systems design.
Emulation technics are commonly used during the design and development of new systems. It eases the development process by providing the ability to detect, recreate and repair flaws in the design even before the system is actually built. It is particularly useful in the design of multi-cores systems, where concurrency errors can be very difficult to detect and correct without the controlled environment provided by virtual hardware. This also allows the software development to take place before the hardware is ready, thus helping to validate design decisions.
Types of emulators.
Most emulators just emulate a hardware architecture—if operating system firmware or software is required for the desired software, it must be provided as well (and may itself be emulated). Both the OS and the software will then be interpreted by the emulator, rather than being run by native hardware. Apart from this interpreter for the emulated binary machine's language, some other hardware (such as input or output devices) must be provided in virtual form as well; for example, if writing to a specific memory location should influence what is displayed on the screen, then this would need to be emulated.
While emulation could, if taken to the extreme, go down to the atomic level, basing its output on a simulation of the actual circuitry from a virtual power source, this would be a highly unusual solution. Emulators typically stop at a simulation of the documented hardware specifications and digital logic. Sufficient emulation of some hardware platforms requires extreme accuracy, down to the level of individual clock cycles, undocumented features, unpredictable analog elements, and implementation bugs. This is particularly the case with classic home computers such as the Commodore 64, whose software often depends on highly sophisticated low-level programming tricks invented by game programmers and the demoscene.
In contrast, some other platforms have had very little use of direct hardware addressing. In these cases, a simple compatibility layer may suffice. This translates system calls for the emulated system into system calls for the host system e.g., the Linux compatibility layer used on *BSD to run closed source Linux native software on FreeBSD, NetBSD and OpenBSD. For example, while the Nintendo 64 graphic processor was fully programmable, most games used one of a few pre-made programs, which were mostly self-contained and communicated with the game via FIFO; therefore, many emulators do not emulate the graphic processor at all, but simply interpret the commands received from the CPU as the original program would.
Developers of software for embedded systems or video game consoles often design their software on especially accurate emulators called simulators before trying it on the real hardware. This is so that software can be produced and tested before the final hardware exists in large quantities, so that it can be tested without taking the time to copy the program to be debugged at a low level and without introducing the side effects of a debugger. In many cases, the simulator is actually produced by the company providing the hardware, which theoretically increases its accuracy.
Math coprocessor emulators allow programs compiled with math instructions to run on machines that don't have the coprocessor installed, but the extra work done by the CPU may slow the system down. If a math coprocessor isn't installed or present on the CPU, when the CPU executes any coprocessor instruction it will make a determined interrupt (coprocessor not available), calling the math emulator routines. When the instruction is successfully emulated, the program continues executing.
Structure of an emulator.
Typically, an emulator is divided into modules that correspond roughly to the emulated computer's subsystems.
Most often, an emulator will be composed of the following modules:
Buses are often not emulated, either for reasons of performance or simplicity, and virtual peripherals communicate directly with the CPU or the memory subsystem.
Memory subsystem.
It is possible for the memory subsystem emulation to be reduced to simply an array of elements each sized like an emulated word; however, this model falls very quickly as soon as any location in the computer's logical memory does not match physical memory.
This clearly is the case whenever the emulated hardware allows for advanced memory management (in which case, the MMU logic can be embedded in the memory emulator, made a module of its own, or sometimes integrated into the CPU simulator).
Even if the emulated computer does not feature an MMU, though, there are usually other factors that break the equivalence between logical and physical memory: many (if not most) architectures offer memory-mapped I/O; even those that do not often have a block of logical memory mapped to ROM, which means that the memory-array module must be discarded if the read-only nature of ROM is to be emulated. Features such as bank switching or segmentation may also complicate memory emulation.
As a result, most emulators implement at least two procedures for writing to and reading from logical memory, and it is these procedures' duty to map every access to the correct location of the correct object.
On a base-limit addressing system where memory from address "0" to address "ROMSIZE-1" is read-only memory, while the rest is RAM, something along the line of the following procedures would be typical:
CPU simulator.
The CPU simulator is often the most complicated part of an emulator. Many emulators are written using "pre-packaged" CPU simulators, in order to concentrate on good and efficient emulation of a specific machine.
The simplest form of a CPU simulator is an interpreter, which is a computer program that follows the execution flow of the emulated program code and, for every machine code instruction encountered, executes operations on the host processor that are semantically equivalent to the original instructions.
This is made possible by assigning a variable to each register and flag of the simulated CPU. The logic of the simulated CPU can then more or less be directly translated into software algorithms, creating a software re-implementation that basically mirrors the original hardware implementation.
The following example illustrates how CPU simulation can be accomplished by an interpreter. In this case, interrupts are checked-for before every instruction executed, though this behavior is rare in real emulators for performance reasons (it is generally faster to use a subroutine to do the work of an interrupt).
Interpreters are very popular as computer simulators, as they are much simpler to implement than more time-efficient alternative solutions, and their speed is more than adequate for emulating computers of more than roughly a decade ago on modern machines.
However, the speed penalty inherent in interpretation can be a problem when emulating computers whose processor speed is on the same order of magnitude as the host machine. Until not many years ago, emulation in such situations was considered completely impractical by many.
What allowed breaking through this restriction were the advances in dynamic recompilation techniques. Simple "a priori" translation of emulated program code into code runnable on the host architecture is usually impossible because of several reasons:
Various forms of dynamic recompilation, including the popular Just In Time compiler (JIT) technique, try to circumvent these problems by waiting until the processor control flow jumps into a location containing untranslated code, and only then ("just in time") translates a block of the code into host code that can be executed.
The translated code is kept in a "code cache", and the original code is not lost or affected; this way, even data segments can be (meaninglessly) translated by the recompiler, resulting in no more than a waste of translation time.
Speed may not be desirable as some older games were not designed with the speed of faster computers in mind. A game designed for a 30 MHz PC with a level timer of 300 game seconds might only give the player 30 seconds on a 300 MHz PC. Other programs, such as some DOS programs, may not even run on faster computers. Particularly when emulating computers which were "closed-box", in which changes to the core of the system were not typical, software may use techniques that depend on specific characteristics of the computer it ran on (i.e. its CPU's speed) and thus precise control of the speed of emulation is important for such applications to be properly emulated.
I/O.
Most emulators do not, as mentioned earlier, emulate the main system bus; each I/O device is thus often treated as a special case, and no consistent interface for virtual peripherals is provided.
This can result in a performance advantage, since each I/O module can be tailored to the characteristics of the emulated device; designs based on a standard, unified I/O API can, however, rival such simpler models, if well thought-out, and they have the additional advantage of "automatically" providing a plug-in service through which third-party virtual devices can be used within the emulator.
A unified I/O API may not necessarily mirror the structure of the real hardware bus: bus design is limited by several electric constraints and a need for hardware concurrency management that can mostly be ignored in a software implementation.
Even in emulators that treat each device as a special case, there is usually a common basic infrastructure for:
Emulation versus simulation.
The word "emulator" was coined in 1963 at IBM during development of the NPL (IBM 360) product line, using a "new combination of software, microcode, and hardware".
They discovered that using microcode hardware instead of software simulation, to execute programs written for earlier IBM computers, dramatically increased simulation speed. Earlier, IBM provided simulators for, e.g., the 650 on the 705.
In addition to simulators, IBM had compatibility features on the 709 and 7090, for which it
provided the IBM 709 computer with a program to run legacy programs written for the IBM 704 on the 709 and later on the IBM 7090. This program used the instructions added by the compatibility feature to trap instructions requiring special handling; all other 704 instructions ran the same on a 7090. The compatibility feature on the 1410 only required setting a console toggle switch, not a support program.
In 1963, when microcode was first used to speed up this simulation process, IBM engineers coined the term "emulator" to describe the concept.
It has recently become common to use the word "emulate" in the context of software. However, before 1980, "emulation" referred only to emulation with a hardware or microcode assist, while "simulation" referred to pure software emulation. For example, a computer specially built for running programs designed for another architecture is an emulator. In contrast, a simulator could be a program which runs on a PC, so that old Atari games can be simulated on it. Purists continue to insist on this distinction, but currently the term "emulation" often means the complete imitation of a machine executing binary code while "simulation" often refers to computer simulation, where a computer program is used to simulate an abstract model. Computer simulation is used in virtually every scientific and engineering domain and Computer Science is no exception, with several projects simulating abstract models of computer systems, such as network simulation.
Logic simulators.
Logic simulation is the use of a computer program to simulate the operation of a digital circuit such as a processor. This is done after a digital circuit has been designed in logic equations, but before the circuit is fabricated in hardware.
Functional simulators.
Functional simulation is the use of a computer program to simulate the execution of a second computer program written in symbolic assembly language or compiler language, rather than in binary machine code. By using a functional simulator, programmers can execute and trace selected sections of source code to search for programming errors (bugs), without generating binary code. This is distinct from simulating execution of binary code, which is software emulation.
The first functional simulator was written by Autonetics about 1960 for testing assembly language programs for later execution in military computer D-17B. This made it possible for flight programs to be written, executed, and tested before D-17B computer hardware had been built. Autonetics also programmed a functional simulator for testing flight programs for later execution in the military computer D-37C.
Video game console emulators.
Video game console emulators are programs that allow a personal computer or video game console to emulate another video game console. They are most often used to play older video games on personal computers and more contemporary video game consoles, but they are also used to translate games into other languages, to modify existing games, and in the development process of home brew demos and new games for older systems. The internet has helped in the spread of console emulators, as most - if not all - would be unavailable for sale in retail outlets. Examples of console emulators that have been released in the last 2 decades are: Dolphin, Zsnes, Kega Fusion, Desmume, Epsxe, Project64, Visual Boy Advance, NullDC and Nestopia.
Terminal emulators.
Terminal emulators are software programs that provide modern computers and devices interactive access to applications running on mainframe computer operating systems or other host systems such as HP-UX or OpenVMS. Terminals such as the IBM 3270 or VT100 and many others, are no longer produced as physical devices. Instead, software running on modern operating systems simulates a "dumb" terminal and is able to render the graphical and text elements of the host application, send keystrokes and process commands using the appropriate terminal protocol. Some terminal emulation applications include Attachmate Reflection, IBM Personal Communications, Stromasys CHARON-VAX/AXP and Micro Focus Rumba.

</doc>
<doc id="18943946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943946" title="Vasyl Kostyuk">
Vasyl Kostyuk

Vasyl Kostyuk (born 9 February 1989, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for Zorya in the Ukrainian Premier League. He is the product of the Dynamo Kyiv Youth school system.

</doc>
<doc id="18943952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943952" title="Bryony Shaw">
Bryony Shaw

Bryony Elisabeth Shaw (born 28 April 1983, Wandsworth) is a British windsurfer. She lives in Tunbridge Wells. Her boyfriend is Greg King, also a British windsurfer.
Early life.
She first began windsurfing in the south of France in 1992. She attended Cheney Upper School on "Cheney Lane" near Headington in Oxford gaining A levels in Art, Maths and Biology, where her father had been teaching Business Studies for PhD at Oxford Brookes University. She had windsurfed on Farmoor Reservoir to the west of Oxford. She went to Cardiff University to study Architecture where she stayed for a year before committing to windsurfing full-time in 2004. 
Windsurfing.
She won the bronze medal in the women's RS:X class at the 2008 Summer Olympics, the first ever women's windsurfing medal for the British Olympic team. She trains at the Weymouth and Portland National Sailing Academy.
Shaw ranked 8th at the 2008 RS:X World Championship, and 12th at the 2007 ISAF Sailing World Championships. 

</doc>
<doc id="18943962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18943962" title="Steamboat Willie">
Steamboat Willie

Steamboat Willie is a 1928 American animated short film directed by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks. It was produced in black-and-white by the Walt Disney Studios and released by Celebrity Productions. The cartoon is considered the debut of Mickey Mouse, and his girlfriend Minnie, despite both the characters appearing several months earlier in a test screening of "Plane Crazy". "Steamboat Willie" was the third of Mickey's films to be produced, but was the first to be distributed.
The film is also notable for being the first cartoon with synchronized sound. It was the first cartoon to feature a fully post-produced soundtrack which distinguished it from earlier sound cartoons such as Inkwell Studios' "Song Car-Tunes" (1924–1927) and Van Beuren Studios' "Dinner Time" (1928). Also distinguishing "Steamboat Willie" from earlier sound cartoons was the level of popularity.
Music for "Steamboat Willie" was arranged by Wilfred Jackson and Bert Lewis, and included the songs "Steamboat Bill," a 1911 Arthur Collins composition, and "Turkey in the Straw." The title of the film is a parody of the Buster Keaton film "Steamboat Bill Jr." (1928), itself a reference to the song by Collins. Walt Disney performed all of the voices in the film, although there is little intelligible dialogue.
While the film has received some criticism due to humorous depiction of cruelty to animals, it has also received wide critical acclaim, not only for introducing one of the world's most popular cartoon characters, but for its technical innovation. In 1994 members of the animation field voted "Steamboat Willie" 13th in the book "The 50 Greatest Cartoons", which listed the greatest cartoons of all time. In 1998 the film was selected for preservation in the United States' National Film Registry for being deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant."
Synopsis.
Mickey Mouse pilots a river steamboat, suggesting that he himself is the captain. He cheerfully whistles "Steamboat Bill" and sounds the boat's three whistles. Soon the real captain appears (Pete) and angrily orders Mickey off the bridge. Mickey makes a Bronx cheer (blows a raspberry) at Pete, and then Pete kicks him, making him fall down the stairs, slip on a bar of soap on the boat's deck and land in a bucket of water. A parrot makes fun of him, and Mickey throws the bucket over the bird.
Now piloting the steamboat himself, Pete bites off some chewing tobacco and spits into the wind. The spit flies backward and rings the boat's bell. Amused by this Pete spits again, but it hits him in the face.
The steamboat makes a stop at "Podunk Landing" to pick up a cargo of various livestock. Just as they set off again, Minnie appears, running to catch the boat before it leaves. Mickey does not see her in time, but she runs after the boat along the shore and Mickey takes her on board using the cargo crane.
Landing on deck, Minnie accidentally drops a guitar and some sheet music for the song "Turkey in the Straw" which are eaten by a goat. The two mice use the goat's body as a phonograph which they play by turning the animal's tail like a crank. Mickey uses various objects on the boat as percussion accompaniment and "plays" the animals like musical instruments.
Finally Captain Pete appears and puts Mickey to work peeling potatoes. In the potato bin, the same parrot from before appears in the port hole and mocks Mickey again. The mouse throws a partially peeled potato at him, knocking him into the river below. The film ends with Mickey laughing at the sound of the bird struggling in the water.
Background.
According to Roy O. Disney, Walt Disney was inspired to create a sound cartoon after watching "The Jazz Singer" (1927). Disney had intended for Mickey Mouse to be the new star character to replace Oswald the Lucky Rabbit after he lost the rights to the character to Charles Mintz. However the first two "Mickey Mouse" films produced, silent versions of "Plane Crazy" and "The Gallopin' Gaucho", had failed to impress audiences and gain a distributor. Disney believed that adding sound to a cartoon would greatly increase its appeal.
"Steamboat Willie" was not the first cartoon with synchronized sound. Dave and Max Fleischer's Inkwell Studios had earlier produced seven sound cartoons, part of the "Song Car-Tunes" which started in May 1924. However the "Song Car-Tunes" failed to keep the sound fully synchronized, while "Steamboat Willie" was produced using a click track to keep his musicians on the beat. As little as one month before "Steamboat Willie" was released, Paul Terry released "Dinner Time" which also used a soundtrack, but "Dinner Time" was not a financial success.
In June 1927, producer Pat Powers made an unsuccessful takeover bid for Lee DeForest's Phonofilm Corporation. In the aftermath, Powers hired a former DeForest technician, William Garrity, to produce a cloned version of the Phonofilm system, which Powers dubbed "Powers Cinephone". By then, DeForest was in too weak a financial position to mount a legal challenge against Powers for patent infringement. Powers convinced Disney to use Cinephone for "Steamboat Willie" before Powers and Disney had a falling-out over money, and over Powers hiring away Disney animator Ub Iwerks in 1930.
Production.
The production of "Steamboat Willie" took place between July and September 1928 with an estimated budget of $4,986. There was initially some doubt among the animators that a sound cartoon would appear believable enough, so before a soundtrack was produced, Disney arranged for a screening of the film to a test audience with live sound to accompany it. This screening took place on July 29 with "Steamboat Willie" only partly finished. The audience sat in a room adjoining Walt's office. Roy placed the movie projector outdoors and the film was projected through a window so that the sound of the projector would not interfere with the live sound. Ub Iwerks set up a bed sheet behind the movie screen behind which he placed a microphone connected to speakers where the audience would sit. The live sound was produced from behind the bed sheet. Wilfred Jackson played the music on a mouth organ, Ub Iwerks banged on pots and pans for the percussion segment, Johnny Cannon provided sound effects with various devices including slide whistles and spittoons for bells. Walt himself provided what little dialogue there was to the film, mostly grunts, laughs, and squawks. After several practices, they were ready for the audience which consisted of Disney employees and their wives.
The response of the audience was extremely positive, and it gave Walt the confidence to move forward and complete the film. He said later in recalling this first viewing, "The effect on our little audience was nothing less than electric. They responded almost instinctively to this union of sound and motion. I thought they were kidding me. So they put me in the audience and ran the action again. It was terrible, but it was wonderful! And it was something new!" Iwerks said, "I've never been so thrilled in my life. Nothing since has ever equaled it."
Walt traveled to New York City to hire a company to produce the sound system. He eventually settled on Pat Powers's Cinephone system, created by Powers using an updated version of Lee De Forest's Phonofilm system without giving De Forest any credit, a decision he would later regret.
The music in the final soundtrack was performed by the Green Brothers Novelty Band and was conducted by Carl Edouarde. The brothers Joe and Lew Green from the band also assisted in timing the music to the film. The first attempt to synchronize the recording with the film was a disaster. Disney had to sell his Moon roadster in order to finance a second recording. This was a success with the addition of a filmed bouncing ball to keep the tempo.
Release and reception.
"Steamboat Willie" premiered at Universal's Colony Theater in New York City on November 18, 1928. The film was distributed by Celebrity Productions and its initial run lasted two weeks. Disney was paid $500 a week which was considered a large amount at the time. It played ahead of the independent feature film "Gang War". "Steamboat Willie" was an immediate hit while "Gang War" is all but forgotten today.
The success of "Steamboat Willie" not only led to international fame for Walt Disney, but for Mickey as well. On November 21, "Variety" magazine published a review which read in part "Not the first animated cartoon to be synchronized with sound effects, but the first to attract favorable attention. ["Steamboat Willie"] represents a high order of cartoon ingenuity, cleverly combined with sound effects. The union brought laughs galore. Giggles came so fast at the Colony they were stumbling over each other."
The response led to the two previous "Mickey" films to be reproduced as sound cartoons and given wide theatrical releases.
Copyright status.
The film has been the center of a variety of controversies regarding copyright. The copyright of the film has been repeatedly extended by acts of the United States Congress. However, recent evidence suggests that the film may be in the public domain due to technicalities related to the original copyright notice.
The film has been the center of some attention regarding the 1998 Copyright Term Extension Act passed in the United States. "Steamboat Willie" has been close to entering the public domain in the U.S. several times. Each time, copyright protection has been extended. It could have entered public domain in 4 different years; first in 1956, renewed to 1984, then to 2003 by the Copyright Act of 1976, and finally to the current public domain date of 2023 by the Copyright Term Extension Act (also known pejoratively as the "Mickey Mouse Protection Act") of 1998. The U.S. copyright on "Steamboat Willie" will be in effect through 2023 unless there is another extension of the law.
It has been claimed that these extensions were a response by the Congress to extensive lobbying by The Walt Disney Company.
In the 1990s, former Disney researcher Gregory S. Brown determined that the film was likely in U.S. public domain already due to errors in the original copyright formulation. In particular, the original film's copyright notice had two additional names between Disney and the copyright statement. Thus, under the rules of the Copyright Act of 1909, all copyright claims would be null. Arizona State University professor Dennis Karjala suggested that one of his law school students look into Brown's claim as a class project. Lauren Vanpelt took up the challenge and produced a paper agreeing with Brown's claim. She posted her project on the Web in 1999. Disney later threatened to sue a Georgetown University law student who wrote a paper confirming Brown's claims.
In other media.
"Steamboat Willie" themed levels are featured in the video games ' (1994), "Kingdom Hearts II" (2005), and "Epic Mickey" (2010). Further more, in ' (2012), a "Steamboat Willie" outfit can be obtained for Mickey. 
The fourth season episode of "The Simpsons", "" features a short but nearly frame-for-frame parody of the opening scene of Steamboat Willie.
In the 1998 film "Saving Private Ryan", set in 1944, a German POW tries to win the sympathy of his American captors by mentioning "Steamboat Willie", even mimicking the sound of the boat whistle from the film. The unnamed character appears in the credits as "Steamboat Willie".
In the 2000 Mickey Mouse cartoon April Fools' Day, Mickey and Mortimer get sent to the President's office to claim a million dollars. But Mortimer pretends to be Mickey and he is shown acting in Steamboat Willie.
In the 1999 Goofy Cartoon How to be a Waiter, Goofy is shown an example of a movie, and Steamboat Willie is shown. But in that short it was a shortened version and it said Steamboat Goofy.
The opening scene was parodied towards the end of "Aladdin and the King of Thieves". Genie, having been swallowed by the giant turtle which carried the Vanishing Isle upon its back, came back out of the turtle's mouth in the steamboat from this film and was even in Mickey's form, whistling "Turkey in the Straw".
In a 2008 movie of the TV series "Futurama" called "The Beast With A Billion Backs" the opening is a parody of "Steamboat Willie".
The beginning of series 2 of the TV series "Alexei Sayle%27s Stuff" (1989) shows a black and white animation entitled "Steamboat Fatty", a parody of "Steamboat Willie".
In the anime, one of the episodes "Steamboat Willies!", is a play on the title. 
Since the release of "Meet the Robinsons" (2007), the scene of Mickey at the wheel of the steamboat whistling "Steamboat Bill" has been used for Walt Disney Animation Studios' production logo. A modification was used for "Tangled" to mark that film as the 50th milestone in their main films, the text saying "50TH ANIMATED MOTION PICTURE" with the Mickey scene in the "0". An 8-bit version of the logo was used for "Wreck-It Ralph".
This cartoon was featured in "Disney's Magical Mirror Starring Mickey Mouse".
Honors.
"Steamboat Willie" was inducted to the National Film Registry in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18944001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944001" title="Ihor Sikorskyi">
Ihor Sikorskyi

Ihor Sikorskyi (born 29 July 1988, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for Zorya in the Ukrainian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="18944015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944015" title="Arab, Azerbaijan">
Arab, Azerbaijan

Arab, Afghanistan or Ərəb may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18944019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944019" title="Máel Mocheirge mac Indrechtaig">
Máel Mocheirge mac Indrechtaig

Máel Mocheirge mac Indrechtaig (died 896) was a Dál Fiatach king of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland. He belonged to a branch of the Dal Fiatach called the Leth Cathail centered in the Lecale barony of modern County Down and was the brother of Cathalán mac Indrechtaig (died 871), a previous king. He ruled from 893 to 896 as leth-rí (half-king or co-ruler) of Ulaid.
He ruled jointly with Muiredach mac Eochocáin (died 895) of the main Dal Fiatach branch. Muiredach was killed in 895 by Aitíth mac Laigni (died 898) of the Uí Echach Cobo. Máel Mocheirge, himself, was killed by his own associates the next year. 
He had a son named Cummascach but no member of the Leth Cathail branch held the kingship of Ulaid after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18944028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944028" title="Nintendo Entertainment System">
Nintendo Entertainment System

The Nintendo Entertainment System (also abbreviated as NES) is an 8-bit video game console that was developed and manufactured by Nintendo. It was initially released in Japan as the (also known as the and abbreviated as FC) on July 15, 1983, and was later released in North America during 1985, in Europe during 1986, and Australia in 1987. In South Korea, it was known as the Hyundai Comboy (현대 컴보이) and was distributed by SK Hynix which then was known as Hyundai Electronics. It was succeeded by the Super Famicom/Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
The best-selling gaming console of its time, the NES helped revitalize the US video game industry following the video game crash of 1983. With the NES, Nintendo introduced a now-standard business model of licensing third-party developers, authorizing them to produce and distribute titles for Nintendo's platform.
In 2009, the Nintendo Entertainment System was named the single greatest video game console in history by IGN, out of a field of 25. 2010 marked the system's 25th anniversary in North America, which was officially celebrated by Nintendo of America's magazine "Nintendo Power" in November 2010's issue #260 with a special 26-page tribute section. Other video game publications also featured articles looking back at 25 years of the NES, and its impact in the video game console market.
History.
Development.
Following a series of arcade game successes in the early 1980s, Nintendo made plans to create a cartridge-based console called the Famicom. Masayuki Uemura designed the system. Original plans called for an advanced 16-bit system which would function as a full-fledged computer with a keyboard and floppy disk drive, but Nintendo president Hiroshi Yamauchi rejected this and instead decided to go for a cheaper, more conventional cartridge-based game console as he felt that features such as keyboards and disks were intimidating to non-technophiles. A test model was constructed in October 1982 to verify the functionality of the hardware, after which work began on programming tools. Because 65xx CPUs had not been manufactured or sold in Japan up to that time, no cross-development software was available and it had to be produced from scratch. Early Famicom games were written on a system that ran on an NEC PC-8001 computer and LEDs on a grid were used with a digitizer to design graphics as no software design tools for this purpose existed at that time.
The code name for the project was "GameCom", but Masayuki Uemura's wife proposed the name "Famicom", arguing that "In Japan, 'pasokon' is used to mean a personal computer, but it is neither a home or personal computer. Perhaps we could say it is a family computer." Meanwhile, Hiroshi Yamauchi decided that the console should use a red and white theme after seeing a billboard for DX Antenna which used those colors.
Original plans called for the Famicom's cartridges to be the size of a cassette tape, but ultimately they ended up being twice as big. Careful design attention was paid to the cartridge connectors since loose and faulty connections often plagued arcade machines. As it necessitated taking 60 connection lines for the memory and expansion, Nintendo decided to produce their own connectors in-house rather than use ones from an outside supplier.
The game pad controllers were more-or-less copied directly from the Game & Watch machines, although the Famicom design team originally wanted to use arcade-style joysticks, even taking apart ones from American game consoles to see how they worked. However, it was eventually decided that children might step on joysticks left on the floor and their durability was also questioned. Katsuyah Nakawaka attached a Game & Watch D-pad to the Famicom prototype and found that it was easy to use and had no discomfort. Ultimately though, they did install a 15-pin expansion port on the front of the console so that an arcade-style joystick could be used optionally. The controllers were hard-wired to the console with no connectors for cost reasons.
Uemura added an eject lever to the cartridge slot which was not really necessary, but he felt that children could be entertained by pressing it. He also added a microphone to the second controller with the idea that it could be used to make players' voices sound through the TV speaker.
Release.
The console was thus released on July 15, 1983 as the Famicom (lit. Family Computer) for ¥14,800 alongside three ports of Nintendo's successful arcade games "Donkey Kong", "Donkey Kong Jr." and "Popeye". The Famicom was slow to gather momentum; a bad chip set caused the initial release of the system to crash. Following a product recall and a reissue with a new motherboard, the Famicom’s popularity soared, becoming the best-selling game console in Japan by the end of 1984.
Encouraged by these successes, Nintendo soon turned its attention to the North American market. Nintendo entered into negotiations with Atari to release the Famicom under Atari’s name as the name "Nintendo Advanced Video Gaming System". The deal was set to be finalized and signed at the Summer Consumer Electronics Show in June 1983. However, Atari discovered at that show that its competitor Coleco was illegally demonstrating its Coleco Adam computer with Nintendo's "Donkey Kong" game. This violation of Atari's exclusive license with Nintendo to publish the game for its own computer systems delayed the implementation of Nintendo's game console marketing contract with Atari. Atari's CEO Ray Kassar was fired the next month, so the deal went nowhere, and Nintendo decided to market its system on its own.
Subsequent plans to market a Famicom console in North America featuring a keyboard, cassette data recorder, wireless joystick controller and a special BASIC cartridge under the name "Nintendo Advanced Video System" likewise never materialized. By the beginning of 1985, the Famicom had sold more than 2.5 million units in Japan and Nintendo soon announced plans to release it in North America as the Advanced Video Entertainment System (AVS) that same year. The American video game press was skeptical that the console could have any success in the region, with the March 1985 issue of "Electronic Games" magazine stating that "the videogame market in America has virtually disappeared" and that "this could be a miscalculation on Nintendo's part."
At June 1985's Consumer Electronics Show (CES), Nintendo unveiled the American version of its Famicom. This is the system which would eventually be officially deployed as the Nintendo Entertainment System, or the colloquial "NES". Nintendo seeded these first systems to limited American test markets starting in New York City on , following up with a full-fledged North American release of the console in February of the following year. Nintendo released 18 launch titles: "10-Yard Fight", "Baseball", "Clu Clu Land", "Duck Hunt", "Donkey Kong Jr. Math", "Excitebike", "Golf", "Gyromite", "Hogan’s Alley", "Ice Climber", "Kung Fu", "Mach Rider", "Pinball", "Stack-Up", "Tennis", "Wild Gunman", "Wrecking Crew", and "Super Mario Bros.". Some varieties of these launch games contained Famicom chips with an adapter inside the cartridge so they would play on North American consoles, which is why the title screen of "Gyromite" has the Famicom title "Robot Gyro" and the title screen of "Stack-Up" has the Famicom title "Robot Block".
The system was originally targeted for release in the spring of 1985, but the release date was pushed back. After test-marketing in the New York City area in late fall, retailers had reportedly stated the system "failed miserably". Nintendo tried a second time, the system was test-marketed further beginning in February 1986, with the nationwide release occurring in September 1986.
The system's launch represented not only a new product, but also a reframing of the severely damaged home video game market segment as a whole. The video game market crash of 1983 had occurred in significant part due to a lack of consumer and retailer confidence in video games, which had in turn been due partially to confusion and misrepresentation in the marketing of video games. Prior to the NES, the packaging of many video games presented bombastic artwork which exaggerated the graphics of the actual game. In terms of product identity, a single game such as Pac-Man would appear in many versions on many different game consoles and computers, with large variations in graphics, sound, and general quality between the versions. By stark contrast, Nintendo's marketing strategy aimed to regain consumer and retailer confidence, by delivering a singular platform whose technology was not in need of heavy exaggeration and whose qualities were clearly defined.
To differentiate Nintendo's new home platform from the early 1980s' common perception of a beleaguered and frivolous video game market, the company freshened its product nomenclature and positioning, and it established a rigorous product approval and licensing policy. The overall system was referred to as an "Entertainment System" instead of a "video game system", which was centered upon a machine called a "Control Deck" instead of a "console", and which featured software cartridges called "Game Paks" instead of "video games". The 10NES lockout chip system acted as a lock-and-key coupling of each Game Pak and Control Deck, deterring the copying or production of NES games which had not first achieved Nintendo's licensed approval. The packaging of the launch lineup of NES games bore pictures of a very close representation of the actual onscreen graphics of the game, which were of sufficiently recognizable quality on their own. Symbols on the launch games' packaging clearly indicated the genre of the game, in order to reduce consumer confusion. A 'seal of quality' was printed on all appropriately licensed game and accessory packaging. The initial seal stated, "This seal is your assurance that Nintendo has approved and guaranteed the quality of this product". This text was later changed to "Official Nintendo Seal of Quality".
Unlike with the Famicom, Nintendo of America marketed the console primarily to children, instituting a rather strict policy of censoring profanity, sexual, religious, or political content in games. The most famous case of this was Lucasfilm's attempts to port Maniac Mansion (a game with a considerable amount of unacceptable material) to the NES. NOA continued their censorship policy until 1994 with the advent of the Entertainment Software Rating Board system.
The optional Robotic Operating Buddy, or R.O.B., was part of a marketing plan to portray the NES's technology as being novel and sophisticated when compared to previous game consoles, and to portray its position as being within reach of the better established toy market. While at first, the American public exhibited limited excitement for the console itself, peripherals such as the light gun and R.O.B. also attracted extensive attention.
In Europe and Australia, the system was released to two separate marketing regions. One region consisted of most of mainland Europe (excluding Italy), and distribution there was handled by a number of different companies, with Nintendo responsible for most cartridge releases. Most of this region saw a 1986 release. Mattel handled distribution for the other region, consisting of the United Kingdom, Canada, Italy, Australia and New Zealand, starting the following year. Not until the 1990s did Nintendo's newly created European branch direct distribution throughout Europe.
For its complete North American release, the Nintendo Entertainment System was progressively released over the ensuing years in four different bundles: the Deluxe Set, the Control Deck, the Action Set and the Power Set. The Deluxe Set, retailing at , included R.O.B., a light gun called the "NES Zapper", two controllers, and two Game Paks: Gyromite, and Duck Hunt. The Basic Set, retailing at with no game, and bundled with "Super Mario Bros." The Action Set, retailing in for , came with the Control Deck, two game controllers, an "NES Zapper", and a dual Game Pak containing both "Super Mario Bros." and "Duck Hunt". In , the Power Set included the console, two game controllers, a "NES Zapper", a "Power Pad", and a triple Game Pak containing "Super Mario Bros", "Duck Hunt", and "World Class Track Meet".
In , a Sports Set bundle was released, including the console, an NES Satellite infrared wireless multitap adapter, four game controllers, and a dual Game Pak containing "Super Spike V'Ball" and "Nintendo World Cup".
Two more bundle packages were later released using the original model NES console. The Challenge Set of included the console, two controllers, and a "Super Mario Bros. 3" Game Pak for a retail price of . The Basic Set, first released in , was repackaged for a retail . It included only the console and two controllers, and no longer was bundled with a cartridge. Instead, it contained a book called the "Official Nintendo Player's Guide", which contained detailed information for every NES game made up to that point.
Finally, the console was redesigned for both the North American and Japanese markets as part of the final Nintendo-released bundle package. The package included the new style NES-101 console, and one redesigned "dogbone" game controller. Released in October 1993 in North America, this final bundle retailed for and remained in production until the discontinuation of the NES in 1995.
Reception.
By 1988 industry observers stated that the NES's popularity had grown so quickly that the market for Nintendo cartridges was larger than that for all home computer software. "Compute!" reported in 1989 that Nintendo had sold seven million NES systems in 1988, almost as many as the number of Commodore 64s sold in its first five years. "Computer game makers scared stiff", the magazine said, stating that Nintendo's popularity caused most to have poor sales during the previous Christmas and resulting in serious financial problems for some. By 1990 30% of American households owned the NES, compared to 23% for all personal computers.
Despite the system’s lackluster performance outside of Japan and North America, by 1990 the NES had outsold all previously released consoles worldwide. The slogan for this brand was "It can't be beaten". The Nintendo Entertainment System was not available in the Soviet Union.
As the 1990s dawned, however, renewed competition from technologically superior systems such as the 16-bit Sega Mega Drive/Genesis marked the end of the NES’s dominance. Eclipsed by Nintendo's own Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES), the NES’s user base gradually waned. However, even as developers ceased production for the NES, a number of high-profile video game franchises and series that started on the NES were transitioned to newer consoles and remain popular to this day. The last game released in Japan was "Takahashi Meijin no Bōken Jima IV (Adventure Island IV)", while in North America, "Wario's Woods" was the last licensed game; unlicensed games are still being produced to this day. In the wake of ever decreasing sales and the lack of new software titles, Nintendo of America officially discontinued the NES by 1995. Despite this, Nintendo of Japan kept producing new Nintendo Famicom units until September 2003, and continued to repair Famicom consoles until October 31, 2007, attributing the decision to discontinue support because of insufficient supplies of parts.
Legacy.
The NES was released after the "video game crash" of the early '80s, whereupon many retailers and adults had regarded electronic games as being merely a passing fad, and many believed at first that the NES was another fad. Before the NES/Famicom, Nintendo was known as a moderately successful Japanese toy and playing card manufacturer, and the popularity of the NES/Famicom helped the company grow into an internationally recognized name almost synonymous with video games and set the stage for Japanese dominance of the video game industry. With the NES, Nintendo also changed the relationship of console manufacturers and third-party software developers by restricting developers from publishing and distributing software without licensed approval. This led to higher quality software titles, which helped to change the attitude of a public that had grown weary from poorly produced titles for other game systems of the day.
The NES hardware was also very influential. Nintendo chose the name "Nintendo Entertainment System" for the US market and redesigned the system so it would give the appearance of a child's toy. The front-loading cartridge input allowed it to be used more easily in a TV stand with other entertainment devices, such as a video cassette player.
There were many prominent game franchises that originated on the NES. The system's hardware limitations led to game design similarities that still influence video game design and culture. Some of the more important franchises that debuted on the NES were Nintendo's own "Super Mario Bros.", "The Legend of Zelda" and "Metroid", Capcom's "Mega Man" franchise, Konami's "Castlevania" franchise, Square's "Final Fantasy" and Enix's "Dragon Quest" franchises. All of these still exist today.
NES imagery, especially its controller, has become a popular motif for a variety of products, including Nintendo's own Game Boy Advance. Clothing, accessories, and food items adorned with NES-themed imagery are still produced and sold in stores. Such items include hats, shirts, underwear, wallets, wrist-bands, belt buckles, tins containing mint candy, and energy drinks.
Games.
The Nintendo Entertainment System offered a number of groundbreaking titles. "Super Mario Bros." pioneered side-scrollers while "The Legend of Zelda" helped popularize battery-backed save functionality.
Game Pak.
The NES used a 72 pin design, as compared with 60 pins on the Famicom. Some early games released in North America were simply Famicom cartridges attached to an adapter to allow them to fit inside the NES hardware. Nintendo did this to reduce costs and inventory by using the same cartridge boards in North America and Japan. Originally, NES cartridges were held together with 5 small, slotted screws. Later games (post-1987) were redesigned slightly to incorporate two plastic clips molded into the plastic itself, eliminating the need for the top two screws.
The back of the cartridge bears a label with instructions on handling. Production and software revision codes were imprinted as stamps on the back label to correspond with the software version and producer. With the exception of "The Legend of Zelda" and ', which were available in gold-plastic carts, all licensed NTSC and PAL cartridges were a standard shade of gray plastic. Unlicensed carts were produced in black, robin egg blue, and gold and were all slightly different shape and style than a standard NES cart. Nintendo also produced yellow-plastic carts for internal use at Nintendo Service Centers, although these "test carts" were never made available for purchase by consumers. All licensed US cartridges were made by Nintendo except Konami and Acclaim. For promotion of ', Capcom sent 150, limited edition, gold NES cartridges with the original game, featuring the "Remastered" art as the sticker, to different gaming news agencies. As well, the instruction label on the back included the opening lyric from the show's theme song, "Life is like a hurricane".
Japanese (Famicom) cartridges are shaped slightly differently. While the NES used a 72-pin interface, the Famicom system used a 60-pin design. Unlike NES games, official Famicom cartridges were produced in many colors of plastic. Adapters, similar in design to the popular accessory Game Genie, are available that allow Famicom games to be played on an NES. In Japan, several companies manufactured the cartridges for the Famicom. This allowed these companies to develop their own customized chips designed for specific purposes, such as chips that increased the quality of sound in their games.
Third-party licensing.
Nintendo's near monopoly on the home video game market left it with a degree of influence over the industry. Unlike Atari, which never actively courted third-party developers (and even went to court in an attempt to force Activision to cease production of Atari 2600 games), Nintendo had anticipated and encouraged the involvement of third-party software developers; strictly, however, on Nintendo's terms. Some of the Nintendo platform-control measures were adopted by later console manufacturers such as Sega, Sony, and Microsoft, although not as stringent.
To this end, a 10NES authentication chip was placed in every console and another was placed in every officially licensed cartridge. If the console's chip could not detect a counterpart chip inside the cartridge, the game would not load. Nintendo portrayed these measures as intended to protect the public against poor-quality games, and placed a golden seal of approval on all licensed games released for the system.
Nintendo was not as restrictive as Sega, which did not permit third-party publishing until Mediagenic in late summer 1988. Nintendo's intention, however, was to reserve a large part of NES game revenue for itself. Nintendo required that they be the sole manufacturer of all cartridges, and that the publisher had to pay in full before the cartridges for that game be produced. Cartridges could not be returned to Nintendo, so publishers assumed all the risk. As a result, some publishers lost more money due to distress sales of remaining inventory at the end of the NES era than they ever earned in profits from sales of the games. Because Nintendo controlled the production of all cartridges, it was able to enforce strict rules on its third-party developers, which were required to sign a contract by Nintendo that would obligate these parties to develop exclusively for the system, order at least 10,000 cartridges, and only make five games per year. A 1988 shortage of DRAM and ROM chips also reportedly caused Nintendo to only permit 25% of publishers' requests for cartridges. This was an average figure, with some publishers receiving much higher amounts and others almost none. GameSpy noted that Nintendo "iron-clad terms" made the company many enemies during the 1980s. Some developers tried to get around the five game limit by creating additional company brands like Konami's Ultra Games label; others tried going around the 10NES chip (see below).
Nintendo was accused of antitrust behavior because of the strict licensing requirements. The United States Department of Justice and several states began probing Nintendo's business practices, leading to the involvement of Congress and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). The FTC conducted an extensive investigation which included interviewing hundreds of retailers. During the FTC probe, Nintendo changed the terms of its publisher licensing agreements to eliminate the two-year rule and other restrictive terms. Nintendo and the FTC settled the case in April 1991, with Nintendo required to send vouchers giving a $5 discount off to a new game, to every person that had purchased a NES title between June 1988 and December 1990. GameSpy remarked that Nintendo's punishment was particularly weak giving the case's findings, although it has been speculated that the FTC did not want to damage the video game industry in the United States.
In the longer run, however, with the NES near its end of its life many third-party publishers such as Electronic Arts supported upstart competing consoles with less onerous licensing terms such as the Sega Genesis and then the PlayStation, which eroded and then took over Nintendo's dominance in the home console market, respectively. Indeed consoles from Nintendo's rivals in the post-SNES era had always enjoyed much stronger third-party support than Nintendo which relied more heavily on first-party games.
Unlicensed games.
Several companies, refusing to pay the licensing fee or having been rejected by Nintendo, found ways to circumvent the console's authentication system. Most of these companies created circuits that used a voltage spike to temporarily disable the 10NES chip in the NES. A few unlicensed games released in Europe and Australia came in the form of a dongle that would be connected to a licensed game, in order to use the licensed game's 10NES chip for authentication. In order to combat unlicensed games, Nintendo of America threatened retailers who sold them with losing their supply of licensed titles. In addition, multiple revisions were made to the NES PCBs to prevent these games from working.
Atari Games created a line of NES products under the name Tengen and took a different approach. The company attempted to reverse engineer the lockout chip to develop its own "Rabbit" chip. However, Tengen also obtained a description of the lockout chip from the United States Patent and Trademark Office by falsely claiming that it was required to defend against present infringement claims in a legal case. Nintendo sued Tengen for copyright infringement, which Tengen lost as it could not prove that the legally obtained patent documents had not been used by the reverse engineering team. Tengen's antitrust claims against Nintendo were never finally decided.
Color Dreams produced Christian video games under the subsidiary name Wisdom Tree. They were never sued by Nintendo as the company probably feared a public relations backlash.
Emulation.
The NES can be emulated on many other systems, most notably the PC. One of the earliest emulators was NESticle offered its initial release as NESticle v0.2 on April 3, 1997. There have since been many other emulators. The Virtual Console for the Wii, Nintendo 3DS and Wii U also offers emulation of many NES games.
Game Rentals.
As the Nintendo Entertainment System grew in popularity and entered millions of American homes, some small video rental shops began buying their own copies of Nintendo games, and renting them out to customers for around the same price as a video cassette rental for a few days. Nintendo received no profit from the practice beyond the initial cost of their game, and unlike movie rentals, a newly released game could hit store shelves and be available for rent on the same day. Nintendo took steps to stop game rentals, but didn't take any formal legal action until Blockbuster Video began to make game rentals a large-scale service. Nintendo claimed that allowing customers to rent games would significantly hurt sales and drive up the cost of games. Nintendo lost the lawsuit, but did win on a claim of copyright infringement. Blockbuster was banned from including original, copyrighted instruction booklets with their rented games. In compliance with the ruling, Blockbuster produced their own short instructions—usually in the form of a small booklet, card, or label stuck on the back of the rental box—that explained the game's basic premise and controls. Video rental shops continued the practice of renting video games and still do today.
There were some risks with renting cartridge-based games, however. Most rental shops did not clean the connectors and they would become dirty over time. Renting and using a cartridge with dirty connectors posed a problem for consoles, especially the Nintendo Entertainment System which was particularly susceptible to operation problems and failures when its internal connectors became dirty (see the "Design flaws" section below).
Hardware.
Configurations.
Although the Japanese Famicom, North American and European NES versions included essentially the same hardware, there were certain key differences among the systems.
The original Japanese Famicom was predominantly white plastic, with dark red trim. It featured a top-loading cartridge slot and grooves on both sides of the deck in which the hardwired game controllers could be placed when not in use. The Famicom featured a top-loading cartridge slot, a 15-pin expansion port located on the unit’s front panel for accessories (as the controllers were hard-wired to the back of the console) and a red and white color scheme.
The original NES, meanwhile, featured a front-loading cartridge covered by a small, hinged door that can be opened to insert or remove a cartridge and closed at other times. It features a more subdued gray, black and red color scheme. An expansion port was found on the bottom of the unit and the cartridge connector pinout was changed.
In the UK, Italy and Australia which share the PAL A region, two versions of the NES were released; the "Mattel Version" and "NES Version". When the NES was first released in those countries, it was distributed by Mattel and Nintendo decided to use a lockout chip specific to those countries, different from the chip used in other European countries. When Nintendo took over European distribution in 1990, they produced consoles that were then labelled "NES Version"; therefore, the only differences between the two are the text on the front flap and texture on the top/bottom of the casing.
The NES-101 model of the Nintendo Entertainment System, known informally as the "top-loader", uses the same basic color scheme, although there are several subtle differences. Like the original Family Computer, it uses a top-loading cartridge slot. The NES-101 model was redesigned after the (also top loading) SNES and indeed they share many of the same design cues.
Design flaws.
When Nintendo released the NES in the US, the design styling was deliberately different from that of other game consoles. Nintendo wanted to distinguish its product from those of competitors and to avoid the generally poor reputation that game consoles had acquired following the video game crash of 1983. One result of this philosophy was to disguise the cartridge slot design as a front-loading zero insertion force (ZIF) cartridge socket, designed to resemble the front-loading mechanism of a VCR. The newly designed connector worked quite well when both the connector and the cartridges were clean and the pins on the connector were new. Unfortunately, the "ZIF connector" was not truly zero insertion force. When a user inserted the cartridge into the NES, the force of pressing the cartridge down and into place bent the contact pins slightly, as well as pressing the cartridge’s ROM board back into the cartridge itself. Frequent insertion and removal of cartridges caused the pins to wear out from repeated usage over the years and the ZIF design proved more prone to interference by dirt and dust than an industry-standard card edge connector. These design issues were not alleviated by Nintendo’s choice of materials; the console slot nickel connector springs would wear due to design and the game cartridge copper connectors were also prone to tarnishing.
Lockout.
The Famicom contained no lockout hardware and, as a result, unlicensed cartridges (both legitimate and bootleg) were extremely common throughout Japan and the Far East. The original NES (but not the top-loading NES-101) contained the 10NES lockout chip, which significantly increased the challenges faced by unlicensed developers. Tinkerers at home in later years discovered that disassembling the NES and cutting the fourth pin of the lockout chip would change the chip’s mode of operation from "lock" to "key", removing all effects and greatly improving the console’s ability to play legal games, as well as bootlegs and converted imports. NES consoles sold in different regions had different lockout chips, so games marketed in one region would not work on consoles from another region. Known regions are: USA/Canada (3193 lockout chip), most of Europe (3195), Asia (3196) and UK, Italy and Australia (3197). Since two types of lockout chip were used in Europe, European NES game boxes often had an "A" or "B" letter on the front, indicating whether the game is compatible with UK/Italian/Australian consoles (A), or the rest of Europe (B). Rest-of-Europe games typically had text on the box stating "This game is not compatible with the Mattel or NES versions of the Nintendo Entertainment System". Similarly, UK/Italy/Australia games stated "This game is only compatible with the Mattel or NES versions of the Nintendo Entertainment System".
Pirate cartridges for the NES were rare, but Famicom ones were common and widespread in Asia. Most were produced in Hong Kong or Taiwan, and they usually featured a variety of small (32k or less) games which were selected from a menu and bank switched. Some were also hacks of existing games (especially Super Mario Bros.), and a few were cartridge conversions of Famicom Disk System titles such as the Japanese SMB2.
Problems with the 10NES lockout chip frequently resulted in the console's most infamous problem: the blinking red power light, in which the system appears to turn itself on and off repeatedly because the 10NES would reset the console once per second. The lockout chip required constant communication with the chip in the game to work. Dirty, aging and bent connectors would often disrupt the communication, resulting in the blink effect. Alternatively, the console would turn on but only show a solid white, gray, or green screen. Users attempted to solve this problem by blowing air onto the cartridge connectors, inserting the cartridge just far enough to get the ZIF to lower, licking the edge connector, slapping the side of the system after inserting a cartridge, shifting the cartridge from side to side after insertion, pushing the ZIF up and down repeatedly, holding the ZIF down lower than it should have been, cleaning the connectors with alcohol. These attempted solutions often became notable in their own right and are often remembered alongside the NES. Many of the most frequent attempts to fix this problem instead ran the risk of damaging the cartridge and/or system. In 1989, Nintendo released an official NES Cleaning Kit to help users clean malfunctioning cartridges and consoles.
With the release of the top-loading NES-101 (NES 2) toward the end of the NES's lifespan, Nintendo resolved the problems by switching to a standard card edge connector and eliminating the lockout chip. All of the Famicom systems used standard card edge connectors, as did Nintendo’s subsequent game consoles, the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and the Nintendo 64.
In response to these hardware flaws, "Nintendo Authorized Repair Centers" sprang up across the U.S. According to Nintendo, the authorization program was designed to ensure that the machines were properly repaired. Nintendo would ship the necessary replacement parts only to shops that had enrolled in the authorization program. In practice, the authorization process consisted of nothing more than paying a fee to Nintendo for the privilege. In a recent trend, many sites have sprung up to offer Nintendo repair parts, guides, and services that replace those formerly offered by the authorized repair centers.
The NES plastic also had a tendency to yellow over time.
Technical specifications.
For its central processing unit (CPU), the NES uses an 8-bit microprocessor produced by Ricoh based on a MOS Technology 6502 core.
The NES contains 2 KiB of onboard work RAM. A game cartridge may contain expanded RAM to increase this amount. The size of NES games varies from 8 KiB (Galaxian) to 1 MiB ("Metal Slader Glory"), but 128 to 384 KiB was the most common.
The NES uses a custom-made Picture Processing Unit (PPU) developed by Ricoh. All variations of the PPU feature 2 KiB of video RAM, 256 bytes of on-die "object attribute memory" (OAM) to store the positions, colors, and tile indices of up to 64 sprites on the screen, and 28 bytes of on-die palette RAM to allow selection of background and sprite colors. The console's 2 KiB of onboard RAM may be used for tile maps and attributes on the NES board and 8 KiB of tile pattern ROM or RAM may be included on a cartridge. The system has an available color palette of 48 colors and 6 grays. Up to 25 simultaneous colors may be used without writing new values mid-frame: a background color, four sets of three tile colors and four sets of three sprite colors. The NES palette is based on NTSC rather than RGB values. A total of 64 sprites may be displayed onscreen at a given time without reloading sprites mid-screen. The standard display resolution of the NES is 256 horizontal pixels by 240 vertical pixels.
Video output connections varied from one model of the console to the next. The original HVC-001 model of the Family Computer featured only radio frequency (RF) modulator output. When the console was released in North America and Europe, support for composite video through RCA connectors was added in addition to the RF modulator. The HVC-101 model of the Famicom dropped the RF modulator entirely and adopted composite video output via a proprietary 12-pin "multi-out" connector first introduced for the Super Famicom/Super Nintendo Entertainment System. Conversely, the North American re-released NES-101 model most closely resembled the original HVC-001 model Famicom, in that it featured RF modulator output only. Finally, the PlayChoice-10 utilized an inverted RGB video output.
The NES board supported a total of five sound channels.
Accessories.
Controllers.
The game controller used for both the NES and the Famicom featured an oblong brick-like design with a simple four button layout: two round buttons labeled "A" and "B", a "START" button and a "SELECT" button. Additionally, the controllers utilized the cross-shaped joypad, designed by Nintendo employee Gunpei Yokoi for Nintendo Game & Watch systems, to replace the bulkier joysticks on earlier gaming consoles’ controllers.
The original model Famicom featured two game controllers, both of which were hardwired to the back of the console. The second controller lacked the START and SELECT buttons, but featured a small microphone. Relatively few games made use of this feature. The earliest produced Famicom units initially had square A and B buttons. This was changed to the circular designs because of the square buttons being caught in the controller casing when pressed down and glitches within the hardware causing the system to freeze occasionally while playing a game.
The NES dropped the hardwired controllers, instead featuring two custom 7-pin ports on the front of the console. Also in contrast to the Famicom, the controllers included with the NES were identical to each other—the second controller lacked the microphone that was present on the Famicom model and possessed the same START and SELECT buttons as the primary controller. Some NES localizations of games, such as "The Legend of Zelda", which required the use of the Famicom microphone in order to kill certain enemies, suffered from a lack of a hardware to do so.
A number of special controllers designed for use with specific games were released for the system, though very few such devices proved particularly popular. Such devices included, but were not limited to, the Zapper (a light gun), the R.O.B., and the Power Pad. The original Famicom featured a deepened DA-15 expansion port on the front of the unit, which was used to connect most auxiliary devices. On the NES, these special controllers were generally connected to one of the two control ports on the front of the console.
Nintendo also made two turbo controllers for the NES called NES Advantage and the NES Max. Both controllers had a Turbo feature, a feature where one tap of the button represented multiple taps. This feature allowed players to shoot much faster during shooter games. The NES Advantage had two knobs that adjusted the firing rate of the turbo button from quick to Turbo, as well as a "Slow" button that slowed down the game by rapidly pausing the game. The "Slow" button did not work with games that had a pause menu or pause screen and can interfere with jumping and shooting. The NES Max also had the Turbo Feature, but it was not adjustable, in contrast with the Advantage. It also did not have the "Slow" button. Its wing-like shape made it easier to hold than the Advantage and it also improved on the joystick. Turbo features were also featured on the NES Satellite, the NES Four Score, and the U-Force. Other accessories include the Power Pad and the Power Glove, which was featured in the movie "The Wizard."
Near the end of the NES's lifespan, upon the release of the AV Famicom and the top-loading NES 2, the design of the game controllers was modified slightly. Though the original button layout was retained, the redesigned device abandoned the brick shell in favor of a dog bone shape. In addition, the AV Famicom joined its international counterpart and dropped the hardwired controllers in favor of detachable controller ports. However, the controllers included with the Famicom AV had cables which were 90 cm (3 feet) long, as opposed to the standard 180 cm(6 feet) of NES controllers.
In recent years, the original NES controller has become one of the most recognizable symbols of the console. Nintendo has mimicked the look of the controller in several recent products, from promotional merchandise to limited edition versions of the Game Boy Advance.
Japanese accessories.
A number of peripheral devices and software packages were released for the Famicom. Few of these devices were ever released outside of Japan.
Family BASIC is an implementation of BASIC for the Famicom that came with a keyboard. Similar in concept to the Atari 2600 BASIC cartridge, it allowed the user to program their own games, which could be saved on an included cassette recorder. Nintendo of America rejected releasing Famicom BASIC in the US because they did not think it fit their primary marketing demographic of children.
The "Famicom Modem" is a modem that allowed connection to a network which provided content such as financial services, but it was only available in Japan. A modem was, however, tested in the United States, by the Minnesota State Lottery. It would have allowed players to buy scratchcards and play the lottery with their NES. It was not released in the United States because some parents and legislators voiced concern that minors might learn to play the lottery illegally and anonymously, despite assurances from Nintendo to the contrary.
Famicom Disk System.
In 1986, Nintendo released the FDS in Japan, a type of floppy drive that used a single-sided, proprietary 5 cm (2") disk and plugged into the cartridge port. It contained RAM for the game to load into and an extra wavetable sound chip. The disks were obtained from vending machines in malls and other public places where buyers could select a title and have it written to the disk. Nintendo's idea was that this would cost less than cartridges and users could take the disk back to a vending booth and have it rewritten with a new game. The disks were used both for storing the game and saving progress and total capacity was 128k (64k per side).
A variety of games for the FDS were released by Nintendo (including some like SMB that had already been released on cartridge) and third party companies such as Konami and Taito. A few unlicensed titles were made as well. However, its limitations became quickly apparent as larger ROM chips were introduced, allowing cartridges with greater than 128k of space. More advanced memory mappers soon appeared and the FDS quickly became obsolete. Nintendo also charged developers considerable amounts of money to produce FDS games, and many refused to develop for it, instead continuing to make cartridge titles. The FDS disks also had no dust covers (except in some unlicensed and bootleg variants) and were easily prone to getting dirt on the media. In addition, the drive used a belt which broke frequently and required replacement. After only two years, the FDS was discontinued, although vending booths remained in place until 1993 and Nintendo continued to rewrite and offer replacement disks until 2003.
Nintendo of America initially planned to bring the FDS to the United States, but rejected the idea after considering the numerous problems encountered with them in Japan. Many FDS games such as Castlevania, Zelda, and Bubble Bobble were sold in the US as cartridge titles, with simplified sound and the disk save replaced by passwords or battery save systems.
Hardware clones.
A thriving market of unlicensed NES hardware clones emerged during the heyday of the console's popularity. Initially, such clones were popular in markets where Nintendo never issued a legitimate version of the console. In particular, the Dendy (), an unlicensed hardware clone produced in Taiwan and sold in the former Soviet Union, emerged as the most popular video game console of its time in that setting and it enjoyed a degree of fame roughly equivalent to that experienced by the NES/Famicom in North America and Japan. A Famicom clone was marketed in Argentina under the name of "Family Game", resembling the original hardware design. The Micro Genius (Simplified Chinese: 小天才) was marketed in Southeast Asia as an alternative to the Famicom; Samurai was the popular PAL alternative to the NES; and in Central Europe, especially Poland, the Pegasus was available. Samurai was also available in India in early 90s which was the first instance of console gaming in India.
The unlicensed clone market has flourished following Nintendo's discontinuation of the NES. Some of the more exotic of these resulting systems have gone beyond the functionality of the original hardware and have included variations such as a portable system with a color LCD (e.g. PocketFami). Others have been produced with certain specialized markets in mind, such as an NES clone that functions as a rather primitive personal computer, which includes a keyboard and basic word processing software. These unauthorized clones have been helped by the invention of the so-called NES-on-a-chip.
As was the case with unlicensed software titles, Nintendo has typically gone to the courts to prohibit the manufacture and sale of unlicensed cloned hardware. Many of the clone vendors have included built-in copies of licensed Nintendo software, which constitutes copyright infringement in most countries.
Although most hardware clones were not produced under license by Nintendo, certain companies were granted licenses to produce NES-compatible devices. The Sharp Corporation produced at least two such clones: the Twin Famicom and the SHARP 19SC111 television. The Twin Famicom was compatible with both Famicom cartridges and Famicom Disk System disks. It was available in two colors (red and black) and used hardwired controllers (as did the original Famicom), but it featured a different case design. The SHARP 19SC111 television was a television which included a built-in Famicom. A similar licensing deal was reached with Hyundai Electronics, who licensed the system under the name Comboy in the South Korean market. This deal with Hyundai was made necessary because of the South Korean government's wide ban on all Japanese "cultural products", which remained in effect until 1998 and ensured that the only way Japanese products could legally enter the South Korean market was through licensing to a third-party (non-Japanese) distributor (see also Japan–Korea disputes).
NES Test Station.
The NES Test Station was a diagnostics machine for the Nintendo Entertainment System introduced in 1988.
It was a NES-based unit designed for testing NES hardware, components and games. It was only provided for use in World of Nintendo boutiques as part of the Nintendo World Class Service program. Visitors were to bring items to test on the station, often with assistance from a technician or store employee.
The NES Test Station features a Game Pak slot and connectors for testing various components (AC adapter, RF switch, Audio/Video cable, NES Control Deck, accessories and games) at the front, with a knob selector in the center to select the component to test. The unit itself weighs approximately 11.7 pounds without the TV. It securely hooks up to the television through both AV Cables and RF Switch in one cable. The user can choose which output to use for gameplay by pressing the RF/AV for Audio/Video Cable connection, or leave it unpressed for RF Switch connection. The television it's hooked up to (normally 11 to 14 inches) is meant to be placed on top of it.
On the front edge are three colored button switches: an illuminated red Power switch, a blue Reset switch and a green switch for alternating between AV and RF connections when testing an NES Control Deck. This system can test:

</doc>
<doc id="18944032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944032" title="Samuel Cascade">
Samuel Cascade

Samuel Cascade is an 8 metre high waterfall found on private property, (private with permission to access), in Flamborough, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Nearby attractions include Bruce Trail, Hermitage ruins, Royal Botanical Gardens, Dundurn Castle, Crooks Hollow Conservation Area, Christie Lake Conservation Area, Weir's Falls, Steven’s Falls and nearby Betzner Falls.
Directions.
Inaccessible without permission from owner. Located on a tributary of the Spring Creek in West Flamborough.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18944074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944074" title="Tanjong Pagar Dock Company">
Tanjong Pagar Dock Company

The Tanjong Pagar Dock Company, (1864–1905), the forerunner of today's Port of Singapore Authority, was founded by Guthrie and Company and Tan Kim Ching. The company was expropriated by the Government in 1905 who replaced it with the Tanjong Pagar Dock Board.

</doc>
<doc id="18944081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944081" title="Library of Congress">
Library of Congress

The Library of Congress is the research library that officially serves the United States Congress, but which is the "de facto" national library of the United States. It is the oldest federal cultural institution in the United States. Cole argues that it is now the largest and most international library in the world. He attributes that to its highly influential leaders, especially Ainsworth Rand Spofford (1864–97), Herbert Putnam (1899–1939), Luther H. Evans (1945–53), and James H. Billington (1987–). Cole says they, "have affirmed and expanded Thomas Jefferson's concept that the Library of Congress is a national institution that should be universal in scope and widely and freely available to everyone." 
Located in four buildings in Washington, D.C., as well as the Packard Campus in Virginia, it is the second largest library in the world by shelf space and number of books, after The British Library.
The Library of Congress moved to Washington in 1800, after sitting for eleven years in the temporary national capitals of New York and Philadelphia. The small Congressional Library was housed in the United States Capitol for most of the 19th century until the early 1890s. Most of the original collection had been destroyed by the British in 1814 during the War of 1812. To restore the collection in 1815, former president Thomas Jefferson sold 6,487 books, his entire personal collection, to pay his debts,
After a period of slow growth another fire struck the Library in 1851, in its Capitol chambers, again destroying a large amount of the collection, including many of Jefferson's books. The Library of Congress then began to grow rapidly in both size and importance after the American Civil War and a campaign to purchase replacement copies for volumes that had been burned from other sources, collections and libraries (which had begun to speckle throughout the burgeoning U.S.A.). The Library received the right of transference of all copyrighted works to have two copies deposited of books, maps, illustrations and diagrams printed in the United States. It also began to build its collections of British (and European works and then of works published throughout the English-speaking world.
This development culminated in the construction during 1888-1894 of a separate, expansive library building across the street from The Capitol, in the "Beaux Arts" architecture style with fine decorations, murals, paintings, marble halls, columns and steps, carved hardwoods and a stained glass dome. It included several stories built underground of steel and cast iron stacks.
The Library's primary mission is researching inquiries made by members of Congress through the establishment of a "Congressional Research Service", established 1914. Although it is open to the public, only high-ranking government officials may check out books and materials. The Library promotes literacy and American literature through projects such as the American Folklife Center, American Memory, Center for the Book and Poet Laureate.
History.
Origins and Jefferson's contribution (1800–1851).
James Madison is credited with the idea for creating a congressional library, first making such a proposition in 1783. The Library of Congress was established on April 24, 1800, when President John Adams signed an Act of Congress providing for the transfer of the seat of government from Philadelphia to the new capital city of Washington. Part of the legislation appropriated $5,000 "for the purchase of such books as may be necessary for the use of Congress ..., and for fitting up a suitable apartment for containing them..." Books were ordered from London and the collection, consisting of 740 books and 3 maps, was housed in the new Capitol.
Thomas Jefferson played an important role in the Library's early formation, signing into law on January 26, 1802, the first law establishing the structure of the Library of Congress. The law established the presidentially appointed post of Librarian of Congress and a Joint Committee on the Library to regulate and oversee the Library, as well as giving the president and vice president the ability to borrow books. The Library of Congress was destroyed in August 1814, when invading British Regulars set fire to the Capitol building and the small collection of 3,000 volumes within.
Within a month, former President Jefferson offered his personal library as a replacement. Jefferson had spent 50 years accumulating a wide variety of books, including ones in foreign languages and volumes of philosophy, science, literature, architecture and other topics not normally viewed as part of a legislative library, such as cookbooks, writing that, "I do not know that it contains any branch of science which Congress would wish to exclude from their collection; there is, in fact, no subject to which a Member of Congress may not have occasion to refer." In January 1815, Congress accepted Jefferson's offer, appropriating $23,950 to purchase his 6,487 books.
Weakening (1851–1865).
The antebellum period was difficult for the Library. During the 1850s the Smithsonian Institution's librarian Charles Coffin Jewett aggressively tried to move that organization towards becoming the United States' national library. His efforts were blocked by the Smithsonian's Secretary Joseph Henry, who advocated a focus on scientific research and publication and favored the Library of Congress' development into the national library. Henry's dismissal of Jewett in July 1854 ended the Smithsonian's attempts to become the national library, and in 1866 Henry transferred the Smithsonian's forty thousand-volume library to the Library of Congress.
On December 24, 1851 the largest fire in the Library's history destroyed 35,000 books, about two–thirds of the Library's 55,000 book collection, including two–thirds of Jefferson's original transfer. Congress in 1852 quickly appropriated $168,700 to replace the lost books, but not for the acquisition of new materials. This marked the start of a conservative period in the Library's administration under Librarian John Silva Meehan and Joint Committee Chairman James A. Pearce, who worked to restrict the Library's activities. In 1857, Congress transferred the Library's public document distribution activities to the Department of the Interior and its international book exchange program to the Department of State. Abraham Lincoln's political appointment of John G. Stephenson as Librarian of Congress in 1861 further weakened the Library; Stephenson's focus was on non-library affairs, including service as a volunteer aide-de-camp at the battles of Chancellorsville and Gettysburg during the American Civil War. By the conclusion of the war, the Library of Congress had a staff of seven for a collection of 80,000 volumes. The centralization of copyright offices into the United States Patent Office in 1859 ended the Library's thirteen-year role as a depository of all copyrighted books and pamphlets.
Spofford's expansion (1865–1897).
A year before the Library's move to its new location, the Joint Library Committee held a session of hearings to assess the condition of the Library and plan for its future growth and possible reorganization. Spofford and six experts sent by the American Library Association, including future Librarian of Congress Herbert Putnam and Melvil Dewey of the New York State Library, testified before the committee that the Library should continue its expansion towards becoming a true national library. Based on the hearings and with the assistance of Senators Justin Morrill of Vermont and Daniel Voorhees of Indiana, Congress more than doubled the Library's staff from 42 to 108 and established new administrative units for all aspects of the Library's collection. Congress also strengthened the office of Librarian of Congress to govern the Library and make staff appointments, as well as requiring Senate approval for presidential appointees to the position.
Post-reorganization (1897–1939).
The Library of Congress, spurred by the 1897 reorganization, began to grow and develop more rapidly. Spofford's successor John Russell Young, though only in office for two years, overhauled the Library's bureaucracy, used his connections as a former diplomat to acquire more materials from around the world, and established the Library's first assistance programs for the blind and physically disabled. Young's successor Herbert Putnam held the office for forty years from 1899 to 1939, entering into the position two years before the Library became the first in the United States to hold one million volumes. Putnam focused his efforts on making the Library more accessible and useful for the public and for other libraries. He instituted the interlibrary loan service, transforming the Library of Congress into what he referred to as a "library of last resort". Putnam also expanded Library access to "scientific investigators and duly qualified individuals" and began publishing primary sources for the benefit of scholars.
Putnam's tenure also saw increasing diversity in the Library's acquisitions. In 1903, he persuaded President Theodore Roosevelt to transfer by executive order the papers of the Founding Fathers from the State Department to the Library of Congress. Putnam expanded foreign acquisitions as well, including the 1904 purchase of a four-thousand volume library of Indica, the 1906 purchase of G. V. Yudin's eighty-thousand volume Russian library, the 1908 Schatz collection of early opera librettos, and the early 1930s purchase of the Russian Imperial Collection, consisting of 2,600 volumes from the library of the Romanov family on a variety of topics. Collections of Hebraica and Chinese and Japanese works were also acquired. Congress even took the initiative to acquire materials for the Library in one occasion, when in 1929 Congressman Ross Collins of Mississippi successfully proposed the $1.5 million purchase of Otto Vollbehr's collection of incunabula, including one of three remaining perfect vellum copies of the Gutenberg Bible.
In 1914, Putnam established the Legislative Reference Service as a separative administrative unit of the Library. Based in the Progressive era's philosophy of science as a problem-solver, and modeled after successful research branches of state legislatures, the LRS would provide informed answers to Congressional research inquiries on almost any topic. In 1965 Congress passed an act allowing the Library of Congress to establish a trust fund board to accept donations and endowments, giving the Library a role as a patron of the arts. The Library received the donations and endowments of prominent individuals such as John D. Rockefeller, James B. Wilbur and Archer M. Huntington. Gertrude Clarke Whittall donated five Stradivarius violins to the Library and Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge's donations paid for a concert hall within the Library of Congress building and the establishment of an honorarium for the Music Division. A number of chairs and consultantships were established from the donations, the most well-known of which is the Poet Laureate Consultant.
The Library's expansion eventually filled the Library's Main Building, despite shelving expansions in 1910 and 1927, forcing the Library to expand into a new structure. Congress acquired nearby land in 1928 and approved construction of the Annex Building (later the John Adams Building) in 1930. Although delayed during the Depression years, it was completed in 1938 and opened to the public in 1939.
Modern history (1939–present).
When Putnam retired in 1939, President Franklin D. Roosevelt appointed Archibald MacLeish as his successor. Occupying the post from 1939 to 1944 during the height of World War II, MacLeish became the most visible Librarian of Congress in the Library's history. MacLeish encouraged librarians to oppose totalitarianism on behalf of democracy; dedicated the South Reading Room of the Adams Building to Thomas Jefferson, commissioning artist Ezra Winter to paint four themed murals for the room; and established a "democracy alcove" in the Main Reading Room of the Jefferson Building for important documents such as the Declaration, Constitution and Federalist Papers. Even the Library of Congress assisted during the war effort, ranging from the storage of the Declaration of Independence and the United States Constitution in Fort Knox for safekeeping to researching weather data on the Himalayas for Air Force pilots. MacLeish resigned in 1944 to become Assistant Secretary of State, and President Harry Truman appointed Luther H. Evans as Librarian of Congress. Evans, who served until 1953, expanded the Library's acquisitions, cataloging and bibliographic services as much as the fiscal-minded Congress would allow, but his primary achievement was the creation of Library of Congress Missions around the world. Missions played a variety of roles in the postwar world: the mission in San Francisco assisted participants in the meeting that established the United Nations, the mission in Europe acquired European publications for the Library of Congress and other American libraries, and the mission in Japan aided in the creation of the National Diet Library.
Evans' successor L. Quincy Mumford took over in 1953. Mumford's tenure, lasting until 1974, saw the initiation of the construction of the James Madison Memorial Building, the third Library of Congress building. Mumford directed the Library during a period of increased educational spending, the windfall of which allowed the Library to devote energies towards establishing new acquisition centers abroad, including in Cairo and New Delhi. In 1967 the Library began experimenting with book preservation techniques through a Preservation Office, which grew to become the largest library research and conservation effort in the United States. Mumford's administration also saw the last major public debate about the Library of Congress' role as both a legislative library and a national library. A 1962 memorandum by Douglas Bryant of the Harvard University Library, compiled at the request of Joint Library Committee chairman Claiborne Pell, proposed a number of institutional reforms, including expansion of national activities and services and various organizational changes, all of which would shift the Library more towards its national role over its legislative role. Bryant even suggested possibly changing the name of the Library of Congress, which was rebuked by Mumford as "unspeakable violence to tradition". Debate continued within the library community until the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1970 shifted the Library back towards its legislative roles, placing greater focus on research for Congress and congressional committees and renaming the Legislative Reference Service to the Congressional Research Service.
After Mumford retired in 1974, Gerald Ford appointed Daniel J. Boorstin as Librarian. Boorstin's first challenge was the move to the new Madison Building, which took place between 1980 and 1982. The move released pressures on staff and shelf space, allowing Boorstin to focus on other areas of Library administration such as acquisitions and collections. Taking advantage of steady budgetary growth, from $116 million in 1975 to over $250 million by 1987, Boorstin actively participated in enhancing ties with scholars, authors, publishers, cultural leaders, and the business community. His active and prolific role changed the post of Librarian of Congress so that by the time he retired in 1987, the "New York Times" called it "perhaps the leading intellectual public position in the nation." Ronald Reagan appointed James H. Billington as the thirteenth Librarian of Congress in 1987, a post he holds as of 2012. Billington took advantage of new technological advancements and the Internet to link the Library to educational institutions around the country in 1991. The end of the Cold War also enabled the Library to develop relationships with newly open Eastern European nations, helping them to establish parliamentary libraries of their own.
In the mid-1990s, under Billington's leadership, the Library of Congress began to pursue the development of what it called a "National Digital Library," part of an overall strategic direction that has been somewhat controversial within the library profession. In late November 2005, the Library announced intentions to launch the World Digital Library, digitally preserving books and other objects from all world cultures.
In April 2010, it announced plans to archive all public communication on Twitter, including all communication since Twitter's launch in March 2006. The Twitter archive is another example of the Library's commitment to collecting first-person accounts of history.
Holdings.
The collections of the Library of Congress include more than 32 million cataloged books and other print materials in 470 languages; more than 61 million manuscripts; the largest rare book collection in North America, including the rough draft of the Declaration of Independence, a Gutenberg Bible (one of only three perfect vellum copies known to exist); over 1 million US government publications; 1 million issues of world newspapers spanning the past three centuries; 33,000 bound newspaper volumes; 500,000 microfilm reels; over 6,000 titles in all, totaling more than 120,000 issues comic book titles; films; 5.3 million maps; 6 million works of sheet music; 3 million sound recordings; more than 14.7 million prints and photographic images including fine and popular art pieces and architectural drawings; the Betts Stradivarius; and the Cassavetti Stradivarius.
The Library developed a system of book classification called Library of Congress Classification (LCC), which is used by most US research and university libraries.
The Library serves as a legal repository for copyright protection and copyright registration, and as the base for the United States Copyright Office. Regardless of whether they register their copyright, all publishers are required to submit two complete copies of their published works to the Library—this requirement is known as "mandatory deposit". Nearly 22,000 new items published in the U.S. arrive every business day at the Library. Contrary to popular belief, however, the Library does not retain all of these works in its permanent collection, although it does add an average of 10,000 items per day. Rejected items are used in trades with other libraries around the world, distributed to federal agencies, or donated to schools, communities, and other organizations within the United States. As is true of many similar libraries, the Library of Congress retains copies of every publication in the English language that is deemed significant.
The Library of Congress states that its collection fills about of bookshelves, while the British Library reports about of shelves. The Library of Congress holds more than 155.3 million items with more than 35 million books and other print materials, against approximately 150 million items with 25 million books for the British Library. A 2000 study by information scientists Peter Lyman and Hal Varian suggested that the amount of uncompressed textual data represented by the 26 million books then in the collection was 10 terabytes.
The Library makes millions of digital objects, comprising tens of petabytes, available at its American Memory site. American Memory is a source for public domain image resources, as well as audio, video, and archived Web content. Nearly all of the lists of holdings, the "catalogs" of the library, can be consulted directly on its web site. Librarians all over the world consult these catalogs, through the Web or through other media better suited to their needs, when they need to catalog for their collection a book published in the United States. They use the Library of Congress Control Number to make sure of the exact identity of the book.
The Library of Congress also provides an online archive of the proceedings of the U.S. Congress at THOMAS, including bill text, Congressional Record text, bill summary and status, the Congressional Record Index, and the United States Constitution.
The Library also administers the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped, an audio book and braille library program provided to more than 766,000 Americans.
Buildings of the Library.
The Library of Congress is physically housed in three buildings on Capitol Hill and a conservation center in rural Virginia. The Library's Capitol Hill buildings are all connected by underground passageways, so that a library user need pass through security only once in a single visit. The library also has off-site storage facilities for less commonly requested materials.
Thomas Jefferson Building.
The Thomas Jefferson Building is located between Independence Avenue and East Capitol Street on First Street SE. It first opened in 1897 as the main building of the Library and is the oldest of the three buildings. Known originally as the Library of Congress Building or Main Building, it took its present name on June 13, 1980.
John Adams Building.
The John Adams Building is located between Independence Avenue and East Capitol Street on 2nd Street SE, the block adjacent to the Jefferson Building. The building was originally built simply as an annex to the Jefferson Building. It opened its doors to the public on January 3, 1939.
James Madison Memorial Building.
The James Madison Memorial Building is located between First and Second Streets on Independence Avenue SE. The building was constructed from 1971 to 1976, and serves as the official memorial to President James Madison.
The Madison Building is also home to the Mary Pickford Theater, the "motion picture and television reading room" of the Library of Congress. The theater hosts regular free screenings of classic and contemporary movies and television shows.
Packard Campus for Audio-Visual Conservation.
The Packard Campus for Audio-Visual Conservation is the Library of Congress's newest building, opened in 2007 and located in Culpeper, Virginia. It was constructed out of a former Federal Reserve storage center and Cold War bunker. The campus is designed to act as a single site to store all of the library's movie, television, and sound collections. It is named to honor David Woodley Packard, whose Packard Humanities Institute oversaw design and construction of the facility. The centerpiece of the complex is a reproduction Art Deco movie theater that presents free movie screenings to the public on a semi-weekly basis.
Using the Library.
The library is open for academic research to anyone with a Reader Identification Card. They are not allowed to remove library items from the reading rooms or the library buildings.
Since 1902, American libraries have been able to request books and other items through interlibrary loan from the Library of Congress if these items are not readily available elsewhere. Through this, the Library of Congress has served as a "library of last resort", according to former Librarian of Congress Herbert Putnam. The Library of Congress lends books to other libraries with the stipulation that they be used only inside the borrowing library.
Standards.
In addition to its library services, the Library of Congress is also actively involved in various standard activities in areas related to bibliographical and search and retrieve standards. Areas of work include MARC standards, METS, Metadata Object Description Schema (MODS), Z39.50 and Search/Retrieve Web Service (SRW), and Search/Retrieve via URL (SRU). 

</doc>
<doc id="18944096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944096" title="Yehoshua Sagiv">
Yehoshua Sagiv

Yehoshua Chaim ("Shuky") Sagiv is a computer scientist and professor of computer science at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He obtained his PhD at Princeton University in 1978. His advisor was Jeffrey Ullman.
Sagiv is one of the founders of the field of relational database theory, and specifically of dependency theory.
He also did seminal work in the areas of semi-structured databases and local-as-view data integration.
Currently (2008) he is the most-published author in the ACM Symposium on Principles of Database Systems (with 29 papers published there). He was also the winner of the ACM SIGMOD Test of Time Award in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18944129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944129" title="Joel Milburn">
Joel Milburn

Joel Milburn (born 17 March 1986) is an Australian Dual Olympic 400m sprinter. His Personal Best time for the 400m is 44.80 seconds which he achieved at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Joel won the Australian National 400 m Championship in 2008. He was then selected for the 400m & 4x400m relay at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing where he made the semi-finals of the individual 400 meters competition. He placed 15th overall in Beijing in the 400m Individual and 6th in the 4x400m relay with a time of 3.00.02. Joel has represented Australia numerous times at the IAAf World Championships, IAAf Wold Indoor Championships, Commonwealth Games as well as the Asia-Pacific region (55 nations) at the 2010 IAAF Continental Cup in the 4x400m relay. He has also won a gold medal at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in the 4x400m relay.
Joel's Athlete webpage: http://www.joelmilburn.com
Joel Milburn's Australian Caps and international representation:
2012 Olympic Games - London, England. - (DNS)
2010 Commonwealth Games - Delhi, India. -
2010 IAAF Continental Cup - Split, Croatia.
2009 IAAF World Championships - Berlin, Germany.
2008 Beijing Olympic Games - Beijing, China.
2008 IAAF World Indoor Championships - Valencia Spain.
2007 World University Games - Bangkok, Thailand.
2004 IAAF World Junior Championships - Grosseto, Italy. - (DNS)
2003 IAAF World Youth Championships - Sherbrooke, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18944151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944151" title="Cold Stone Creamery">
Cold Stone Creamery

Cold Stone Creamery is an American-based ice cream parlor chain. Based in Scottsdale, Arizona, the company is owned and operated by Kahala, L.L.C. The company's main product is premium ice cream, or ice cream made with approximately 12–14% butterfat, that is made on location and customized to order for customers at the time of purchase. Cold Stone has also expanded its menu with other ice cream related products such as ice cream cakes, pies, cookie sandwiches, smoothies, shakes and iced & blended coffee.
Since 2008, the company has been co-branding its locations with other chains in an attempt to increase its presence outside the United States and open up its business model from the traditional summertime season to a more year-round one.
History.
The company was co-founded in 1988 by Susan and Donald Sutherland, who sought ice cream that was neither hard-packed nor soft-serve. Publicity materials describe it as "smooth and creamy super-premium ice cream." Cold Stone Creamery opened its first store that year in Tempe, Arizona. The original Cold Stone Creamery, store #0001, is still in operation today at the original location in Tempe.
The company's business model is the same as the one originally created by Steve's Ice Cream's founder Steve Herrell. The company uses in-store made ice cream that is combined with mix-ins, candy or other items that is folded into the ice cream to make a new flavor. Cold Stone's name comes from the frozen granite stone, used to mix "mix-ins": candy, nuts, or other edibles into various flavors of ice cream. 
In 1995, Cold Stone Creamery opened its first franchise store in Tucson, soon followed by a store in Camarillo, California, its first out of state. Almost 1,400 franchises are in operation. Cold Stone Creamery is now the sixth bestselling brand of ice cream in the US and operates stores in Japan, Taiwan, South Korea, Thailand, Brazil Puerto Rico, Indonesia, Guam, China, Mexico, Bahrain, United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Trinidad, Trinidad and Tobago, Qatar, Nigeria, Kuwait, and Philippines. Cold Stone opened their first franchise in Europe in 2008 in Copenhagen, Denmark. Three more shops were later opened in other parts of the country. The company was also named the 11th fastest-growing franchise by "Entrepreneur" magazine in January 2006. In June 2009 the company opened its first location in Canada, in Mississauga, Ontario. Two stores opened in Singapore in 2011 and a third one is opening in 2012.
In May 2007, Cold Stone Creamery merged with Kahala Corp to form the company Kahala-Cold Stone, which collectively owns 13 brands. Doug Ducey, former president and CEO of Cold Stone Creamery, was named CEO of the new company. Kevin Blackwell, the former CEO of Kahala, became chairman of the board and chief strategist. In September 2007, Ducey announced he was leaving the company. Blackwell was named CEO.
Co-branding.
The parent company of Cold Stone Creamery, Kahala, announced in February 2009 that it had reached an agreement with Canadian coffee shop chain Tim Hortons to open up to 100 co-branded stores in the United States after successfully testing two locations in Rhode Island. The strategic alliance will allow Tim Hortons to operate in more US locations while allowing Cold Stone Creamery to expand into Canada. The most notable co-branded store opened in August 2009 when Tim Hortons moved into three Cold Stone Creamery locations in New York City, including its flagship Times Square location.
In June 2009, Cold Stone Creamery started testing the Canadian market by opening seven co-branded locations with Tim Hortons located in Toronto, Oakville, Mississauga, Hamilton, Pickering, Sudbury, and Halifax, Nova Scotia. They now have locations in every Canadian province except for Newfoundland and Labrador.
The Tim Hortons venture follows on the footsteps of a similar co-branding efforts in 2007 and 2008. Cold Stone franchisees in New York City began partnering with Soup Kitchen International to sell soup in their stores beginning in late-2007. In 2008, the company signed an agreement with the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory to open seven locations in the Western US. The venture is designed to bring in customers on a year round basis as opposed to the seasonal draws that each company experiences. The mingling of Cold Stone and Rocky Mountain led to more than 10% increase in weekly sales in Rocky Mountain stores after co-branding.
Products.
All ice cream creations are offered in four sizes: Kid's size (), "Like It" (), "Love It" (), and "Gotta Have It" (). Also offered are milkshakes and smoothies, among them the Cold Stone PB&C; its large size was designated by "Men's Health Magazine" as the most unhealthy drink in the USA for two consecutive years. The drink has 2,010 calories, 131 grams of fat with 68 grams saturated fat, and 153 grams of sugar.
All ice cream is made in house using natural ingredients and waffle cones and bowls are baked daily. Cold Stone also offers chocolate-dipped waffle bowls. The company also has a line of ice cream cakes and pies. Ice cream cupcakes and ice cream cookie sandwiches are also available, most of which are made on-site. Stores also offer the option of customizing these frozen desserts much like their ice cream creations. Most recently, Cold Stone Creamery has come out with various desserts ranging anywhere from hot brownies to warm churros. 
Licensing.
Cold Stone has entered into partnerships with other companies to promote brand name products inside its stores. The first major partnership the company entered into was with Kraft Foods for its Jell-O brand in 2009. Cold Stone introduced a series of flavors of ice cream based on popular Jell-O pudding flavors; Chocolate, Butterscotch, Banana, and Vanilla. Because the pudding additives cause the ice cream to gel, it was recently noted that these flavors do not melt.
Externally, a 2008 licensing agreement with Jelly Belly had a line of jelly beans flavored like some of Cold Stone's most popular ice cream flavors.
Entertainment.
In the spirit of joviality and to encourage customers to give tips, Cold Stone instructs employees to sing a special song related to the company, usually to the tune of recognizable melodies such as "Take Me Out to the Ball Game", "I've Been Working on the Railroad", or "Bingo", when a customer places money in the tip jar. Lyrics include short, catchy phrases such as, "This is our Cold Stone song, it is not very long."
Legal issues.
There have been allegations by independent franchises that Cold Stone's business practices have put them at a competitive disadvantage. These former franchises claim that the parent company opens locations too close to each other, requires expensive remodeling and overstates potential revenues and income. Other franchises have contended that is not the case and that they are experiencing growth amid financial uncertainties and higher costs associated with fuel and energy prices.
In June 2008, the "Wall Street Journal" examined the issue. The article stated that a large number of locations, approximately 16–20%, of Cold Stone Creamery franchises have closed or were put up for sale by their owners, many of whom had suffered significant financial losses due to their investment. The article included claims by franchisees that the company had misrepresented the average revenues of Cold Stone stores and acted in ways that reduced stores' profit margins. A company spokeswoman said that the number of stores for sale was "at par with industry expectations" in light of "the economically challenging times."
CNBC documentary and lawsuit.
In December 2010 lawyers from Cold Stone Creamery threatened a lawsuit over some of the contents of a then-upcoming documentary by CNBC.
"Behind the Counter: The Untold Story of Franchising" reported on the failures and successes of franchising. After several edits the program was broadcast on CNBC on March 21, 2011. Brands such as Dunkin' Donuts and Five Guys were highlighted as successful franchise brands. Cold Stone Creamery's executives and corporate lawyers were interviewed. The lawsuit was discussed with former franchisees and the litigation threats with CNBC. An apparently successful Cold Stone franchise was also featured.
Corporate headquarters.
While the company was originally headquartered in Tempe, in 1997 the company moved its headquarters to Scottsdale, Arizona. In July 2005 Cold Stone moved into its current headquarters. The two story building has classroom space, a product development laboratory kitchen, and a training store.

</doc>
<doc id="18944155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944155" title="Nahuatl honorifics">
Nahuatl honorifics

Nahuatl honorifics refers to the set of linguistic elements and morphological systems found in the Nahuatl group of related languages and dialects, that are used to mark degrees of respect and relative social standing and distance for the speaker and subject(s) of discourse. These systems of honorific or reverential address have been noted for both the 16th-century contact-era recorded form (Classical Nahuatl) and its living modern-day descendant Nahuatl dialects and speech communities. The system of honorifics observed for Nahuatl languages is a highly complex one, employing both free and bound morphemes that may attach to nouns, verbs, postpositions and other grammatical elements, providing a gradation of reverential address options whose use is governed by cultural and social norms within the Nahuatl speech community. Linguists have identified at least four distinct levels of honorific address within and among Nahuatl languages and dialects.
The four levels of honor or reverence include an “intimate” or “subordinate” Level I, a “neutral,” “distant” or “first respect” Level II, a “reverential” Level III, and finally, the sacred, “ultra-reverential” "compadrazgo" Level IV used in religious contexts.
"Compadres", or godparents, who are established as kin through religious ritual, are the only members of the community to whom this highest level of reverence is applied. The morphemes used to express these four levels of honor are a linguistic manifestation of the social structure and politeness strategies of Nahuatl culture. Factors such as age, kinship, occupation, fluency in Nahuatl, and the cultural value of "compadrazgo" are primary in determining the level of reverence one merits. The four levels of honor are supported by a framework of cultural, and especially religious, beliefs and values. Honorific usage also varies slightly among the dialects, a variation closely tied to socioeconomic status, respect for tradition, indigenous solidarity, and a region’s degree of contact with other speech communities.

</doc>
<doc id="18944226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944226" title="Andriy Stadnik">
Andriy Stadnik

Andriy Stadnik (born April 15, 1982) is a male wrestler from Ukraine. He won a silver medal in the Men's freestyle 66kg event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Personal life.
Andriy has been married to Mariya Stadnik, a wrestler from Azerbaijan. His sister Yana Stadnik is also a wrestler.

</doc>
<doc id="18944244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944244" title="Ərəbşahverdi">
Ərəbşahverdi

Ərəbşahverdi or Arabshakhverdi or Arabsahverdi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18944260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944260" title="Springs Falls">
Springs Falls

Spring Falls is a 6 metre high plunge, curtain waterfall found on private property in Waterdown, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. Located on a tributary of the Grindstone Creek (sometimes called Spring Creek), in the Waterdown section of Hamilton, north of the end of "George Street". Also known as "Upper Grindstone Falls".
Nearby attractions include the town of Waterdown, Rock Chapel Golf Course and Royal Botanical Gardens, Bruce Trail, Grindstone Cascade, Snake and Lower Snake Falls.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18944271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944271" title="Alexander Theatre">
Alexander Theatre

Aleksanterin teatteri (Finnish), Alexandersteatern (Swedish) is a Finnish theatre in the city of Helsinki at Bulevardi 23-27, also known as Russian Theater and Alexander Theatre. 
History.
In the summer of 1875, the Governor-General of Russian Finland in 1866-1881, Count Nikolay Adlerberg, who was a frequent theatregoer, received Alexander II of Russia's permission to build a theatre for Russians living in Helsinki. The auditorium of the theatre was decorated by the Saint Petersburg architect Jeronim Osuhovsky, and the Finnish artist Severin Falkman decorated the ceiling paintings, which depict twelve cupids, reminding of the Mariinsky Theatre in Saint Petersburg. The theatre technology was designed by Iosif Vorontsov. The theatre was completed in October 1879, and in February 1880 it was named after Russian Tsar Alexander II. 
The grand opening of the theatre occurred on 30 March 1880 with Charles Gounod's "Faust". 
In 1918 Finnish National Opera and Ballet moved to the Alexander Theatre and remained in the premises till 1993. After Finnish National Opera and Ballet moved to their newly built house, the Alexander Theatre got back its historical name and once again became a venue theatre. 
Since 1993, the building of the Alexander Theatre has been used for guest stage performances of variable genres. The theatre building also houses different offices, rehearsal facilities, dance studios and different companies.

</doc>
<doc id="18944290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944290" title="Paul Tschackert">
Paul Tschackert

Paul Tschackert (January 10, 1848 – July 7, 1911) was a German Protestant theologian and church historian born in Freystadt, Silesia. He is largely remembered for studies involving the history of the Protestant Reformation.
Tschackert studied history, theology and philosophy at the University of Halle, and in 1873 continued his education at the University of Göttingen. In 1875 he earned his doctorate at the University of Breslau with his thesis on theologian Pierre d'Ailly (1351-1420). In 1877 he became an associate professor at Halle, afterwards serving as a professor at the Universities of Königsberg (from 1884) and Göttingen (from 1890).
Tschackert died in Göttingen.

</doc>
<doc id="18944306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944306" title="Garnache">
Garnache

Garnaches is a traditional Mestizo dish composed of a fried corn or wheat tortilla topped with refried beans, shredded cabbage, carrots, cheese, vinegar and salt. Garnaches are especially popular in the Central American country of Belize, being available in most restaurants as a common appetizer. Other recipes may indicate the use of fried beans topped with salsa (or ketchup) and Dutch cheese.
See also.
Tostada

</doc>
<doc id="18944307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944307" title="Sleeping Bag (song)">
Sleeping Bag (song)

"Sleeping Bag" is a song performed by the band ZZ Top from their 1985 album "Afterburner". The song was released as a single in 1985 and became their most successful single, reaching #8 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States, equaling the peak of their previous single "Legs". However, unlike "Legs", it also reached #1 on the U.S. Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, a first for the band.
Music video.
A music video was made to promote the song. The video revolves around a couple being chased by two wheel loaders and the Bear Foot monster truck.
The video shows the destruction of the "Eliminator" vehicle featured in the videos of the album "Eliminator" and introduces the space shuttle on the cover of the "Afterburner" album.
Actors Heather Langenkamp ("A Nightmare on Elm Street") and John Dye ("Touched by an Angel") appear as the female and male leads.
Directed by Steve Barron. The early scenes in the video inspired the video to the Foo Fighters' "Everlong".

</doc>
<doc id="18944322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944322" title="Ihor Dotsenko">
Ihor Dotsenko

Ihor Dotsenko (born 29 July 1974 in Kiev, Ukraine, USSR) is a retired Ukrainian-American soccer player who spent most of his career in the lower U.S. divisions, but played two games with the Kansas City Wizards of Major League Soccer. He is currently the Technical Director for the Richmond Kickers.
Player.
Dotsenko, a native of Ukraine attended Wake Forest University where he played on the men’s soccer team from 1994 to 1997. In 1998, he signed with the Richmond Kickers of the USISL. In the fall of 1998, he signed with the Philadelphia KiXX of the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL). He would play two indoor winter seasons with the KiXX. In 1999, Dotsenko moved to the expansion Lehigh Valley Steam of the USL A-League. The Steam folded at the end of the season and in 2000, Dotsenko joined the Raleigh Capital Express. In August 2000, the Kansas City Wizards of the Major Soccer League, an affiliate of the Express, called Dotsenko up to the senior team for two games. At the end of 2000, he signed with the Atlanta Silverbacks who then sent him on loan to KFC Uerdingen 05 in January 2001. Dotsenko returned to the indoor game with the Harrisburg Heat of the Major Indoor Soccer League, playing only one season with them. In 2002, Dotsenko returned to the Richmond Kickers, retiring in 2003. On 3 April 2006, Dotsenko returned to playing with the Kickers, retiring a second time in 2007.
Coach.
In 2002, Dotsenko became the Assistant Director of Coaching for the North Region of Richmond Kickers Youth Soccer Club (RKYSC). In 2004, he was eleveated to the position of Technical Director of the RKYSC. On 3 April 2006, the Richmond Kickers announced that Dotsenko would serve as both a player and assistant coach with the team. On 16 February 2007, he became the head coach of the Richmond Kickers Future which play in the fourth division Premier Development League. He held that position for only the 2007 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18944324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944324" title="Arazin">
Arazin

Arazin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18944329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944329" title="Memorial Wall">
Memorial Wall

A memorial wall is a wall typically engraved to commemorate a number of people with something in common (e.g., from one country or place) killed in a single conflict, violent event, or disaster, often with names.
Memorial Walls include:

</doc>
<doc id="18944334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944334" title="Erikli">
Erikli

Erikli (literally "with plums") is a Turkic place name that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18944370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944370" title="Doug Boyd">
Doug Boyd

Doug Boyd is an American voice actor and editor. He has been in the business since the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18944382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944382" title="Sergio Arredondo">
Sergio Arredondo

Sergio Arredondo Gonzalez participated in the Caravan of Death in 1973 in Chile. He was the second in command to Sergio Arellano Stark who led the Caravan of Death. This death squad went out immediately following a successful coup and are said to be responsible for at least 75 deaths. The people who were executed were primarily non-hostile and already in custody, many were teachers, political organizers, or union leaders. After the Caravan tour of duty, he also was promoted, to the director of the Infantry School.

</doc>
<doc id="18944394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944394" title="Armaki">
Armaki

Armaki (, also Romanized as Armakī) is a village in Moqam Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 68, in 11 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="18944409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944409" title="Alon Y. Halevy">
Alon Y. Halevy

Alon Yitzchack Halevy (until 2000: Levy) is a renowned Israeli-American computer scientist and a leading researcher in the area of data integration. He is currently a research scientist at Google, Inc. Until 2006, he was a professor of computer science at the University of Washington. He received his PhD from Stanford University in 1993.
He is a fellow of the ACM and a winner of the 2006 VLDB 10-year best paper award. He was a Sloan Fellow, and received the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers (PECASE) in 2000. 
He is the founder of two technology companies, Nimble Technology (now Actuate) and Transformic Inc.
At Google he has been involved in Google Fusion Tables.

</doc>
<doc id="18944443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944443" title="Quake-Catcher Network">
Quake-Catcher Network

The Quake-Catcher Network is a joint collaborative initiative run by Stanford University and UC Riverside that aims to use computer-based accelerometers to detect earthquakes. It uses the BOINC volunteer computing platform (a form of distributed computing, similar to SETI@home).
It currently supports newer Mac laptops which have the built-in accelerometer (used to park hard drive heads if the laptop is dropped), and the newer IBM/Lenovo thinkpads. It also supports three external USB devices currently - the codemercs.com JoyWarrior 24F8, the ONavi sensor, and the MotionNode Accel.
In 2011, project scientist Elizabeth Cochran was awarded a Presidential Early Career Award from US President Barack Obama in large part due to her founding of the Quake-Catcher Network project.

</doc>
