<doc id="19060121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060121" title="Mariański Choir">
Mariański Choir

The Mariański Choir (), also known as the Maryan Choir, is a mixed choir based at the Lazarite Church of the Holy Virgin Mary of Lourdes in Kraków, Poland. The choir's repertoire includes works of great masters, religious compositions of Polish and foreign composers, international songs and folk songs, and fragments of operas and musicals.
Mariański Choir was founded in 1932. Since 1968, the group has been led by conductor Jan Rybarski. Members of the choir have varying levels of experience ranging from several months to over 40 years. Recently the choir toured in Lyon, Nice, Rome, and Vienna.
Conductor.
Jan Rybarski (b. 1941), conductor and organist, graduated from the Secondary School for Organists in Przemyśl and the Music High School in Kraków. His tutors were Idzi Ogierman-Mański, Józef Radwan and Jerzy Kurcz. In 2001 he received a doctoral degree in directing from the Academy of Music in Kraków.
Rybarski has been a lecturer of music conducting at the Pontifical Academy of Theology in Kraków. He is an Artistic Director of the Polish Federation of Choirs and Orchestras in Kraków and teaches organ and choral music. In recognition of his contribution to local culture and art, Rybarski received the Kraków Voivode Prize in 1995 and the Medal of the National Education Committee in 2003.
Awards.
The choir has won many awards. The Grand Prix prizes and the first place awards include a gold medal at the Polish Festival of choral song in Katowice, a Grand Prix at a competition dedicated to Pope John Paul II in Kraków, and festivals of Christmas carols at Myślenice and in Prague. Prizes were won at festivals in Międzyzdroje, Caecilianum (2000) and in Warsaw (2004), Loretto and Gorizia in Italy, Košice, Ilava, Mogilev, and in Frankfurt am Main and Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="19060131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060131" title="Agriphila inquinatella">
Agriphila inquinatella

Agriphila inquinatella is a small moth species of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe, around the Caucasus area to Turkestan, and in the Near East to Jordan.
Three subspecies are accepted today:
The adult moths fly between June to September, depending on the location. Their wingspan is 23–29 mm.
The caterpillars feed mainly on Poaceae grasses, such as meadow-grass species ("Poa") or Sheep's Fescue ("Festuca ovina"). They can be found under pebbles adjacent to their foodplants, suggesting that they feed on the plants' roots. A more unusual foodplant is the Pottiales moss "Tortula muralis".
Misidentifications involving this species.
Apart from the junior synonyms listed, two scientific names have been misapplied to this species in the past:
In turn, the present species' scientific name was erroneously used for the related moths "Pediasia contaminella" (by J. Hübner in 1817), "Agriphila geniculea" (by J.F. Stephens in 1834 and W. Wood in 1839), "Pediasia aridella" (by P.C. Zeller in 1839), and "Agriphila brioniella" (by A. Caradja in 1910 and A.K. Drenowski in 1923).

</doc>
<doc id="19060158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060158" title="Agriphila latistria">
Agriphila latistria

Agriphila latistria is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe, but originates from the area surrounding the Mediterranean Sea.
The wingspan is 22–27 mm. The moth flies from July to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various grasses, especially "Bromus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19060161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060161" title="SevOne">
SevOne

SevOne, Inc. is a venture funded network performance management software company. The SevOne Performance Appliance solution (SevOne PAS) provides network managers with monitoring, troubleshooting, and performance reporting capabilities. The company is based in Delaware and named after the slang for the “severity one” performance problems network managers face. 
The SevOne PAS includes different virtual and physical appliances each capable of monitoring 5,000 to 200,000 network elements and the SevOne Dedicated NetFlow Collector (Sevone DNC) that supports up to 1,000 NetFlow interfaces per appliance.
History.
The company was founded in 2005 by computer scientists from the University of Delaware who also served as network architects at leading financial institutions. SevOne is funded and backed by a group of private investors and venture capitalists.
In July 2007, venture capital firm Osage Ventures led a Series A Preferred placement in SevOne. In March, 2009, Osage led a second round of financing in SevOne along with several private investors.
In January 2013, SevOne announced a $150 million investment from Bain Capital.
Awards.
TMC Communications Solutions awarded the SevOne PAS Product of the Year Awards in 2007, 2008, and 2010.
The SevOne Performance Appliance Solution was named as one of eWEEK's "Products to Watch" for 2009, awarded to the new hardware, software, or services that enterprise IT managers should have on their radar.
In August 2010, SevOne was awarded "Most Innovative Architecture" by the Enterprise Management Associates in the EMA for Application-Aware Network Performance Management (ANPM) 2010. In the same report, SevOne was also ranked in the "Strong Value" category for being loaded with ANPM capabilities, ease of deployment and administration, and cost efficiency.
In August 2011 SevOne was ranked #315 on the INC 500 list of Fastest Growing Private Companies. and in 2012 SevOne was ranked #925 on the INC 5000 list of Fastest Growing Private Companies.
SevOne also made the Deloitte Fast 500 list of Fastest Growing Private Companies in 2011 and ranked 30th. In 2012, SevOne ranked 75th.

</doc>
<doc id="19060170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060170" title="Argentina national under-23 football team">
Argentina national under-23 football team

Argentina Olympic football team represents Argentina in international football competitions in Olympic Games. The selection is limited to players under the age of 23, except three overage players. The team is controlled by the Asociación del Fútbol Argentino (AFA).
History.
First silver medal and a long absence.
Argentina took part for the first time in 1928 Summer Olympics held in The Netherlands. The team advanced to the final after defeating United States (with a thrashing 11-2) at the first round and Belgium (6-3) on second round. In semifinals, the national team smashed Egypt by 6-0, qualifying to play the final against Uruguay.
The first match ended in a 1-1 tie so a second game had to be played three days later. In the decissive match, Uruguay won the tournament when defeating Argentina by 4-2 winning the Gold Medal. The Argentine line-up was Bossio, Bidoglio, Paternóster, Médice, Monti, Evaristo, Carricaberri, Tarasconi, Ferreira, Perduca, Orsi.
In the 1932 Summer Olympics no football tournament was held. Likewise Argentina did not participate in the 1936, 1948, 1952 and 1956 editions, returning for the 1960 games held in Rome. Argentina was eliminated in the first round after a loss to Denmark by 3-2, although the team won its successive games against Tunisia (2-1) and Poland (2-0). Argentina placed 2nd to Denmark.
Argentina's next participation was in the 1964 Summer Olympics organized by Tokyo, where the team finished in the last position of the groupd after a 1-1 to Ghana and a loss to Japan by 2-3. Since then, Argentina had a long absence of the games, not having took part of the 1968, 1972, 1976, 1980 and 1984 editions.
The national team returned for the 1988 Summer Olympics held in Seoul. Argentina tied 1-1 to United States, then defeating South Korea 2-1, finishing 2nd to the Soviet Union and qualifying for the next stage. On the quarter finals, Argentina lost to Brazil by 2-1 being eliminated from the competition.
Return to the podium.
Argentina did not qualify for the 1992 edition, coming back for the 1996 edition held in Atlanta. For the first time in the history of the Olympics, the International Olympic Committee allowed football representatives to register a maximum of three above-23 players. The Argentine players registered under that range were Diego Simeone, José Chamot and Roberto Sensini. Former Senior captain Daniel Passarella was the manager.
The national team debuted with a 3-1 victory over the United States. The team then tied to Portugal and Tunisia, both 1-1. Argentina placed 1st in the group, qualifying for the second round. In quarter finals, Argentina trashed Spain by 4-0 which allowed the team to pass to the semi-finals, where it defeated Portugal by 2-0. After 66 years since the first final played in Amsterdam, Argentina got right to play its second olympic final. The match was played on 3 August 1996 and Argentina lost to Nigeria (that had eliminated Brazil at semi-finals) by 2-3. The line-up for the final was: Cavallero; Zanetti, Ayala, Sensini, Chamot; Bassedas, Almeyda, Ortega, Hugo Morales; Claudio López, Crespo. Other players that formed the roster were Carlos Bossio, Marcelo Gallardo and Marcelo Delgado. In the next edition of the games (2000 Argentina did not participate.
First gold.
The 2004 Summer Olympics were held in Athens and Argentina returned to the competition after the absence in Sydney. The squad, managed by Marcelo Bielsa, won the gold medal for the first time in its history. Before playing the final, Argentina won all the games in the first round, thrashing Serbia and Montenegro (6-0), then defeating Tunisia and Australia. Argentina finished 1st in the group with no goals received. On quarter finals, Argentina smashed Costa Rica 4-0, reaching the semi-finals against Italy which beat by 3-0. Argentina played the final against Paraguay on August 28, 2004, winning not only the game (1-0) by the gold medal.
Argentina won the competition with an astounding campaign, winning the 6 games played, with no goals received along the tournament. The team also totalized 17 goals (2,83 per match). The line-up for the final was: Lux; Coloccini, Ayala, Heinze; Lucho González, Mascherano, Kily González, D'Alessandro, Tévez; Rosales, César Delgado. The most notable player of the tournament was Carlos Tévez, also the topscorer with 8 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19060189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060189" title="Agriphila straminella">
Agriphila straminella

Agriphila straminella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 16–20 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various grasses, such as sheep's fescue ("Festuca ovina"), smooth meadowgrass ("Poa pratensis"), and wheat ("Triticum aestivum").

</doc>
<doc id="19060195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060195" title="Gian-Matteo Ranzi">
Gian-Matteo Ranzi

Gian-Matteo Ranzi (born 31 January 1948) is an Italian wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Ranzi competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich where he received a bronze medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "lightweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19060210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060210" title="Barry Westhead">
Barry Westhead

Barry Westhead (born 13 May 1977, Wigan, Greater Manchester, England) is a musician, pianist of the British group Starsailor.
Westhead was working as pianist in a church before meeting the other members of Starsailor, James Stelfox, Ben Byrne and James Walsh in March 2000. He was the last member to join the band, then named Waterface. The band had tried a number of guitarists before asking Westhead to join them as keyboardist. His arrival has been heralded as the most significant event in the band's formation. 
Westhead has the distinction of having an advanced qualification in piano (level above grade 8) 
Westhead and his partner Kelly have two children, a boy, Joseph, born on April 12, 2007. and a girl called Scarlett, born on June, 2010 

</doc>
<doc id="19060223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060223" title="Marcela Lopez">
Marcela Lopez

Marcela Lopez is a Brazilian aerobic gymnast who finished 1st in the Women's Individual event at the 10th Aerobic Gymnastics World Championships held in Ulm

</doc>
<doc id="19060231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060231" title="Success likelihood index method">
Success likelihood index method

Success Likelihood Index Method (SLIM) is a technique used in the field of Human reliability Assessment (HRA), for the purposes of evaluating the probability of a human error occurring throughout the completion of a specific task. From such analyses measures can then be taken to reduce the likelihood of errors occurring within a system and therefore lead to an improvement in the overall levels of safety. There exist three primary reasons for conducting an HRA; error identification, error quantification and error reduction. As there exist a number of techniques used for such purposes, they can be split into one of two classifications; first generation techniques and second generation techniques. First generation techniques work on the basis of the simple dichotomy of ‘fits/doesn’t fit’ in the matching of the error situation in context with related error identification and quantification and second generation techniques are more theory based in their assessment and quantification of errors. ‘HRA techniques have been utilised in a range of industries including healthcare, engineering, nuclear, transportation and business sector; each technique has varying uses within different disciplines.
SLIM is a decision-analytic approach to HRA which uses expert judgement to quantify Performance Shaping Factors (PSFs); factors concerning the individuals, environment or task, which have the potential to either positively or negatively affect performance e.g. available task time. Such factors are used to derive a Success Likelihood Index (SLI), a form of preference index, which is calibrated against existing data to derive a final Human Error Probability (HEP). The PSF’s which require to be considered are chosen by experts and are namely those factors which are regarded as most significant in relation to the context in question.
The technique consists of two modules: MAUD (multi-attribute utility decomposition) which scales the relative success likelihood in performing a range of tasks, given the PSFs probable to affect human performance; and SARAH (Systematic Approach to the Reliability Assessment of Humans) which calibrates these success scores with tasks with known HEP values, to provide an overall figure.
Background.
SLIM was developed by Embrey et al. for use within the US nuclear industry. By use of this method, relative success likelihoods are established for a range of tasks, and then calibrated using a logarithmic transformation.
SLIM Methodology.
The SLIM methodology breaks down into ten steps of which steps 1-7 are involved in SLIM-MAUD and 8-10 are SLIM-SARAH.
1. "Definition of situations and subsets".
Upon selection of a relevant panel of experts who will carry out the assessment, these individuals are provided with as fully detailed a task description as possible with regards to the individual designated to perform each task and further factors which are likely to influence the success of each of these. An in depth description is a critical aspect of the procedure in order to ensure that all members of the assessing group share a common understanding of the given task. This may be further advanced through a group discussion prior to the commencement of the panel session to ascertain of consensus. Following this discussion, the tasks under consideration are then classified into a number of groupings depending upon the homogeneity of the PSF’s that have an effect on each. Subsets are thus defined by those tasks which have in common specific PSFs and also by their weighting within a certain sub-group; this weighting is only an approximation at this stage of the process.
"2. Elicitation of PSFs".
Random sets of 3 tasks are presented to experts from which they are required to compare one against the other two and subsequently identify an aspect in which the highlighted task differs from the remaining two; this dissimilarity should be a characteristic which affects the probability of successful task completion. The experts are then asked to highlight the low and high end-points of the identified PSF i.e. the optimality of the PSF in the context of the given task. For example the PSF may be Time Pressure and therefore the end points of the scale would perhaps be “High level of pressure” to “Low level of pressure”. Other possible PSFs may be stress levels, task complexity or degree of teamwork required. The of this stage is to identify those PSF’s which are most prevalent in affecting the tasks as opposed to eliciting all the possible influencing factors.
"3. Rating the Tasks on the PSFs".
The endpoints of each individual PSF, as identified by the expert, are then assigned the values 1 and 9 on a linear scale. Using this scale, the expert is required to assign to each task a rating, between the two end points, which accurately reflects, using their judgement, the conditions occurring in the task in question. It is optimal to consider each factor in turn so that the judgements made are independent from the influence of other factors which otherwise may affect opinion.
"4. Ideal Point Elicitation and Scaling Calculations".
The “ideal” rating for each PSF is then selected on the scale constructed. The ideal is the point at which the PSF least degrades performance – for instance both low and high time pressure may contribute to increasing the chance of failure. The MAUD software then rescales all other ratings made on the scale in terms of their distance from this ideal point, with the closest being assigned as a 1 and the furthest from this point as a 0. This is done for all PSF’s until the experts are agreed that the list of PSF’s is exhausted and that all the scale positions identified are correctly positioned.
"5. Independence Checks".
Using the figures which represent the relative importance of each task and their rating on the relevant scale, these are multiplied to produce a Success Likelihood Index (SLI) figure for each task. To improve the validity of the process it is necessary to confirm that each of the scales in use are independent to ensure no overlap or double counting in the overall calculation of the index. 
To help carry out this validation task, MAUD software checks for correlations between the experts’ scoring on the different scales; if the scale ratings indicate a high correlation, the experts are consulted to reveal whether they agree in their meanings of the ratings on the two scales which are showing similarities. If this situation occurs, the experts are asked to define a new scale which will be a combination of the meaning of the two individually correlated scales. If the correlation is not significant then the scales are treated as independent; in this case, the concerned facilitator is required to make an informed decision as to whether or not the PSFs showing similarities are actually similar and should therefore ensure that a strong justification is explainable for the final decision.
"6. Weighting Procedure".
This stage of the process concentrates on eliciting the emphasis required to be weighted to each of the PSFs in terms of the influence on the success of a task. This is done by enquiring, with the experts, the likelihood of success between pairs of tasks while considering two previously identified PSFs. By noting where the experts’ opinion is changed, the weighting of the effect of each PSF on the task success can thus be inferred. To enhance the accuracy of the outcome, this stage should be carried out in an iterative manner.
"7. Calculation of the SLI".
The Success Likelihood Index for each task is deduced using the following formula:
 SLIj = Sum_over_i(RijWi)
Where 
These SLI’s are estimates of the probability with which different types of error may occur.
"8. Conversion of SLIs to probabilities".
The SLIs previously calculated require to be transformed to HEPs as they are only relative measures of the likelihood of success of each of the considered tasks.
The relationship
is assumed to exist between SLIs and HEPs. P is the probability of success and a and b are constants; a and b are calculated from the SLIs of two tasks where the HEP has already been established.
"9. "Uncertainty Bound Analysis".
Uncertainty bounds can be estimated using expert judgement methods such as Absolute probability judgement (APJ).
"10. Use of SLIM-SARAH for Cost-Effectiveness Analyses".
As SLIM evaluates HEPs as a function of the PSFs, considered to be the major drivers in human reliability, it is possible to perform sensitivity analysis by modifying the scores of the PSFs. By considering the PSFs which may be altered, the degree to which they can be changed and the importance of the PSFs, it is possible to conduct a cost-benefit analysis to determine how worthwhile suggested improvements may be i.e. what-if analysis, the optimal means by which the calculated HEPs can be reduced.
Worked Example.
The following example provides a good illustration of how the SLIM methodology is used in practice in the field of HRA.
Context.
In this context an operator is responsible for the task of de-coupling a filling hose from a chemical road tanker. There exists the possibility that the operator may forget to close a valve located upstream of the filling hose, which is a crucial part of the procedure; if overlooked, this could result in adverse consequences, of greater effect to the operator in control. The primary human error of concern in this situation is ‘failure to close V0204 prior to decoupling filling hose’. The decoupling operation required to be conducted is a fairly easy task to carry out and does not require to be completed in conjunction with any further tasks; therefore is failure occurs it will have a catastrophic impact as opposed to displaying effects in a gradual manner.
Required Inputs.
This technique also requires an ‘expert panel’ to carry out the HRA; the panel would be made up of for example two operators possessing approximately 10 years experience of the system, a human factors analyst and a reliability analyst who has knowledge of the system and possesses a degree of experience of operation. 
The panel of experts is requested to determine a set of PSFs which are applicable to the task in question within the context of the wider system; of these, the experts are then required to propose those PSFs, of the identified, which are the most important in the circumstances of the scenario. 
For this example, it is assumed that the panel put forth 5 main PSFs for consideration, which are believed to have the greatest effect on human performance of the task: training, procedures, feedback, perceived risk and time pressure.
Method.
PSF Rating
Considering the situation within the context of the task under assessment, the panel are asked to provide further possible human errors which may occur that have the potential of affecting performance e.g. mis-setting or ignoring an alarm. For each of these, the experts are required to establish the degree to which each is either optimal or sub-optimal for the task under assessment, working on a scale from 1 to 9, with the latter being the optimal rating. For the 3 human errors which have been identified, the ratings decided for each are provided below:
Were each of the identified human errors of equal importance, it would then be possible to obtain the summation of each row of ratings and come to the conclusion that the row with the lowest total rating- in this case it would be alarm mis-set- was the most probable to occur. In this context, as is most often the case, the experts are in agreement that the PSFs given above are not of equal weighting. Perceived risk and feedback are deemed to be of greatest importance, twice as much as training and procedures, which these two are considered to be one and a half times more important than the factor of time. The time factor is of considered of minimal importance in this context as the task is routine and is therefore not limited by time.
The importance of each factor can be observed through the allocated weighting, as provided below. Note that they have been normalised to sum to unity.
Using the figures for the scaled weighting of the PSFs and the weighting of their importance, it is now possible to calculate the Success Likelihood Index (SLI) for the task under assessment.
From the results of the calculations, as the SLI for ‘alarm mis-set’ is the lowest, this suggests that this is the most probable error to occur throughout the completion of the task. 
However these SLI figures are not yet in the form of probabilities; they are only indications as to the likelihood by which the various errors may occur. The SLIs determine the order in which the errors are most probable to occur; they do not delineate the absolute probabilities of the PSFs. To convert the SLIs to HEPs, the SLI figures require to first be standardised; this can be done using the following formulation. 
Result.
If the two tasks for which the HEPs are known are incorporated in the task set which is undergoing quantification then the equation parameters can be determined by using the method of simultaneous equations; using the result of this the unknown HEP values can thus be quantified. In the example provided, were two additional tasks to be assessed e.g. A and B, which had HEP values of 0.5 and 10 -4 respectively and SLIs respectively of 4.00 and 6.00, respectively, then the formulation would be:
The final HEP values would thus be determined as
V0204 = 0.0007
Alarm mis-set = 0.14
Alarm ignored = 0.0003
References.
 EMBREY, D.E., Humphreys, P.C., rRosa, E.A., Kirwan, B. & Rea, K., SLIM-MAUD: An approach to assessing human error probabilities using structured expert judgement. NUREG/CR-3518. 1984, US Nuclear Regulatory Commission: Washington DC.
 Humphreys, P. (1995) Human Reliability Assessor’s Guide. Human Factors in Reliability Group.
 Kirwan, B. (1994). A Practical Guide to Human Reliability Assessment. CPC Press.
 Corlett, E.N., & Wilson, J.R. (1995). Evaluation of Human Work: A Practical Ergonomics Methodology. Taylor & Francis.

</doc>
<doc id="19060236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060236" title="Jabuka (disambiguation)">
Jabuka (disambiguation)

Jabuka can refer to:
Jabuka means apple in Serbian and Croatian language.

</doc>
<doc id="19060240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060240" title="ZALA 421-06">
ZALA 421-06

The ZALA 421-06 is an unmanned aerial vehicle helicopter designed and produced by Izhevsk-based ZALA Aero. This helicopter was developed in 2007-2008. In June, 2008 ZALA 421-08 was transfer to Russian Ministry of the Interior. This UAV can fly by program (in fully autonomous mode) and in manual mode. 
Specifications.
Physical:
Payload:

</doc>
<doc id="19060242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060242" title="Agriphila tristella">
Agriphila tristella

Agriphila tristella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe and the western part of Asia.
The wingspan is 22–30 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various grasses, such as "Poa" and "Deschampsia" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19060246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060246" title="Systoles of surfaces">
Systoles of surfaces

In mathematics, systolic inequalities for curves on surfaces were first studied by Charles Loewner in 1949 (unpublished; see remark at end of P. M. Pu's paper in '52). Given a closed surface, its systole, denoted sys, is defined to the least length of a loop that cannot be contracted to a point on the surface. The "systolic area" of a metric is defined to be the ratio area/sys2. The "systolic ratio" SR is the reciprocal quantity sys2/area. See also Introduction to systolic geometry.
Torus.
In 1949 Loewner proved his inequality for metrics on the torus T2, namely that the systolic ratio SR(T2) is bounded above by formula_1, with equality in the flat (constant curvature) case of the equilateral torus (see hexagonal lattice).
Real projective plane.
A similar result is given by Pu's inequality for the real projective plane from 1952, due to Pao Ming Pu, with an upper bound of "π"/2 for the systolic ratio SR(RP2), also attained in the constant curvature case.
Klein bottle.
For the Klein bottle "K", Bavard (1986) obtained an optimal upper bound of formula_2 for the systolic ratio:
based on work by Blatter from the 1960s.
Genus 2.
An orientable surface of genus 2 satisfies Loewner's bound formula_4, see (Katz-Sabourau '06). It is unknown whether or not every surface of positive genus satisfies Loewner's bound. It is conjectured that they all do. The answer is affirmative for genus 20 and above by (Katz-Sabourau '05).
Arbitrary genus.
For a closed surface of genus "g", Hebda and Burago (1980) showed that the systolic ratio SR(g) is bounded above by the constant 2. Three years later, Mikhail Gromov found an upper bound for SR(g) given by a constant times
A similar "lower" bound (with a smaller constant) was obtained by Buser and Sarnak. Namely, they exhibited arithmetic hyperbolic Riemann surfaces with systole behaving as a constant times formula_6. Note that area is 4π(g-1) from the Gauss-Bonnet theorem, so that SR(g) behaves asymptotically as a constant times formula_7.
The study of the asymptotic behavior for large genus formula_8 of the systole of hyperbolic surfaces reveals some interesting constants. Thus, Hurwitz surfaces formula_9 defined by a tower of principal congruence subgroups of the (2,3,7) hyperbolic triangle group satisfy the bound
resulting from an analysis of the Hurwitz quaternion order. A similar bound holds for more general arithmetic Fuchsian groups. This 2007 result by Mikhail Katz, Mary Schaps, and Uzi Vishne improves an inequality due to Peter Sarnak and Peter Buser in the case of arithmetic groups defined over formula_11, from 1994, which contained a nonzero additive constant. For the Hurwitz surfaces of principal congruence type, the systolic ratio SR(g) is asymptotic to
Using Katok's entropy inequality, the following asymptotic "upper bound" for SR(g) was found in (Katz-Sabourau 2005):
see also (Katz 2007), p. 85. Combining the two estimates, one obtains tight bounds for the asymptotic behavior of the systolic ratio of surfaces.
Sphere.
There is also a version of the inequality for metrics on the sphere, for the invariant "L" defined as the least length of a closed geodesic of the metric. In '80, Gromov conjectured a lower bound of formula_14 for the ratio area/L2. A lower bound of 1/961 obtained by Croke in '88 has recently been improved by Nabutovsky, Rotman, and Sabourau.

</doc>
<doc id="19060275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060275" title="Sivert Christensen Strøm">
Sivert Christensen Strøm

Sivert Christensen Strøm (1819 – 13 November 1902) was a Norwegian jurist and politician.
He was born in 1819 to a sea captain Strøm. He graduated as cand.jur. in 1845. He first worked as attorney, and was then promoted to district stipendiary magistrate ("sorenskriver") in Nordre Østerdalen in 1859. He became involved in politics, and was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1859, 1862 and 1865, representing the constituency of "Hedemarkens Amt". During the last term he was also mayor of his local municipality.
In 1867 he succeeded Michael Aubert as burgomaster of Trondhjem. While serving in Trondhjem he was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1871 and 1877. He was also a director in the Bank of Norway in 1871.
Strøm married twice, and had several children.

</doc>
<doc id="19060276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060276" title="Khaled Hadadi">
Khaled Hadadi

Khaled Hadadi is the current General-Secretary of the Lebanese Communist Party (LCP) since December 2003. He was born in the city of Barja in Mount Lebanon, Lebanon in 1956. He studied Physics at the Lebanese University and graduated with a B.S in 1979 before pursuing a PhD in France in 1984. Hadadi taught at the Lebanese University for several years before becoming General-Secretary of LCP.
Hadadi served in the central committee of the party since 1987 and in the political bureau since 1993. He was elected as General-Secretary of the Party in 2004 after he defeated the former General-Secretary Farouq Dahrouj in the internal elections.
During his term, the party lived through the difficult political times of division between March 8 and March 14 forces in Lebanon. However, under the leadership of Hadadi, the party managed to preserve its independence in spite of its closer relations with Hizbollah and Michel Aoun, the main leaders of the Lebanese opposition that was known before as March 8 coalition.
He was reelected as Secretary General for a second term after the 10th congress of the Party in February 2009

</doc>
<doc id="19060277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060277" title="Mick Waters (education)">
Mick Waters (education)

Professor Michael Waters (born 1949, Northamptonshire) was the Director of Curriculum at the (British) Qualifications and Curriculum Authority (QCA), based in London, from 2005-9. He was responsible for what British children are legally obliged to study at school via the National Curriculum.
Early life.
His father was a plasterer and his mother was a school cook. He attended Magdalen College School, Brackley, then a grammar school. At school he was particularly good at cricket and wanted to become a professional cricketer. His careers advisor at school persuaded him to choose teaching as a career. He attended Sheffield City College of Education (the City of Sheffield Training College on Collegiate Crescent, now part of Sheffield Hallam University) for his teacher's certificate.
Career.
Teaching.
He began as a primary school teacher in Nottingham. He was headmaster at two schools at Barrow-in-Furness and Kendal, then worked in teacher training at Charlotte Mason College, later part of Lancaster University, then the Ambleside campus of St Martin's College, then part of University of Cumbria, who closed the teacher training courses in 2008.
LEAs.
He worked at Birmingham LEA, then the (Labour-controlled) City of Manchester LEA at the end of 2002 where he was Chief Education Officer. Manchester LEA is in the bottom five for GCSE results in the country.
QCA.
He moved to the QCA in May 2005, leaving in 2009. 
His role at the QCA was to give children a meaningful foundation of education, specifically to provide them with knowledge that will give them help in later life, and not just generic academic knowledge for the sake of it. This obligatory curriculum would "prepare them for the future".
In September 2010, he described the English, Welsh and Northern Irish exams system (GCSE) as "diseased" and "almost corrupt" in the book "Reinventing Schools, Reforming Teaching".
Personal life.
He lives in High Wycombe in Buckinghamshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19060291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060291" title="Agriphila selasella">
Agriphila selasella

Agriphila selasella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is ca. 26 mm. The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various grasses, such as "Puccinellia maritima" and "Festuca ovina".

</doc>
<doc id="19060295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060295" title="Health coaching">
Health coaching

Health coaching, also referred to as wellness coaching, is a process that facilitates healthy, sustainable behavior change by challenging a client to listen to their inner wisdom, identify their values, and transform their goals into action. Health coaching draws on the principles of positive psychology and the practices of motivational interviewing and goal setting. The terms “health coaching” and “wellness coaching” are used interchangeably.
Origins.
Coaching has occurred since the beginning of mankind. It involves a conversation where one person listens and then advises another person on any subject matter. Over time this term has been used for coaches in education, athletics and music. Through his book The Inner Game of Tennis, Tim Gallwey changed the perspective of coaching when he shifted the focus of coaching. Rather than teaching a skill or technique, his process encouraged individuals to explore their inner strength and wisdom, improving their confidence and making changes and improvements from within. Health coaching is embedded in psychology, social work, nursing, eastern philosophy, holistic health and wellness management fields.
The roots of health coaching began with psychologists treating persons addicted to alcohol. In the early 1990s, The National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism conducted a study that compared several methods of treatment for alcohol addiction. They included: cognitive behavioral therapy, a twelve-step program approach similar to Alcoholics Anonymous, and motivational interviewing.
The findings demonstrated that while all were equally effective, motivational interviewing was more cost effective and timelier in reaching the desired results.
Due to the success of this project and others, researchers have been keenly interested in using this approach and studying how its use may affect health behavior change in persons with chronic conditions. Studies are likely to continue in this arena as this is a relatively new approach for many healthcare providers.
There are many people seeking help for various situations and in 2009 the largest category of coaching was that of health, fitness and wellness, with a combined 83.7 millions listings. The importance of a health coach is widely needed as well as guidelines to properly counsel somebody in the area of health and fitness.
Process of health coaching.
To fully appreciate and understand health coaching, one must be aware of the process.
Establish relationship.
The process starts with engagement. Engagement and building trust with client is established by building rapport. Many factors are included in this process. Essential traits to building rapport includes genuineness, eye contact, good energy, warmth, good quality of voice, a feeling of connectedness, being comfortable and relaxed in the exchange, mindful listening, being supportive and positive body language and physical gestures. Rapport is fundamental in the initial coaching session but must also be sustained in each coaching session. Although rapport is important, a coach may want to avoid becoming too close with client. Becoming too close to a client can create a barrier for a successful coaching process by being too emotionally attached, having a personal agenda and falling into assumptions based on personal relationship or experience.
Motivational interviewing.
Once a coach has established rapport, building strong communication strategies is essential. An effective tool used in health and wellness coaching and other clinical work is motivational interviewing. Motivational interviewing is a process used in psychotherapy, social work, medicine, addiction, coaching and other fields. The basis for support of this method is that motivational interviewing provides motivation to shape the knowledge obtained which encourages behavior change. Research shows knowledge alone does not promote change; but when motivation is added to the equation, change is likely to occur.
Motivational Interviewing is also characterized by a focus on the present rather than the past. There is an emphasis on communication that is conducted with clients concentrating on internal motivating factors and an exploration of individual core values an goals. This allows the client to express their desire to change their lifestyle and identify it themselves rather than having it come from the health coach.
Wellness vision.
A wellness vision is a creative statement by client that reveals his/her highest potential and can include physical, emotional, social, spiritual and financial realms of one’s life. A new life vision empowers one to see new possibilities along with a specific and clear direction, which can be manifested through inner creativity, wisdom and power. It allows one to activate their imagination and then think, feel, speak and ultimately see the manifestation of their unified highest potential to manifest. A wellness vision is a tool coach uses to help client move to new levels of wellbeing by connecting client to the truth and wisdom within.
Goal setting.
The manifestation of a wellness vision is done through the process of goal setting. Goal setting is a collaborative behavior change technique used between the coach and the client. During the motivational interviewing process, after strengths, values and desires are determined and client’s vision is set in place, specific goals are set so client is able to move in the direction of his/her newly formed desires.
Goals promote behavior change through a collaborative process, which includes the coach making a plan to follow up and evaluate progress. The coach can help the client focus on the success the client has had, even if goal is not yet achieved. Evaluating strengths and what is successful helps the client move forward. Positive feedback helps the client progress and move through any negative self-talk, ambivalence, resistance and other hurdles. Although self-regulation is a powerful behavior change tool, client may lapse. When coach promotes the principles of positive psychology and goal setting through the motivational interviewing process, the coach helps the client continue to improve self-efficacy, which supports behavior change.
Difference between coaching and psychotherapy.
Coaching and psychotherapy both are rooted in person-centered psychology. Today many therapists are now coaching or have practices where they concurrently are practicing both disciplines. Both coaching and psychotherapy take place in individual and group sessions. Both are catalyst for change driven by the desire of the client for improved health. Both use similar methods of inquiry. A clear difference between psychotherapy and coaching is therapy focuses on a problem while coaching focuses on the solution, driven by client’s inner strength and wisdom.
Difference between coaching and social work.
Social workers are skilled in the field of helping individuals overcome obstacles that inhibit their growth potential. Both coaching and social work fall under the mental health field. Coaching and social work have similar elements. Both practices rely on motivational interviewing. Both are focused on the client being the expert, and both work with the client without judgment allowing the client to be in the driver seat. The essential difference between social work and coaching is that social work is more oriented to the client’s relationship to community life and social ethics, whereas coaching is focused on an individual’s personal dreams, desires and goals.
Difference from traditional patient education.
The traditional approach to patient teaching and education is one that directs information "at" the patient. In essence, the goal is to have the patient do the things "prescribed" for them to do. Healthcare professionals have the knowledge about disease processes, exercise guidelines, special diets, and medications that must be imparted to the patient and caregivers in many forms: booklets, pamphlets, audio CD's,and the like.
Several Health Maintenance Organizations (HMO) are now using health coaches as a selling point for their health care services. Healthcare professionals that are entering the field of health coaching may include counselors, social workers, health education specialists, nutritionists, psychologists, nurses, respiratory therapists, physical therapists, pharmacists, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, nursing case managers, occupational therapists, and Oriental medicine practitioners.
Efficacy of Health Coaching.
Several studies have shown health coaching to be effective in improving various aspects of health. One study on type 2 diabetes concludes that after 6 months, individuals who were coached showed improvement in medication adherence. Coaching had a positive effect on patient’s knowledge, skill, self-efficacy and behavior change while an non-coached control group did not show any improvement. Additionally, coached participants with a hemoglobin A1C over 7% showed significant improvement in A1C.
A study on coronary heart disease indicated that patients in a coaching program achieved a significantly greater change in total cholesterol of 14 mg/dl than the non-coached patients, with a considerable reduction in LDL-C. Those involved in the coaching program showed improvements in secondary outcomes such as weight loss, increased exercise, improved quality of life, less anxiety, and improvement in overall health and mood.
Another study shows that telephonic coaching is an effective program for assisting individuals with self-efficacy and weight loss. Confidence to lose weight increased from a baseline of 60% to 3 months 71%, 6 months 76% and 12 months 79%. The average BMI significantly decreased during this interactive coaching study. Average Baseline was 32.1%, and then documented at 3 months (31.4%), 6 months (31.0%), 12 months (30.6%).
A study on tobacco cessation concluded that after 12 months, the coached participants had a 32% quit rate compared to 18% for nonparticipants. Those that participated in the program, who acknowledged that they were ready for change, had the highest rate of quitting at 44%. Additionally, 11% of participants who did not quit reported reduction in tobacco use. This is considered a positive outcome because other studies have shown that when individuals reduce their tobacco use they find increase motivation to quit in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="19060363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060363" title="Helmut Rosenbaum">
Helmut Rosenbaum

Helmut Rosenbaum (11 May 1913 – 10 May 1944) was a corvette captain (or lieutenant commander) in the German Navy of the Third Reich during World War II who commanded U-boat , and the 30th U-boat Flotilla. He received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. He is credited with the sinking of six ships for a total of and three warships.
Born in Döbeln, Rosenbaum joined the "Reichsmarine" (navy) of the Weimar Republic in 1932. After a period of training on surface vessels and service on various U-boats during the Spanish Civil War, he took command of his first U-boat in 1939. After torpedoing and sinking the HMS "Eagle" on 11 August 1942, Rosenbaum was appointed commander of the 30th U-boat Flotilla. He was killed in an aircraft crash on 10 May 1944.
Military career.
Helmut Rosenbaum began his naval career with the "Reichsmarine" on 15 August 1932 as a late for the year member of "Crew 1932" (the incoming class of 1932). He underwent basic military training in the 2nd department of the standing ship division of the Baltic Sea in Stralsund (15 August 1932 – 7 October 1932). Rosenbaum was then transferred to the training ship "Edith" (14 October 1932 – 21 October 1932), attaining the rank of "Seekadett" (midshipman) on 4 November 1932. Following a 14-month stay on board the light cruiser "Köln" (6 November 1932 – 2 January 1934) he advanced in rank to "Fähnrich zur See" (officer cadet) on 1 January 1934. Rosenbaum then underwent a number of officer training courses at the Naval Academy at Mürwik and Kiel-Wik, including navigational training cruises on the tender "Weser" and "Nordsee", before transferring to the cruiser "Königsberg" (19 April 1935 – 26 September 1935). Following his stay on "Königsberg" he was promoted to "Oberfähnrich zur See" (Senior Ensign) on 1 September 1935. Rosenbaum then attended more training courses, including a naval artillery course (27 September 1935 – 3 December 1935) and an anti U-boat defense course (4 December 1935 – 14 December 1935), before being posted to the cruiser "Nürnberg" (15 December 1935 – 11 October 1936). During this assignment Rosenbaum received his officer's commission holding the rank "Leutnant zur See" (Second Lieutenant) as of 1 January 1936. His stay on "Nürnberg" was interrupted in February and March to attend another training course at Kiel-Wik.
Rosenbaum then attended various torpedo courses at the torpedo school in Flensburg from mid October 1936 to end of January 1937. His U-boat training began on 1 February 1937 ending with his assignment as watch officer on in the Saltzwedel Flotilla on 3 April 1937. "U-35" at the time was under the command of Hans Rudolf Rösing.
From 6 August 1940 to 29 September 1940 he attended construction briefing at the Bremer Vulkan ship yard and commissioned "U-73" on 30 September 1940 after completing his first two war patrols on . He sank one ship on his first patrol on "U-73" in the North Atlantic.
On his second patrol (25 March 1941 – 24 April 1941) on "U-73" Rosenbaum departed from Lorient and attacked and sank five ships, returning to St. Nazaire after four weeks at sea. He attacked convoy SC 26 on 3 April 1941 sinking the "Alderpool", "Indier", "Westpool", and "British Viscount". This achievement earned Rosenbaum a reference on 4 April 1942 in the "Wehrmachtbericht" (armed forces report), an information bulletin issued by the headquarters of the Wehrmacht. To be singled out individually in this way was an honour and was entered in the Orders and Decorations' section of a soldier's Service Record Book. The British "Empire Endurance" was sunk on 20 April 1941.
In February 1942 "U-73" was heavily bombed during his first Mediterranean patrol but nevertheless managed to reach La Spezia. In August 1942, on his eighth and final patrol (4 August 1942 – 5 September 1942) on "U-73", Rosenbaum attempted an attack on convoy WS 21S of Operation Pedestal bound for Malta. On 11 August 1942 he made contact and fired four torpedoes at the aircraft carrier HMS "Eagle" sinking her in the engagement earning him the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross () on 12 August 1942 and a further reference in the "Wehrmachtbericht".
Following his command of "U-73" he took command of the 30th U-boat Flotilla on 1 October 1942. At the same time he held the position of "Admiralstabsoffizier" (Asto—officer of the admiralty staff) in the staff of the Admiral of the Black Sea. Helmut Rosenbaum was killed in an airplane crash on 10 May 1944 near Constanţa in Romania as commander of the 30th U-boat Flotilla. Rosenbaum was on his way to a meeting with the commanding admiral of the Black Sea. Rosenbaum was posthumously promoted to "Korvettenkapitän" (Corvette Captain) on 3 August 1944 with an effective date as of 1 May 1944.
Summary of career.
Ships attacked.
As a U-boat commander of Helmut Rosenbaum is credited with the sinking of six merchantmen for a total of , and three warships, the HMS "Eagle" on 11 August 1942, of , and two motor launches on board "Empire Endurance".

</doc>
<doc id="19060394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060394" title="Andreas Trautmann">
Andreas Trautmann

Andreas Trautmann (born 21 May 1959 in Dresden) is a former German footballer who played as a midfielder. Trautmann spent much of his career with Dynamo Dresden, for whom he played 270 games in the DDR-Oberliga (the third most for the club, behind Hans-Jürgen Dörner and Reinhard Häfner, respectively). During this time he earned 14 caps for East Germany, and won the silver medal at the 1980 Olympics. After reunification, Trautmann moved west, joining Fortuna Köln alongside teammates Matthias Döschner and Hans-Uwe Pilz, but it did not work out, and he was back at Dynamo Dresden within six months. He played out his career across town with Dresdner SC, before retiring in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19060398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060398" title="Ercole Gallegati">
Ercole Gallegati

Ercole Gallegati (November 21, 1911 – August 19, 1990) was an Italian wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Gallegati competed at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles where he received a bronze medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "welterweight" class.
He received a bronze medal in the "middleweight" class at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19060409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060409" title="WIAMIS">
WIAMIS

WIAMIS (Workshop on Image Analysis for Multimedia Interactive Services) is one of the main international forum for the presentation and discussion of the latest technological advances in interactive multimedia services.

</doc>
<doc id="19060414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060414" title="Bothrops campbelli">
Bothrops campbelli

Bothrops campbelli is a venomous pitviper species endemic to South America. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Etymolgy.
"Bothrops campbelli" was named in honor of American herpetologist Jonathan A. Campbell.
Description.
The sizes of the specimens available range from the type specimen, an adult male 87.0 cm (34¼ inches) in total length (Freire-Lascano, 1991), to 105.7 cm (41⅝ in) for a large gravid female (Freire-Lascano and Kuch, 2000), to 121.9 cm (48 in) for a specimen from Imbabura, Ecuador, and another of 123.0 cm (48⅜ in) from the type locality.
The scalation includes 21-25 (usually 23) rows of dorsal scales at midbody, all of which are keeled except for the first rows. The posterior dorsals have tubercular keels, even in small specimens, while in large specimens these keels are highly elevated. There are 152-167/159-177 ventral scales in males/females and 51-64/48-60 paired subcaudal scales in males/females. On the head there are 3-8 intersupraocular scales, 7-8 supralabial scales, the second of which is usually fused with the prelacunal to form a lacunolabial, and 9-10 (usually 9) sublabial scales.
Geographic range.
Found in the Pacific lowlands and slopes from west-central Colombia to Ecuador. The type locality given is "Recinto Huagal-Sacramento, cantón Pallatanga, Provincia de Chimborazo, Ecuador. 1500-2000 mts. de altura feet".
Taxonomy.
In previous accounts, this species has often been included in "Bothrops pulcher", e.g. "Lachesis pulcher" (Boulenger, 1896), "Bothrops pulchra" (Amaral, 1923), and "Bothrops pulcher" (J.Peters and Orejas-Miranda, 1970). Campbell and Lamar (1992) considered "Bothrops campbelli" to be a junior synonym of "Bothrops pulcher", but their concept of latter taxon was incorrect. Schätti and Kramer (1993) argued that "Bothrops campbelli" (Freire-Lascano, 1991) was a "nomen invalidum" and suggested a new name, "Porthidium almawebi", as a replacement. However, it is clear that Freire-Lascano's (1991) name is valid and has priority over the one proposed by Schätti and Kramer (1993).
Gutberlet and Campbell (2001) moved this taxon to a new genus: "Bothrocophias" (toadheaded pitvipers).

</doc>
<doc id="19060422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060422" title="Pyrausta cingulata">
Pyrausta cingulata

The Silver-barred Sable ("Pyrausta cingulata") is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 14–18 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.
The larvae probably feed on Thymus polytrichus.

</doc>
<doc id="19060426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060426" title="Dominicus Nagell Lemvig Brun">
Dominicus Nagell Lemvig Brun

Dominicus Nagell Lemvig Brun (1 November 1790 – 20 February 1874) was a Norwegian military officer and politician.
He was born in Aafjorden to Ole Brun and his wife Catharina Hedevig Thombsen. He married Christine Lund Finckenhagen in 1816.
He was a military officer by profession. He was also elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1845, 1848 and 1851, representing the constituency of "Romsdals Amt". Before the latter term he had been promoted from Captain to Lieutenant Colonel.
After retirement, he moved to Strinda. He died there.

</doc>
<doc id="19060429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060429" title="Fort Myers Royals">
Fort Myers Royals

The Fort Myers Royals were a minor league affiliate of the Kansas City Royals. In 1978 the Royals were brought to Fort Myers, Florida by the Kansas City franchise. This was because Fort Myers served as the spring training home of the Kansas City Royals. The Royals were a Single A Florida State League franchise. The team played at Terry Park Ballfield from 1978 until 1987. In 1985 the Royals won the Florida League Championship. Kevin Seitzer and Bret Saberhagen were members of that Fort Myers Royals team. The team was disbanded in 1988 when the Major League Baseball franchise left Fort Myers for Haines City, Florida and began play at Baseball City Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="19060431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060431" title="National Council for Building a Better Fiji">
National Council for Building a Better Fiji

The National Council for Building a Better Fiji (NCBBF) is an organisation established in 2007 by the government of Fiji. Its task is to prepare the People's Charter for Change, Peace and Progress proposed by interim Prime Minister Commodore Voreqe Bainimarama, who came to power in a military coup in December 2006.
The Council is intended to be "broadly representative of Fiji society (including leaders and representatives from the civil society including NGOs, the private sector, religious and community organisations, employers/workers and youth organisations, and the political parties)". It is co-chaired by Commodore Bainimarama and by Archbishop Petero Mataca, head of the Catholic Church in Fiji.
Officially, the NCBBF's work on the Charter is overseen by an independent monitoring group, which reports directly to President Ratu Josefa Iloilo. The monitoring group is chaired by Sela Molisa, a member of the Parliament of Vanuatu. Reverend Amy Chambers is also a member of the monitoring group. The NCBBF itself is composed of three task teams:
On 5 August 2008, the NCBBF announced that it had endorsed a draft Charter document, which was to be released shortly thereafter. Fijilive reported that the NCBBF planned to "gauge the views of the people on the draft Charter via a public awareness campaign over the next six weeks". Meetings would be held in public venues, the Charter would be advertised in the media, and there would be "consultations by public relations teams at grassroots level in all the villages and settlements throughout the country".

</doc>
<doc id="19060452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060452" title="Mixed-design analysis of variance">
Mixed-design analysis of variance

In statistics, a mixed-design analysis of variance model (also known as a split-plot ANOVA) is used to test for differences between two or more independent groups whilst subjecting participants to repeated measures. Thus, in a mixed-design ANOVA model, one factor (a fixed effects factor) is a between-subjects variable and the other (a random effects factor) is a within-subjects variable. Thus, overall, the model is a type of mixed effect model.
A repeated measures design is used when multiple independent variables or measures exist in a data set, but all participants have been measured on each variable.
An example.
Andy Field (2009) provided an example of a mixed-design ANOVA in which he wants to investigate whether personality or attractiveness is the most important quality for individuals seeking a partner. In his example, there is a speed dating event set up in which there are two sets of what he terms “stooge dates”: a set of males and a set of females. The experimenter selects 18 individuals, 9 males and 9 females to play stooge dates. Stooge dates are individuals who are chosen by the experimenter and they vary in attractiveness and personality. For males and females, there are three highly attractive individuals, three moderately attractive individuals, and three highly unattractive individuals. Of each set of three, one individual has a highly charismatic personality, one is moderately charismatic and the third is extremely dull. 
The participants are the individuals who sign up for the speed dating event and interact with each of the 9 individuals of the opposite sex. There are 10 males and 10 female participants. After each date, they rate on a scale of 0 to 100 how much they would like to have a date with that person, with a zero indicating “not at all” and 100 indicating “very much”. 
The repeated measures are looks, which consist of three levels (very attractive, moderately attractive, and highly unattractive) and the personality, which again has three levels (highly charismatic, moderately charismatic, and extremely dull). The between-subjects measure is gender because the participants making the ratings were either female or male.
ANOVA assumptions.
When running an analysis of variance to analyse a data set, the data set should meet the following criteria:
(1) Normality: scores for each condition must be normally distributed around their mean.
(2) Homogeneity of variance: each population must have the same error variance.
(3) Sphericity of the covariance matrix: ensures the F ratios match the F distribution
For the between-subject effects to meet the assumptions of the analysis of variance, the variance for any level of a group must be the same as the variance for the mean of all other levels of the group. When there is homogeneity of variance, sphericity of the covariance matrix will occur, because for between-subjects independence has been maintained.
For the within-subject effects, it is important to ensure normality and homogeneity of variance are not being violated.
If the assumptions are violated, a possible solution is to use the Greenhouse & Geisser or the Huynh & Feldt adjustments to the degrees of freedom because they can correct for issues that can arise should the sphericity of the covariance matrix assumption be violated.
Partitioning the sums of squares & the logic of ANOVA.
Due to the fact that the mixed-design ANOVA uses both between-subject variables and within-subject variables (a.k.a repeated measures), it is necessary to partition out (or separate) the between-subject effects and the within-subject effects. It is as if you are running two separate ANOVAs with the same data set, except that it is possible to examine the interaction of the two effects in a mixed design. As can be seen in the source table provided below, the between-subject variables can be partitioned into the main effect of the first factor and into the error term. The within-subjects terms can be partitioned into three terms: the second (within-subjects) factor, the interaction term for the first and second factors, and the error term. The main difference between the sum of squares of the within-subject factors and between-subject factors is that within-subject factors have an interaction factor.
More specifically, the total sum of squares in a regular one-way ANOVA would consist of two parts: variance due to treatment or condition (SSbetween-subjects) and variance due to error (SSwithin-subjects). Normally the SSwithin-subjects is a measurement of variance. In a mixed-design, you are taking repeated measures from the same participants and therefore the sum of squares can be broken down even further into three components: SSwithin-subjects (variance due to being in different repeated measure conditions), SSerror (other variance), and SSBT*WT (variance of interaction of between-subjects by within-subjects conditions).
Each effect has its own "F" value. Both the between-subject and within-subject factors have their own MSerror term which is used to calculate separate "F" values.
Between-subjects:
Within-subjects:
Analysis of variance table.
Results are often presented in a table of the following form.
Degrees of freedom.
In order to calculate the degrees of freedom for between-subjects effects, dfBS = R – 1, where R refers to the number of levels of between-subject groups.
In the case of the degrees of freedom for the between-subject effects error, dfBS(Error) = Nk – R, where Nk is equal to the number of participants, and again R is the number of levels.
To calculate the degrees of freedom for within-subject effects, dfWS = C – 1, where C is the number of within-subject tests. For example, if participants completed a specific measure at three time points, C = 3, and dfWS = 2.
The degrees of freedom for the interaction term of between-subjects by within-subjects term(s), dfBSXWS = (R – 1)(C – 1), where again R refers to the number of levels of the between-subject groups, and C is the number of within-subject tests.
Finally, the within-subject error is calculated by, dfWS(Error) = (Nk – R)(C – 1), in which Nk is the number of participants, R and C remain the same.
Follow-up tests.
When there is a significant interaction between a between-subject factor and a within-subject factor, statisticians often recommended pooling the between-subject and within-subject MSerror terms. This can be calculated in the following way:
MSWCELL = SSBSError + SSWSError / dfBSError + dfWSError
When following up interactions for terms that are both between-subjects or both within-subjects variables, the method is identical to follow-up tests in ANOVA. The MSError term that applies to the follow-up in question is the appropriate one to use, e.g. if following up a significant interaction of two between-subject effects, use the MSError term from between-subjects. See ANOVA.

</doc>
<doc id="19060468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060468" title="Pyrausta despicata">
Pyrausta despicata

Pyrausta despicata, common name Straw-barred Pearl, is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.
Description.
The wingspan of "Pyrausta despicata" can reach 14–19 mm. The wings are brown or greysh, with quite variable pale brown markings. The moth flies from May to September depending on the location, in two generations. It is active in the sunshine and at dusk. The larvae feed on Plantago lanceolata and Plantago major.
Distribution.
"Pyrausta despicata" is present in most of Europe.
Habitat.
This moth prefers chalky and limestone habitats.

</doc>
<doc id="19060484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060484" title="Goldbug (band)">
Goldbug (band)

Goldbug were a British band in the 1990s. Formed in Brighton in 1995 by a former member of the Beatmasters, Richard Walmsley and DJ Adil Magik, with a session vocalist, Sandy McKenzie, who was recruited through an advertisement in "Melody Maker". 
Goldbug are best remembered for a #3 hit single with a cover of Led Zeppelin's "Whole Lotta Love", also sampling "Asteroid" (the Pearl & Dean theme tune) released on the Acid Jazz label, which hit the UK Singles Chart on 20 January 1996, but only stayed for 5 weeks. The track was featured on "Now That's What I Call Music! 33", and the band made their sole appearance on Top of the Pops on 25 January 1996, performing it.
The band's name was taken from a computer virus. Adil Magik left the band after musical differences with Walmsley at the end of 1996. Their sole follow-up single, "Real Hip Mary", failed to reach the top 75 in 1997. 
In 2000, Walmsley sued Acid Jazz over unpaid royalties relating to the "Whole Lotta Love" single. He was successful, receiving many thousands of pounds. Due to the royalty disputes, McKenzie received no money from the band's short existence.

</doc>
<doc id="19060488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060488" title="Alfred Walter Williams">
Alfred Walter Williams

Alfred Walter Williams (18 July 1824 - 16 December 1905) was an English landscape painter during the Victorian era, and a member of the Williams family of painters.
Biography.
Alfred Walter Williams was born on July 18, 1824 in Southwark, London, one of identical twins; the second twin, Charles dying shortly after birth. He was the sixth son of the painter Edward Williams (1781-1855) and Ann Hildebrandt (c.1780-1851), and a member of the Williams family of painters, who were related to such famous artists as James Ward, R.A. and George Morland. His father was a well-known landscape artist, who taught him how to paint; otherwise he received no formal instruction. 
Alfred's work was first accepted by the Royal Academy in 1843, after which he regularly exhibited there, until 1890. Like his siblings he also exhibited at the Society of British Artists, renamed the Royal Society of British Artists in 1887. With the improved fortunes of Edward Williams' family, they moved in 1846 from Cromer Street to 32 Castlenau, Barnes in Surrey. There the large coach house was put to use as a family studio. The house exists to this day as 92 Castlenau. With the growing fame of the family they were known as the "Williams School of painters" or simply as the "Barnes School". Alfred had a close friendship with his brother Sidney Richard Percy and bride, and he boarded with them in 1857 for a while at their home "Florence Villa", in Wimbledon.
Alfred Williams exhibited at the Royal Academy from 1843-1891 and works exhibited included scenes of the Thames, 
Around 1860 Alfred settled in Reigate in Surrey. He is recorded in the 1861 census as boarding with Mr and Mrs Fitzsimon and in 1870 was at Mead Vale in Redhill, Surrey. In 1895 he had moved to 40 Croydon Road, Reigate, close to his brother, Arthur Gilbert who lived in Limpsfield. He died at 31 Francis Road, Croydon.
The Williams Family.
Alfred Walter Williams was born into an artist family that is sometimes referred to as the Barnes School. His father and five surviving brothers (listed below) were all noted Victorian landscape painters. Three of the sons of Edward Williams changed their last names to protect the identity of their art.
Art.
Alfred Walter Williams produced grand and romantic landscapes in the best tradition of the Williams family, which through their popularity became the most successful Victorian family of painters. Alfred became a founder member of the Holmesdale Fine Arts Club, prominent in Reigate from around 1865. He counted amongst his friends Charles Davidson RWS (1820–1902) and a number of other noted artists including Samuel Palmer and the Linnell family.
Wales, Scotland and Italy. He was a landscape painter in oils and occasionally watercolor and painted in a similar style to his brother Sidney Percy. According to Graves Dictionary, he exhibited 76 works at the Royal Academy, 42 at the British Institution, 79 at Suffolk Street, 4 at the New Watercolor Society and 108 at various other London exhibitions. One of his paintings is in the Victoria & Albert Museum.
The many auction listings for ALFRED WILLIAMS, may be found at artnet.com (93 listings), findartinfo.com (49) and artprice.com (103) etc. His works are also often found in Hislop's Guide to the UK Art Market. His oils reach the thousands, can be found on auction house like Christie's. More biographical information may be found in The Dictionary of Victorian Painters by Christopher Wood, The Dictionary of British Artists, and British Watercolor Artists by Mallalieu.

</doc>
<doc id="19060489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060489" title="Ulrik Arneberg">
Ulrik Arneberg

Ulrik Arneberg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19060492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060492" title="SAS language">
SAS language

The SAS language is a computer programming language used for statistical analyses, created by SAS Institute Inc. It can read in data from common spreadsheets and databases and output the results of statistical analyses in tables, graphs, and as RTF, HTML and PDF documents. SAS runs on Microsoft Windows, Linux, and various mainframe computers.

</doc>
<doc id="19060493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060493" title="Opawica">
Opawica

Opawica (, , Silesian: "Troplowice") is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce, near the border with the Czech Republic. 

</doc>
<doc id="19060498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060498" title="Saracen Foundry">
Saracen Foundry

The Saracen Foundry was the better-known name for the Possilpark, Glasgow–based foundry company W MacFarlane & Co. Ltd, founded and owned by Walter MacFarlane. MacFarlane's was the most important manufacturer of ornamental ironwork in Scotland.
Walter Macfarlane.
Walter Macfarlane I was born in Torrance of Campsie, near Glasgow in 1817. He worked for the jeweller William Russell, before serving an apprenticeship with blacksmith James Buchanan. He then spent a decade working for Moses, McCulloch & Co's Cumberland Foundry in Stockwell Street.
With his own main home at 22 Park Circus, Glasgow, Macfarlane became a prominent figure in local politics, becoming the President of the Glasgow Liberal Association and a City Councillor. He died in 1885, and is buried in Glasgow Necropolis cemetery.
Saracen Foundry.
MacFarlane, with partners Thomas Russell and James Marshall, incorporated W MacFarlane & Co. Ltd in 1850. They set up a foundry works in Saracen Lane, behind the Saracen Head Inn, in the Gallowgate. In 1862 the business relocated briefly to Washington Street.
Possilpark.
But the business kept growing, and MacFarlane need a vast area of land on which to build both a foundry and a village-styled infrastructure on which to house his workforce. He agreed a deal with the son of Colonel Alexander Campbell of Possil to buy of his Possil estate in the mid-1860s, including the main estate house where Sir Archibald Alison, 1st Baronet the Sheriff of Lanarkshire resided, on which to build a his new foundry works.
MacFarlane oversaw the removal of all the trees, creating the foundry on , with its main gates at 73 Hawthorn Street. After creating railway access to his foundry from both the North British Railway and the Hamiltonhill Branch of the Caledonian Railway, MacFarlane laid out the rest of the park land as streets and houses, including naming the street fronting his factory "Saracen Street."
MacFarlane renamed the location Possilpark, which went from being residence to 10 people in 1872, to 10,000 in less than two decades later in 1891. The developing layout of Possilpark was described by the then Glasgow Town Council as: "Their work is one of the finest and best conducted in Glasgow, and the new suburb of Possil Park, laid out by them with skill and intelligence, is rapidly becoming an important addition to the great city." Ironically, the foundry's pollution earned Macfarlane the nickname "the Laird of Fossiltown."
Design led expansion.
Having joined the firm in 1871, in 1880 Macfarlane's nephew, Walter Macfarlane II (1853–1932), became a partner. On succeeding to the position of owner at the death of his uncle, the young MacFarlane set about making design and standardisation the key to the company's development.
Subsequently, the Saracen Foundry made to a set of standard designs, a series of decorative iron works, from railings, drinking fountains, bandstands, street lamps, pre-fabricated buildings and architectural features. To achieve the design edge they required, the firm employed the best Glasgow architects, including John Burnet, James A Ewing, James Sellars, and Alexander 'Greek' Thomson. James Boucher was commissioned to design the show rooms of the Possilpark foundry as a gigantic showcase for the products, complete with a glass and iron dome and elaborate decorative castings on its Gothic gateway. The works were exported all over the British Empire, and can still be found in abundance in many parts of North Glasgow.
Macfarlane's most celebrated work is the Saracen Fountain in Alexandra Park, Glasgow, which they gave to the city after exhibiting it in the grounds of the 1901 Glasgow International Exhibition. Designed by D W Stevenson, and using casts of the figures around his earlier 1878 statue of John Platt in Oldham, the fountain featured in the firm's advertising. Copies were later commissioned and erected in: Town Hall Park, Warrington (destroyed for the war effort, 1942; a model version in silver is in the collection of Warrington Borough Council); and the Sammy Marks fountain in the National Zoological Gardens, Pretoria, South Africa.
In the 1860s, John Kibble designed a conservatory for his home at Coulport on Loch Long. However, after production at the Saracen Foundry, it was shipped up the River Clyde by barge to the Glasgow Botanic Gardens, and fully erected at its current location in 1873 by Boyd of Paisley. The Kibble Palace building structure is of curved wrought iron and glass supported by cast iron beams resting on ornate columns, surmounted on masonry foundations. It was initially used as an exhibition and concert venue, before being used for growing plants from the 1880s. Benjamin Disraeli and William Ewart Gladstone were both installed as rectors of the University of Glasgow in the palace, in 1873 and 1879 respectively - its last use as a public events venue, before becoming wholly used for the cultivation of temperate plants. The main plant group is the collection of Australian tree ferns, some of which have lived here for 120 years. In 2004 a £7 million restoration programme was initiated, which involved the complete dismantling of the Palace, and the removal of the parts to Shafton, South Yorkshire for specialised repair and conservation.
Owing to their earlier tie-ins with the architectural trade, between the two world wars Saracen Foundry produced many cast iron panels for commercial buildings, including the former Union Bank on Vincent Street (1924-7); Selfridges in London (1928) and the Art Deco Burton's on Argyle Street (1930). However, the Second World War wreaked havoc on Possilpark in two ways: firstly, by making its industrial works a vast and well-lit target; and secondly when the Minister of Supply and the Ministry of Production made the recovery of iron a key component in increasing war production, removing much of the footprint of Saracen's contribution to the world.
Collapse.
After the war, the combination of the collapse of the British Empire, the move away from steam power and the adaptation of new designs and materials meant a vast decline in orders for Saracen's standard designs. The MacFarlane company moved into standard foundry work, including being one of five foundries casting Sir Giles Gilbert Scott's classic K6 Telephone box for Post Office Telephones. 
MacFarlane's was taken over by Allied Founders in 1965, which was itself absorbed by Glynwed Ltd. Possilpark was by this time under invested and rather decrepit, and so the works closed and the infrastructure demolished in 1967. The site is now occupied by Allied Vehicles and Possilpark Industrial Estate.
Locations to see Saracen Foundry pieces.
Owing to the long duration of the factory's life, and the wide distribution of their works, Saracen Foundry pieces can be seen in most part of the world. Those of note include:
Locations to see replicas of Saracen Foundry pieces.
The crestings at Kidderminster Town railway station on the Severn Valley Railway are modern replicas. The patterns for the castings were produced by measurement of broken remnants of those similar ones recovered from Ross-on-Wye railway station shortly after it was demolished. At the request of the structural engineer for Kidderminster Town railway station the replicas were produced in aluminium. 
These are of a similar pattern to those on parts of Slough Railway station and HSBC Bank in Derby. Some Royal Coats of Arms can be see in former HM Customs & Excise Offices. The Pembroke Dock Custom House, now HMRC and UKBA, has two examples, One originates from Fishguard Custom House and the other from Milford Haven Custom House.

</doc>
<doc id="19060505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060505" title="Johan Lauritz Rasch">
Johan Lauritz Rasch

Johan Lauritz Rasch (1829–1901) was a Norwegian jurist and politician.
He resided in Frederikshald, where he worked as an attorney and later stipendiary magistrate ("byfoged"). He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1871 and 1880, representing his city.
When Carl Sibbern died in 1880, Rasch was appointed County Governor of "Smaalenenes Amt" (today named Østfold). He held the position to 1890, and died in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="19060519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060519" title="Tsarev Brod">
Tsarev Brod

Tsarev Brod (; also transliterated "Carev Brod", "Tzarev Brod", "Zarev Brod", "royal ford") is a village in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Shumen municipality, Shumen Province. As of 2008, it has a population of 1,344[http://grao.bg/tna/tab02.txt] and the mayor is Stefan Zhivkov. The village lies at , 224 metres above mean sea level in the eastern stretches of the Danubian Plain. Until 1934, its name was "Endzhe" or "Enidzhe" (from ).
In the 1920s, Tsarev Brod had a diverse, even cosmopolitan population, including 50 German families, Bulgarians (with some Banat Bulgarians and some refugees from Macedonia), Tatars, Turks, Russians, Hungarians, Albanians and Armenians.
The Germans had come from what are today Ukraine (Molotschna/Halbstadt, Stepove/Karlsruhe), Romania (Valilej, Ianova/Margitfalva, Voiteg/Wojteg), Serbia (Ravni Topolovac/Katalinfalva, Novi Sad) and Hungary (Fegyvernek) beginning in the late 19th century, buying lots from Turks who were moving back to the Ottoman Empire. The Germans built a Roman Catholic church (1910), founded a Franciscan nunnery and a German-Bulgarian junior high school (1914). In the 1940s, the German community consisted of 74 families; however, the bulk of them were resettled to Germany according to Nazi Germany's "Heim ins Reich" policy. Only a few remained, such as the Hummel family residing in Shumen, as well as one or two nuns. The nunnery exists to this day, populated by a dozen nuns from Bulgaria, Germany, the Philippines and South Korea.
The only medieval Cuman stone figures discovered in Bulgaria were found near Tsarev Brod; they most likely date to the 12th century.[http://liternet.bg/publish13/p_pavlov/buntari/skitski.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="19060524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060524" title="Gomphidius glutinosus">
Gomphidius glutinosus

Gomphidius glutinosus, commonly known as the slimy spike-cap, is a gilled mushroom found in Europe. Although it has gills, it is a member of the order Boletales, along with the boletes. The fruiting bodies sprout in pine, fir and spruce woodland in Europe in autumn. Initially, are completely covered with a slimy veil, breaking through to reveal a greyish or brownish-capped mushroom with decurrent greyish gills which sometimes resembles a child's top. Opinions differ on the suitability of this mushroom for the table, some guides hold it in high regard, while others view it with caution.
Taxonomy.
"Gomphidius glutinosus" was initially described by German mycologist Jacob Christian Schäffer as "Agaricus glutinosus" in 1774, before the father of mycology Elias Magnus Fries gave it its current genus and binomial name in 1838. The genus name is derived from the Greek 'γομφος' "gomphos" meaning "plug" or "large wedge-shaped nail". The specific epithet "glutinosus" is the Latin adjective "sticky".
Alternate common names in Germany are "Kuhmaul" "cow snout", and "Rotzer".
Description.
Said to resemble a child's top, the mushroom has a dark brownish or greyish cap up to 12 cm (4.5 in) in diameter; it has a central boss and an inrolled margin, and is initially convex and later flattens and may develop blackish markings. As with other members of the genus, the whole mushroom is often covered with slimy or sticky veil when young. The fungus tears free of the veil as it grows, leaving some strands and an indistinct ring. The stipe is 3.5–10 cm (1.4–4 in) high and 1–2 cm wide, and is white with a greyish tint and often flushed yellow at the base. The whitish flesh may have a wine-coloured tinge and has little taste or smell. The widely spaced decurrent gills are waxy in texture, with a hairy surface from the cystidia. Sometimes branched, they are initially whitish, then grey and later blackening with spores, and the spore print is brownish-black. The large spores are spindle-shaped and measure 17–20 μm long by 5.5–6 μm wide. 
Brownish specimens may be mistaken at a glance for "Suillus luteus", but a quick look under the cap will see there are gills rather than pores. Another similar species is "Hygrophorus hypothejus", found in similar habitat though with yellow gills which do not separate from the cap.
Distribution and habitat.
"Gomphidius glutinosus" is found in Europe, where it occurs in autumn under pine and fir trees, both in natural woods and plantations, generally singularly or scattered. Fruiting bodies sprout in the autumn.
Ecology.
Like other members of the family Gomphidiaceae, "Gomphidius glutinosus " has been thought to be ectomycorrhizal, forming symbiotic relationship with their host trees. However, there is now evidence that many (and perhaps all) species in this group are parasitic upon ectomycorrhizal boletes, in relationships that are often highly species-specific, such as "Gomphidius roseus" upon "Suillus bovinus".
Two specimens of "Gomphidius glutinosus" were found in Brechfa Forest on the 25th Of July 2009. The only boletus to be found in the vicinity was "Suillus grevillei".
"G. glutinosus" is a "hyper-accumulating" fungus that absorbs and concentrates elements such as cesium more than 10,000-fold over background levels. This property can be used to decontaminate sites contaminated with radioactive cesium-137.
Edibility.
Opinions differ on the suitability of this mushroom for the table, some guides hold it in high regard, while others view it with caution. "Gomphidius glutinosus " has a mild flavour well-suited for cooking with other mushrooms, and in soups and stews. It not suited for drying. Removing the slime and skin of the cap is recommended as soon as possible after picking. Maggots only rarely attack this species.

</doc>
<doc id="19060537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060537" title="DZTV-AM">
DZTV-AM

DZTV-AM (1386 kHz Metro Manila) Radyo Budyong is an AM music radio station owned and operated by Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation based in Quezon City in the Philippines.
Formerly owned by Prime Broadcasting Network named Radyo Karera, which owns Karrera TV, it had a simulcast of horse racings. It became inactive since mid-2007.
Recently, Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation has bought this station, 2 years after DWAN was sold to MMDA and was branded as MMDA Traffic Radio 1206, and started its test broadcast around October 2008. But until now, this station is inactive.

</doc>
<doc id="19060556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060556" title="Guido Fantoni">
Guido Fantoni

Guido Fantoni (February 4, 1919 - December 28, 1974) is an Italian wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Fantoni competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London where he received a bronze medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "heavyweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19060578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060578" title="He Zhuoqiang">
He Zhuoqiang

Total
Total
He Zhuoqiang (Chinese: 何灼强; born: 12 January 1967) is a male Chinese weightlifter. He competed at 1988 Seoul Olympics, and won a bronze medal in men's 52 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="19060584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060584" title="Pyrausta purpuralis">
Pyrausta purpuralis

Pyrausta purpuralis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe. The species closely resembles "Pyrausta aurata".
The wingspan is ca. 20 mm. The moth flies from May to September depending on the location. The species is active during the day.
The larvae feed on Mint.

</doc>
<doc id="19060619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060619" title="Adelmo Bulgarelli">
Adelmo Bulgarelli

Adelmo Bulgarelli (born March 23, 1932) is an Italian wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Bulgarelli competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne where he received a bronze medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "heavyweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19060622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060622" title="Pyrausta sanguinalis">
Pyrausta sanguinalis

The Scarce Crimson and Gold ("Pyrausta sanguinalis") is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found across western Europe as far east as southern Finland. In the British Isles it was formerly found at multiple coastal locations in NW England and Scotland, however it has now much declined and it is restricted to a few locations in Northern Ireland and a single site on the Isle of Man.
The wingspan is 14–18 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Common sage, Rosemary and Thyme.

</doc>
<doc id="19060674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060674" title="Pyrausta ostrinalis">
Pyrausta ostrinalis

Pyrausta ostrinalis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 15–21 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="19060677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060677" title="He Yingqiang">
He Yingqiang

He Yingqiang (Chinese: 何英强; born 1965) is a male Chinese weightlifter. He competed at 1988 Seoul Olympics and won a silver medal in Men's 52–56 kg. 4 years later, He won a bronze medal at 1992 Barcelona Olympics in Men's 56–60 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="19060693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060693" title="Rahim Blak">
Rahim Blak

Rahim Blak (born 1983) is a Macedonian contemporary artist in Kraków as well as a group of Polish artists who create work using the same pseudonym. Rahim is part of a group advocating the creation of the new Al-Fan Center of Islamic Culture that is planned to be built in Salwator. The artistic group, composed of art academy students, attribute their art to Blak.

</doc>
<doc id="19060708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060708" title="VYPE High School Sports Magazine">
VYPE High School Sports Magazine

Based in Dallas, Texas, VYPE High School Sports is a multimedia sports brand dedicated to publishing created and curated programming across content ecosystems and technologies. 
Publisher of the nation's largest & most successful high school sports magazines and fastest growing high school sports news websites, VYPE celebrates student-athletes accomplishments while providing valuable resource information for families. 
A nationwide media network of publishers, reporters, writers, special contributors and affiliates, VYPE seeks to capture the high school sports experience in its purest form through in-depth coverage and real-time content, featuring authentic local views in communities large and small across the U.S. 
VYPE's audience is typical of what one might see in the stands and bleachers on game day -- families, fans, parents, students, athletes and coaches, who love high school sports competition. VYPE publishes magazine-style content across a somewhat unique and sophisticated media distribution ecosystem for prep sports including; Responsive, Geo-Optimized Sports News Websites, Full Color Print & Digital Sports News Magazines, Extensive Social Media Networks, Live Streaming Broadcasts and Informative Events, Competitions and Seminars. 
VYPE currently publishes in the following markets (by DMA rank):
TEXAS: Statewide, Dallas-Fort Worth, Houston, Southeast Texas
CALIFORNIA: Statewide
FLORIDA: Statewide
GEORGIA: Statewide
INDIANA: Central Indiana
OKLAHOMA: Statewide, Oklahoma City, Tulsa, Enid, Muskogee, Lawton, McAlester
KENTUCKY: Greater Louisville 
ARKANSAS: Statewide 
KANSAS: Central Kansas
History.
"High School Sports The Magazine" was founded by local businessman, Lynn Mitchell in early 2005 with a desire to cover all high school sports sports in and around Tulsa, Oklahoma. The first magazine was published in August 2005. In August 2006, innovative entrepreneur Kevin Hern acquired High School Sports The Magazine, LLC. and quickly launched magazines in markets such as Oklahoma City and Fayetteville, Arkansas.
2007 heralded the company's largest expansion and investment with new markets including Texas, Kansas, Indiana, Kentucky and North Carolina. 
In 2008, the Oklahoma and Arkansas markets produced the "First Annual Statewide Football Preview" issues which remain in production today
The magazine underwent a re-branding to VYPE High School Sports Magazine in June 2008. At the time, VYPE was explained as a mash-up of the words Varsity and Hype. An updated iteration to Varsity Youth Performing revealed a more suitable synonym for the proclaimed online community of athletes, parents, and fans at VYPE.com.
In 2010, VYPE signed a content population agreement with iHigh.com, a technology based company founded by Jim Host of Host Communications. All VYPE markets used the iHigh.com 3rd party web platform exclusively from January 2010 until July 2013, becoming one of iHigh's largest producer of original and curated content. 
In August of 2012, VYPE tapped its Dallas-Fort Worth Publisher, JD Sanders of FTG Media, to drive the company's vision and expansion into new markets. To leverage the brand's strength and integrity, the development of a completely new proprietary web platform using advanced digital publishing technology and social media integration was prescribed to capitalize on VYPE's vast content and continued rise of prep sports' popularity. 
VYPE.com 5.0 launched in August, 2013, and Sanders was named President of VYPE Media. 
Editorial Policies.
VYPE Media always has adhered to a number of editorial principles including:

</doc>
<doc id="19060709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060709" title="Influence diagrams approach">
Influence diagrams approach

Influence Diagrams Approach (IDA) is a technique used in the field of Human reliability Assessment (HRA), for the purposes of evaluating the probability of a human error occurring throughout the completion of a specific task. From such analyses measures can then be taken to reduce the likelihood of errors occurring within a system and therefore lead to an improvement in the overall levels of safety. There exist three primary reasons for conducting an HRA; error identification, error quantification and error reduction. As there exist a number of techniques used for such purposes, they can be split into one of two classifications; first generation techniques and second generation techniques. First generation techniques work on the basis of the simple dichotomy of ‘fits/doesn’t fit’ in the matching of the error situation in context with related error identification and quantification and second generation techniques are more theory based in their assessment and quantification of errors. ‘HRA techniques have been utilised in a range of industries including healthcare, engineering, nuclear, transportation and business sector; each technique has varying uses within different disciplines.
An Influence diagram(ID) is essentially a graphical representation of the probabilistic interdependence between Performance Shaping Factors (PSFs), factors which pose a likelihood of influencing the success or failure of the performance of a task. The approach originates from the field of decision analysis and uses expert judgement in its formulations. It is dependent upon the principal of human reliability and results from the combination of factors such as organisational and individual factors, which in turn combine to provide an overall influence. There exists a chain of influences in which each successive level affects the next. The role of the ID is to depict these influences and the nature of the interrelationships in a more comprehensible format. In this way, the diagram may be used to represent the shared beliefs of a group of experts on the outcome of a particular action and the factors that may or may not influence that outcome. For each of the identified influences quantitative values are calculated, which are then used to derive final Human Error Probability (HEP) estimates.
Background.
IDA is a decision analysis based framework which is developed through eliciting expert judgement through group workshops. Unlike other first generation HRA, IDA explicitly considers the inter-dependency of operator and organisational PSFs. The IDA approach was first outlined by Howard and Matheson and then developed specifically for the nuclear industry by Embrey et al. [2.
IDA Methodology.
The IDA methodology is conducted in a series of 10 steps as follows:
1. "Describe all relevant conditioning events"
Experts who have sufficient knowledge of the situation under evaluation form a group; in depth knowledge is essential for the technique to be used to its optimal potential. The chosen individuals include a range of experts - typically those with first hand experience in the operational context under consideration – such as plant supervisors, reliability assessors, human factor specialists and designers. The group collectively assesses and gradually develops a representation of the most significant influences which will affect the success of the situation. The resultant diagram is useful in that it identifies both immediate and underlying influences of the considered factors with regards their effect on the situation under assessment and upon one another.
2. "Refine the target event definition"
The event which is the basis of the assessment requires to be defined as tightly as possible.
3. "Balance of Evidence"
The next stage is to select a middle-level event in the situation and using each of the bottom level influences, assess the weight of evidence, also known as the ‘balance of evidence’; this represents expert analysis of the likelihood that a specific state of influence or combination of the various influences is existent within the considered situation.
4. "Assess the weight of evidence for this middle-level influence, which is conditional on bottom-level influences"
5. Repeat 3 and 4 for the remaining middle-level and bottom-level influences
These three steps are conducted in the aim of determining the extent to which the influences exist in the process, alone and in different combinations, and their conditional effects.
6. "Assess probabilities of target event conditional on middle-level influences"
7. "Calculate the unconditional probability of target event and unconditional weight of evidence of middle-level influences"
For the various combinations of influences that have been considered, the experts identify direct estimates of the likelihood of either success or failure.
8. "Compare these results to the holistic judgements of HEPs by the assessors. Revise if necessary to reduce discrepancies."
At this stage the probabilities derived from the use of the technique are compared to holistic estimates from the experts, which have been derived through an Absolute probability judgement (APJ) process. Discrepancies are discussed and resolved within the group as required.
9. "Repeat above steps until assessors are finished refining their judgements"
The above steps are iterated, in which all experts share opinions, highlight new aspects to the problem and revise the initially made assessments of the situation. The process is deemed complete when all participants reach a consensus that any misgivings about the discrepancies are resolved.
10. "Perform sensitivity analyses"
If individual experts remain to be unsure of the discrepancies about the assessments which have been made, then sensitivity analysis can be used to determine the extent to which individual influence assessments affect the target event HEP. Conducting a cost-benefit analysis is also possible at this stage of the process.
Example.
The diagram below depicts an influence diagram which can be applied to any human reliability assessment .
This diagram was originally developed for use in the HRA of a scenario within the settings of a nuclear power situation. The diagram depicts the direct influences of each of the factors on the situation under consideration as well as providing as indication as to the way in which some of the factors affect each other.
There are 7 first level influences on the outcome of the high level task, numbered 1 to 7. Each of these describes an aspect of the task under assessment, which requires to be judged as one of two states.
Differing combinations of these first stage influences affect the state of those on the second level.
By assessing the state of the second level influences, the quality of information, organisation and personal factors, the overall likelihood of either success or failure of the task can be calculated by means of conditional probability calculations.
References.
 Howard, R.A. & Matheson, J.E. (2005) Influence diagrams. Decision Analysis. 2(3) 127-143.
 EMBREY, D.E. & al, e. (1985) Appendix D: A Socio-Technical Approach to Assessing Human Reliability (STAHR) in Pressurized Thermal Shock Evaluation of the Calvert Cliffs Unit 1, Nuclear Power Plant. Research Report on DOE Contract 105840R21400, Selby, D. (Ed. Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Oak Ridge, TN.
 Humphreys, P. (1995). Human Reliability Assessor’s Guide. Human Factors in Reliability Group.
 Ainsworth, L.K., & Kirwan, B. (1992). A Guide to Task Analysis. Taylor & Francis.

</doc>
<doc id="19060721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060721" title="Pyrausta nigrata">
Pyrausta nigrata

Pyrausta nigrata is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 14–17 mm. The moth flies from June to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various herbs, such as Thyme and Marjoram.

</doc>
<doc id="19060725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060725" title="Liu Shoubin">
Liu Shoubin

Liu Shoubin (Chinese: 刘寿斌) is a male Chinese weightlifter. He competed at 1988 Seoul Olympics, and won a bronze medal in Men's 52–56 kg. 4 years later, Liu won a silver medal at 1992 Barcelona Olympics in the same event.

</doc>
<doc id="19060726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060726" title="International Committee for Exhibition Exchange">
International Committee for Exhibition Exchange

The International Committee for Exhibition Exchange (ICEE) is a committee of the International Council of Museums (ICOM). It is a nongovernmental organization with formal relations to the UNESCO and functions as a forum for the dissemination of knowledge and experience about exhibitions.
The committee deals with many different aspects of exhibition development, circulation, and exchange. It also collects information about potential as well as existing travelling exhibitions. The ICEE holds meetings annually and has publications that offer solutions to the problems of organizing exhibitions.

</doc>
<doc id="19060747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060747" title="Giuseppe Bognanni">
Giuseppe Bognanni

Giuseppe Bognanni (born July 18, 1947) is an Italian wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Bognanni competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich where he received a bronze medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "flyweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19060757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060757" title="Ye Huanming">
Ye Huanming

Ye Huanming (Chinese: 叶焕明) is a male Chinese weightlifter. He competed at 1988 Seoul Olympics, and won a bronze medal in Men's 56–60 kg (featherweight). His final score was 287.5 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="19060764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060764" title="Sławoszów">
Sławoszów

Sławoszów is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County, Gmina Głubczyce, near the border with the Czech Republic. 

</doc>
<doc id="19060766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060766" title="ZALA 421-12">
ZALA 421-12

ZALA 421-12 is a micro unmanned aerial vehicle developed and produced by the Izhevsk-based company ZALA Aero. It is a small, portable and reliable UAV platform. ZALA 421-12 is designed for front-line reconnaissance, overground and oversea surveillance. It takes 3 minutes to prepare ZALA for launching. The UAV is operated in the autonomous or semi-autonomous mode.
Specifications.
Physical:
Payload:

</doc>
<doc id="19060767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060767" title="Bernard Bierman">
Bernard Bierman

Bernard "Bernie" Bierman (August 26, 1908 – November 5, 2012) was an American composer of popular songs.
Biography.
Bierman was born in New York City. He studied pre-law and law at NYU and Brooklyn Law School, passing the bar in 1930. He practiced law until 1942 when he joined the U.S. Army where he served until 1945.
After the war he was part of Tin Pan Alley, writing a multitude of songs that were performed by such artists as Sarah Vaughan, Frank Sinatra, Billy Eckstine, Harry James, Guy Lombardo, Sammy Kaye, Xavier Cugat and Jimmy Heath.
Two of his best known songs of this period are "Midnight Masquerade", recorded 11 different times, which reached number 3 in the charts, and "Vanity", recorded by Don Cherry, which reached the Top 20.
He retired from music in 1952, but returned in 1986 when his song "Cuban Mambo" was featured in the Woody Allen film "Crimes and Misdemeanors".

</doc>
<doc id="19060778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060778" title="Clean Air Act (United States)">
Clean Air Act (United States)

The Clean Air Act is a United States federal law designed to control air pollution on a national level. It requires the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to develop and enforce regulations to protect the public from airborne contaminants known to be hazardous to human health. The 1963 version of the legislation established a research program, expanded in 1967. Major amendments to the law, requiring regulatory controls for air pollution, passed in 1970, 1977, and 1990.
The 1970 amendments greatly expanded the federal mandate, requiring comprehensive federal and state regulations for both stationary (industrial) pollution sources and mobile sources. It also significantly expanded federal enforcement.
The 1990 amendments addressed acid rain, ozone depletion and toxic air pollution, established a national permits program for stationary sources, and increased enforcement authority. The amendments also established new auto gasoline reformulation requirements, set Reid vapor pressure (RVP) standards to control evaporative emissions from gasoline, and mandated new gasoline formulations sold from May to September in many states.
The Clean Air Act was the first major environmental law in the United States to include a provision for citizen suits. Numerous state and local governments have enacted similar legislation, either implementing federal programs or filling in locally important gaps in federal programs.
Components of Air Pollution Prevention and Control.
Title I - Programs and Activities.
Part A - Air Quality and Emissions Limitations.
This section of the act declares that protecting and enhancing the nation's air quality promotes public health. It encourages regional air pollution prevention and control programs and provides technical and financial assistance to state and local governments air pollution prevention. Additional subchapters cover of cooperation, research, investigation, training and other activities. Grants for air pollution planning and control programs, and interstate air quality agencies and program cost limitations are also included in this section of the act.
The act mandates air quality control regions, designated as attainment vs non-attainment. Nonattainment areas do not meet national standards for primary or secondary ambient air quality. Attainment areas meet these standards, while unclassfiable areas cannot be classified on the basis of the information that is available.
Air quality criteria, national primary and secondary ambient air quality standards, state implementation plans, and performance standards for new stationary sources are also covered in Part A. The list of hazardous air pollutants established by the act includes acetaldehyde, benzene, chloroform, phenols, and selenium compounds. The list also includes mineral fiber emissions from manufacturing or processing glass, rock or slag fibers as well as radioactive atoms. The list periodically can be modified. The act lists unregulated radioactive pollutants such as cadmium, arsenic, and polycyclic organic matter and mandates listing them if they will cause or contribute to air pollution that endangers public health, under section 7408 or 7412.
The remaining subchapters cover smokestack heights, state plan adequacy, and estimating emissions of carbon monoxide, volatile organic compounds, and oxides of nitrogen from area and mobile sources. Measures to prevent unemployment or other economic disruption include using local coal or coal derivatives to comply with implementation requirements. The final subchapter in this act focuses on land use authority.
Part B - Ozone Protection.
Because of advances in the atmospheric chemistry, this section was replaced by Title VI when the law was amended in 1990.
This change in the law reflected significant changes in scientific understanding of ozone formation and depletion. Ozone absorbs UVC light and shorter wave UVB, and lets through UVA, which is largely harmless to people. Ozone exists naturally in the stratosphere, not the troposphere. It is laterally distributed because it is destroyed by strong sunlight, so there is more ozone at the poles. Ozone is created when O2 comes in contact with photons from solar radiation. Therefore a decrease in the intensity of solar radiation also results in a decrease in the formation of ozone in the stratosphere. This exchange is known as the Chapman mechanism:
Atmospheric freon and chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) contribute to ozone depletion (Chlorine is a catalytic agent in ozone destruction). Following discovery of the ozone hole in 1985, the 1987 Montreal Protocol successfully implemented a plan to replace CFCs and was viewed by some environmentalists as an example of what is possible for the future of environmental issues, if the political will is present.
Part C - Prevention of Significant Deterioration of Air Quality.
The Clean Air Act requires permits to build or add to major stationary sources of air pollution. This permitting process, known as New Source Review (NSR), applies to sources in areas that meet air quality standards as well as areas that do not or are unclassifiable. Permits in attainment or unclassifiable areas are referred to as Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) permits, while permits for sources located in nonattainment areas are referred to as nonattainment area (NAA) permits.
The fundamental goals of the PSD program are to:
Part D - Plan Requirements for Nonattainment Areas.
Under the Clean Air Act states are required to submit a plan for non-attainment areas to reach attainment status as soon as possible but in no more than five years, based on the severity of the air pollution and the difficulty posed by obtaining cleaner air.
The plan must include:
The plan must be approved or revised if required for approval, and specify whether local governments or the state will implement and enforce the various changes. Achieving attainment status makes a request for reevaluation possible. It must include a plan for maintenance of air quality.
Title II - Emission Standards for Moving Sources.
Part A - Motor Vehicle Emission and Fuel Standards (CAA § 201-219; USC § 7521-7554).
Subchapters of Title II cover state standards and grants, prohibited acts and actions to restrain violations, as well as a study of emissions from nonroad vehicles (other than locomotives) to determine whether they cause or contribute to air pollution. Motorcycles are treated in the same way as automobiles under the emission standards for new motor vehicles or motor vehicle engines. The last few subchapters deal with high altitude performance adjustments, motor vehicle compliance program fees, prohibition on production of engines requiring leaded gasoline, and urban bus standards.
This part of the bill was extremely controversial the time it was passed. The automobile industry argued that it could not meet the new standards. Senators expressed concern about impact on the economy. Specific new emissions standards for moving sources passed years later.
Economists Daniel Khazzoom and Leonard Brookes noted in the 1980s that while the OPEC oil crises of 1973 and 1979 increased demand for greater fuel efficiency in automobiles, consumer behavior seemed to bear out the Jevons paradox, with increased automobile use balancing out much of the improvement in fuel efficiency since. Because cars are more efficient, the argument goes, driving is less costly, so people tend to drive more, and the tendency to increased driving outweighs the energy savings from improved fuel efficiency.
Part B - Aircraft Emission Standards.
Many volatile organic compounds (VOCs) are emitted over airports and affect the air quality in the region. VOCs include benzene, formaldehyde, and butadienes which are known to cause health problems such as birth defects, cancer, and skin irritation. Hundreds of tons of emissions from aircraft, ground support equipment, heating systems, and shuttles and passenger vehicles are released into the air, causing smog. Therefore, major cities such as Seattle, Denver, and San Francisco require a Climate Action Plan as well as a greenhouse gas inventory. Additionally, federal programs such as VALE are working to offset costs for programs that reduce emissions.
Title II sets emission standards for airlines and aircraft engines and adopts standards set by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). However aircraft carbon dioxide emission standards have not been established by either ICAO nor the EPA. It is the responsibility of the Secretary of Transportation, after consultation with the Administrator, to prescribe regulations that comply with section 7571 and ensure the necessary inspections take place.
Part C - Clean Fuel Vehicles.
Trucks and automobiles play a large role in deleterious air quality. Harmful chemicals such as nitrogen oxide, hydrocarbons, carbon monoxide, and sulfur dioxide are released from motor vehicles. Some of these also react with sunlight to produce photochemicals. These harmful substances change the climate, alter ocean pH and include toxins that may cause cancer, birth defects, or respiratory illness.
Motor vehicles increased in the 1990s since approximately 58 percent of households owned two or more vehicles. The Clean Fuel Vehicle programs focused on alternative fuel use and petroleum fuels that met low emission vehicle (LEV) levels. Compressed natural gas, ethanol, methanol, liquefied petroleum gas, and electricity are examples of cleaner alternative fuel. Programs such as the California Clean Fuels Program and pilot program are increasing demand that for new fuels to be developed to reduce harmful emissions.
The California pilot program incorporated under this section focuses on pollution control in ozone nonattainment areas. The provisions apply to light-duty trucks and light-duty vehicles in California. The also state requires that clean alternative fuels for sale at numerous locations with sufficient geographic distribution for convenience. Production of clean-fuel vehicles isn't mandated except as part of the California pilot program.
Title III - General Provisions.
Under the law prior to 1990, EPA was required to construct a list of Hazardous Air Pollutants as well as health-based standards for each one. There were 188 air pollutants listed and the source from which they came. The EPA was given ten years to generate technology-based emission standards. Title III is considered a second phase, allowing the EPA to assess lingering risks after the enactment of the first phase of emission standards. Title III is also to enact new standards with regard to the protection of public health.
A citizen may file a lawsuit to obtain compliance with an emission standard issued by the EPA or by a state, unless there is an ongoing enforcement action being pursued by EPA or the appropriate state agency.
Title IV - Noise Pollution.
This title pre-dates the "Clean Air Act". With the passage of the "Clean Air Act", it became codified as Title IV. However, another Title IV was enacted in the 1970 amendments. The second Title IV was then appended to this Title IV as Title IV-A (see below).
This title established the EPA Office of Noise Abatement and Control to reduce noise pollution in urban areas, to minimize noise-related impacts on psychological and physiological effects on humans, effects on wildlife and property (including values), and other noise-related issues. The agency was also assigned to run experiments to study the effects of noise.
Title IV-A - Acid Deposition Control.
This title was added as part of the 1990 amendments. It addresses the issue of acid rain, which is caused by nitrogen oxides (NOX) and sulfur dioxide (SO2) emissions from electric power plants powered by fossil fuels, and other industrial sources. The 1990 amendments gave industries more pollution control options including switching to low-sulfur coal and/or adding devices that controlled the harmful emissions. In some cases plants had to be closed down to prevent the dangerous chemicals from entering the atmosphere.
Title IV-A mandated a two-step process to reduce SO emissions. The first stage required more than 100 electric generating facilities larger than 100 megawatts to meet a 3.5 million ton SO emission reduction by January 1995. The second stage gave facilities larger than 75 megawatts a January 2000 deadline.
Title V - Permits.
The 1990 amendments authorized a national operating permit program, covering thousands of large industrial and commercial sources. It required large businesses to address pollutants released into the air, measure their quantity, and have a plan to control and minimize them as well as to periodically report. This consolidated requirements for a facility into a single document.
In non-attainment areas, permits were required for sources that emit as little as 50, 25, or 10 tons per year of VOCs depending on the severity of the region’s non-attainment status.
Most permits are issued by state and local agencies. If the state does not adequately monitor requirements, the EPA may take control. The public may request to view the permits by contacting the EPA. The permit is limited to no more than five years and requires a renewal.
Title VI - Stratospheric Ozone Protection.
Starting in 1990, Title VI mandated regulations regarding the use and production of chemicals that harm the Earth’s stratospheric ozone layer. This ozone layer protects against harmful ultraviolet B sunlight linked to several medical conditions including cataracts and skin cancer.
The ozone-destroying chemicals were been classified into two groups, Class I and Class II. Class I consists of substances, including chlorofluorocarbons, that have an ozone depletion potential (ODP) (HL) of 0.2 or higher. Class II lists substances, including hydrochlorofluorocarbons, that are known to or may be detrimental to the stratosphere. Both groups have a timeline for phase-out:
Title VI establishes methods for preventing harmful chemicals from entering the stratosphere in the first place, including recycling or proper disposal of chemicals and finding substitutes that cause less or no damage. The Significant New Alternatives Policy (SNAP) Program is EPA's program to evaluate and regulate substitutes for the ozone-depleting chemicals that are being phased out under the stratospheric ozone protection provisions of the Clean Air Act.
Over 190 countries signed the Montreal Protocol in 1987, agreeing to work to eliminate or limit the use of chemicals with ozone-destroying properties.
History.
Legislation.
Congress passed the first Clean Air Act in 1963, creating a research and regulatory program in the U.S. Public Health Service. The Act authorized development of emission standards for stationary sources, but not mobile sources. The 1967 Air Quality Act mandated enforcement of interstate air pollution standards and authorized ambient monitoring studies and stationary source inspections.
In the Clean Air Act Extension of 1970, Congress greatly expanded the federal mandate by requiring comprehensive federal and state regulations for both industrial and mobile sources. The law established four new regulatory programs:
The 1970 law is sometimes called the "Muskie Act" because of the central role Maine Senator Edmund Muskie played in drafting the bill.
The EPA was also created under the National Environmental Policy Act about the same time as these additions were passed, which was important to help implement the programs listed above.
The Clean Air Act Amendments of 1977 required Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) of air quality for areas attaining the NAAQS, and added requirements for non-attainment areas.
The 1990 Clean Air Act added regulatory programs for control of acid deposition (acid rain) and stationary source operating permits. The amendments moved considerably beyond the original criteria pollutants, expanding the NESHAP program with a list of 189 hazardous air pollutants to be controlled within hundreds of source categories, according to a specific schedule. The NAAQS program was also expanded. Other new provisions covered stratospheric ozone protection, increased enforcement authority, and expanded research programs.
History of the Clean Air Act.
Introduction.
The legal authority for federal programs regarding air pollution control is based on the 1990 Clean Air Act Amendments (1990 CAAA). These are the latest in a series of amendments made to the Clean Air Act (CAA), often referred to as "the Act." This legislation modified and extended federal legal authority provided by the earlier Clean Air Acts of 1963 and 1970.
The Air Pollution Control Act of 1955 was the first federal legislation involving air pollution. This Act provided funds for federal research in air pollution. The Clean Air Act of 1963 was the first federal legislation regarding air pollution control. It established a federal program within the U.S. Public Health Service and authorized research into techniques for monitoring and controlling air pollution. In 1967, the Air Quality Act was enacted in order to expand federal government activities. In accordance with this law, enforcement proceedings were initiated in areas subject to interstate air pollution transport. As part of these proceedings, the federal government for the first time conducted extensive ambient monitoring studies and stationary source inspections.
The Air Quality Act of 1967 also authorized expanded studies of air pollutant emission inventories, ambient monitoring techniques, and control techniques.
Clean Air Act of 1970.
The "Clean Air Act of 1970" (1970 CAA) authorized the development of comprehensive federal and state regulations to limit emissions from both stationary (industrial) sources and mobile sources. Four major regulatory programs affecting stationary sources were initiated:
Enforcement authority was substantially expanded. This very important legislation was adopted at approximately the same time as the "National Environmental Policy Act" that established the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA); the EPA was created on May 2, 1971 in order to implement the various requirements included in the "Clean Air Act of 1970".
Clean Air Act Amendments of 1977.
Major amendments were added to the "Clean Air Act" in 1977 (1977 CAAA). The 1977 Amendments primarily concerned provisions for the Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) of air quality in areas attaining the NAAQS. The 1977 CAAA also contained requirements pertaining to sources in non-attainment areas for NAAQS. A non-attainment area is a geographic area that does not meet one or more of the federal air quality standards. Both of these 1977 CAAA established major permit review requirements to ensure attainment and maintenance of the NAAQS.
Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990.
Another set of major amendments to the Clean Air Act occurred in 1990 (1990 CAAA). The 1990 CAAA substantially increased the authority and responsibility of the federal government. New regulatory programs were authorized for control of acid deposition (acid rain) and for the issuance of stationary source operating permits. The NESHAPs were incorporated into a greatly expanded program for controlling toxic air pollutants. The provisions for attainment and maintenance of NAAQS were substantially modified and expanded. Other revisions included provisions regarding stratospheric ozone protection, increased enforcement authority, and expanded research programs.
Milestones.
Some of the principal milestones in the evolution of the Clean Air Act
"The Air Pollution Control Act" of 1955
"Clean Air Act' of 1963
"Air Quality Act" of 1967
"Clean Air Act" of 1970
"1977 Amendments to the Clean Air Act of 1970"
"1990 Amendments to the Clean Air Act of 1970"
Regulations.
Since the initial establishment of six mandated criteria pollutants (ozone, particulate matter, carbon monoxide, nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, and lead), advancements in testing and monitoring have led to the discovery of many other significant air pollutants.
However, with the act in place and its many improvements, the U.S. has seen many pollutant levels and associated cases of health complications drop. The 1990 Clean Air Act Amendments prevent:
This chart shows the health benefits of the Clean Air Act programs that reduce levels of fine particles and ozone.
In 1997 EPA tightened the NAAQS regarding permissible levels of the ground-level ozone that make up smog and the fine airborne particulate matter that makes up soot. The decision came after months of public review of the proposed new standards, as well as long and fierce internal discussion within the Clinton administration, leading to the most divisive environmental debate of that decade.
The new regulations were challenged in the courts by industry groups as a violation of the U.S. Constitution's nondelegation principle and eventually landed in the U.S. Supreme Court, whose 2001 unanimous ruling in "Whitman v. American Trucking Associations, Inc." largely upheld EPA's actions.
Roles of the federal government and states.
Although the 1990 Clean Air Act is a federal law covering the entire country, the states do much of the work to carry out the Act. The EPA has allowed the individual states to elect responsibility for compliance with and regulation of the CAA within their own borders in exchange for funding. For example, a state air pollution agency holds a hearing on a permit application by a power or chemical plant or fines a company for violating air pollution limits. However, election is not mandatory and in some cases states have chosen to not accept responsibility for enforcement of the act and force the EPA to assume those duties.
In order to take over compliance with the CAA the states must write and submit a state implementation plan (SIP) to the EPA for approval. A state implementation plan is a collection of the regulations a state will use to clean up polluted areas. The states are obligated to notify the public of these plans, though hearings that offer opportunities to comment, in the development of each state implementation plan. The SIP becomes the state's legal guide for local enforcement of the CAA. For example, Rhode Island law requires compliance with the Federal CAA through the SIP. The SIP delegates permitting and enforcement responsibility to the state Department of Environmental Management (RI-DEM).
The federal law recognizes that states should lead in carrying out the Clean Air Act, because pollution control problems often require special understanding of local industries, geography, housing patterns, etc. However, states are not allowed to have weaker pollution controls than the national minimum criteria set by EPA. EPA must approve each SIP, and if a SIP isn't acceptable, EPA can take over CAA enforcement in that state.
The United States government, through the EPA, assists the states by providing scientific research, expert studies, engineering designs, and money to support clean air programs.
Metropolitan Planning Organizations must approve all federally funded transportation projects in a given urban area. If the MPO's plans do not, Federal Highway Administration and the Federal Transit Administration have the authority to withhold funds if the plans do not conform with federal requirements, including air quality standards. In 2010, the EPA directly fined the San Joaquin Valley Air Pollution Control District $29 million for failure to meet ozone standards, resulting in fees for county drivers and businesses. This was the results of a federal appeals court case that required the EPA to continue enforce older, stronger standards, and spurred debate in Congress over amending the Act.
State Programs.
Many states, or concerned citizens of the state, have established their own programs to help promote pollution clean-up strategies.
For example,(in alphabetical order by state)
Interstate air pollution.
Air pollution often travels from its source in one state to another state. In many metropolitan areas, people live in one state and work or shop in another; air pollution from cars and trucks may spread throughout the interstate area. The 1990 Clean Air Act provides for interstate commissions on air pollution control, which are to develop regional strategies for cleaning up air pollution. The 1990 amendments include other provisions to reduce interstate air pollution.
The Acid Rain Program, created under Title IV of the Act, authorizes emissions trading to reduce the overall cost of controlling emissions of sulfur dioxide.
Leak detection and repair.
The Act requires industrial facilities to implement a Leak Detection and Repair (LDAR) program to monitor and audit a facility's fugitive emissions of volatile organic compounds (VOC). The program is intended to identify and repair components such as valves, pumps, compressors, flanges, connectors and other components that may be leaking. These components are the main source of the fugitive VOC emissions.
Testing is done manually using a portable vapor analyzer that read in parts per million (ppm). Monitoring frequency, and the leak threshold, is determined by various factors such as the type of component being tested and the chemical running through the line. Moving components such as pumps and agitators are monitored more frequently than non-moving components such as flanges and screwed connectors. The regulations require that when a leak is detected the component be repaired within a set amount of days. Most facilities get 5 days for an initial repair attempt with no more than 15 days for a complete repair. Allowances for delaying the repairs beyond the allowed time are made for some components where repairing the component requires shutting process equipment down.
Application to greenhouse gas emissions.
EPA began regulating greenhouse gases (GHGs) from mobile and stationary sources of air pollution under the Clean Air Act for the first time on January 2, 2011. Standards for mobile sources have been established pursuant to Section 202 of the CAA, and GHGs from stationary sources are controlled under the authority of Part C of Title I of the Act.
Below is a table for the sources of greenhouse gases, taken from data in 2008. Of all greenhouse gases, about 76 percent of the sources are manageable under the CAA, marked with an asterisk (*). All others are regulated independently, if at all.

</doc>
<doc id="19060853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060853" title="Li Jinhe">
Li Jinhe

Li Jinhe (Chinese: 李金河; born 22 May 1964) is a male Chinese weightlifter. He competed at the 1988 Seoul Olympics, and won a bronze medal in Men's 67.5 kg. His final score was 325 kg.
References.
Sports Reference

</doc>
<doc id="19060861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060861" title="Nowe Gołuszowice">
Nowe Gołuszowice

Nowe Gołuszowice is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce. 

</doc>
<doc id="19060873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060873" title="Chinese Historical Society of Southern California">
Chinese Historical Society of Southern California

Chinese Historical Society of Southern California (CHSSC, ) is located in Los Angeles Chinatown, at 415 Bernard Street. Its Chinatown Heritage & Visitors Center is open to the public. It was started by Paul Louie, William Mason, and Paul De Falla, with the organizing meeting held at Cathay Bank on November 1, 1975.
Its mission, as stated on its website, is as follows:
CHSSC is one of the most active historical societies in Southern California. There are monthly meetings, field trips, archive and library collections, oral history projects, scholarships, and publications.
CHSSC Honorees.
Each year the Chinese Historical Society of Southern California honors Chinese Americans who have made significant contributions to the greater Los Angeles community. They have included:

</doc>
<doc id="19060890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060890" title="Ignazio Fabra">
Ignazio Fabra

Ignazio Fabra (April 25, 1930 – April 13, 2008) is an Italian wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling.
He was born in Palermo and died in Genoa.
Olympics.
Fabra competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki where he received a silver medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "flyweight" class, behind gold medalist Boris Maksovich Gurevich of the Soviet Union and ahead of bronze medalist Leo Honkala of Finland. He received another silver medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="19060896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060896" title="Union of Lebanese Democratic Youth">
Union of Lebanese Democratic Youth

Union of Lebanese Democratic Youth (ULDY) (, transliterated: "Ittihad al-Shabab al-Democrati al-Lubnani"), also known as UJDL (the French abbreviation of "Union de la jeunesse démocratique libanaise"), is a Lebanese leftist secular democratic youth organization as it defines itself in its documents.
ULDY was legally established in 1970 by leftist -mainly communist- students and young activists, after being active underground since 1945. ULDY is a member in many regional and international youth organizations, but its main affiliation is to the World Federation of Democratic Youth (WFDY). ULDY is the vice president of WFDY since March 2007 after a long history of international action. It was the president of WFDY during the late 1980s before and during the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Many prominent leftist leaders and activists in Lebanon were affiliated to ULDY during their early political life including Anwar Yassin and Souha Bechara, two former resistors and detainees in Israel, Saadallah Mazraani the Vice General-Secretary of the Lebanese Communist Party and Hanna Gharib the President of Union of High School Teachers in Lebanon.
Recent activities.
After the 6th National Congress, ULDY made several distinguished activities including:
- Popular aid to thousands of internally displaced people due to the Israeli aggression against Lebanon during July and August 2006.
- Hosting the Coordinating Council meeting of WFDY in November 2006 in Beirut with the participation of tens of international leftist and communist organizations and hundreds of attendants from Lebanon.
- Several camps hosting hundreds of participants in Summer of 2007.
- "The Spring March" that toured Lebanon for 34 consecutive days in the summer of 2008 under the slogan of "All of Lebanon is for us all" and demanding the unity of the Lebanese people across the sectarian division lines drawn by the Lebanese political and social system.
- An open solidarity protest for 24 days near the UN offices in ESCWA building in downtown Beirut during the Israeli aggression against Gaza from December 25, 2008 to January 18, 2009. During this period several demonstrations, protests and solidarity events were held in Beirut and across Lebanon, mainly towards the Egyptian,U.S. and Canadian embassies in addition to the EU commission and Arab League representatives, in collaboration with other Lebanese and Palestinian leftist youth organizations.
- ULDY organizes a set of youth camps every summer which include Educational, Dialogue, Pioneers, Artistic and Voluntary work camps throughout Lebanon.
- In the beginning of 2011, ULDY together with some Left organizations and activists organized a campaign to support the Arab revolutions especially during the peak of the revolutions of Egypt, Tunisia, Libya, Yemen and Bahrain. The campaign conducted different protests in front of the embassies and consulates of those countries and had a daily protest in front of the Egyptian embassy including the day when the demonstrators tried to enter the embassy.
- ULDY was an effective and leading factor in the campaign to change the sectarian regime in Lebanon. Five central demonstrations were organized in Beirut and three others in Saida, Tripoli and Byblos between February 27 and June 26, 2011. The biggest demonstration of the campaign had around 30.000 protestors in the streets of Beirut on March 20, 2011. 
Organization.
ULDY has currently 26 branches around Lebanon, with another 10 branches under establishment. It also has 4 central departments for young workers, university students, high school students and pioneers. Membership is accepted through branches so that every member should commit to one of the existing branches. In addition, a member is considered automatically to belong to one of the departments related to his study or work.
The branches are organized through regional committees that have coordinating status within its geographical region. Now ULDY has 5 regional committees that are: Beirut and suburbs, Mount Lebanon, Bekaa, North Lebanon and South Lebanon.
The highest body in ULDY is its congress held every three years to draw the general policies and organization of ULDY and elect its legislative and directive body, the National Council.
The National Council is elected by the congress and convenes regularly every two months to draw short term plans of the organization and watch the sound action and functioning of all other organs of ULDY. The National Council elects a President, Vice President, a General secretary and an Executive Bureau of the organization.
The Executive Bureau convenes every two weeks to pursue the daily action of the organization, apply the plans drawn by the National Council and represent the organization legally and practically between meetings of the National Council.
Recent congresses.
After several years of not having regular congresses due to many political and organizational problems, especially after the collapse of the Soviet Union and the Lebanese Civil War, ULDY had its 5th National Congress in May 2003. The congress was intended to revive the bodies of the organization and put it back to strong action. This two-year experience set the ground for the 6th National Congress that brought real life to ULDY.
ULDY had its 6th National Congress in May, 2005 and elected Imad Bawab as President and Arabi Andari as General Secretary. It brought all the constituents of the organization to action and put it back on the political map in Lebanon especially after the big activities and new leadership spirit that it had.
In its 7th National Congress in September 2008, ULDY renewed its bodies with many new young activists. 24 out of its 41 National Council members and 10 out of its 11 Executive Bureau members were renewed, with Imad Bawab remaining president and Hussein Mroue elected as a new General Secretary.

</doc>
<doc id="19060905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060905" title="Job Dischington Bødtker">
Job Dischington Bødtker

Job Dischington Bødtker (1818–1889) was a Norwegian jurist and politician.
He resided in Tønsberg, where he worked as stipendiary magistrate ("byfoged"). He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1865, 1868, 1871 and 1874, representing his city.
He was married to Fredrikke Sophie Sejersted (1825–1892). One of his daughters, Frederikke Dorothea (1853–1919), married to-be Prime Minister of Norway Francis Hagerup.

</doc>
<doc id="19060911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060911" title="Lucy Virginia French">
Lucy Virginia French

Lucy Virginia French (March 16, 1825 – March 31, 1881) was an American author born Lucy Virginia Smith in Accomack County, Virginia to Mease W. Smith and Elizabeth Parker. She wrote for the "Louisville Journal" under the name of L'Inconnue. In 1852 she became the editor of "Southern Ladies Book". On January 12, 1853 she married Colonel John Hopkins French.

</doc>
<doc id="19060921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060921" title="Christen Larsen Arneberg">
Christen Larsen Arneberg

Christen Larsen Arneberg (born 1808) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1851, 1854 and 1857, representing the rural constituency of "Hedemarkens Amt" (today named Hedmark). He worked as a farmer.

</doc>
<doc id="19060929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060929" title="Dock6">
Dock6

Dock6 (Dedicator of cytokinesis 6), also known as Zir1 is a large (~200 kDa) protein involved in intracellular signalling networks. It is a member of the DOCK-C subfamily of the DOCK family of guanine nucleotide exchange factors which function as activators of small G proteins.
Discovery.
Dock6 was identified as one of a family of proteins which share high sequence similarity with Dock180, the archetypal member of the DOCK family. It has a similar domain arrangement to other DOCK proteins, with a DHR1 domain known in other proteins to bind phospholipids, and a DHR2 domain containing the GEF activity. 
Function.
There is currently very little information about the cellular role of this protein. Interestingly, however, Dock6 has been reported to exhibit dual GEF specificity towards the small G proteins Rac1 and Cdc42. It is the only DOCK family member reported to activate both of these G proteins. The same study also showed that transfection of the Dock6 DHR2 domain into N1E-115 neuroblastoma cells promoted Rac- and Cdc42-dependent neurite outgrowth, although the physiological significance of this has yet to be demonstrated. 

</doc>
<doc id="19060932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060932" title="Pomorzowice">
Pomorzowice

Pomorzowice is a village located in Poland, in Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce, near the border with the Czech Republic. 

</doc>
<doc id="19060937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060937" title="The Way Out Is Broken">
The Way Out Is Broken

The Way Out Is Broken is the fourth and final release from New Jersey band Armor for Sleep. It is exclusively a digital download EP, and has not been released on a physical medium. The EP features b-sides and new songs that would have been on their follow up to "Smile for Them". Fans could purchase a download card from Armor for Sleep during the later dates of the 2008 Projekt Revolution tour, allowing them to download the EP on the day of its release.

</doc>
<doc id="19060939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060939" title="Apache Sling">
Apache Sling

Apache Sling is an open source Web framework for the Java platform designed to create content-centric applications on top of a JSR-170-compliant (aka JCR) content repository such as Apache Jackrabbit. Apache Sling allows developers to deploy their application components as OSGi bundles or as scripts and templates in the content repository. Supported scripting languages are JSP, server-side JavaScript, Ruby, Velocity. The goal of Apache Sling is to expose content in the content repository as HTTP resources, fostering a RESTful style of application architecture.
Sling is different from a lot of other Web application frameworks in the
sense that it truly focuses on the web aspect of the "web application" development and 
through its development paradigm suggests an intuitive RESTful 
development of a true web application.
Other frameworks focus more on the application development and therefore are ideal extensions to Sling.
The Sling project was started on August 27, 2007, when Day Software proposed to donate the source base of its internal web framework powering the Day Communiqué WCM to the Apache Software Foundation The project was accepted to the Apache Incubator with Apache Jackrabbit being the sponsoring project. On June 18, 2009 the project graduated as Apache top-level project.

</doc>
<doc id="19060948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060948" title="Yavneh at Columbia">
Yavneh at Columbia

Yavneh at Columbia is the Orthodox group of at Columbia University. It consists of about 400 members and is part of the larger Hillel community which is the biggest community on Columbia campus. Yavneh is responsible for programming ranging from daily minyanim to ski trips with the OCP (Orthodox Community at Penn) and everything in between. As one of the biggest college and Ivy League Orthodox communities it is a major draw for many Orthodox students to Columbia University.
Programming.
Programming is divided into four sections, Shabbas/chag, social, educational, and chessed. Also, every semester (twice a year) there is a Yavneh end of semester dinner for students which gets a turnout of about 200 people. The food in the past has been catered by many different kosher caterers and has been held in many different elegant rooms across campus including the James room at Barnard and in the Roone auditorium in Lerner.
Shabbas/Chag.
The Shabbas schedule on campus begins with Friday night services at about candle lighting time continuing with Friday night dinner at Hewitt. Frequently (about twice a month) there are Friday night parties or onegs scheduled and at 9pm there is a well-populated Tea and Torah program where people hang out and learn in the beis midrash while enjoying some tea, and other snacks. In the morning, services are typically at 9:15 am and end about two hours later, followed by a dairy kiddush, at which people shmooze until lunch at Hewitt at 12:30. Mincha services are held at about a half hour before sunset. Mincha is followed by seudat shlisheet together with Koach, the Conservative group of Hillel. Typical shalosh seudot food is served and singing continues until Maariv, at about nightfall. Shabbat is looked forward to as the one day each week you are forced to separate from class, work, and everything else and focus for 25 hours on friends, tefilla, TOrah, food. and Shabbas.
The Chagim are also unique experiences. There are no minyanim for Rosh Hashanah nor for the first days of Succot and Pesach, but luckily there are shuls around the area that can suffice. The davening schedule is similar to Shabbas for the Regalim. Yom Kippur includes a pre and post fast meal. The crowd varies during the day from 30 people to 100. The chazanim are students and there typically is either a student or Rabbi who explains the service during the day.
Also, on Rosh Chodesh there are often chagigot which have included Gaga games and copious amounts of food. Rosh Chodesh breakfast after davening has also been a popular addition.
Social.
Social programming is variable from semester to semester and year to year but generally include many of the following elements. In the fall semester for the past couple of years, there is a game run called assassins in which one team is given another team to kill. Don't worry, killing are accomplished via water guns, water bottles, or any other water dispensing item. Typically, once a semester there is at least one off-campus event like a Yankee game or Monster Truck Rally. In the past there has been color war, capture the flag, lazertag, and other fun programs.
Educational.
Educational programming is an important part of a well balanced Orthodox life and is taken seriously at Yavneh. Yavneh has been very privileged to have many weekly shiurim given by both Rabbis and recent graduates in smicha. There has included a beginning shiur and two iyun shiurim in gemara, a couple weekly shiurim in tanach, and shiurim in philosophy and agaddah. In addition WNLP a program in Hillel but not run by Yavneh runs a weekly chavruta program with snacks where both beginners and advanced learners congregate, eat, and learn chavruta style.
Besides regular shiurim, Yavneh has had the privilege of hosting great scholars and academics from many different places. Rabbis from yeshivas in Israel coming to America to recruit often stop by to say hello to former students and give a guest shiur. Yavneh has also had academics from Columbia give shiurim or talks about many different issues.
In 2008, Yavneh is planning a video showing of the movie Mekudeshet, which will hopefully be the start of a video series.
Chessed.
Yavneh's chessed programming is an indispensable part of the experience at Columbia. Yavneh has for many years run an extremely popular shabbaton with Yachad where Yachad members are put up in dorm rooms of Yavneh members all around campus and take part in the Shabbas experience at Columbia. This Shabbas is chock full of programming with Yachad members in order to integrate them into the Yavneh community for Shabbas.
Besides the Yachad shabbaton, numerous Chessed events and projects are planned throughout each semester to raise awareness and funds and to allow students to take a break from their own classes and social lives to reach out to those who are in need.
Leadership.
Yavneh is run by a group of five students, who comprise the Yavneh board. One student is president of Yavneh, while the other four are vice presidents of the Shabbas/Chag, Social, Education, and Chessed committees. The board is elected online by students on the Yavneh listserve at the end of the fall semester, and operates for the following Spring and Fall.
Minyanim.
Several Yavneh minyanim are available daily during the spring and fall semesters. During weekdays, morning services are held at 7:45 am on the fifth floor of the Kraft Center. Afternoon services are held at 2:30 pm at Earl Hall and at 4:10 pm on fifth floor of Kraft. Evening services are often held on the fifth floor of Kraft - see the website for minyan times. On Shabbat, all minyanim, including Kabbalat Shabbat, Shacharit, and Mincha, are held in Rennert Hall.
Yavneh minyanim have traditionally been managed by a gabbai rishon, though he was often assisted by a gabbai sheni. Today, Yavneh's services are managed by a group of male and female students, nicknamed the"Gabbanate". The Gabbanate arranges minyan times an locations, gives out "kibbudim", and collects tzedaka donated during services. Yavneh davening times can found at http://www.columbia.edu/cu/jsu/yavneh/minyan_times.shtml.

</doc>
<doc id="19060957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060957" title="Lin Qisheng">
Lin Qisheng

Lin Qisheng (Chinese: 林启升; born July 7, 1971) is a Chinese male weightlifter who won a silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in the Men's 52 kg weightclass.

</doc>
<doc id="19060959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060959" title="Pomorzowiczki">
Pomorzowiczki

Pomorzowiczki is a village located in Poland, Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County, Gmina Głubczyce, near the border with the Czech Republic. 

</doc>
<doc id="19060970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060970" title="Programmed to Consume">
Programmed to Consume

Programmed to Consume is the second full-length album by Abysmal Dawn. It was released on May 13, 2008 in the United States. It is their first album with Relapse Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19060978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060978" title="Peder Jacobsen Bøgvald">
Peder Jacobsen Bøgvald

Peder Jacobsen Bøgvald (1762–1829) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament for its first session in 1814, and was re-elected in 1815. He represented the rural constituency of "Lister og Mandals Amt" (today named Vest-Agder).
Hailing from Feda in Kvinesdal, he had left the district at a young age to work at sea. Many years later he returned to Feda, having worked himself upwards as a shipmaster in the Netherlands.
He died in 1829.

</doc>
<doc id="19060987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060987" title="Mario Gruppioni">
Mario Gruppioni

Mario Gruppioni (September 13, 1901 – January 19, 1939) was an Italian wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Gruppioni competed at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles where he received a bronze medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "light heavyweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19060998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19060998" title="Agrotera nemoralis">
Agrotera nemoralis

Agrotera nemoralis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found from Europe to Japan.
The wingspan is 20–24 mm. The moth flies from May to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Carpinus betulus", but are also spotted on Birch and Chestnut.
Taxonomy.
"Agrotera posticalis", described from Japan, is often treated as a valid species.

</doc>
<doc id="19061014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061014" title="Marcus H. MacWillie">
Marcus H. MacWillie

Marcus H. MacWillie was a politician who represented the Confederate Arizona Territory in the Congress of the Confederate States during the American Civil War.
Little is known of MacWillie's birthplace, date of birth, or his early life. MacWillie passed his bar exam and established a legal practice in Texas. He later moved to La Mesilla in what is now New Mexico and resumed his legal career.
Following the outbreak of the Civil War, MacWillie became the Attorney General of the Confederate-claimed Arizona Territory in the newly designated capital of La Mesilla. Through the shrewd political efforts of his powerful friend John R. Baylor, MacWillie was selected in early 1862 to replace Baylor's rival Granville Henderson Oury as the territory's representative to the permanent Congress. Despite Arizona and New Mexico being taken over by the Union Army later in 1862, MacWillie continued to represent the territory throughout the First Confederate Congress (March 11, 1862 – February 17, 1864). He then served in the Second Confederate Congress until the end of the war.
MacWillie's activities following the war are uncertain, as is his date and place of death or his burial location.

</doc>
<doc id="19061017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061017" title="Zopowy-Osiedle">
Zopowy-Osiedle

Zopowy-Osiedle is a village located in Poland, in Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce. 

</doc>
<doc id="19061021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061021" title="Samuel Simonsen Fedde">
Samuel Simonsen Fedde

Samuel Simonsen Fedde (1769–1856) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1818, representing the rural constituency of "Lister og Mandals Amt" (today named Vest-Agder). He sat through only one term.
Hailing from Feda in Kvinesdal, he worked as a sub-postmaster there. He died in 1856.

</doc>
<doc id="19061027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061027" title="Luo Jianming">
Luo Jianming

Luo Jianming (Chinese: 罗建明) is a male Chinese weightlifter. He competed at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics, and won a bronze medal in men's 52–56 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="19061031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061031" title="Barhabise">
Barhabise

Barhabise may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19061058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061058" title="Anania terrealis">
Anania terrealis

Anania terrealis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 24–28 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Solidago virgaurea" and asters.

</doc>
<doc id="19061062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061062" title="USNS Gyre (T-AGOR-21)">
USNS Gyre (T-AGOR-21)

USNS "Gyre" (T-AGOR-21) – also known as R/V "Gyre" -- was the lead ship of her class of oceanographic research ships acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1973. She was transferred to the School of Oceanography at Texas A&M University for ocean research work, and eventually returned to the Navy, being struck in 1992.
Built at Moss Point, Mississippi.
"Gyre" was built in Moss Point, Mississippi, by Todd Seattle Halter Marine, and was laid down on 9 October 1972 and launched on 23 May 1973. She was delivered to the Navy 14 November 1973 and placed in service as USNS "Gyre" (T-AGOR-21). 
University assignment.
"Gyre" was leased to the Texas A&M University School of Oceanography.
History of operations.
There is no record of the experiments or other underwater research work performed by this vessel.
Note.
There is no history of "Gyre"s operations in DANFS.

</doc>
<doc id="19061065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061065" title="Charles Todhunter">
Charles Todhunter

Sir Charles George Todhunter KCSI (16 February 1869 – 1 March 1949) was a New Zealand-born civil servant in British India.
Todhunter was educated in England at Aldenham School and King's College, Cambridge. He joined the Indian Civil Service in 1888 and was assigned to the Madras Presidency.
He was Deputy Commissioner for Salt, "Abkari" (excise duties) and Customs, and then Secretary of the Board of Revenue. He was then responsible for the reorganisation of customs and excise arrangements in much of India and was then appointed Director-General of Excise and Salt of the Government of India.
Returning to Madras, he was successively a member of the Board of Revenue, Chief Secretary to the Government, and a member of the Governor's Executive Council. From 1924 he was president of the Indian Taxation Inquiry Committee. On his retirement from the ICS he became private secretary to the Maharaja of Mysore, holding the post for sixteen years until the maharaja's death in 1940, when he settled down on his farm in the Kenjari district of Mysore State.
He was appointed Companion of the Order of the Star of India (CSI) in the 1920 New Year Honours and Knight Commander of the Order of the Star of India (KCSI) in the 1921 Birthday Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="19061069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061069" title="Petrovsko-Razumovsky">
Petrovsko-Razumovsky

Petrovsko-Razumovsky (masculine), Petrovsko-Razumovskaya (feminine), or Petrovsko-Razumovskoye (neuter) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19061072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061072" title="Zubrzyce">
Zubrzyce

Zubrzyce is a village located in Poland, in Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce. 

</doc>
<doc id="19061076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061076" title="Joyce West">
Joyce West

Joyce Tarlton West (1908–1985) was a New Zealand novelist and children's writer. She spent her childhood in remote country districts where her parents taught in Māori schools. Of herself she wrote: “We lived far from towns, in a world of bush roads and river crossings; we rode horseback everywhere, and kept a large menagerie of dogs, cats, kittens, ducks, turkeys, pet lambs, and goats. . . . When I began to write, it was with the wish that I might save a little of the charm and flavour of those times and places for the children of today.” 
Joyce West is best known for her novel "Drovers Road", a tale of family life on a New Zealand sheep station first published in London in 1953. She published two sequels to "Drovers Road": "The Golden Country" and "Cape Lost", which have been reprinted as the "Drovers Road Collection". She has been described as the most distinguished author of rural fiction of her time, "delineating children growing to maturity with the warm acceptance of their families and communities".
She illustrated several of her books with her own ink drawings. Her works include five thrillers written with New Zealand novelist and teacher Mary Edith Scott (1888–1979). She also contributed poetry and articles to the "New Zealand Railways Magazine" .
Her novel "The Sea Islanders" was turned into a five-part British TV series "Jackanory" (1971).
Selected works.
With Mary Scott (1888–1979)
External links.
Electronic texts at [http://www.nzetc.org/tm/scholarly/name-408182.html]

</doc>
<doc id="19061097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061097" title="Michael Sevald Aamodt">
Michael Sevald Aamodt

Michael Sevald Præstrup Aamodt (1784–1859) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1824, representing the rural constituency of "Lister og Mandals Amt" (today named Vest-Agder). He sat through only one term.
Hailing from Øye in Kvinesdal, he worked as a goldsmith and vaccinator. He died in 1859.

</doc>
<doc id="19061104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061104" title="Travis Padgett">
Travis Padgett

Travis Padgett (born December 13, 1986) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for the United States. He was an All-American and national champion sprinter at Clemson University.
He broke the NCAA collegiate record at the 2008 US Olympic Trials qualifiers; recording a time of 9.89 seconds. This brought him into the top twenty fastest athletes in the 100 meters event, and the top ten American athletes. In the final of the Olympic Trials, Padgett recorded a wind assisted time of 9.85 s but finished in fourth position. This meant he did not qualify for the Olympic event. Padgett represented the United States at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He competed at the 4x100 metres relay together with Rodney Martin, Darvis Patton and Tyson Gay. In their qualification heat they did not finish due to a mistake in the baton exchange and they were eliminated.
At the beginning of the 2009 athletics season, he decided to turn professional, leaving the collegiate system.

</doc>
<doc id="19061126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061126" title="Zhang Xiangsen">
Zhang Xiangsen

Zhang Xiangsen (Chinese: 张祥森; born November 5, 1972) is a male weightlifter from PR China. He competed at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics, and won a silver medal in the men's 56 kg division. His snatch of 130 kg was rated as the "best saved lift of all time" by the International Weightlifting Federation. Zhang's famous ability to enter an intense trance-like state before attempting a lift was rumored to be due to heavy methamphetamine use. Coaches say, in his intense training efforts leading up to the 1996 games, Zhang used an electric wheelchair to transport his body between the gymnasium and his apartment in an effort to conserve energy. Xiangsen was known to sleep with three 25 kilogram discs on his chest to become intimately familiar with the sensation of being crushed by weights, and hence to remove any element of fear from his psyche. 

</doc>
<doc id="19061133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061133" title="Nowy Rożnów">
Nowy Rożnów

Nowy Rożnów is a village located in Poland, in Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce. 

</doc>
<doc id="19061140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061140" title="Tim Sullivan (athlete)">
Tim Sullivan (athlete)

Timothy ("Tim") Francis Sullivan, OAM (born 16 September 1975) is an Australian athlete who has won ten gold medals at the Paralympic Games. This includes five gold medals at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney (T38 200m; T38 100m; T38 400m; T38 4X400m relay; T38 4X100m relay), for which he received a Medal of the Order of Australia, and four gold medals at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, in the T38 100m, 200m and 400m events, and as a member of the men’s 4x100m Relay team.
In October 2004, he was named “Paralympian of the Year” by the Australian Paralympic Committee.
He represented Australia again at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, where he won a gold medal in the men's 4x100 m T35-38 and also at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
He held the Australian record for the highest gold medal count until being surpassed by Matthew Cowdrey in 2012.
He did not medal at the 2012 Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19061147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061147" title="Frithjof Andersen">
Frithjof Andersen

Frithjof Andersen (5 April 1893 – 24 July 1975) is a Norwegian wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling, from Oslo.
Olympics.
Andersen competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp where he received a bronze medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the lightweight class.
Affiliations.
Fagforeningens IL, Oslo

</doc>
<doc id="19061149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061149" title="The Mercurymen">
The Mercurymen

The Mercurymen are a British acoustic music trio. They were signed by Arista Records in the UK in 2008. Their first album, "Postcards From Valonia" received a limited release in 2008.
The Mercurymen originally parted company in 2009 after being dropped by their record label and splitting from their management. However, at the time they expressed their hope to play again together when they were 'old and crinkly and hopefully not dead', a hope borne out by the band's decision to reunite in 2013.
During their "first" career, spanning the years 2006-2009, the band performed many live dates around the United Kingdom including acclaimed tours in support of Melody Gardot, Sinéad O'Connor and Deacon Blue.
Key influences include Crosby, Stills & Nash, Paul Simon, Del Amitri, Richard Thompson, Crowded House and Townes Van Zandt. The Mercurymen's contemporaries include Fleet Foxes and Bon Iver.
The Mercurymen also toured with Level 42, playing venues such as the Albert Hall.
They performed live and appeared in interview on BBC Radio 2 on Janice Long's show in November 2008 and also played live on Bob Harris and Johnnie Walker.
The Mercurymen are Jinder, Simon Johnson and Gavin Wyatt. Gavin and Simon worked with music mogul Mickie Most before his death and are highly successful session musicians, working with, amongst others, Lana Del Rey, Aynsley Lister, Ed Drewitt, Jamelia, Rhys Morgan and Jon Allen. Simon Johnson is also a prolific songwriter for other artists.
Jinder continues to enjoy a lengthy solo career, resumed following the initial Mercurymen split. After The Mercurymen's departure from Sony BMG, Jinder signed to Universal Records subsidiary Mighty Village, who released his sixth solo album "Crumbs Of Comfort" (co-produced by fellow Mercuryman Simon Johnson) in September 2012.
In early 2013, after five years of requests and growing public demand, The Mercurymen announced that the band were to reunite for an ongoing run of live dates and new material, in the form of an EP release in Summer 2013, followed by the band's long-awaited second album in late 2013/early 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19061151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061151" title="Diderik Bøgvad">
Diderik Bøgvad

Diderik Kornelius Mortensen Bøgvad (1792–1857) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1842, representing the rural constituency of "Lister og Mandals Amt" (today named Vest-Agder). He sat through only one term.
Residing at Øye in Kvinesdal, he had been a shipmaster. He died in 1857.

</doc>
<doc id="19061158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061158" title="Alexander Muddiman">
Alexander Muddiman

Sir Alexander Phillips Muddiman KCSI CIE (14 February 1875 – 17 July 1928) was a British administrator in India.
Muddiman was born in Leighton Buzzard, Bedfordshire, England, and was educated at Wimborne School and University College, London. He joined the Indian Civil Service in 1897 and was posted to Bengal Presidency in 1899 as an assistant collector and magistrate in Bihar. In 1902 he was appointed Under-Secretary to the Government of Bengal, in 1905 Registrar of the Calcutta High Court, and in April 1910 Deputy Secretary of the Legislative Department of the Government of India. He became Secretary in 1915.
In 1919 he was appointed president of the Council of State, the upper house of the new Indian Legislature. In March 1924 he was appointed Home Member of the Government of India and Leader of the Legislative Assembly, the lower house of the Legislature.
At the end of 1927 he was appointed Governor of the United Provinces, but he was already a sick man and in July 1928 he died of heart failure at Naini Tal.
Muddiman was appointed Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire (CIE) in 1913 and Companion of the Order of the Star of India (CSI) in the 1920 New Year Honours. He was knighted in the 1922 New Year Honours and appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Star of India (KCSI) in the 1926 Birthday Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="19061163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061163" title="Chhatara">
Chhatara

Chhatara may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19061176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061176" title="Simion Ismailciuc">
Simion Ismailciuc

Simion Ismailciuc (born July 13, 1930 in Chilia Veche, Tulcea County, Romania, 
died 1986, Snagov, Ilfov County, Romania ) was a Romanian sprint canoer and Olympic champion.
Early life.
Born to an ethnic Ukrainian family of fishermen from the Danube Delta, he started fishing and paddling in a fisherman’s boat at the age of 6. During World War II he worked as an apprentice sailor on various types of river patrolboats, along with other boys in the area. After the war, he joined the Communist-inspired “Youth building sites” at Salva-Vişeu and Bumbeşti-Livezeni, after which he did his compulsory military service.While working and while in the military, he learned to play rugby and was quite talented at it.
Sporting career.
After being de-mobilised, he joined Dinamo Bucharest’s rugby team, where he played for a few months. Dinamo’s canoeing coach Radu Huţan, hearing about his fisherman and paddling past, persuaded him to switch to canoeing, to which Ismailciuc would devote the rest of his life.
His outstanding talent, exceptional working capacity and his life experience soon turned him into Huţan’s genuine, albeit unpaid, assistant coach. Fascinated by Ismailciuc’s Danube Delta stories, Huţan sent him on various scouting missions there, resulting in a series of talented youngsters from that area (of various ethnic backgrounds) rising rather quickly to canoeing glory (a trend which would continue over the following decades).
As for Ismailciuc himself, realising he could not match fellow Dinamo canoeist Leon Rotman’s times in the singles events, he looked for a partner among the young people he had selected, and he chose Alexe Dumitru. The two of them competed in the C-2 events in the 1956 Summer Olympics. Some liver complaints by Ismailciuc prevented them being placed higher than fifth in the C-2 10000 m event. However, they competed brilliantly in the C-2 1000 m event, where they won Olympic gold. They went on to become European champions in Ghent, Belgium (1957) in the C-2 10000 m event (they won silver in the C-2 1000 m event). The bronze medal in C-2 10000 m was won by two of Ismailciuc’s protégés (Ichim Lipalit-Lavrente Calinov), as one country was entitled to two entries in each event. At the 1958 World Championships in Prague, Ismailciuc and Alexe won the gold in the C-2 1000 m event. Deserted by Alexe (who had decided to quit sports and return to his previous job), Ismailciuc tried his luck in the C-1 1000 m event for the 1960 Summer Olympics, he was already credited with better results than reigning Olympic champion Leon Rotman. However, Romanian coaches were unable to decide between the two, so both were part of the Romanian Olympic delegation in Rome. The on-site test races on Lake Albano showed Rotman was faster and allowed to represent Romania at those games. Ismailciuc retired as a result of his second-place finish though he would return to win a gold in the C-1 1000 m event at the 1963 World Championships in Jajce.
Later life.
Simion Ismailciuc then coached for Dinamo Bucharest up to his old age retirement and, for the rest of his life, remained a valuable advisor to numerous Romanian world class canoeists and coaches. He died in 1986 in the house he had built for himself on the shore of Lake Snagov near Bucharest.

</doc>
<doc id="19061189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061189" title="Soccer's Hard Men">
Soccer's Hard Men

"Soccer's Hard Men" is a 1992 football video by Video Vision, presented by then-footballer and current actor Vinnie Jones. The video featured footage of British players (some still playing at the time and others who had by then retired) known for their ferocity, including Graeme Souness, Bryan Robson, Nobby Stiles, Norman Hunter, Jack Charlton, Steve McMahon, Tommy Smith, Peter Storrie, Ron "Chopper Harris" and Billy Bremner. Publicity for the video described it as "the toughest football video in history". This and similar claims led to accusations that the video glorified foul play. Jones' commentary, in which he described tricks used by "hard man" players to intimidate opponents, caused particular controversy.
The clubs of the players involved in the production were quick to distance themselves from the contents. Sam Hammam, chairman of Wimbledon, whose "Crazy Gang" featured heavily in the video, said the production was "nothing to do with Wimbledon", describing Jones (who played for Wimbledon) as "a mosquito brain", and banning the sale of the video in the club shop. The Football Association formally charged Jones with bringing the game into disrepute on 30 September 1992, with the video still yet to be released. Following a hearing on 17 November, Jones was fined a record £20,000, surpassing a fine of £8,500 issued to Paul McGrath three years earlier. Jones also received a suspended sentence with the potential for a six month ban, though the period of the suspended sentence expired without the ban being enacted.
The Professional Footballers' Association (PFA) attempted to bring an injunction to ban the video, but abandoned their efforts after being advised that it was not legally viable. PFA chief executive Gordon Taylor later gave evidence in support of Jones at an appeal hearing, held in February 1993. Jones' appeal was rejected, and his punishment upheld. 
Figures from London bookshop "Sportspages" listed "Soccer's Hard Men" as the second-best selling sports video in the run-up to Christmas 1992. 

</doc>
<doc id="19061195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061195" title="Xiao Jiangang">
Xiao Jiangang

Xiao Jiangang (Chinese: 肖建刚; born November 12, 1972) is a male Chinese weightlifter. He competed at 1996 Atlanta Olympics, and won a bronze medal in Men's 64 kg.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19061203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061203" title="William the Conqueror (short story collection)">
William the Conqueror (short story collection)

William the Conqueror is the sixth book in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton. It was first published in 1926. It is a book of short stories, and its name is a pun on William the Conqueror, a famous king of England. 

</doc>
<doc id="19061207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061207" title="Luo Zundian">
Luo Zundian

Luo Zundian,(羅遵殿) (? – March 19, 1860) was a Chinese governor of province who ended several rebellions, but forced suicide in Second rout the Army Group Jiangnan in Hangzhou when the Taiping forces fallen down this city at last.
Before 9 months Xiang Army raised, Luo Zundian was the first existing regional and village militia forces (Tuányǒng 團勇 and Xiāngyǒng 鄉勇) to against the Taiping rebellion from northern Hubei in late 1852 whole China, then he committed the vice governor of Hubei . 
Life.
Luo born in Susong County, Anhui. From very early in life, he showed remarkable ability, and he became a "shengyuan" in the imperial examination system. In 1835, he obtained "jinshi" degree, the highest level in the Imperial examination system. Shortly after this the central provinces of the empire were invaded by the Taiping rebels, and in he raised a regiment of militia. 
Rainy days:sadness begin.
Luo was the first death of 4 governors in 1860--1861 when Taiping attacks. Taiping commander Li Xiucheng spend 20 days fallen down Hangzhou from southern mountains, these days are rainy days but Luo directed citizens defence city bravely but loss. Sad was Luo Zundian's wife and daughters all forced suicide together that rain look like tears for their unlucky.
References.
Draft History of Qing

</doc>
<doc id="19061220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061220" title="Kotila">
Kotila

Kotila may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19061245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061245" title="Frederick Campbell Rose">
Frederick Campbell Rose

Frederick Campbell Rose CSI (1865 – 18 July 1946) was a Scottish civil engineer who spent most of his career in India.
Rose was born in Elgin and educated at Trinity College, Glenalmond and the Royal Indian Engineering College. He joined the Indian Public Works Department in 1886 and was posted to the Irrigation Branch in the Punjab, where he spent most of his career, becoming a leading authority on irrigation. In 1916 he was appointed Secretary of the Public Works Department, which carried with it membership of the Viceroy's Legislative Council.
He retired from Indian service in 1919 to take up the post of chief engineer of river improvements in the Chili Province of Northern China, finally retiring in 1927.
Rose was appointed Companion of the Order of the Star of India (CSI) in the 1920 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="19061253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061253" title="Frederick Rose">
Frederick Rose

Frederick Rose may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19061266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061266" title="List of Wyoming state symbols">
List of Wyoming state symbols

The following is a list of symbols of the U.S. State of Wyoming.

</doc>
<doc id="19061272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061272" title="William the Good (short story collection)">
William the Good (short story collection)

William the Good is the ninth book in the Just William series of books by Richmal Crompton. It was first published in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="19061274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061274" title="Estadio Los Cuchumatanes">
Estadio Los Cuchumatanes

Estadio Los Cuchumatanes is a football stadium located in Huehuetenango, Guatemala. It is home to football club Deportivo Xinabajul. Its capacity is around 5,340. The stadium opened its doors on January 17, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19061282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061282" title="Anania verbascalis">
Anania verbascalis

Anania verbascalis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 22–26 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Teucrium scorodonia" and "Verbascum thapsus".

</doc>
<doc id="19061284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061284" title="Aage Eriksen">
Aage Eriksen

Aage Eriksen (born May 5, 1917 in Notodden, died June 17, 1998 in Notodden, Telemark) was a Norwegian wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Eriksen competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London where he received a silver medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "lightweight" class.
National champion.
He represented the club SK Snøgg.

</doc>
<doc id="19061287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061287" title="William and Air Raid Precautions">
William and Air Raid Precautions

"William and Air Raid Precautions" is the 21st book of children's short stories in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton.

</doc>
<doc id="19061291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061291" title="Petr Maděra">
Petr Maděra

Petr Maděra (July 10, 1970, Ostrov nad Ohří) is a Czech poet and novelist.
After graduating from a grammar school, he studied landscape engineering at the Agricultural College in Prague. He specialised mainly in landscape architecture, dendrology and pisciculture. After that, he worked as an educator of the blind, and also as a landscape environmentalist for the district authorities in Prague-East. At the end of the 1990s, he took part in editing the Weles magazine, an important platform for the most recent poets. Nowadays he is dealing with applied graphics and works as an editor of a number of geology-oriented magazines and publications. He lives with his wife and two sons in Prague.
Works.
His work is characterized by very original poetics as far as both imagery and austere, distinctly polished expression are concerned. These qualities refer to the inspiration by Vladimír Holan's poetry. Together with the collections of poetry by Bogdan Trojak, Petr Hruška, Petr Borkovec, Pavel Kolmačka and J. H. Krchovský, Maděra's two highly praised poetry books, "Krevel" and "Komorní hůrka" have formed the horizon of recent Czech poetry. Has widely published in the following literary periodicals: Iniciály, Modrý květ, Weles, Host, Tvar, Texty, Sedmá generace etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19061296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061296" title="Atichaur">
Atichaur

Atichaur is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,968 and had 546 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061300" title="Artur Pontek">
Artur Pontek

Artur Pontek (en. Arthur Pontek) is a Polish actor, born in Warsaw on 10 May 1975. He studied in Warsaw, where he made his theatrical debut as Mephisto in "Holenderze Tułaczu" in the Zone 2 theatre. He has won multiple Wild Rose awards for best actor, granted by the Polish media, in 2001, 2003 and 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19061303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061303" title="Eucalyptus rossii">
Eucalyptus rossii

Eucalyptus rossii, commonly known as Inland Scribbly Gum, Western Scribbly Gum, Snappy Gum or White Gum, is a smooth-barked eucalypt of eastern Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19061310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061310" title="Ancylolomia tentaculella">
Ancylolomia tentaculella

Ancylolomia tentaculella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Southern and Central Europe, Anatolia and the Middle East.
The wingspan is 30–34 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on larger grasses.

</doc>
<doc id="19061315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061315" title="Selwyn Fremantle">
Selwyn Fremantle

Sir Selwyn Howe Fremantle CSI CIE (11 August 1869 – 16 March 1942) was a British administrator in India.
Fremantle was the son of Admiral Sir Edmund Fremantle, fourth son of Thomas Fremantle, 1st Baron Cottesloe. He was educated at Eton College and Magdalen College, Oxford, and joined the Indian Civil Service in 1890. He became settlement officer at Rai Bareli in 1895 and a magistrate and collector in 1903. He was appointed Registrar of Co-operative Societies in the United Provinces in 1907, Collector and Magistrate of Allahabad in 1913, Commissioner of Bareilly in 1918, Controller of Passages of the United Provinces in 1919, and Commissioner of Meerut in 1919. In 1920 he was appointed a member of the Council of the Lieutenant-Governor of the United Provinces and in 1921 he became a member of the Provincial Board of Revenue. He retired in 1925.
He was appointed Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire (CIE) in 1915 and Companion of the Order of the Star of India (CSI) in the 1920 New Year Honours, and was knighted in the 1925 Birthday Honours.
He died of injuries sustained in a road accident on 13 March 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="19061316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061316" title="Baddhu">
Baddhu

Baddhu is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,778 and had 748 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061318" title="Black Diamond (elephant)">
Black Diamond (elephant)

Black Diamond (1898-1929) was an Indian elephant owned by the Al G. Barnes Circus. 
History.
Weighing nine tons, he was believed to be the largest Indian elephant in captivity. A good worker but prone to fits of temper, he was generally kept chained to two calm female elephants during parades through the towns the circus visited. On October 12, 1929, while being unloaded in Corsicana, Texas, Black Diamond went on a rampage, injuring his long-time former trainer, H. D. (Curley) Pritchett, and killing Pritchett's current employer, Eva Speed Donohoo (or Donohue).
Ms. Donohoo was not the first person Black Diamond had killed, so after his recapture he was deemed too dangerous to continue with the circus and the decision was made to put him down. Numerous ideas were floated but his size made most of them unworkable; the final decision was to shoot him. As many as 50, perhaps more than 100, shots were required before Black Diamond died.
His mounted head, on display in a museum in Houston, Texas for many years, was eventually acquired by a local Corsicana businessman, Carmack Watkins, who had been a five-year-old boy in the crowd that day in October 1929. Allegedly, one of his feet was made into a pedestal for a bust of Hans Nagle, Houston's first zookeeper, the man who fired the final shot that brought Black Diamond down. Another one of his legs is on display in the old post office in the ghost town, Helena, TX.
In 2006, singer/songwriter Al Evans wrote "Black Diamond's Song," a lament from the pachyderm's perspective. [http://www.alevans.com]
Further reading.
There are videos, photos, and an article on Black Diamond and Carmack Watkins in Texas Towns Revealed Magazine www.TexasTownsRevealed.com

</doc>
<doc id="19061322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061322" title="ATHEANA">
ATHEANA

A Technique for Human Error Analysis (ATHEANA) is a technique used in the field of human reliability assessment (HRA). The purpose of ATHEANA is to evaluate the probability of human error while performing a specific task. From such analyses, preventative measures can then be taken to reduce human errors within a system and therefore lead to improvements in the overall level of safety.
There exist three primary reasons for conducting a HRA; error identification, error quantification and error reduction. As there exist a number of techniques used for such purposes, they can be split into one of two classifications; first generation techniques and second generation techniques. 
First generation techniques work on the basis of the simple dichotomy of ‘fits/doesn’t fit’ in the matching of the error situation in context with related error identification and quantification and second generation techniques are more theory based in their assessment and quantification of errors. ‘HRA techniques have been utilised in a range of industries including healthcare, engineering, nuclear, transportation and business sector; each technique has varying uses within different disciplines.
ATHEANA is used following the occurrence of an incident. The various drivers of an incident and the possible outcomes are categorised into one of the following groupings: organisational influences; performance shaping factors; error mechanisms; unsafe actions; human failure event; unacceptable outcome(s). The resultant model may indicate solutions to improve reliability, however there are no numerical aspects involved in the methodology used to construct the model. Due to this characteristic, the technique is thus not considered to be suitable for use in certain fields such as comparative design work or sensitivity analysis. The methodology of ATHEANA is not predictive but does serve as a diagnostic modelling tool. Furthermore, its lack of Human Error Probability (HEP) as an output is a marked difference of the method compared to first generation HRA methodologies. The outcome provided by ATHEANA identifies various human actions within a system while also eliciting many contextual situations within this system, which influence whether the action will be carried out successfully or will lead to failure.
Background.
ATHEANA is a post-incident Human Reliability Assessment (HRA) methodology developed by the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission in 2000. It was developed in the hope that certain types of human behaviour in nuclear plants and industries, which use similar processes, could be represented in a way in which they could be more easily understood. It seeks to provide a robust psychological framework to evaluate and identify Performance Shaping Factors (PSFs) - including organisational/environmental factors - which have driven incidents involving human factors, primarily with the intention of suggesting process improvement.. Essentially it is a method of representing complex accident reports within a standardised structure, which may be easier to understand and communicate.
ATHEANA mythology.
There are seven basic steps to the ATHEANA mythology 
The formulation by which ATHEANA quantifies error is as follows :
where:

</doc>
<doc id="19061324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061324" title="Bai, Nepal">
Bai, Nepal

Bai is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,878 and had 551 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061329" title="Jens Henrik Beer">
Jens Henrik Beer

Jens Henrik Beer (11 June 1799 – 22 June 1881) was a Norwegian businessperson, farmer and politician.
He was born in Flekkefjord as a son of ship-owner and consul Christopher Beer (1770–1839) and Anne Malene Tjørsvaag (1772–1820). He was an older brother of Anders Beer, and a grandson of Jens Henrik Beer, Sr.. He attended school in Bergen and England, and then worked for a period in Bergen before returning to his hometown in 1821. In 1824 he married Andrea Laurentze Mølbach (1802–1872).
He worked as a ship-owner, shipbuilder, sawmill owner and merchant. He was the vice consul for Denmark from 1830 to 1853, the Russian Empire from 1932 to 1863 and the Netherlands from 1853 to 1863. He was elected to the Parliament of Norway in 1836, representing the rural constituency of Lister og Mandals Amt. He sat through only one term. He was mayor of Flekkefjord in 1840, and his brother was mayor in 1843.
In 1830 he bought some land at Øysanden near Fedafjorden in Kvinesdal, establishing a farm. According to Wollert Keilhau, "he did rational farming, which one then got to see for the first time in those corners of the country". . He wrote articles on agriculture, and was awarded for one of his articles by the Royal Norwegian Society for Development in 1837 and by the Highland and Agricultural Society of Scotland in 1851. Following the crisis for herring fishery in Flekkefjord in the 1830s, he added a brewery and a distillery. However, the distillery was unpopular among the local populace, and went defunct after ten years. He finally pulled out of Flekkefjord's ship industry in 1854, and died in June 1881 in Kvinesdal.

</doc>
<doc id="19061333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061333" title="Barhabise, Seti">
Barhabise, Seti

Barhabise is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,543 and had 1169 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061336" title="Bresle method">
Bresle method

The Bresle method is used to determine concentration of soluble salts on metal surfaces prior to coating application, such as painting. These salts can cause serious adhesion problems after time.
Importance.
Salt is ubiquitous in coastal areas. It can be tasted on the lips after walking on a beach. Salt concentration by weight is about 3.5% in sea water. With spray from waves and by other means, salt gets into the air as an aerosol, and eventually as a dust-like particle. This salt dust can be found everywhere near the coast. Salt has the property of being hygroscopic, and this property makes it harmful to coatings.
Salt contamination beneath a coating, such as paint on steel, can cause adhesion and corrosion problems due to the hygroscopic nature of salt. Its tendency to attract water through a permeable coating creates a build-up of water molecules between substrate and coating. These, together with salt and other oxidation agents entrapped during coating or migrating later through the coating, create an electrolytic cell, causing corrosion. Blast cleaning is frequently used to clean surfaces before coating; however, with salt contamination, blast cleaning may increase the problem by forcing salt into the base material. Washing a surface with deionized water before coating is a common solution.
IMO PSPC (performance standard for protective coatings) regulations set a maximum allowable concentration of soluble salts on a surface to be coated, measured as sodium chloride, of 50 mg•m−2. The maximum amount of salt allowed on a surface prior to coating application is typically determined by the coating supplier and the user, such as a shipyard. Standard values have not been established.
Origin of the Bresle Method.
The Bresle method was launched in 1995 in the ISO 8502-6 and ISO 8502-9 standards. The test was developed to measure soluble salt concentration on steel surfaces prior to blasting cleaning and coating. Not only ISO, but also the US Navy, IMO, NAVSEA, and ASTM adopted this method as their standard. The method remains the primary and most flexible test method for soluble salts on metal surfaces.
Principle.
The Bresle method uses the difference of conductivity of salts in water, each salt having a characteristic conductivity-versus-concentration relationship. The correlation between concentration and conductivity can be found in “Handbook of Chemistry and Physics”. This relationship is useful only if the dissolved salt is known. Sodium chloride, the main salt in sea water, causes a big increase in conductivity with increased concentration.
A special patch is applied to the surface to be tested, and a specified volume of deionized water is injected under the patch. Any soluble salts present on the surface will dissolve in the water. The fluid is extracted and its conductivity measured.
The conductivity of the collected salt solution depends on the volume of water used and its initial conductivity, and the amount of salt in solution depends on the area of the patch. The calculation of the salt per area is based on increased conductivity but in the IMO PSPC method the salt is calculated as sodium chloride, in the ISO 8502-9 method it is calculated as a specific mixture of salts.
Calculation Factors.
Factors are applied to the measured conductivity, depending on what is known or assumed about the salt contamination and various conditions, in order to yield meaningful measurements of contamination. Some of the variables are:
A common source of error is not knowing the composition of the contamination being measured.
Measurement Tools.
There are multiple suppliers of Bresle method test kits.
The Principle.
The solubility in water depends on the type of salt. Sodium chloride can be dissolved in cold water to a concentration of 357 g∙l−1. Not only solubility differs between salts but also the conductivity. When performing a Bresle method test, not only sodium chloride is dissolved but also all other salts present on the surface. Because it is impossible to predict which salts are present at the surface, an assumption is made in the Bresle method. The term “measured as sodium chloride” indicates that this mixture of salts is interpreted as sodium chloride. Reporting how conductivity is factored is essential when creating a report.
In Practice.
All parties involved should be clear on the impact on results of climate and the variance of the potentially different salt contents. An informed agreement should be reached between all parties as to what is an acceptable level of reading. Dependant on the size and nature of the surface to be coated, several readings may need to be taken.
Test Patches.
A test patch should be as clean as possible. Contamination of a patch can influence the results significantly. 
The ISO 8502-6 standard prescribes in annex A that certified patches shall be used. This annex describes a stress test to ensure patch adhesion and wash ability..
Climate.
A soluble salts report should include climate conditions and substrate temperature. ISO 8502-6 requires that the test is done at 23°C and a relative humidity of 50%, with deviations reported and agreed upon by both inspector and customer. During arbitration, absence of these values in a report may render the results invalid.

</doc>
<doc id="19061340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061340" title="Bichhiya">
Bichhiya

Bichhiya is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,904 and had 352 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061345" title="Równe, Opole Voivodeship">
Równe, Opole Voivodeship

Równe () is a village located in Poland, in Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County, Gmina Głubczyce, near the border with the Czech Republic. 

</doc>
<doc id="19061349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061349" title="Bramhatola">
Bramhatola

Bramhatola is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,855 and had 1011 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061350" title="Salisbury and South Wiltshire Museum">
Salisbury and South Wiltshire Museum

Salisbury and South Wiltshire Museum, commonly known as Salisbury Museum, is a museum in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England. It houses one of the best collections relating to Stonehenge and local archaeology.
The museum itself is housed in The King's House, a Grade I listed building, where King James I of England was entertained in 1610 and 1613. Set in the surroundings of the Salisbury Cathedral Close, the museum faces the west front of Salisbury Cathedral.
The original three-storey building with mullioned and transomed windows, ornate plaster ceilings and a fine oak-balustraded staircase, houses the main temporary exhibition gallery, with the ceramics gallery above.
The arms of James I's eldest son, Henry Frederick, Prince of Wales, can be seen in a window in the Wedgewood gallery upstairs.
The Director of the museum is Adrian Green.
Temporary Exhibitions.
Popular summer exhibitions since 2011 have featured artists who share a close connection with the locality. From May–September 2013, Rex Whistler: A Talent Cut Short' was the temporary exhibition. Whistler came to prominence between the World Wars. Alongside commercial work for Wedgwood Pottery, Shell Petroleum, Guinness and The London Underground, he also painted many members of London’s fashionable Bright Young Things - including writer Edith Sitwell and photographer Cecil Beaton. Whistler also produced mural cycles, including one at Tate Britain, stage designs and book illustrations, as well as portraits, and commercial designs. He was killed on his first day of action as a soldier in Normandy in 1944. In summer of 2012, Salisbury Museum presented 'Circles And Tangents' featuring the work of artists connected with Cranborne Chase, including Augustus John, Henry Lamb, Ben Nicholson, John Craxton, Lucian Freud, Stanley Spencer, Elisabeth Frink, William Nicholson and over 25 other artists. In 2011, the temporary exhibition was 'Constable and Salisbury'. Timed to coincide with the 200th anniversary of Constable’s first visit to Salisbury, the exhibition contained over forty original oil paintings, watercolours and drawings, including the famous 'Salisbury Cathedral from the Meadows'.
Rex Whistler Archive.
A £350,000 grant from the National Heritage Memorial Fund (NHMF) was awarded in August 2013, to help save the personal archive of Rex Whistler. The Salisbury Museum hopes to purchase the archive, which contains over 1,000 items and is the only substantial collection of material relating to Rex Whistler.
Lake House Meteorite.
In September 10, 2012, a 90 kg meteorite, possibly the biggest to have ever fallen on the British Isles, went on display at the Salisbury and South Wiltshire Museum. For at least 80 years it sat near the front door of Lake House at Wilsford-cum-Lake near Salisbury. When the house was sold, the stone was confirmed as a meteorite by the Natural History Museum where it remained in storage for many years. Professor Colin Pillinger, famed for his work on the Beagle 2 Mars spacecraft, had been studying a smaller meteorite from the Danebury Hill Fort in Hampshire and felt that there could be a connection between the two. The meteorite from Lake House was retrieved from storage and although the two objects were found to be unrelated, Professor Pillinger continued with his study of the larger meteorite.
The meteorite landed on earth some 30,000 years ago and was apparently preserved by the frozen conditions during the last ice age. In normal circumstances the meteorite would have disintegrated, but the cold and ice helped preserve it. Thousands of years later, in the Stone or Bronze Age, it is thought that the meteorite was built into a burial mound close to Lake House. The local chalk environment would again have helped to preserve it. The meteorite may have been unearthed in the 19th century by Edward Duke, a previous owner of Lake House who was an antiquarian who excavated burial mounds nearby and had his own private museum. Photographic evidence shows it on the doorstep of Lake House at the time the property was owned by the brewer Joseph Lovibond, Mayor of Salisbury in 1878-79 and 1890-91.
The Tisbury Hoard.
In November 2011 the Museum displayed a hoard of over 100 copper alloy objects which were over 2,700 years old and dated to the late Bronze Age and early Iron Age. It was found at Tisbury by a metal detectorist, and consists of tools - axe heads, chisels, sickles, gouges, as well as spearheads, daggers, knives, swords and scabbard fittings. It was the most important hoard to have been found in Wiltshire since the discovery of the Salisbury Hoard in the 1980s.
Stonehenge Gallery.
The Museum's permanent displays questions how and when the Stonehenge monument may have been constructed. The Museum houses a number of images of Stonehenge as seen through the eyes of artists, including a watercolour by JMW Turner. The gallery explores the history of archaeological research on this landmark site.
The New Wessex Gallery of Archaeology.
In June 2012, the Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF) awarded Salisbury Museum a grant of £1,794,600 towards the development of a new Archaeology of Wessex Gallery. The new gallery is due to open in summer 2014, and will be of international importance, telling the story of Salisbury and the surrounding area from prehistoric times to the Norman Conquest. The Archaeology of Wessex gallery will show why Salisbury has a unique place in history. The museum's collections include some of the most important archaeological finds in Britain, including artefacts from the Stonehenge World Heritage Site, the Pitt Rivers Wessex Collection and the Amesbury Archer.
Other Collections.
The Museum has an art collection of over 4,000 paintings, prints and drawings, representing local personalities, topographical scenes, special events and everyday life, or created by local artists of note. An outstanding Costume Collection includes clothes relating to the people in and around Salisbury over the past 250 years, including wedding dresses, uniforms, formal wear and lace samples produced by Downton Lace. The Museum also has an outstanding collection of ceramics. Local Verwood and Wiltshire Brown ware is represented alongside the celebrated Wedgwood, Bow and Chelsea potteries.

</doc>
<doc id="19061351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061351" title="Evergestis extimalis">
Evergestis extimalis

Evergestis extimalis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Eurasia.
The wingspan is 27–31 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Brassicaceae species.

</doc>
<doc id="19061352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061352" title="NYU Langone Medical Center">
NYU Langone Medical Center

NYU Langone Medical Center is an academic medical center in New York City affiliated with New York University. It was placed on the Honor Roll of "U.S. News" "Best Hospitals" in the nation for 2012-2013. The Medical Center comprises the NYU School of Medicine and three hospitals: Tisch Hospital, the Rusk Institute of Rehabilitation Medicine, and the Hospital for Joint Diseases. The institution is known for evidence-based clinical care across a wide range of specialties including its five key clinical areas: cardiac and vascular, cancer, musculoskeletal, neurology and neurosurgery, and children’s services.
NYU Langone also treats the full range of medical conditions in outstanding programs including the Fertility Center, Weight Management Program (including bariatric surgery), Institute for Reconstructive Plastic Surgery, Robotic Surgery Center, Cochlear Implant Center, Sleep Disorders Center, and programs ranging from maternal-fetal medicine to Alzheimer's disease.
In 2008, Kenneth and Elaine Langone made an unrestricted $200 million gift—the largest in the Medical Center's history—and the NYU Medical Center was subsequently renamed the NYU Elaine A. and Kenneth G. Langone Medical Center. Kenneth Langone is the chairman of the board of trustees. In November 2008, Helen Kimmel, widow of real estate developer and philanthropist Martin Kimmel, donated $150 million toward the construction of a new patient pavilion in his honor.
NYU School of Medicine.
Founded in 1841, the School of Medicine includes the Joan and Joel Smilow Research Center, devoted to translational (patient-oriented) medicine; the Skirball Institute of Biomolecular Medicine, a basic research facility; the Sackler Institute of Graduate Biomedical Sciences, which offers interdisciplinary training programs in the basic medical sciences, leading to the Ph.D. degree; and the NYU Post-Graduate Medical School, offering continuing medical education courses to physicians and other biomedical health professionals.
NYU School of Medicine enrolls approximately 700 students, including about 70 in the M.D./Ph.D. training program, and over 1,100 residents and fellows. Its total faculty numbers over 4,500, both full- and part-time.
NYU School of Medicine has four recipients of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine among their alumni and former faculty. The faculty also includes six Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigators, eight Institute of Medicine members, and six National Academy of Science members. Ten are fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and eight are members of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
The School of Medicine maintains affiliations with several leading area hospitals, including the Bellevue Hospital Center, the nation’s oldest public hospital, which serves as its primary teaching affiliate, the Manhattan Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Woodhull Hospital in Brooklyn, Gouverneur Healthcare Services in Manhattan, and the New York Harbor Veterans Affairs Medical Center.
Hospitals.
Tisch Hospital is a 705-bed acute care tertiary hospital, serves some 37,000 inpatients annually. NYU Langone also consists of the Rusk Institute of Rehabilitation Medicine, the first and one of the largest facilities of its kind in the world, and the Hospital for Joint Diseases, one of only five orthopedic/rheumatology hospitals in the world. Combined, the hospitals perform over 15,000 inpatient surgical procedures annually, and see over 656,000 outpatient visits each year. In 2010, there were over 1 million physician office visits.
History.
With a tradition of responding to urgent public health issues, the faculty and alumni of NYU School of Medicine have contributed to the control of tuberculosis, diphtheria, yellow fever, and venereal disease; the development of vaccines for hepatitis B, polio, and cancer; advances in the treatment and prevention of stroke and heart disease; the introduction of minimally invasive surgical techniques; and others. In the early 1980s, clincians and researchers at NYU School of Medicine, including dermatologists, infectious disease specialists, immunologists, oncologists, and epidemiologists, were among the first to identify an alarming increase in Kaposi's sarcoma, opportunistic infections, and immune system failure among young gay men, and alert health authorities to an imminent health catastrophe, soon to be known as HIV/AIDS. NYU School of Medicine ranks 4th in the nation in the percentage of alumni who go on to become full-time faculty in U.S. medical schools, and 80 percent of its medical students participate in research.
The hospital's emergency generators failed during the October 30, 2012 Hurricane Sandy, forcing an evacuation including patients in critical condition.
Fashion designer Marc Jacobs has an ongoing project entitled, ""Protect The Skin You're In"", which has female celebrities pose nude, with their breasts and frontal area covered, for T-shirts to raise awareness about melanoma, and all sales benefit the hospital. Some of the celebrities that have posed are: Miley Cyrus, Eva Mendes, Kate Upton, Victoria Beckham, Heidi Klum, Hilary Swank, and Naomi Campbell.
Achievements.
NYU Langone Medical Center consistently ranks among the nation’s top 50 hospitals in leading annual surveys. It has also been rated among the best hospitals in the country for the safety and quality of its care, and has earned a Magnet Award for excellence in nursing, conferred on less than 6 percent of the nation’s hospitals. NYU Langone is ranked nationally in 15 specialties on the "U.S. News & World Report" "Best Hospitals" 2011-2012 list, including top 10 rankings for Rehabilitation Medicine, Orthopaedics, and Rheumatology and a #11 ranking for Neurology & Neurosurgery. In addition, the medical center was ranked #2 in the New York Metropolitan Region on the "U.S. News" "Best Regional Hospitals" 2010-2011 list. More than 120 of its physicians are included on the 2011 list of "New York" magazine's "Best Doctors."
In 2010, NYU Langone received a Gold Seal of Approval from The Joint Commission, reflecting a commitment to high-quality care, and in 2009, the Rusk Institute and Hospital for Joint Diseases received accreditation from the Commission of Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities.
NYU Langone is a recipient of the Niagara Health Quality Coalition's (NHQC) New York State Hospital Report Card Honor Roll for patient safety and quality in 2009, 2010, and 2011 and was also recognized on the 2011 NHQC America's Safest Hospitals list, honoring hospitals that performed better than the state average in New York
On July 28, 2011, "Becker's Hospital Review" listed the Hospital for Joint Diseases at NYU Langone Medical Center under 60 Hospitals With Great Orthopedic Programs.
External links.
NYU Langone Medical Center comprises: 
Departments

</doc>
<doc id="19061357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061357" title="Budhiganga">
Budhiganga

Budhiganga is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,459 and had 470 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061361" title="Denbigh (disambiguation)">
Denbigh (disambiguation)

Denbigh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19061364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061364" title="Tshila">
Tshila

Sarah Tshila, a.k.a. Tshila is a world-fusion musician from Uganda who first got onto the music scene in 2005 as a member of the pioneering Ugandan hip-hop group, Bataka Squad. She started out as the female MC in the group then later began to explore a solo career as an Afro-Fusion artist.
Biography.
Tshila was born on 10 June 1983 in Kampala, Uganda. She went to university in Valdosta, Georgia and received a bachelor's degree in Computer Science in May 2005. 
She began making music in August, 2005, after she met Ugandan hip-hop group, Bataka Squad and was introduced to their rap style that combined rhymes from Luganda, the local language, with Western rhythm. She later branched out as a solo artist, with a different style of music that combined afro-fusion, hip-hop and African traditional rhythms.
In July 2006 she played at the Zanzibar International Film Festival where she was first recognized as a contributor to the diversity of Ugandan music abroad.[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zP70xY2TUmg She was also featured in a documentary for Current TV about the struggles that a young African goes through in modern times, called "Raw Truth".[http://current.com/items/76455462_raw_truth] 
In 2007, Tshila was named one of the 20 best unsigned artists in the world by the BBC World Service in their talent search called "The Next Big Thing"[http://www.bbc.co.uk/worldservice/thenextbigthing/][http://www.bbc.co.uk/worldservice/specials/129_nbt07_rules/page3.shtml]. 
In August 2007, she recorded her first album, called "Sipping from The Nile", which combined spoken word poetry, African traditional music and hip-hop. It has not yet been officially released, but has received acclaim from music critics in East Africa[http://www.newvision.co.ug/D/9/507/585292][http://www.gbmnews.com/articles/1170/1/Tshila-set-to-be-the-next-best-musician-out-of-Africa/Page1.html].
She has also been recognized as a spokesperson and contributor to youth movements for social reform in Uganda.[http://www.worldpulse.com/voyages/200704/journey.html]
Press.
Magazine 2009

</doc>
<doc id="19061367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061367" title="Peter Monie">
Peter Monie

Peter William Monie CSI (30 March 1877 – 11 December 1946) was a British administrator in India who later became a clergyman and was first honorary general secretary of Toc H, from 1925 to 1935.
Monie was born in Rothesay, Bute, Scotland. He was educated at Irvine Royal Academy, the University of Glasgow, and Balliol College, Oxford. He joined the Indian Civil Service in 1900 and was posted to Bombay Presidency as an Assistant Collector and Assistant Judge. In 1905, he was appointed Under-Secretary to the Government of Bombay and to the Home Department of the Government of India in 1907. From 1913, he served as Acting Collector of Nawabshah District, Sind, and in 1915 he was appointed Secretary to the Government of Bombay. He became Municipal Commissioner for the City of Bombay in 1916, Deputy Director of Development for Bombay in 1920, and retired in 1925.
Having been ordained into the Scottish Episcopal Church, he served as an assistant curate at St Mary's Cathedral, Glasgow from 1936 and was later appointed rector of Old St Paul's Church in Edinburgh, a post he held until his death.
Monie was appointed Companion of the Order of the Star of India (CSI) in the 1920 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="19061373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061373" title="Chhatara, Bajura">
Chhatara, Bajura

Chhatara is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="19061379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061379" title="D90">
D90

D90 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19061381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061381" title="Sib Sibulo">
Sib Sibulo

Jonathan Salva Sibulo, more popularly known as Sib, is a Filipino television personality. He was the host of Jack TV’s The Sib Show (later renamed The Jackyard). He had previously won the hosting gig, along with Sam Oh (of ETC’s Rated Oh! fame) on Solar Entertainment’s Face-Off (2004), a televised, albeit cable, hosting competition. During his stint on "Jack TV" he hosted various television programs and live events for the channel.
In 2007, Sibulo was one of 3 winners of the MTV VJ Hunt 2007 (alongside Kat Alano and Andi Manzano). He is currently active on 4 shows on MTV Philippines, namely Campus Crashers, Uploaded on MTV (which he co-hosts with Kat Alano), Timeout, Full Tank, and occasionally hosts Gimme 10. Sib also works as a radio DJ on U92 with his own radio talk show, Shatterday Saturday.
In-between his stint on "Jack TV" and MTV Philippines, he had also worked as a host for 'Shop TV".
Sibulo has consistently hosted afternoon slots for Pulp Magazine’s Pulp Summerslam for the last 3 years (2006–2008).
Sibulo also has close ties with Tower of Doom Productions and hosts its yearly nationwide (Philippines) rock show tour, the Tower of Doom Siege Tour.
Sibulo also hosts various school/youth oriented and corporate events.
Aside from his hosting work, Sib also fronts Filipino independent band, Day One Movement. They are currently working on songs for their debut album.
Sibulo graduated with a degree in Philosophy from the Ateneo de Manila University. He is currently completing his master’s studies in Communications.
Right now, together with Bianca Saldua, Sibulo currently hosts UNTV's first quiz show suited for elementary and high school students to win scholarships, Campus Challenge

</doc>
<doc id="19061385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061385" title="Dahakot">
Dahakot

Dahakot is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,312 and had 569 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061386" title="Evergestis limbata">
Evergestis limbata

Evergestis limbata is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 20–23 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Brassicaceae species, such as Garlic Mustard and Hedge mustard.

</doc>
<doc id="19061387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061387" title="Mexico at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Mexico at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Mexico sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. The country was represented by 68 athletes, a smaller delegation than at the previous Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19061392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061392" title="Werner Abelshauser">
Werner Abelshauser

Werner Abelshauser (born 24 November 1944 in Wiesloch near Heidelberg) is a German economic historian.
Life.
Abelshauser studied economics at the University of Mannheim and graduated in 1970. He received his PhD at Ruhr University Bochum in 1973 with his dissertation on West German economy 1945-1948. In 1980 he was appointed as Professor for economic and social history in Bochum. From 1983 to 1988 he was acting director of the institute for the research on the European workers movement (IGA, now institute for social movements, ISB). He was visiting professor at Bielefeld, Göttingen, Cologne, (Germany), Oxford (United Kingdom), Florence (Italy), St. Louis, Missouri (United States) and Sydney (Australia). From 1988 to 1991 he held the chair in European History of the 20th century at the European University Institute (EUI) in Florence. Since 1991 he is heading the chair in Economic history at Bielefeld University. He is member of the Institute for Research on Science and Technology and founding member of the Bielefeld Institute for Global Society Studies. He is among the editors of the journal “Geschichte und Gesellschaft” (History and Society), the leading journal of history as social science, and the Journal of Comparative Government and European Policy (ZSE).
Focus of Research.
Abelshauser’s dissertation (published 1975) was the first theory-based thesis on the causes of the German “Wirtschaftswunder” (the so-called economic miracle of the early federal republic) that included the relevant sources for that topic. Its findings put into perspective the impact of the Marshall Plan, the monetary reform of 1948 and Ludwig Erhard’s model of social market economy as the crucial forces behind the comeback of the West German economy in the 1950s. Instead the study points out the importance of the specific circumstances of reconstruction of the West German economy, which could not be reproduced after the ‘long’ 1950s.
Most of Abelshauser’s arguments were first fiercely criticized by historians as well as in prominent public newspapers like the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung. Today his thesis is broadly accepted in the field. The news weekly “Die Zeit” concluded in 1996 that Abelshauser rewrote the economic history of the Federal Republic. His book “Deutsche Wirtschaftsgeschichte seit 1945” (German economic history since 1945, newly published 2004) is among the benchmarks of German economic history.
Abelshauser’s second field of research is business history. His work on the history of the chemical company BASF (2004, German original edition 2002, 2003, 2007) and on the history of the steel giant Krupp during the Third Reich (2002) is core literature for the “new business history” (Hans-Ulrich Wehler) and was crucial for the emergence of this new discipline. Here, Abelshauser focuses on specific and historically established cultures of the companies and their economic importance for current business decisions.
A third field is the reaction of the German social system of production to the second economic revolution (see Douglass C. North). According to Abelshauser, Globalization and scientification at the end of the 19th century created “new industries” that focused on immaterial production. During that time a set of economic institutions were established which still shape the German economy. His Volume “The Dynamics of German Industry” (2005, German original edition 2002, Jap. edition 2009) interprets historic and recent pressures on these institutions as part of a struggle between two different systems of capitalisms (American vs. “Rhenish” i.e. European Capitalism). His thesis, which - up to the financial crisis of 2008 - was standing against the scientific and public mainstream, gives him the reputation of a prominent supporter of the German/European model of capitalism in the era of Globalization.
Recently, Abelshausers focus turned towards scientific biography. As shown in his work on Hans Matthoefer (2009), he aims to find out, under which conditions people change their way of thinking and acting and, by doing so, help to create new economic, political or social institutions. With his biographical approach Abelshauser added a new method to the corpus of the school of New Institutional Economics.

</doc>
<doc id="19061395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061395" title="Joachim Messing">
Joachim Messing

Joachim W. Messing (born 1946) is a university professor of Molecular Biology and the fourth director of the Waksman Institute of Microbiology at Rutgers University.
Since his arrival at Rutgers in 1985, Jo Messing has initiated research activity on computational and structural biology and further emphasis on molecular genetics of the regulation of gene expression and biomolecular interactions. In the eighties, he provided incubator space for two Biotechnology centers at Rutgers, one in Medicine and one in Agriculture. Subsequently, he also founded two new departments at Rutgers and served as the first chair, the Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry and the Department of Genetics.
Prof Messing is also involved in the Plant Genome Initiative at Rutgers, which has contributed to the sequencing of the maize, sorghum, and the rice genome.
Research.
Jo Messing is a pharmacist by training, but has specialized in molecular biology during his PhD-research at the LM University of Munich and the Max-Planck Institute of Biochemistry.
In the late seventies and early eighties, Jo Messing and his colleagues developed the shotgun DNA sequencing method with single and paired synthetic universal primers. The method is based on fragmenting DNA into small sizes, purifying them by cloning, and defining the start of sequencing with a short oligonucleotide.
Because fragmentation produces overlapping fragments, sequences can be concatenated by overlapping sequence information, thereby reconstructing contiguous sequences (contigs), which was first exemplified by the complete structure of a plant DNA virus. His cloning vectors were also used to develop the method for oligonucleotide site-directed mutagenesis. DNA cloning, shotgun sequencing and site-directed mutagenesis became widely used to sequence large DNA molecules like human chromosomes and to engineer genes and proteins. These methods are freely available, have been the cornerstone of the biotechnology industry and are cited in many patents.
At Rutgers, his basic research is directed to the evolution of plant chromosomes and gene duplication. He also researches non-Mendelian inheritance.
His applied research is focused on upgrading the nutritional value of corn, by genetically modifying corn to make methionine and lysine in the seeds, two of the essential amino acids that people and livestock need in their diet.
Another applied research line is investigating the genetic properties of sorghum. A natural sorghum variant with increased sugar in the stem allows the plant to be used for both biofuel and feed.
Education.
1968: B.S. in Pharmacy, Düsseldorf, Germany<br>
1971: M.S. in Pharmacy, Free University of Berlin, Berlin<br>
1975: Dr.Rer.Nat. in Biochemistry/Pharmacy Ludwig-Maximilians University, Munich, Germany
Professional career.
1975-1978: Research Fellow, Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry, Munich, Germany<br>
1978-1980: Research Associate in Bacteriology, University of California, Davis, CA <br>
1980-1982: Assistant Professor of Biochemistry, University of Minnesota, St. Paul, MN <br>
1982-1984: Associate Professor of Biochemistry, University of Minnesota, St. Paul, MN <br>
1984-1985: Professor of Biochemistry, University of Minnesota, St. Paul, MN <br>
1985-present: University Professor of Molecular Biology, Rutgers University <br>
1988-present: Director, Waksman Institute, Rutgers University

</doc>
<doc id="19061396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061396" title="Heikki Kähkönen">
Heikki Kähkönen

Heikki Kähkönen (26 December 1891 – 30 June 1962) was a Finnish wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Kähkönen competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp where he received a silver medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "featherweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19061398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061398" title="Dogadi">
Dogadi

Dogadi is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,797 and had 511 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061404" title="Yulia Ryabchinskaya">
Yulia Ryabchinskaya

Yulia Ryabchinskaya (January 21, 1947 - January 13, 1973) was a canoeist from Ukraine and Olympic champion. She represented the USSR at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, winning the gold in the K-1 500 m event.
Only four months after her Olympic victory, Ryabchinskaya was taking part in winter training at Lake Paleostomi in the Soviet republic of Georgia when she fell into the water and died from abrupt cooling. An international competition is held in her honor in Moscow every spring.
Ryabchinskaya also won a gold in the K-4 500 m event at the 1971 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Belgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="19061409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061409" title="Gotree">
Gotree

Gotree is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,545 and had 584 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061415" title="Gudukhati">
Gudukhati

Gudukhati is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,954 and had 654 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061420" title="Jagannath, Seti">
Jagannath, Seti

Jagannath, Nepal is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,612 and had 538 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061422" title="Evergestis pallidata">
Evergestis pallidata

Evergestis pallidata is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe, North America and Northern Asia.
The wingspan is 24–29 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Brassicaceae species, especially "Barbarea vulgaris".

</doc>
<doc id="19061423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061423" title="Forests of the United States">
Forests of the United States

Before European settlement, forests in the United States covered nearly . Since the mid-1600s, about of forest have been cleared, primarily for agriculture during the 19th century. Today about one-third of the nation is forested. While total forest area has been relatively stable for the last 100 years (currently about ), there have been significant regional shifts in the area and composition of the nation's forests. Reversion of marginal farmland in the east, large scale planting in the South, and fire suppression have contributed to increases in forest area. Urbanization, conversion to agriculture, reservoir construction, and natural disasters have been major factors contributing to loss of forests. As of 2005, the United States ranked seventh in the rate of loss of its old growth forests.
Eastern forests cover about and are predominantly broadleaf (74%), with the exception of extensive coniferous forests and plantations in the southern coastal region. These are largely in private ownership (83%). By contrast, about of western forests are predominantly coniferous (78%) and in public ownership (57%). Nearly ten million private individuals own about of forest and other wooded land. Most public forest land is held by four Federal agencies (United States Forest Service, Bureau of Land Management, National Park Service, Fish and Wildlife Service) as well as numerous state, county, and municipal government organizations.
Major uses of forests include timber production, recreation, hunting, fishing, watershed and fisheries protection, wildlife habitat and biodiversity protection, and gathering nontimber products such as berries, mushrooms, and medicinal plants.

</doc>
<doc id="19061431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061431" title="Jayabageswori">
Jayabageswori

Jayabageswori is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,782 and had 332 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061440" title="Kuldeumadau">
Kuldeumadau

Kuldeumadau is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,776 and had 969 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061441" title="Con Stough">
Con Stough

Con Stough is Professor of Cognitive Neuroscience and Psychology at Swinburne University of Technology, Australia, director of the Swinburne Centre for Neuropsychology and director of the newly formed National Institute of Complementary Medicine (NICM) Collaborative Centre for the study of herbal and natural medicines for neurocognition.
Stough's main interest lies in the area of intelligence, primarily the assessment of intelligence, theories of intelligence, the biological basis of intelligence and how to improve intelligence. He is a member of the editorial board of the "Intelligence" journal.
Early life.
Stough was educated at Prince Alfred College and completed his PhD in the Department of Psychology at the University of Adelaide in 1994 under the supervision of Ted Nettelbeck.
Academic career.
This was followed by a post-doctoral position at the University of Auckland working on the pharmacological and cognitive effects of the cholinergic agonist nicotine. At this time he also worked with Timothy Bates on evoked potential, reaction time, and inspection time measures of ability.
Following a second post-doctoral position at the University of Queensland with Professors Gina Geffen and Nick Martin, working on the heritability of inspection time, he moved to Swinburne University of Technology where he has built up one of Australia's larger groups of individual differences researchers.
Over the last decade he has worked on the neurochemical basis of intelligence, (including the distinct roles of dopamine, serotonin and acetylcholine), on cognition and emotion. He has also conducted extensive work on: the mechanisms of herbal treatments that improve intelligence, (such as Ginkgo Biloba and the Indian herb Bacopa monnieri); the assessment of emotional intelligence and evoked potentials; and the neuropsychological effects of electromagnetic emissions. In the clinical field, he has worked on the assessment of disorders including depression, OCD, PTSD, sexual offending and Dissociative Identity Disorder.
With Ben Palmer, he is the co-developer of the SUEIT (Swinburne University Emotional Intelligence Test, also referred to as GENOS EI) and helped develop the company GENOS.
External links.
Swinburne University biography pages

</doc>
<doc id="19061448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061448" title="St Saviour's and St Olave's Church of England School">
St Saviour's and St Olave's Church of England School

St Saviour's and St Olave's Church of England School is a comprehensive secondary school for girls. It is a voluntary aided Church of England school in the Anglican Diocese of Southwark and is affiliated to the Woodard Schools group.
It caters for girls aged 11–18 and is sited on New Kent Road near Elephant and Castle, in the London Borough of Southwark.
History.
The school was founded in 1903 as a girls' grammar school to complement St Olave's and St Saviour's Grammar School for boys, after the Charity Commissioners had required that girls in the area should be afforded some equality of education, and the Governors of the joint foundation agreed to use their endowment to provide this. Both schools are beneficiaries of the charitable St Olave's and St Saviour's Schools Foundation, which in turn is a beneficiary of The Dulwich Estate, successor to the historic Alleyn's College charity. (See also St Saviour's Grammar School, and St Olave's Grammar School.)
On examination of the separate governing instruments of the two ancient grammar schools which had merged a few years before, it was clear that St Olave's purpose to educate "boys", while that of St Saviour's was to do so for "younglings". St Olave's governors had already set up a 'Girls School Fund' but the Dulwich and St Saviour's endowment was vital to realise this proposal. It was therefore proposed to set up a new girls' school, to be called 'St Saviour's and St Olave's Grammar School for Girls'. A local landowner, Lord Llangattock, was approached to provide a site, and this new part of the educational foundation was opened in 1903 at the present New Kent Road site. Two small parish schools and old endowment, for St Thomas (the 'May Feast Society') and St John's girls schools, were combined into it. 
The school ceased to be a grammar school in the Inner London Education Authority reorganisation of the 1960s. A new chapel was consecrated by the Archbishop of Canterbury in 1999. In 2001 Tony Blair, while Prime Minister, announced that year's General Election while on a visit to the New Kent Road site. For the celebration of the centenary of the school in 2003, HM Queen Elizabeth visited it and unveiled a commemorative piece of public art.
Present day.
The school remains a semi-independent Church of England voluntary aided school. The similar names for the girls' and boys' schools and the educational foundation sometimes cause confusion, but when a proposal to rename the girls' school simply 'St Saviour's' was made it was unwelcome. Nevertheless, the "old girls'" association call themselves the 'Salvatorians', while the old boys of St Olave's are known as 'Old Olavians'.
The school holds its annual Commemoration Service at the ancient parish church, now known as Southwark Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="19061454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061454" title="Charles O'Brien (colonial governor)">
Charles O'Brien (colonial governor)

Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Charles Richard Mackey O'Brien KCMG (13 December 1859 – 29 November 1935) was a British Army officer and colonial administrator.
O'Brien was the youngest son of Sir Terence O'Brien, Governor of Heligoland and afterwards of Newfoundland. He was educated at Felsted School and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, from which he was commissioned into the 30th Regiment of Foot (later the East Lancashire Regiment) in May 1878.
On 3 September 1878, in company with five other ensigns of his regiment, he was returning from Gravesend to Woolwich following musketry training, but they missed their ferry, the SS "Princess Alice", by seconds. In Gallion's Reach the "Princess Alice" collided with the steamer SS "Bywell Castle" and sank with the loss of nearly 700 of her 800 passengers, one of the worst maritime disasters in British history. All six ensigns later went on to become distinguished senior officers and held occasional reunion dinners to commemorate their luck that day.
O'Brien was promoted lieutenant in September 1880, captain in May 1887, and major in October 1897. From April 1886 to January 1890 he served as adjutant of the Moulmein Volunteer Rifle Corps in Burma and from April 1894 to 1899 he was adjutant of the 1st Royal Guernsey Light Infantry (Militia). He served with the 1st Battalion, East Lancashire Regiment in the South African War, seeing considerable combat and later being appointed president of the military tribunal in Johannesburg, for which he was twice mentioned in dispatches. He then served as Deputy Commissioner of the Transvaal Town Police from 1901 to 1908, during which time he frequently acted as Commissioner. He was promoted brevet lieutenant-colonel in June 1902 and retired from the Army in March 1903.
In 1910 he was appointed Colonial Secretary of the Gambia, often acting as Governor. In October 1912 he was appointed Governor of the Seychelles and in April 1918 Governor of Barbados. He retired in September 1925, but from May to July 1926 he served as Special Government Commissioner in Sierra Leone and on the Colonial Films Committee from 1929 to 1930.
O'Brien was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in 1908 and Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG) in the 1920 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="19061459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061459" title="Amanda Rylander">
Amanda Rylander

Amanda Fredrika Rylander (14 October 1832, Jäder, Södermanland – 15 October 1920, Kvillinge, Östergötland), was a Swedish actress. 
Born to steward Jonas Johan Rylander, she became a member of, first, the troupe of Anders Selinder (1857–59), and second to the troupe of Pierre Deland (1859–62) before she was employed at the Swedish Theatre in Helsinki in Finland in 1863. She was then to be one of the most well known actors in Gothenburg, where she was active in 1870–90. 
Rylander was popular within comedies. Her most noted roles were Fadette in "Syrsan" and Opportune in "Fregattkaptenen". Her way of acting was described as warm and jolly. She was the sister of the actress and theatre director Ottilia Littmarck. 

</doc>
<doc id="19061472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061472" title="Jugada">
Jugada

Jugada is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,802 and had 709 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061478" title="Cambodia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Cambodia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Cambodia competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="19061486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061486" title="Kailashmandau">
Kailashmandau

Kailashmandau is a town in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,286 and had 1247 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19061494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061494" title="Martadi">
Martadi

Martadi is a town and seat of Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,618 and had 942 houses in the town.
The town and surrounding area is under the jurisdiction of the Martadi District Police.

</doc>
<doc id="19061511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061511" title="Tolodewal">
Tolodewal

Tolodewal is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,991 and had 599 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061512" title="William Saunders (photographer)">
William Saunders (photographer)

William Thomas Saunders (1832-1892) was a British-born photographer who settled in China and became one of the main commercial photographers in nineteenth century China.
Life and career.
Born in Britain in 1832, William Saunders opened one of Shanghai's first photography studios in January 1862. Although chiefly a portrait photographer, Saunders' fascination with China led him to photograph current events, local scenery and the local population.
Although many of Saunders' scenes of everyday Chinese life were posed due to limitations of photographic processes, they provide accurate reflections of life in nineteenth century China, and contributed to the spreading of knowledge of Chinese customs and traditions throughout the West.
Publications.
A selection of William Saunders' photographs was published in an early series of 50 prints published in 1871 as a "Portfolio of Sketches of Chinese Life and Character". Saunders also contributed regularly to Western publications such as the Far East and the Illustrated London News. He also photographed local ports in China and Japan, including Yokohama where he settled for three months in August 1862. Many of his prints, especially scenes of execution, were considered as being timeless and were used decades later to illustrate current events.
William Saunders' photographs were very popular throughout China where they were sold by other photographers. His photographs are characteristic in their rectangular shape with rounded corners and oval vignettes.

</doc>
<doc id="19061515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061515" title="Sappata">
Sappata

Sappata is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,788 and had 662 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061525" title="Pandusain">
Pandusain

Pandusain is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,413 and had 786 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061533" title="Rugin">
Rugin

Rugin is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,105 and had 399 houses in the village.
References.
rugin vdc is very far from martadi

</doc>
<doc id="19061534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061534" title="William Saunders">
William Saunders

William or Bill Saunders may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19061544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061544" title="Kanda, Bajura">
Kanda, Bajura

Kanda, Bajura is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,741 and had 484 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061549" title="The Youth">
The Youth

"The Youth" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19061552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061552" title="Kolti">
Kolti

Kolti is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,530 and had 850 houses in the village.
Pradip Kumar Giri is Chairman of Kolti Village Development Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="19061560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061560" title="Kotila, Seti">
Kotila, Seti

Kotila is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,347 and had 451 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061565" title="Aleksanteri Toivola">
Aleksanteri Toivola

Aleksanteri Toivola (4 March 1893 – 27 August 1987) was a Finnish wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Toivola competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris where he won a silver medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the featherweight class.

</doc>
<doc id="19061573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061573" title="Manakot">
Manakot

Manakot is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,849 and had 376 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19061587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061587" title="Japan–Kosovo relations">
Japan–Kosovo relations

Japanese–Kosovar relations are foreign relations between Japan and the Republic of Kosovo. Kosovo declared its independence from Serbia in 17 February 2008 and Japan recognised it in 18 March 2008. In June 2009, Japan assigned a resident ambassador to Kosovo. According to the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Japan and Kosovo established diplomatic relations on February 25, 2009.
Visits.
Japanese Foreign Minister Yōhei Kōno was the first Japanese official to visit Kosovo, with said visit taking place in 1999. In 2004, Kosovar Prime Minister Bajram Rexhepi visited Japan.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19061634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061634" title="Michael Costa">
Michael Costa

Michael Costa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19061640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061640" title="Ottilia Littmarck">
Ottilia Littmarck

Ottilia Sofia Littmarck (22 June 1834 Jäder, Södermanland – 14 July 1929, Söderköping), was a Swedish actress and theatre director.
Born to steward Johan Rylander, she was active in the travelling theatres of Pierre Deland and Lindmark 1857–68 with her sister Amanda Rylander. In 1873–74, she was the director of Södra teatern in Stockholm. In 1875–79, she was active at the Swedish Theatre (Stockholm) before she established her own troupe for the first time in 1880–83. She was active at the Swedish Theatre in Helsinki in Finland 1883–84 and at Swedish Theatre (Stockholm) 1885–89 before she was hired at the Royal Dramatic Theatre in 1889, where she stayed until 1897. After this, she toured with her own troupe.
Littmarck was said to wish to play drama, but to be more suitable for comedy. Among her parts were Greta in "Kärlek utan strumpor" (Love without socks), Kerstin Giftekniv (Kerstin the marriage broker) in "Den 
förvandlade brudgummen" (The enchanted groom), Fru Pipping in "Sodom och Gomorrha" (Sodom and Gomorra), Fru Kaklund (Mrs Kaklund) in "Othellos triumf" (The triumph of Othello) and Lais in "Filosofi och kärlek" (Philosophy and Love).

</doc>
<doc id="19061655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061655" title="Terence O'Brien">
Terence O'Brien

Terence O'Brien or Terrence O'Brien may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19061681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061681" title="Thousand Pillar Temple">
Thousand Pillar Temple

The Thousand Pillar Temple () is a historic Hindu temple located in the town of Hanamakonda, Andhra Pradesh, India. It is dedicated to Lord Shiva, Lord Vishnu and Lord Surya.
History.
The Thousand Pillar Temple is one of the very old temples of South India that was built by the kakatiyas. It stands out to be a masterpiece and achieved major heights in terms of architectural skills by the ancient kakathiya vishwakarma sthapathis. It is believed that the Thousand Pillar Temple was built by King Rudra Deva in 1163 AD. The Thousand Pillar Temple is a specimen of the Kakatiyan style of architecture of the 12th century.
It was destroyed by the Tughlaq dynasty during their invasion of South India. It comprises one temple and other building. There are one thousand pillars in the building and the temple, but no pillar obstructs a person in any point of the temple to see the god in the other temple.
The present day engineers have taken out all the pillars from the building. After they lifted all the pillars they encountered a huge mass of sand. It took nearly two weeks for them to take away all the sand. It was wet sand, because of a pipe connection from the nearby water body named Bhadrakali Cheruvu.
Temple architecture.
The Thousand Pillar Temple with its ruins lies in the near the Hanamkonda-Warangal highway, about 150 kilometers from Hyderabad city.
This temple is star-shaped with several shrines and lingams. There are three shrines inside the temple called the Trikutalayam. The three shrines of the Thousand Pillar Temple are dedicated to Lord Shiva, Lord Vishnu and Lord Surya. The Thousand Pillar Temple is surrounded by a big garden in which many small lingam shrines can be seen. There are 1,000 richly carved pillars and a Nandi bull in the temple. The Nandi bull was carved out of a black basalt monolith that has been highly polished.
The Thousand Pillar Temple is constructed on a platform that is raised to one metre height from the ground level. The temple is provided with a number of pillars which are intricately carved and adorned. Rock cut elephants and perforated screens in the temple are characteristic of the then prevailing dynasty.Many piligramages will be visiting and even film scenes are also picturised here.

</doc>
<doc id="19061713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061713" title="Friedlanderia cicatricella">
Friedlanderia cicatricella

Friedlanderia cicatricella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan of the males is 21–24 mm and 34-38 for females. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Scirpus lacustris".

</doc>
<doc id="19061728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061728" title="Development of the Test captaincy of West Indies">
Development of the Test captaincy of West Indies

This is a chronological list of defining events in the Development of the Test captaincy of the West Indies cricket team.
1920s.
H.B.G.Austin, President of the new West Indies Cricket Board of Control, assumed captaincy of the first Test-playing tour of England in 1928. However, at the age of 50, he was to stand aside before the tour.
Karl Nunes appointed captain instead for inaugural West Indies tour of England. "Leadership was a white function. So in the economy, so in cricket." 
M.C.C. Committee member Mr R H Mallett, 70, was charged to act as West Indian team manager, as he had done in 1906 and 1923.
1930s.
The West Indies Board named different captains for the four Tests against touring M.C.C. from the colony where each match was played, including 42-year-old Nelson Betancourt who was the choice in Trinidad for his sole Test appearance.
R.H.Mallett, about to return to England after managing the 1929–30 MCC touring party, met the West Indies Board and recommended G C 'Jack' Grant as captain for the Australian tour, even though Grant had no experience of captaincy and had never played in West Indies before. In his biography Grant confessed "I was younger than all of the sixteen players, save three; and most of these sixteen had already played for the West Indies, while I had not. Yet I was the captain. It could not be disputed that my white colour was a major factor in my being given this post."
"A policy at the time was to choose a nucleus of six players for the Test team and then complete the eleven with others from the 'home' territory," wrote Michael Manley. This is a bit of an exaggeration – a nucleus of seven or eight perhaps, because team selection was now in the hands of the West Indies Cricket Board rather than the colony where the Test match was played.
Jack Grant was heavily engaged in education in Grenada but was retained as West Indian captain for the 1933 tour of England and for the visit by MCC in 1934–35.
When injury forced Grant to leave the field in the Kingston Test, he asked Learie Constantine to take over.
The Board appointed one selector to represent each region: For the 1939 tour party none had strong cricketing credentials.
"In selecting captains .. the authorities were not consciously against Headley and Constantine…… the selectors acted to preserve opportunity for their own class… confident that the best interests of the sport were being protected." (Michael Manley) 
When Jackie Grant gave up cricket to become a missionary (like his grandfather), his brother Rolph Grant became captain for the 1939 tour rather than George Headley "The appointment of Rolph Grant was historically necessary, for British colonialism based itself on the idea that the colonised were inferior people who were incapable of self-rule. The whites in the colonies subscribed to this fallacy, so they could not appoint a black skipper : to do so would have been tantamount to rejecting the cardinal logic of colonialism."
1940s.
"N.N. Nethersole, lawyer and deputy leader of Norman Manley's People's National Party, launched his campaign on George Headley's behalf." He challenged the Cricket Board's outlook that property ownership endows with the characteristics of leadership. '" constancy and judgement, necessary for national and international negotiation, may well have been sharpened by the arguments and the efforts to avoid pitfalls of insularity in selection in the board room of the West Indian Cricket Board of Control.'
For one Test in Barbados George Headley became the first black man appointed to captain West Indies. But then Gerry Gomez and John Goddard were given the captaincy in the remainder of the series against England.
John Goddard was appointed for the tour of India, and a year later after some hesitation confirmed that he would also be available to lead West Indies in England in 1950. 
The selectors were Edgar Marsden (Trinidad), Noel Nethersole (Jamaica), Frederick Clairmonte (Barbados) and Alec Drayton and Maurice Green (British Guiana), while the on-tour committee was simply made up of the white members of the team – Goddard, Gomez and Stollmeyer.
1950s.
Goddard was retained as captain for tour of Australia. However, his criticisms of the Board for agreeing to the match itinerary for the Australian tour led to him being excluded from West Indian team for three years. During the series against Australia, West Indies lost 4–1, as the senior players declined to offer him any on the field advice after they felt he had taken all the credit for the victory in England in 1950. "He succumbed to his own tactical deficiencies" (Michael Manley).
Jeffrey Stollmeyer became captain starting with a Test series against the visiting 1953 Indians. His cricket knowledge unquestionably made him worthy of the position of captain.
Denis Atkinson, Stollmeyer's deputy, led West Indies in three of the five Tests against Australia. "About 2,000 people protested, at the Kingston Race Course, against the appointment of Atkinson, the Barbados all-rounder, as captain of the West Indies for the fourth and fifth Tests against the Australians. They wanted Frank Worrell, who was named vice-captain."
Atkinson nevertheless was kept on as captain of a West Indies team to New Zealand in 1955–56 with John Goddard manager (these appointments made nearly two years before the tour so they were not connected with Atkinson being rewarded for scoring a double century against Australia). 
WI Board representatives such as Noel Pierce (Barbados) continued to man the selection panel but non-whites like the British Guiana secretary Ken Wishart who had opposed Atkinson's captaincy, and Berkeley Gaskin, and players a cut above like Gerry Gomez began to be appointed, as in 1957.
For the 1957 England tour "John Goddard was restored from retirement as captain (passing over more suitable candidates in Jeffrey Stollmeyer and even Denis Atkinson), and Clyde Walcott replaced Worrell as vice-captain – it was still several years before a black man could be accepted as full captain. He (Walcott) would not have been the "easier option" which the administrators had imagined." Goddard was a failure as captain. "That his selection in 1957 was a travesty was not his fault" (Manley).
Gerry Alexander was appointed captain for home series against Pakistan 1957–58 and for the next two years. An "Alexander Must Go" campaign was mounted by CLR James, then the editor of "The Nation". "The idea of Alexander captaining a side on which Frank Worrell is playing," he wrote, "is to me quite revolting."
1960s.
"Alexander told the selectors that the time had come for Worrell to take over the leadership but they pressed him to continue. He eventually agreed with some reluctance" (Manley). As the last white man to captain West Indies was leading the Test side against England, it was announced that Frank Worrell would take the team to Australia.
Gerry Gomez was appointed Chairman of Selectors and also manager of the tour of Australia. "I shall not let this question rest," thundered C L R James in "The Nation", "This fooling with West Indies' captaincy has gone on too long".
Worrell was at last made captain for the Australia and England tours, and he proved to be an outstanding captain. "Graceful, poised and dignified, Worrell embodied all that was noble and deeply attractive in the West Indian character. Articulate, sensitive and West Indian to the core, he gave substance to the view that unity should be the hallmark of the region and its cricket team. He transformed a bunch of talented and individual players into a unified team." Allan Rae, former opening batsman and a lawyer who would soon become a catalyst for progress on the Board, was now a selector.
On his retirement, Worrell recommended that Garfield Sobers should take over as captain in preference to long-serving understudy Conrad Hunte. "There was speculation that Hunte's continuous proselytising for his rearmament beliefs even within the dressing-room told against him." (Cricinfo) Sobers led West Indies in 39 Test matches and won series victories against all comers.Sir Frank Worrell was made team manager against Australia 1964–65. His potential managerial contribution to West Indies cricket was cut short by his early death in 1967.
Sobers faltered at Port of Spain, in the 4th Test against England when his declaration on the final day saw England scramble home with just three minutes left in the game. Team manager Everton Weekes distanced himself from the decision to make the declaration. 
West Indies did not win another series under Sobers.
1970s.
Sobers captained the Rest of The World sides against England (and again in Australia). At the end of the series the "politically unconscious Sobers" (Manley) participated in a double wicket tournament in Rhodesia, causing uproar and demands that he should be sacked as captain. He was forced to apologise, and, with no alternative captain in view, "a grateful Caribbean grabbed the apology with both hands." (Manley)
Sobers declared himself unavailable as a player on being asked by the West Indies Cricket Board of Control to prove his fitness, so he was replaced as captain by Rohan Kanhai for the 1973 home series against Australia. Sobers had "... led a strong side effectively but not shown the capacity to lift a weak or ageing side" (Manley)
"Cecil Marley, president of the West Indies Cricket Board, asked me who I would recommend as my successor," wrote Sobers. "I opted initially for David Holford but I didn't think he would be accepted as my nomination because he was my relative. I offered Clive Lloyd as an alternative choice but Clive had not even been invited to join the squad, so my third choice would be Rohan Kanhai."
Kanhai retained the captaincy for the 1973 tour of England, which West Indies won 2–0. "Kanhai is credited with restoring both discipline and morale to the side" (Manley).
Suggestions of regional bias caused by each territory having a representative on the selection panel led to a reduction to three selectors only. This panel would be joined by the captain.
Clive Lloyd appointed captain for 1974–75 tour of India. Lloyd lasted as captain for ten years working to make cricketers from different nations and backgrounds a proud, unified team throughout his time. He won the one-day World Cup tournaments in 1975 and again in 1979.
West Indies retained the Wisden Trophy against England 3–0: "A third factor is apt to be overlooked because of the brilliance of the batting and bowling. It was Lloyd's captaincy. He led his men with a sure touch, kept them together, maintained discipline and began to act as the father figure of the side" (Manley). Clyde Walcott resumed as team manager, "As a manager who had played the game, he lent credibility to what he was trying to instill in the players," said Deryck Murray
Clive Lloyd joined Kerry Packer's World Series Cricket (WSC) in 1977. He quit the West Indies captaincy when Haynes, Austin and Murray were dropped from the team for playing in Packer's World Series and all the remaining WSC members in the team including Richards, Greenidge, Garner, Roberts and Holding also immediately dropped out. 
Alvin Kallicharran became stand-in captain for the remainder of the series against Australia and on the tour of India. 
Clive Lloyd was reinstated for the 1979 World Cup and 1979–80 tour of Australia. Walcott was again World Cup manager.
Apologies were required after players made indisciplined responses to umpiring decisions in New Zealand (Willie Rodriguez was then manager) but the team kept winning. One factor was that Dennis Waight, engaged as trainer and physio, enforced a rigorous training regime.
1980s.
A West Indian rebel team led by Lawrence Rowe toured South Africa. It included players like Alvin Kallicharran, Colin Croft, Collis King and Sylvester Clarke. Deprived of its full-strength, West Indies lost the 1983 World Cup to India.
Lloyd was persuaded to change his mind after 1983 World Cup and stay on as captain for the tour of India and a triangular ODI tournament. Clive Lloyd's career as West Indies captain came to an end after series in Australia in 1984–85. 
Vivian Richards was appointed captain starting with ODI series in Pakistan. Vice-captain Desmond Haynes captained the West Indies touring party on a Test visit to Pakistan.
1990s.
Richards is the only West Indies captain never to lose a Test series, which reflected his fierce will to win and the way he drove his team. After 50 Tests in which he retained West Indies' place as the prevailing force in world Test cricket, Viv Richards retired as West Indies Test captain. "He was impatient with error... but commanded respect and loyalty of the troops whom he led because he was a great player." (Manley) 
Jackie Hendriks was Chairman of Selectors when the Board appointed Richie Richardson. Desmond Haynes, the man being groomed for the role and Richards' vice-captain, was elbowed out of the captaincy ….. "that was when the Board failed to understand the importance of the influence of Haynes as a senior member of the Lloyd/Richards era being needed to make the transition, to bring the culture, the work ethic and the spirit of domination to another group."
A poor showing by the West Indies in the 1992 World Cup in Australia and a young team reeling from the retirement of Richards, Greenidge and Marshall led to the West Indies calling on former skipper Rohan Kanhai as their first coach, appointed by the WICB in autumn 1992.
Courtney Walsh appointed stand-in captain for the tours of India and New Zealand after Richie Richardson was ordered to rest because of "acute fatigue syndrome".
Kanhai complained about disciplinary problems among the West Indian players, and relinquished the job in 1995.
Richardson returned as captain for the home series against Australia but without Haynes to give his support "WICB's controversial eligibility rule was used to exclude Haynes, the Barbadian batsmen, from the home series against Australia. Haynes, who was 39 at the time, had missed one match during that year's regional competition because of a professional contract with Western Province in South Africa and was left out of the West Indies team."
Wes Hall manager in England with Andy Roberts as coach. Disciplinary measures needed : Winston Benjamin was sent home from the tour of England. 
At the end of the 1996 World Cup during which Kenya surprisingly beat West Indies at Pune, Richie Richardson resigned as captain. Andy Roberts was sacked as coach, and Wes Hall ended his term as team manager. 
Courtney Walsh became captain. The WICB persuaded Clive Lloyd who lived in England and was detached from the politics of West Indies cricket, to become Manager. Walsh was given a say in selection but Lloyd said that as manager he too should be on the selection panel proper, not simply on tour. 
Brian Lara became captain for the first time in the third Test against India in the absence of the injured Courtney Walsh and won the match by 38 runs so that WI won the series 1–0.
Brian Lara appointed West Indies captain to succeed Courtney Walsh, who was sacked after West Indies tour of Pakistan. (Walsh did well initially with series wins over New Zealand, India and Sri Lanka. A loss to Australia and a whitewash in Pakistan followed).
The WICB initially rejected the selectors' recommendation of Brian Lara as captain instead of Courtney Walsh but Lara nevertheless appointed, and won the series against Mike Atherton's England. 
Holed up in a London Airport hotel on its way to South Africa, the team made demands on conditions and retainer contracts : Lara as captain and Hooper as vice captain were sacked, then reinstated. "The junior players found themselves dragged into a dispute in which the seniors were largely seeking a pay increase for themselves" (Wisden).
West Indies manager Clive Lloyd thought it was a mistake to go ahead with 1998–99 South Africa tour after the players' protest over pay and conditions, made in London between planes to South Africa. Bryan Davis, a critic, said 'Brian is an enigma and he displays the best of himself and the worst. Being one of the leaders put him into a powerful position and that really started the decline of West Indies cricket'". 
Criticism grew and Lara's captaincy became beset by difficulties. Marshall was unable to continue as coach while undergoing cancer treatment, so Viv Richards carried out the coaching role with manager Clive Lloyd. Then vice-captain Carl Hooper suddenly retired and withdrew from 1999 World Cup team. 
Malcolm Marshall's three-year term as coach and Lloyd's stint as manager ended. 
Marshall died on 4 November.
2000s.
On 25 February 2000 Lara resigns as West Indies captain after New Zealand defeat, owing to lack of success in two years in the post, and took a sabbatical. 
Jimmy Adams appointed skipper for the series at home against Zimbabwe and then in England. Franklyn Rose and Chris Gayle were not considered for the tour of Australia, according to selector Mike Findlay because of "attitude problems during the trip to England"
After two series wins, against Pakistan and Zimbabwe, and then losses to England and Australia, Jimmy Adams quit. Carl Hooper became captain again (coming out of retirement at age 35). 
Troubles continued around the team. Rumours that manager of the West Indies team, Ricky Skerritt, and coach Roger Harper would be replaced after 15 months of a three-year contract. Psychologist Joe Hoad, a qualified sports psychologist and son of 1930 West Indies captain Teddy Hoad, appointed to the West Indies team on tour in December 2000 was at odds with Skerritt. Hoad resigned citing "major problems" among the players, including general indifference, low fitness levels and an aversion to hard work. 
Brian Lara was appointed West Indies captain for a second time. Lara was reinstated after being persuaded by then president Wes Hall to return when Carl Hooper was dismissed after the West Indies' first round exit from the 2003 World Cup in South Africa. 
"The angry Hooper refused to make a decision whether he would be available to play. After three days he declined to play under Lara, ending his Test career at the age of 36. They had been good friends. Now a firm friendship was ended.".
Bennett King eventually accepted the job of coach on a three-year contract up to the 2007 World Cup. King was not only a member of the selection committee, he also had the casting vote, while the captain was not even to be a selector. 
Lara would not commit to play in the home series against South Africa during a protracted dispute over individual and team sponsorship, and Shivnarine Chanderpaul was appointed captain instead. 
Chanderpaul's resignation as skipper, following the tour of New Zealand. The selectors recalled Brian Lara, mainly on the insistence of new Trinidadian WICB president, Ken Gordon. 
At the end of 2007 World Cup Brian Lara retired. Ramnaresh Sarwan was appointed skipper. Chair of Selectors Gordon Greenidge said Daren Ganga was the only other person considered, but in July, Chris Gayle became skipper when Sarwan was injured, despite WICB having earlier vetoed his appointment.
Six months' after Bennett King's resignation, John Dyson, formerly coach of Sri Lanka, took over as coach, to work with Gayle who retained the captaincy when Sarwan returned from injury.

</doc>
<doc id="19061741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061741" title="List of Pinoy Big Brother contestants">
List of Pinoy Big Brother contestants

This is a list of "Pinoy Big Brother" contestants. More information for each individual housemate can be found on their respective season and edition pages. This page does not list any non-competing or special housemates such as the second season and 's Houseguests and the 's Guardians and House Players. Currently, 194 housemates had participated in the franchise.
The list is in order of the housemate's exit from the House and the housemates are grouped according to the edition in which they competed. Their given age is that at the time that each contestant first entered the Pinoy Big Brother House.
The colors below indicate the following:
Regular season housemates.
Twins for the Double Up season are indicated by an asterisk.
Celebrity Edition housemates.
In the table below, "Claim to fame" refers to their profiled occupation before their entry into the House. Asterisks denote 2-in-1 Housemates of the second Celebrity Edition.
Teen Edition housemates.
Asterisks denote 2-in-1 Housemates of the fourth Teen Edition.

</doc>
<doc id="19061760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061760" title="Rhys Williams (footballer)">
Rhys Williams (footballer)

Rhys Williams (born 14 July 1988) is an Australian professional football player currently playing for Middlesbrough in the English Football League Championship and the Australia national team. A very versatile player, Williams is adept at playing as a centre back, defensive midfielder and right back but has played in virtually every out-field position at some point for Middlesbrough including more attacking roles. In August 2012, Williams was made club captain.
Background.
His mother originates from Mumbai, India while his father was born in Kent, England.
His younger brothers, twins; Ryan Williams and Aryn Williams, are also footballers with Ryan at Fulham and Aryn currently playing with Floreat Athena FC in the Football West Premier League.
Club career.
He began his football career as a promising junior with Perth based club ECU Joondalup. As a youth player, 2004 would prove his breakthrough year with his club performances leading to selection in the Western Australian under-16 state representative squad for the 2004 National Talent Identification Championships. He impressed with three goals in the tournament, helping Western Australia reach the semi-finals. At the conclusion of the event, he travelled to England where he trialled with several clubs including Aston Villa, Leicester City, and Middlesbrough.
He ultimately signed a three-year deal with Premier League club Middlesbrough, playing academy football. In July 2007, he signed his first professional contract with the club, despite a number of injury setbacks which curtailed his football development.
In January 2009, he signed a new two-year contract at Middlesbrough and signed on loan for Championship side Burnley on the same day. He returned to Middlesbrough in early May after it was determined that he could not play in the Football League Championship play-offs for Burnley.
After fantastic preseason form for Middlesbrough before the 2009–10 season where he scored 4 goals in 5 games, manager Gareth Southgate showed faith in Williams by playing him in central midfield in their opening Championship match against Sheffield United where he put in a stellar performance and has since gone on to keep his place in the first XI.
On 26 September 2009, Williams scored his first goal for Middlesbrough in a 2–2 draw against Coventry City.
On 11 February 2010, Williams signed a three-and-a-half-year contract extension with Middlesbrough.
Williams missed most of the 2010–11 Middlesbrough season, and the 2010 World Cup with a persistent pelvic problem which saw him on an extensive rehabilitation period in Australia.
He made his eventual comeback to Middlesbrough towards the end of the 2010-11 League Championship season in which he earnt an impressive six man of the match awards in only twelve games aiding Middlesbrough in their best run of the season.
Due to strong performances since his return from injury he was linked to several Premier League clubs in the lead up to the January 2012 transfer window including Bolton Wanderers, Newcastle United, West Bromwich Albion and Liverpool. Despite speculation of a summer move, Williams penned a new four-year contract with the club, keeping him at the Riverside until 2016. Rhys has become a firm fan favourite at the Riverside Stadium under Tony Mowbray, which along with his eye-catching performances has earned him the Captain's armband on 9 August 2012.
Later in August Rhys suffered another injury blow. Unrelated to previous injuries, this time he suffered damage to his ankle ligaments which kept him on the sidelines for another four months until he made a late December 2012 return.
For the 2013–14 season, Williams squad number was changed from 14 to 4 previously worn by George Friend who changed to 3.
International career.
Being of mixed parentage, Williams was in an unusual position as he was eligible to represent Australia, England, India, and Wales. In May 2009, he opted to represent Australia, the country of his birth, despite having made numerous appearances for the Wales national under-21 football team.
Following this declaration, Williams earned his first call-up for Australia at senior level as part of an extended Socceroos squad for the June 2009 World Cup qualifiers.
On 17 June 2009, he made his full Australian debut in a World Cup qualifier against Japan at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
In May 2010 Williams was included in Australia's preliminary squad for the 2010 FIFA World Cup, however he was not included in the final squad due to an injury sustained while playing for his club.
Williams returned to the Socceroos squad for the friendly against New Zealand on 5 June at Adelaide Oval which was won by Australia 3–0 and he came off the bench in the 0–0 draw on June against Serbia at Etihad Stadium.
Williams played as a centre back in a friendly against France on 11 October 2013.
Club statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of 28 November 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="19061768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061768" title="Literal Latte">
Literal Latte

Literal Latte is a bi-monthly literary journal based in New York City and edited by Jenine Gordon Bockman. It was founded in June 1994. The journal published its last print edition in July 2003, but has continuously maintained an online version since November 1996. A comprehensive re-design of the site was launched in November 2008.
Among serious, non-commercial literary journals, "Literal Latte" took an atypical approach to publication and distribution: instead of the customary "perfect bound" journal format, "Literal Latte" was printed on newsprint in tabloid format. The relatively low cost of printing on newsprint made it economical for the publishers to distribute the magazine for free at bookstores, universities, and newsstands throughout New York City, thus achieving an unusually high circulation rate for a literary magazine—as high as 30,000 copies per issue, according to the publishers -- as well as attracting local and (eventually) national advertisers, offsetting the cost of production.
Works published in "Literal Latte" have subsequently been short-listed for the Pushcart Prize, Best American Poetry and Best American Essays. The journal sponsors annual essay, fiction, and poetry competitions (as well as the unusual "Food Verse" competition) and presents an annual reading series at the National Arts Club in Gramercy, Manhattan.
Although "Literal Latte" has often published pieces from well-known literary writers and poets, it has always placed an emphasis on showcasing unpublished or relatively unknown writers, claiming that "98%" of its published pieces come from "the so-called slush pile." Submissions are accepted year-round, and simultaneous submissions are permitted.
Notable contributors include Ray Bradbury, Robert Olen Butler, Allen Ginsberg, Lisa Gale Garrigues, Terry Hertzler, Catherine Ryan Hyde, Phillip Lopate, Carole Maso, Lynne Sharon Schwartz, Jacob M. Appel, Gloria Steinem, and John Updike.
An anthology of selected works from "Literal Latte"'s fifteen years of publication, entitled "The Anthology: Highlights from Fifteen Years of a Unique "Mind Stimulating" Literary Magazine", was published in January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19061769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061769" title="Hypsopygia costalis">
Hypsopygia costalis

__NOTOC__
The gold triangle or clover hay moth (Hypsopygia costalis) is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae. It is found in Europe. The wingspan is 16–23 mm. The adult moths fly from May to July, depending on the location. The supposed species "H. aurotaenialis" is included here pending further study.
The caterpillars feed on dry vegetable matter. They have been found in haystacks or thatching, as well as in chicken ("Gallus") and magpie ("Pica") nests. The caterpillar is injurious to clover hay, and to other hay when mixed with clover. Its depredations can be prevented by keeping the hay dry and well ventilated, as the insect preferably breeds in moist or matted material such as is to be found in the lower parts of haystacks, where affected hay becomes filled with webbings of the caterpillars and their excrement, rendering it unfit for feeding. A treatment is to burn the webbed material and to thoroughly clean the affected location.
Synonyms.
Junior synonyms of this species are:

</doc>
<doc id="19061771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061771" title="1991 New York Giants season">
1991 New York Giants season

The 1991 New York Giants season was the 67th season for the club in the National Football League. The Giants entered the season as the defending Super Bowl champion but failed to qualify for the playoffs. They were the eighth team in NFL history to enter a season as the defending Super Bowl champion and miss the playoffs. This was the second time the Giants had failed to make the playoffs after winning a Super Bowl, having also done so in 1987.
New York businessman Robert Tisch purchased half of the interest in the club. He purchased it from Mrs. Helen Mara Nugent, and her children, Tim Mara and Maura Mara Concannon on February 2.
During the Giants' previous season Phil Simms entered the year as the starter and started the first fourteen games of the season. In the course of that fourteenth game, where the Giants hosted the Buffalo Bills, Simms suffered a severe foot injury and backup Jeff Hostetler took over and led the Giants through the playoffs and to their Super Bowl victory over those same Bills. 
Simms did recover from his injury and was expected to regain his starting position, but new coach Ray Handley decided to allow Hostetler to try to keep the position he had taken following the injury to Simms. Handley made his decision prior to the Giants' week one matchup with the San Francisco 49ers on "Monday Night Football" and gave the starting job to Hostetler amid some controversy. Hostetler led the Giants to 6 wins in his eleven starts, but broke his back during a week 13 win against Tampa Bay. Simms returned to finish the game, but went 2–3 as Giants starter the remainder of the year and the Giants fell out of the playoffs.
Offseason.
After the 1990 season, in which the Giants won the Super Bowl, the Giants lost several members of their coaching staff. Bill Parcells retired while defensive coordinator Bill Belichick became the head coach of the Cleveland Browns. Tom Coughlin left the club to become the head coach at Boston College.

</doc>
<doc id="19061773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061773" title="Alex Hughes">
Alex Hughes

Alex Hughes (born Solihull, 22 April 1971) is an English freelance cartoonist, caricaturist and illustrator, whose work is published in Tribune and has been used in PC Pro, Red Pepper and by the BBC's "The Midlands at Westminster" and Five's "Live With Christian O'Connell". He lives in Smethwick, West Midlands, England.
Hughes has an MA in Visual Communications (cartooning) from UCE Birmingham and is Treasurer of the Professional Cartoonists' Organisation. He works from home, having formerly had a studio in Birmingham's Custard Factory.

</doc>
<doc id="19061779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061779" title="Snooker world ranking points 2006/2007">
Snooker world ranking points 2006/2007

Snooker world ranking points 2006/2007: The official world ranking points for the 96 professional snooker players in the 2006/2007 season are listed below. The total points from the seasons 2005/2006 and 2006/2007 were used to determine the rankings for the season 2007/2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19061879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061879" title="Vietnamese people in Senegal">
Vietnamese people in Senegal

The Vietnamese people in Senegal consists of both expatriate technicians and laborers from Vietnam, as well as the mixed-race descendants of early 20th-century migrants. A total of several hundred are estimated to live in Senegal; the national capital Dakar even boasts a few Vietnamese restaurants.
Migration history.
Both being former French colonies, Vietnam and Senegal have a long history of cultural links. Beginning in the 1930s, many Senegalese began serving in Vietnam as soldiers for France; some took local wives, with whom they had children. However, in the turbulent 1940s, with World War II and the First Indochina War, many Vietnamese women married to Senegalese followed their husbands back to Senegal. By 2007, Jean Gomis, himself a Vietnamese descendant and an unofficial "community leader", estimated that fewer than five of those wives remained alive, while 300 of their descendants lived scattered throughout Senegal. They retained some knowledge of the Vietnamese language and still cook Vietnamese cuisine; however, Gomis expected that within 10 years, the language would no longer be spoken.
In the 1990s, Vietnamese agricultural technicians began to arrive in Senegal under the sponsorship of the United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organization, through an initiative to promote cooperation between the nations of the global South. By 2001, their numbers had risen from 40 to 100. Most technicians come to Senegal on two year stints, unaccompanied by their spouses, and live in group housing with other Vietnamese. They aim to promote small-scale technologies and techniques suitable to Senegal's level of economic development; for example, Vietnamese beekeepers introduced Senegalese farmers to manually driven centrifugal honey extractors and Vietnamese-style concrete beehives. Others attempted to familiarise Senegalese people to the representative Vietnamese fish sauce "nước mắm". Though as of 2001, it was only produced and used by the restaurants in Dakar, Vietnamese technicians in the seaside town of M'Bour trained a women's group in its preparation, and produced roughly 20 tanks of the sauce. Most of the technicians speak only Vietnamese, though they typically learn some Wolof language agricultural vocabulary during their time in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19061880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061880" title="Malta at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Malta at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Malta competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. This was the first time in twenty-four years that Malta competed in the games; the last time was at the 1984 Summer Paralympics. The country's delegation consisted of a single competitor, 18-year-old sprinter Antonio Flores. He was a member of Pembroke Athleta and trained under the club's coach, Jivko Jetchev. Flores left for Beijing on September 1.
Results.
Flores entered only one event - the 100m sprint in the T44 category. He finished 5th out of 6 in his heat, and did not advance to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19061901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061901" title="Lakhdar Adjali">
Lakhdar Adjali

Lakhdar Adjali (born July 18, 1972 in Algiers) is an Algerian football manager and former player who is currently the assistant coach of the Amiens SC reserve team. He played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="19061905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061905" title="Galatasaray S.K. (wheelchair basketball)">
Galatasaray S.K. (wheelchair basketball)

Galatasaray Wheelchair Basketball Team is the wheelchair basketball section of Galatasaray SK, a major sports club in Istanbul, Turkey. Galatasaray play matches in 2.200-seat arena, called the Ahmet Cömert Sport Hall.
History.
Galatasaray Wheelchair Basketball Team hold the Turkish title and currently play in European Champions Cup organised by IWBF Europe. Having only been founded in 2005, the basketball team has already won the IWBF Champions League twice in a row, in years 2007-08 and 2008–09, making them one of the finest wheelchair teams in Europe. Galatasaray Wheelchair Basketball Team also won Kitakyushu Champions Cup and became world champion in 2008, 2009, 2011 and 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19061907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061907" title="Toni Merkens">
Toni Merkens

Nikolaus Anton "Toni" Merkens (born 21 June 1912 in Cologne, died 20 June 1944 in Wildbad) was a racing cyclist from Germany and Olympic champion. He represented his native country at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, where he received the gold medal in the men's 1000 meter match sprint event.
Racing career.
Merkens trained as a bicycle mechanic with Fritz Köthke. In 1933 he won his first German championship in sprint. In 1934, he was able to repeat this success and also won the British Open Championships and the Grand Prix de Paris. At the World Championships he finished fourth. In 1935 he again won the championships in Germany and the UK and the Paris Grand Prix. At the World Championships in Brussels, he also won the title in the final against Dutch cyclist Arie van Vliet 2-1.
During the first race of the 1936 Olympic final, Merkens clearly interfered with Arie van Vliet, but no foul was called by the officials. Van Vliet also lost the second race of the final and received the silver medal. After a protest by the Dutch team, Merkens, rather than being disqualified, was fined 100 marks.
Merkens turned professional immediately after the 1936 Olympics. In 1937 and 1939, he was German Vice Champion in the sprint. In 1940 he was the German champion in stayers, and was Vice Champion in 1941. In 1942 he won the German professional championship in the sprint and was Vice Champion again in the stayers.
World War II.
Merkens was drafted into the army in 1942. Merkens was killed in World War II fighting the Soviets on the Eastern Front. He was struck between the heart and lungs by a shell splinter, and died in a hospital in Wildbad after becoming ill with meningitis.
Commemoration.
In the Munich Olympiapark, the road between the main stadium and the velodrome is called Toni-Merkens-Weg (Toni Merkens Way). A memorial stone was erected in 1948 at the velodrome in Cologne.

</doc>
<doc id="19061922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061922" title="Huay Chivo">
Huay Chivo

The Huay Chivo is a legendary Mayan beast. It is a half-man, half-beast creature, with burning red eyes, and is specific to the Yucatán Peninsula. It is often said to be an evil sorcerer who can transform himself into a supernatural animal, usually a goat, dog or deer, in order to prey upon livestock. In recent times it has become associated with the chupacabras. The Huay Chivo is specific to the south-eastern Mexican states of Yucatán, Campeche and Quintana Roo. Alleged Huay Chivo activity is sporadically reported in the regional press. Local maya near the town of Valladolid, in Yucatán, believe the Huay Chivo is an evil sorcerer that is capable of transforming into a goat to do mischief and eat livestock. 
The "Huay Chivo" is a local variation of the Mesoamerican "Nahual".
Etymology.
The name Huay Chivo combines Spanish and Yucatec Mayan terms. "Huay" or "Uay" comes from "Waay" in Yucatec Maya, meaning sorcerer, spirit or animal familiar, while "Chivo" is Spanish for goat, literally meaning sorcerer-Goat.

</doc>
<doc id="19061938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061938" title="Boro Vučinić">
Boro Vučinić

Boro Vučinić (born 1954 in Titograd) is the current head of the Montenegrin National Security Agency, as well as the former Minister of Defense and the former Minister of Urban Planning of Montenegro.
As Minister of Urban Planning Vučinić was involved the sale of an old ship repair yard on the Adriatic Sea, the first major privatization deal of Montenegro since the independence from Serbia.
He has a master's degree and is married with four children.

</doc>
<doc id="19061953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061953" title="The Aroostook Review">
The Aroostook Review

The Aroostook Review is "the online literary journal of the English Program at the University of Maine at Fort Kent." Geraldine Cannon Becker is the Editor in Chief of the literary journal, initiated in 2006. The Aroostook Review publishes poetry, fiction, non-fiction, as well as artwork in each annual issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19061958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061958" title="Verres hageni">
Verres hageni

Verres hageni is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19061966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061966" title="The Lawrence Foundation">
The Lawrence Foundation

The Lawrence Foundation is a private family foundation in the United States focused on making grants to support environmental, education, human services and other causes. It makes both program and operating grants and does not have any geographical restrictions. Nonprofit organizations that qualify for public charity status under section 501(c)(3) of the US Internal Revenue Code or other similar organizations are eligible for grants from The Lawrence Foundation.
Background.
The Lawrence Foundation was established in 2000 by Jeff Lawrence and Diane Troth (husband and wife) Trillium Digital Systems, Inc. developed and licensed communications software and was founded in 1988 by Jeff Lawrence and Larisa Chistyakov.
Grant funding.
Since its founding in 2000, the Foundation has received over 7,000 grant applications and made grants of over US$ 4 million.<ref>Frazier, Eric. "Grantseeking Goes Paperless". The Chronicle of Philanthropy, April 3, 2008.In 2013, the Foundation received over 1,200 grant applications and approved 40 grants worth US$ 205,542. The Foundation ended 2013 with US$ 4 million in assets. Statistics of all applications received and grants made in 2013 and earlier can be found [http://www.commongrantapplication.com/cga_gmkstatistics.php?secNav=Statistics&indId=20&orgId=20 here. To apply to The Lawrence Foundation, non-profits must use the Common Grant Application, an online grant application and management system. The Lawrence Foundation does not accept paper-based letter of inquiry and/or grant applications.
Direct funding.
In March 2005, The Lawrence Foundation, in conjunction with the Natural Resources Defense Council and Tufts University, organized and hosted a workshop of environmental economists from academia. The purpose of the workshop was to identify, develop and engage a network of economists and others that shared and supported a common vision of developing, delivering and advocating credible and effective economic theories and arguments for environmental protection, stewardship, and investment. In 2006, the economists who attended that meeting started Center for thr Applied Study of Economics and Environment (CASE&E), with a year of preliminary programs – launching an online directory of economists open to working with the environmental movement, and offering summer internships with environmental groups, and dissertation support, for economics graduate students. The organization continues to grow and recently changed its name to Economics for Equity and the Environment Network (E3) to more accurately reflect its current focus.

</doc>
<doc id="19061978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061978" title="USS Papago (ATF-160)">
USS Papago (ATF-160)

USS "Papago" (ATF-160) was an built for the United States Navy during World War II, and named for the American Indian tribe of the Piman family that formerly lived south and southeast of the Gila River in Arizona and the Mexican state of Sonora.
Construction History.
"Papago" was laid down at Charleston, South Carolina by the Charleston Shipbuilding and Drydock Company on 19 March 1945. She was launched on 21 June 1945, with Mrs. William Thomas Johnston as her sponsor. "Papago" was commissioned into the United States Navy on 3 October 1945, with Lt. W. S. Hall in command.
Operational history.
Post-shakedown operations.
Following shakedown, "Papago" reported to the Naval Operating Base in Newport, Rhode Island on 17 November 1945 and conducted training operations and movements to assist various vessels in distress for the remainder of that year.
Major towing and salvage operations.
After duty as a stand-by tug in Bermuda, "Papago" towed YD–171, the world's largest self-propelled Floating crane at the time, from Bremerhaven, Germany to Cristóbal, Colón, in the Panama Canal Zone, from 14 August to 20 September 1946.
"Papago" engaged in general towing, upkeep, and material maintenance for several months after which she made towing voyages in 1949 from the Panama Canal Zone to Naval Station Norfolk; from Norfolk to Newport; and from Boston to Bayonne, New Jersey.
From 30 January to 7 February 1950, "Papago" was involved in re-floating the battleship , which had run aground in Hampton Roads on 17 January. She then moved decommissioned destroyer escorts to Philadelphia for the transfer to France under the Military Defense Assistance Program between 10 May to 14 May 1950.
"Papago" later towed the decommissioned heavy cruiser from Boston to Philadelphia between 17 July to 21 July 1961. "Papago" was subsequently engaged in the salvaging and re-floating operation involving the decommissioned destroyer , which had grounded at Beach Haven, New Jersey, while being towed by another vessel during a severe storm on 6 March 1962 between 6 March to 22 April. For this effort, "Papago" received a citation from Admiral Robert L. Dennison, the Commander-in-Chef U.S. Atlantic Fleet (CINCLANTFLT).
The first half of 1968 was marked by four and a half months of almost continuous steaming in coastal and Caribbean waters involving the pioneering of nuclear submarine towing methods, followed in the fall by participation in communications experiments in the Virginia Capes area. "Papago" received the Award of Excellence in Engineering for fiscal year 1968.
On 10 November, "Papago" towed the newly-decommissioned destroyer to the Naval Inactive Ship Maintenance Facility at the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard, reaching that facility on the 12 March.
Naval exercises & operations.
"Papago" did not participate in the Korean War, while she did perform towing operations in coastal waters and the Caribbean. "Papago" did participate in refresher training and towed gunnery targets in the Guantanamo Bay area from 11 March to 16 July 1957. She participated in NATO's Operation Strikeback, deploying to Scotland from 14 September to 28 September 1957. "Papago" also participated in NASA's manned space flight program as a naval support vessel for the following missions:
"Papago" participated in quarantine operations during the Cuban Missile Crisis from 10 October to 14 November 1962. In early 1963, she provided services for Operation Springboard in the Caribbean Sea and spent much of the remainder of 1963 and 1964 in the Guantanamo Bay and Virginia Capes areas. "Papago" later joined Commander Task Group 124.3 (CTG 124.3) in May 1965 for duty during the crisis in the Dominican Republic, then steamed in the North Atlantic as part of Commander Service Division 81 (ComServDiv 81).
While serving as a rescue, salvage, and towing ship for the U.S. Sixth Fleet in 1967, "Papago" provided escort and communication support to the stricken which had been attacked by Israeli forces during the Six-Day War. "Papago" ended 1968 undergoing an extensive overhaul at Newport News.
Starting 28 June 1985, "Papago" participated in anti-drug patrols in the Caribbean Sea as part of Joint Task Force 4 (JTF-4).
Awards & Citations.
"Papago" received the following awards and citations during her commission as a unit of the United States Navy:
Final Disposal.
"Papago" was decommissioned on 28 July 1992 and was struck from the Naval Registry on 14 February 1995. Ex-"Papago" was transferred to the Maritime Administration on 29 December 1997 for disposal, and is presently a part of the Naval mothball fleet located in Philadelphia, PA.

</doc>
<doc id="19061979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061979" title="Mews (falconry)">
Mews (falconry)

In falconry, a mews is a birdhouse designed to house one or more birds of prey.
In falconry there are two types of mews: the freeloft mews and traditional mews. Traditional mews usually consist of partitioned spaces designed to keep tethered birds separated with perches for each bird in the partitioned space. Many birds can be safely and comfortably housed in this setup. Traditional mews must be accompanied by a weathering yard to allow captive raptors adequate time outside as most traditional mews do not permit tethered raptors to spend time outdoors.
Freeloft mews allow captive raptors more freedom of motion, but require much more space, as usually only one raptor may safely occupy the much larger chambers. Mews chambers can be as small as but are frequently much larger, often occupying as much space as a small house and sometimes reaching as high as three storeys. Birds are allowed to fly free within the chamber, and very often can choose between a number of perches. 
The word "mews" came from French "muer" = "to change", because falconry birds were put in the mews while they were moulting.

</doc>
<doc id="19061986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19061986" title="Taylor Bloxham">
Taylor Bloxham

Taylor Bloxham is one of the largest independent lithographic printers in the UK. When Hubert Taylor and Harold Bloxham first formed Taylor Bloxham in Leicester in 1938, the first year's turnover was a mere £2,631 8s 2d. The current Chairman, Bruce Sharpless, who has been around since those early years as an errand boy, has been instrumental in expanding the business into what it is today. The culture of Taylor Bloxham has been influenced by various initiatives, which have been introduced over the years to encourage the management of change and the philosophy of continuous improvement. 
The company now employs over 200 people, and has an annual turnover in excess of £19m.
Taylor Bloxham is part of the Print People Group which includes C & R Printing Services - an independently successful print company for over 30 years, FastAnt specialising in facilities management, direct marketing and print management and Creative Link Solutions, an established design partner to the group offering not only print design, but digital photography, web design and creative brand development.
In April 2007 Taylor Bloxham were recognised by the Queen for Enterprise Achievements in the Innovation category. The award was won for the development of a new highly accurate colour reproduction technique. The method utilises the lithographic printing process and has already had a significant impact on many of Taylor Bloxham’s clients. In order to bring this product to the market, Taylor Bloxham have in the last four years spent over £9 million on new equipment and more than £1 million on research and development, allowing them to develop a range of techniques that no one in the industry can offer to the same standard.
(1)http://www.taylorbloxham.co.uk
(2)http://www.queensawards.org.uk/business/Winners/2007.html
(3)http://www.printpeoplegroup.co.uk
(4)http://www.fastant.co.uk

</doc>
<doc id="19062000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062000" title="M.U.D.S. – Mean Ugly Dirty Sport">
M.U.D.S. – Mean Ugly Dirty Sport

M.U.D.S. – Mean Ugly Dirty Sport is a videogame of a sport similar to rugby played by multiple races in a fantasy scenario.
The game was produced by Golden Goblins and published by Rainbow Arts in 1990 for Amiga and DOS platforms. Game match style can be compared to the Speedball (video game) series, even if this game has a manager part in which the player can loan money from a bank to purchase players, move to various towns, or place a bet on a match to make money.
Gameplay.
There are two teams with five field players each. Each player has its own skills and race. The aim of the game is to beat the opponent's team by putting a Flonk (a pterodactyl animal) on a chest located across a moat dug on each side of the field.
Fighting skills can be quite useful as fights occur regularly between players, and because the opposing team can not finish if it is decimated.

</doc>
<doc id="19062002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062002" title="Alex Loyd">
Alex Loyd

Edgar Alex Loyd (August 7, 1927 – May 1976) was an American football end in the National Football League for the San Francisco 49ers. He played college football at Oklahoma State University and was drafted in the fifteenth round of the 1950 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.

</doc>
<doc id="19062005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062005" title="Orgia Pravednikov">
Orgia Pravednikov

Orgia Pravednikov (, translated as 'Orgy of The Righteous') is a Russian rock group formed in 1999. The peculiar sound of the band arises from the combination of acoustic (flute and acoustic guitar) and electric (drums, electric guitar and bass guitar) sessions.
History.
"Orgia Pravednikov" was formed in early 1999 by a merge of the rock group "Artel", whose style can be described as art-rock, and singer-songwriter and acoustic guitarist Sergey Kalugin, who had just had his previous act "Dikaya Okhota" ('Wild Hunt') disbanded.
According to the members of the band, the name "Orgia Pravednikov" ("Orgy of the Righteous") was prompted by the audience asked what the band should be called during one of concerts.
Soon after the forming the band released an eponymous single, and in 2001 an album "Oglaschennye, isydite!". The band, with its unusual sound combining art-rock flute and Kalugin's acoustic guitar arpeggios, on one part, and a hard electric framework, on the other, started gaining popularity among the Russian rock audience.
Over the decade, 2001-2010, the band output four studio albums and as many live ones.
The start of the second decade was marked by the band aired on the major national pop-rock radio "Nashe Radio". In 2013 "Orgia Pravednikov" made it to the shortlist of the radio's annual awards, including a song, an album and the vocalist (Kalugin) in respective nominations, though eventually the band didn't win any one as determined by audience poll results, competing with the highly popular "Nochniye Snaiperi" et al.
Also in 2013, the band for the first time took part in the biggest Russian open-air rock-festival "Nashestvie".

</doc>
<doc id="19062017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062017" title="History of Wetherby">
History of Wetherby

The recorded history of Wetherby, a market town in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough, West Yorkshire, England, began in the 12th and 13th centuries when the Knights Templar and later the Knights Hospitallers were granted land and properties in Yorkshire. The preceptory founded in 1217 was at Ribston Park. In 1240 the Knights Templar were granted by Royal Charter of Henry III the right to hold a market in Wetherby (known then as Werreby). The charter stated the market should be held on Thursdays and an annual fair was permitted lasting three days over the day of St James the Apostle.
From 1318 to 1319, the North of England suffered many raids from the Scots. After the Battle of Bannockburn Wetherby was burned and many people taken and killed. According to the blue plaque [http://www.elliott99.plus.com/Richard/images/scott%20lane400x400.jpg] at the entrance to Scott Lane, it could be named after the Scottish raiders in 1318, or perhaps after the 18th century drovers who used Wetherby as a watering place.
In 1233 the Archbishop of York allowed remission of sins to those who contributed to the building of the Wetherby Bridge.
Wetherby Castle.
For 15 years Wetherby was home to a castle built without the consent of the King or Parliament. It was constructed in 1140 by the Percy family to guard the crossing by the River Wharfe, particularly against raids Scottish raiders, which were prevalent since most of England, north of Yorkshire was controlled by the Scots. However in 1255 its demolition was ordered by King Henry III. Only its foundations remain, very little of which comes above ground level, in 2005 and 2006 the three dwellings occupying this site were demolished and replaced by flats, named 'Castle Keep' to reflect its history, and marked with a blue plaque commissioned by Wetherby Town Council and Wetherby Civic Society.
English Civil War.
Wetherby played a small part in the Civil War in 1644. Before marching to Tadcaster and on to Marston Moor, the Parliamentarians spent two days in Wetherby while joining forces with the Scots. Oliver Cromwell stayed in the Half Moon Inn, in Collingham before the Battle of Marston Moor.
Great Sale of Wetherby (1824).
To fund work on his house at Chatsworth, the Duke of Devonshire sold the Manor of Wetherby, with the exception of one house. It included many houses, businesses, a corn mill, and brewery. The 1824 sale catalogue included "nearly 200 dwellings", "Two Posting Houses, Three Inns and Seven Public Houses", "The Valuable Manor of Wetherby", and "Upwards of 1300 acres". The sale catalogue for the sale of the "Whole of the large market town of Wetherby (with the exception of one house therein)" describes Wetherby as an important stop on the high turnpike from Ferry Bridge to Glasgow.
On the first day of the sale, the Swan and Talbot sold for £1,510, on the second day The Crown, The Red Lion and The Blue Boar sold for of £2870. An example from the catalogue regarding the sale of The Crown Inn on the High Street.
Lot Number: 66<br>
Occupiers: Widow Smith<br>
Description: The Crown Inn, in High Street, containing on the ground floor, two parlours, dining room, a back room, bar and scullery; cellar, four bedchambers and a small room. In the back yard in a brewhouse, store room, coal house, barn, cow house, pig cotes, a seven stall stable with granary over: another stable with a malt room over, and a box stable. These premises extend onto the market place.
The Victorian Era.
Industrialisation.
In Victorian times, Wetherby was a rural town, the major town for the surrounding rural districts where the cattle market was located, Wetherby industrialised during this era, though less than in the more textile dependent areas of the West Riding. Wetherby's brewery and mill developed, while Teesdale and Metcalf built a factory on what is now the Horsefair Centre. Wetherby provided the setting for the novel "Oldbury" (1869) by Annie Keary. Although Wetherby's Victorian industrial development was neither notable nor significant, the industrial revolution did not bypass it, and the town experienced growth. The Wetherby area saw industrial expansion during the Second World War when munitions factories were built at Thorp Arch and in the 1960s at the Sandbeck Industrial Estate.
The building of the railways.
In 1837, the Angel public house served two mail coaches daily In the 1840s the Harrogate to Church Fenton railway line was built. By the 1860s, the Wetherby News campaigned to link Wetherby to Leeds by railway. In 1866 the NER began construction of the Cross Gates to Wetherby line, the link to Leeds. A railway station was built on Linton Road, the older railway station is now "The Old Engine Shed" dance hall, off York Road. From the building of the Cross Gates-Wetherby line until its closure, raceday specials ran from Bradford Interchange to Wetherby.
Utilities.
Wetherby Gasworks was opened in 1852 on what is now Gashouse Lane. It had two gasholders and closed in the last 1970s. Wetherby had a concrete water tower in the Spofforth Hill area which was demolished in 1959. The gasworks no longer has gasholders, or produces town gas since the conversion to natural gas, however a gas site still does exist in the vicinity of Gashouse Lane and Victoria Street.
Twentieth century.
Around the start of the 20th century.
By around the start of the 20th century, Wetherby had a mixed economy. The town had a large mill which employed many in the town. The trades which had kept Wetherby going in earlier decades still thrived, such as the cattle market and the towns many inns, which served travellers on the A1. The growth of the railways in the 19th century had lessened Wetherby's strategic position on the Great North Road. Wetherby by this time had rail links to Leeds, Harrogate and York and had its own gas works, producing town gas.
The world wars.
Like many other towns in the West Riding, Wetherby suffered heavy losses in World War I, with many Wetherby men attached to the Leeds Pals, who suffered particularly heavy losses at the Battle of the Somme. Many Wetherby residents worked at the Barnbow munitions works in Cross Gates for the duration of the war. A memorial to the losses suffered by Wetherby in the Great War, designed by E.F. Roslyn was erected adjacent to the towns bridge in 1922. During the Second World War Wetherby had the country's only inland landship, HMS Ceres situated on the site now occupied by Wetherby High School. ROF Thorp Arch, what is now the Thorp Arch trading estate was also built outside the town as a munitions factory, which providied war time employment for many in the town as well as across Leeds. Unusually, Wetherby does not have a memorial to its losses in the Second World War, one was neither erected or as in many towns, a list of the dead added to the Great War memorial.
Brewery.
For many years the town was home to Wharfedale Brewery which became Oxley's mineral water factory during the inter-war years. The factory was demolished in the 1950s, with the chimney being imploded in 1959. and was redeveloped as the West Yorkshire bus depot and bus station, and has since been further redeveloped to include shops, offices, and a restaurant in addition to the bus station. The nearby watermill, which was situated by the weir, is now the site of luxury riverside flats.
The closure of the railways.
Both the LNER Cross Gates to Wetherby line and the Harrogate to Church Fenton line closed in 1965 under the Beeching Axe. Once the railway had been closed, the council deliberated over whether to convert the disused line into a central relief road, however such plans never came to fruition. The line has since being converted into the Harland Way, cycle track, linking Wetherby with Spofforth.
Town centre redevelopment.
Throughout the 1960s the town council deliberated over how best to enlarge the town centre to cope with the needs of a growing population and to provide the town with a purpose built supermarket. Plans were put forward to enlarge the town over the ings, or to develop the town centre into a pedestrian precinct. There were two similar plans for this put forward, both involved the demolition of The Red Lion public house and replacing it with offices, one plan involved the pedestrianisation of the High Street and North Street and a central bypass being built linking Boston Road with York Road. The Second scheme involved pedestrianising the Market Place, allowing buses to still use the lower end to access the bus station.
In the end it was decided to build a purpose built shopping precinct, which was built in the 1970s and underwent a significant redevelopment throughout 2003. By 2006 the remaining open parts of the Horsefair Centre were enclosed under a glass canopy roof.
Bypassing Wetherby.
The town's bypass was originally constructed between 1957 and 1959. This started South of the town by the A58 and finished in Kirk Deighton. For many years, the town's bypass started from at a roundabout near a Forte Posthouse hotel, which was prone to lengthy queues at busy periods. The roundabout still remains, but the A1 was diverted in July 1988 at a cost of £11.5 m. On 18 December 2004, the northern section of the bypass was substantially diverted to a new section of the A1(M), bypassing Kirk Deighton, after construction work had begun in August 2003. The upgrade of the section between Bramham and Wetherby started in July 2007 and is scheduled to be completed in 2009. The upgrading of the A1 includes a new motorway service station at the Wetherby North Junction (near Kirk Deighton). This will include another large hotel, the only one in Wetherby, North of the River Wharfe.
Industrialisation.
Although the 20th century saw the loss of Wetherby's mill and brewery, it also saw the development of the Sandbeck Industrial Estate and the nearby Thorp Arch Trading Estate. The Trading Estate was built mainly as munitions factories at the beginning of World War II. The Thorpe Arch trading estate brought employers such as Farnell (electronic components), Safepack (Packaging), Goldenfry (gravy and savoury food products), Swift Research (Market Research) and the Forensic Science Laboratory.
Twenty First Century.
Bypassing Wetherby again.
Wetherby was to be once again bypassed in the early 2000s. The original bypass, became somewhat of a bottleneck on the A1. The bypass was upgraded in two stages, the first being Wetherby to Dishforth. This involved moving the road to the East away from the town, the closing of the York Road and Deighton Road Junctions, the opening of a new junction on a new link road. Wetherby Service Station was opened in 2008, with a hotel expected to open in 2009. The Aberford to Wetherby stretch was upgraded later, this is yet to be completed. A further link road has been built between Boston Road and Wattlesyke. Another link road is to be built between Boston Road and Sandbeck Approach.
Redeveloping the Horsefair Centre.
After the 1990s, when Morrisons acquired the Horsefair Centre, it became apparent the supermarket was too small and the centre lacked parking. Throughout the 1990s and 2000s, the car park was extended over the former Burgess Factory (formerly Appleyard Farm Services) on Hallfield Lane and the playing fields of Wetherby High School. In 2003, the existing Supermarket was demolished. Eleven months later in 2004, a new flagship Morrisons was opened to anchor the centre. This required the relocation of the Post Office, which was moved to a temporary unit on the Crossley Street Car Park, before moving to a new home on the Market Place, opposite its original home. While the supermarket was closed, free buses ran from Spofforth Hill to Morrisons in Starbeck and from Deighton Road to Morrisons in Boroughbridge. Later in July 2005, work began to enclose the Western wing of the precinct, which had previously been mostly open. The roof was completed in 2006.
Blue plaques.
Wetherby Town Council have for some years commissioned blue plaques to mark points of notable history, these have been erected at the site of the former castle, the former watermill, the town hall, the Angel public house, the former cattle market, the Red Lion public house, The Shambles, St James' Church as well as other landmarks. The town has no museum of its own, yet the town's history is well documented at Leeds Central Library.

</doc>
<doc id="19062020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062020" title="Lexie Fyfe">
Lexie Fyfe

Mary Beth Bentley (born May 30, 1969), is an American professional wrestler. She has wrestled in various independent wrestling promotions, most notably for Shimmer Women Athletes and has had tryouts for both WWE and WCW.
Early life.
Bentley was born in Denville, New Jersey where she spent most of her life, attending Morris Knolls High School. She spent a couple of years in Toledo, Ohio and St. Petersburg, Florida when she was very young.
Bentley went to Elon College in North Carolina and now resides in Tampa, Florida after a couple of years in Jeffersonville, Indiana.
Career.
While working in billing at LabCorp, Bentley met co-worker Brandi Wine who asked if she had an interest in training to become a wrestler. Brandi was valeting at the time for the "Beastmaster" Rick Link and Tim Blaze. She introduced Lexie to some local promoters who were looking for female wrestlers. Ken Spence, who runs a wrestling school in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, talked her into coming early to one of the next shows. She got in the ring with a couple of the wrestlers and learned some simple moves. She started training at Ken's school right after that in April 1995.
She stayed at Spence's school for a little over a year while learning the basic techniques of wrestling. Feeling that she needed to become more versatile and learn different styles, she left Spence's school. Then she had met Matt Hardy on a show and he invited her down to their training place. In fact, she was thinking about leaving wrestling because she didn't feel that she was progressing in the ring. She learned so much there especially about the psychology of a wrestling match. Also, she had the chance to learn valuable skills from the "unpredictable" Johnny Rodz, who has trained stars including as Tazz and Perry Saturn. She visited his school at least six times on various trips to the New York area. In one wrestling match, Lexie grabbed Riptide by the hair. Then she pulled her hair extremely hard. Then she tossed her around the ring by the hair. Also, in another encounter, Lexie swung Sweet Destiny through the air by the hair multiple times. Then she pulled her hair out by the roots. 
In 2005, Lexie joined Shimmer Women Athletes as a villain and defeated Christie Ricci on the first show. Lexie began teaming with the evil Malia Hosaka after they attacked Lorelei Lee over her defeating Malia on Volume 3. On Volume 4 Hosaka and Fyfe defeated Lee and Cindy Rogers in a tag team match. On Volume 5 they became an official team under the name The Experience. Since then they had a winning streak which was broken by Cheerleader Melissa and MsChif on Volume 12. They then started another winning streak which was broken this time by Ashley and Nevaeh in the final of a six-team Gauntlet Match on Volume 21.
After missing Volume 23 The Experience came back as part of the Volume 24 as they defeated the team of Rayna Von Tosh and Tenille.
On April 21, 2008, Lexie worked as a Hillary Clinton imposter on "WWE Raw", where she defeated "Barack Obama" before being destroyed by Umaga.
In early 2010 Fyfe took a hiatus from professional wrestling due to her pregnancy and subsequent childbirth.
When Shine Wrestling was established on July 20, 2012, Lexie began her stint as a babyface authority figure for the promotion. On October 27, 2012, Lexie made a return appearance to SHIMMER as a villain at Volume 50; taking part in a ten-woman elimination tag team match that saw her, Mercedes Martinez, Portia Perez, Nicole Matthews, and Saraya Knight defeated by MsChif, Allison Danger, Leva Bates, and Cheerleader Melissa.

</doc>
<doc id="19062032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062032" title="Nuclear Receptor Signaling Atlas">
Nuclear Receptor Signaling Atlas

The Nuclear Receptor Signaling Atlas (NURSA) is a United States National Institutes of Health-funded research consortium focussed on nuclear receptors and nuclear receptor coregulators. Its co-principal investigators are Bert O'Malley of Baylor College of Medicine and Ron Evans of the Salk Institute. 

</doc>
<doc id="19062075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062075" title="Veturius transversus">
Veturius transversus

Veturius transversus is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19062078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062078" title="Ford E83W">
Ford E83W

The Fordson E83W, also sold later under the Thames brand, was a 10 cwt (half ton) light commercial vehicle from Ford built at the Dagenham plant in the United Kingdom between 1938 and 1957. The van was sold in Australia as the Ten-Ten, and the E83W was available in various forms around much of the world as Britain strove to export after WW 2. In some countries, the 'cowl and chassis' only was imported and local bodies built.
The E83W was aimed at the small haulage, trade and merchant market, with many a local Fordson butcher's or grocer's delivery van being fondly recalled by the baby boom generation. A 'Utilicon' estate wagon conversion was available in the UK. Vans are the most common today, along with builders' pickups, which were flatbeds. Many rusty vans have been cut down to make a wooden back pickup, flatbed in other words. The rarest by far are the steel back step-side pickups, with only 10 or 20 known to exist in the UK. During and after the second world war, many specialist variations such as mobile canteens, ice cream vans and even fire pumps were built on the E83W chassis. 
The E83W was powered by the 1172 cc Ford 10 hp side-valve engine, with a 3 speed gearbox, and was heavily geared down in the rear axle. This made the Fordson much slower than the saloons, with an effective top speed of not much over 40 mph. Apart from the 10 hp engine, the E83W shares few parts with the other small Fords, which does make the spares a little harder to get hold of. The front and rear axles are much heavier than the saloon and 5cwt van components, and share some parts such as bearings and other internals with the contemporary Ford V8 models (Models 62 and E71A Pilot). The head lamps were shared with the E27N tractor, for which they were an optional extra only.
The E83W was a simple and slow but sturdy and lovable little commercial, which continued to serve well into the 1960s in good numbers in many parts of the world, and which survives in reasonable numbers today.

</doc>
<doc id="19062096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062096" title="Jim Cullom">
Jim Cullom

James Henry "Truck" Cullom (November 5, 1925 – March 4, 1998) was an American football guard in the National Football League for the New York Yanks. 
Cullom served in the United States Marine Corps during World War II. After the war, he played college football at the University of California, where he was a three-year lineman and placekicker from 1947–49, playing on two of coach Pappy Waldorf's Rose Bowl teams. Cullom was a first team All-Coast tackle in 1949, and also played on Cal's rugby team.
Cullom was drafted in the seventeenth round of the 1950 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins. After one season playing for the New York Yanks, he was recalled by the Marines and was wounded in the Korean War. Cullom later returned to Cal where he worked as an assistant coach for both the football and rugby teams.
Cullom was inducted into the University of California Athletic Hall of Fame in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19062101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062101" title="Yigal Cohen-Orgad">
Yigal Cohen-Orgad

Yigal Cohen-Orgad (, born 30 August 1937) is a former Israeli politician who served as Minister of Finance from October 1983 until September 1984. 
Today Cohen-Orgad is Chancellor of the Ariel University Center of Samaria.
Biography.
Born in Tel Aviv during the Mandate era, Cohen-Orgad studied economics and education at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. During his youth, he was a member of the Bnei Etzel (literally "Young Irgun") youth movement. In 1962 he started working in the Economic Planning Authority in the Ministry of Finance. 
He joined Herut, but left and joined the Free Centre in 1965. He eventually returned to Herut, which by the mid-1970s had become part of the Likud alliance. He became chairman of Herut's economic council, and in 1977, was elected to the Knesset on the Likud list. Re-elected in 1981, he was appointed Minister of Finance in October 1983, replacing Yoram Aridor. Although he retained his seat in the 1984 elections, he was not included in the new cabinet. He lost his Knesset seat in the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19062103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062103" title="Sergiy Kirichenko">
Sergiy Kirichenko

General of Army of Ukraine Sergiy Kirichenko, (born May 4, 1952) was the 9th Chief of the General Staff and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
Early career.
Sergiy Kirichenko was born on February 25, 1952 in Novoselivka, a small village in the Kharkiv Oblast, Ukraine to a working-class family.
Education.
In 1973 Sergiy Kirichenko graduated from Kharkiv Armour Command school.
In 1983 he graduated from command faculty of Marshal of the USSR Malinovskiy’s Armour Force Academy.
In 2000 Sergiy Kirichenko graduated from the faculty of preparation of the operational-strategic level officers’ of the National Academy of Defence of Ukraine with golden medal.
Assignments.
Sergiy Kirichenko started his military carrier in Kiev Military District as commander of armour platoon. During 1975–1992, he occupied positions of armour company commander, chief of staff of armour battalion, chief of staff of armour regiment, commander of armour regiment and deputy division commander.
In 1992, after the fall of the Soviet Union, he joined the newly established Armed Forces of Ukraine. Until 2002, he served as commander of 128th mechanized division, chief of staff of the Army Corps and commander of the 13th Army Corps.
April 2002 Sergiy Kirichenko was assigned on position of Deputy of the Chief of Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. He was promoted to position of the Chief of the General Staff – the first Deputy of the Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the Armed Forces of Ukraine in January 2003 and remained in that position until July 2004.
On June 6, 2005 by Decree # 961/2005 of the President of Ukraine Viktor Yushchenko, he was assigned to be the Chief of the General Staff – Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
Awards and decorations.
Sergiy Kirichenko earned the following decorations and awards:

</doc>
<doc id="19062110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062110" title="Keyvan Jenkins">
Keyvan Jenkins

Keyvan Lewis Jenkins (born January 6, 1961 in Stockton, California) is a former running back who played 8 seasons in the Canadian Football League. He also played two seasons in the National Football League. He won the Grey Gup for the BC Lions in 1985, and with the Calgary Stampeders in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19062112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062112" title="Dipicolinic acid">
Dipicolinic acid

Dipicolinic acid (pyridine-2,6-dicarboxylic acid or PDC and DPA) is a chemical compound which composes 5% to 15% of the dry weight of bacterial spores. It is implicated as responsible for the heat resistance of the endospore. 
However, mutants resistant to heat but lacking dipicolinic acid have been isolated, suggesting other mechanisms contributing to heat resistance are at work.
Two genera of bacteria are known to produce endospores: the aerobic Bacillus and anaerobic Clostridium.
A Jet Propulsion Laboratory chemist has developed technology to perform high speed, large area assessments of sterilization by searching for dipicolinic acid as an indicator of spores, being the hardiest of life forms. Spacecraft cleanliness can more rapidly be ascertained, as well as the sterility of medical equipment and facilities. 
It is also used to prepare dipicolinato ligated lanthanide and transition metal complexes for ion chromatography.

</doc>
<doc id="19062118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062118" title="Christopher Dorling">
Christopher Dorling

Christopher Dorling is the co-founder of Dorling Kindersley, a publishing company, along with Peter Kindersley. He was educated at Leighton Park School. He retired from the company in 1987, but remains a board member.

</doc>
<doc id="19062147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062147" title="Live in Glasgow (New Order video)">
Live in Glasgow (New Order video)

Live in Glasgow is a live DVD released by New Order, in 2008. It features 18 tracks, recorded in October 2006 at the O2 Academy Glasgow. A bonus disc is also included which features tracks recorded live from the early days called "Rare and Unseen Footage."

</doc>
<doc id="19062170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062170" title="Spectrum Animation">
Spectrum Animation

The Spectrum Animation Studio was an animation studio in Japan, made up of former TMS Entertainment employees. Spectrum animated several episodes of "".
On the commentary track for "" on the "Batman: The Animated Series, Volume One" DVD, producer Bruce Timm stated that Spectrum was responsible for airbrushing Mr. Freeze's helmet in every frame that featured him. Such attention to detail ultimately drove the studio to bankruptcy; Most of their staff members are now working for Production I.G
Frank Paur (director, "Vendetta", "Batman: The Animated Series") praised Spectrum's animation. "We wanted to keep the show heavy on the mist, the rain. I wanted reflections, mist, gentle rain to play up the whole motif. I was really worried at first that it would go to a bad studio."
Episode list.
The episodes of "Batman: The Animated Series" that were animated by Spectrum Animation Studio are:
Layout services.
Spectrum Animation provided layout services for the following episodes of "Batman: The Animated Series". However, Dong Yang did the animation for these episodes.
Spectrum and Dong Yang both worked on the animation for the feature film "". Dong Yang did the animation for "Mask of the Phantasm", and Spectrum did the layout services.

</doc>
<doc id="19062174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062174" title="Tunisia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Tunisia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Tunisia sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. The country was represented by 35 athletes (22 men and 13 women).

</doc>
<doc id="19062211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062211" title="Jon Oringer">
Jon Oringer

Jon Oringer is an American entrepreneur and the founder of the popular microstock photography site Shutterstock. He is currently Shutterstock's CEO.
Biography.
He has a Bachelor of Science degree in Math and Computer Science from Stony Brook University, and completed his Master's degree in Computer Science at Columbia University. Oringer is a certified commercial helicopter pilot.
Oringer pioneered the subscription based microstock photography business model when he created Shutterstock in 2003. Oringer originally founded the company to sell his own images, but soon recognized that his work alone would not satisfy his customers' demand. In response, Oringer decided to become an agent as well, so he could offer other people's work as a complement to his own. By combining a personal interest in photography with a first hand knowledge of the demand for diverse and compelling imagery in today's marketplace, Oringer set out to provide high quality photographs in a way that he thought would make sense to his customers.
The company has enjoyed robust growth since its inception; it grew from 30,000 royalty-free stock images in 2003 to over 11 million in February 2010, and over 18 million in April, 2012. In 2009, Oringer was selected 41st on the Silicon Alley 100, an annual list of the 100 most influential entrepreneurs, investors, executives, and technologists in Manhattan. In 2012, Business Insider named Oringer the fifth coolest person in all of New York technology.
In June, 2012, Oringer was recognized as New York's Technology Entrepreneur of the Year by Ernst & Young.
In March 2013, Oringer was recognized as one of Crain's class of 2013 40 Under 40. He was also recognized as Silicon Alley's first billionaire 55 percent ownership interest in Shutterstock which he controls through closely held investment company Pixel Holdings Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="19062219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062219" title="Real exchange-rate puzzles">
Real exchange-rate puzzles

The real exchange-rate puzzles is a common term for two much-discussed anomalies of real exchange rates: that real exchange rates are more "volatile" and show more "persistence" than what most models can account for. These two anomalies are sometimes referred to as the "purchasing power parity puzzles".
Dornbusch's (1976) exchange rate overshooting hypothesis argued that exchange rate volatility is essentially driven by monetary shocks interacting with sticky prices. This model can account for real exchange rate volatility, but does not say anything about the volatility of relative to output or the persistence of the real exchange rate movements.
Chari, Kehoe and McGrattan (2002) showed how a model with two countries and where prices were only allowed to change once-a-year had the potential to simultaneously account for the volatility of U.S. output and real exchange rates.
These two anomalies are related to, but should not be confused with, the Backus-Smith consumption-real exchange rate anomaly, which is the observation that in most economic models the correlation between the real exchange rate and relative consumption is high and positive, whereas in the data it ranges from small and positive to negative.
Another real-exchange-rate anomaly was documented by Mussa (1986). In this paper Mussa documented that industrial countries which moved from fixed to floating exchange rate regimes experienced dramatic rises in nominal-exchange-rate volatility. Since the volatility increases much more than what can be accounted for by changes in the domestic price levels, it means that the real-exchange-rate volatility increases. This is sometimes referred to as the «Mussa puzzle».
Obstfeld and Rogoff (2000) identified the purchasing power and exchange rate disconnect puzzle as one of the six major puzzles in international economics. These were the consumption correlation puzzle, home bias in trade puzzle, the equity home bias puzzle, the Feldstein-Horioka savings-investment correlations puzzle, and the exchange rate regime puzzle. The sixth puzzle is described as "why exchange rates are so volatile and apparently disconnected from fundamentals". Here Obstfeld and Rogoff (2000) quotes the Meese and Rogoff (1983) "exchange rate forecasting puzzle" and the Baxter and Stockman (1989) "neutrality of exchange rate regime puzzle". These two puzzles are closely to the "Mussa puzzle" as well as the other real exchange rate puzzles.
References.
Coudert, Virginie and Valérie Mignon. "The Forward Premium Puzzle and the Sovereign Default Risk", "Journal of International Money and Finance," 2012. http://www.cepii.fr/anglaisgraph/workpap/pdf/2011/wp2011-17.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="19062221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062221" title="Tunisia at the 2004 Summer Paralympics">
Tunisia at the 2004 Summer Paralympics

Tunisia participated in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens. Tunisians athletes won a total of eight gold medals, seven silver and three bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="19062231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062231" title="Anselm Ahlfors">
Anselm Ahlfors

Anselm Ahlfors (29 December 1897 – 13 August 1974) was a Finnish wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Ahlfors competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris where he won a silver medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the bantamweight class.

</doc>
<doc id="19062242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062242" title="Ludmila Bereznitsky">
Ludmila Bereznitsky

Ludmila Bereznitsky (Kovel, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian art historian and critic focused on the establishment of interactive connections between contemporary art from Eastern Europe, Western Europe and Asia. Her efforts are directed at creating new frameworks for cultural exchange on an international level. Ludmila Bereznitsky is also a President of the EIDOS Foundation which supports young artists. She also works as an associate professor for art history and theory at the National Academy of Fine Arts and Architecture, and is also the head of two galleries for contemporary art.
Education.
Since 1996 Ludmila Bereznitsky has been teaching history, world and Ukrainian culture in Kiev
Linguistic Institute. Beside her work as tutor at the professorship for “Theory and History of Art”, she starts to organize Exhibitions on the basis of Ukrainian art at the beginning of the 90s. Later she started to work with Ukrainian artists who belong to the “New Wave” movement.
In 1994 Ludmila Bereznitsky found the L-Art Gallery, today's Bereznitsky Gallery in Kiev. During a decade she was collecting soviet art. This unique collection consists of over 500 works. Furthermore she extensively exhibits Ukrainian artists of the New Wave - Ukrainian transavantgarde. Among those artists are Alexander Gnilitsky, Arsen Savadov, Ilya Chichkan, Maksim Mamsikov, Visilij Tsagolov, Alexander Roitburd, Viktor Sidorenko, Igor Gusev and many others. As a result of this extensive work, Ludmila published a catalog “"From Red to Yellow and Blue"”, which presents the best works of the Soviet ideological art and presents art movements such as postimpressionism, neobaroque, neoprimitivism, Ukrainian metaphysics, postimpressionism and the Ukrainian New Wave. The Bereznitsky Gallery plays a very important role in integration of Ukrainian contemporary art into international art scene.
Eidos Arts Development Foundation.
In 2005 Ludmila Bereznitsky together with Lubov Michaylova and Peter Bagriy founded Eidos Arts Development Foundation. The main objective of this non-governmental, non-profit organization is to create a base for representation and sponsorship of young Ukrainian artists and to give them an access to the international art scene. In 2006 EIDOS conducted the first Visual Art International Competition. The Competition’s main task is to search for new ideas and names, as well as support young artists’ initiatives which could appropriately represent Ukraine in the world art community.
Bereznitsky Gallery Berlin.
An increased interest to contemporary art and a rapid development and fundamental changes of the art market creates an opportunity to collaborate with other cultures and countries. In 2006 Ludmila Bereznitsky opened the Bereznitsky Gallery Berlin. It is the first space in Berlin to represent contemporary Ukrainian art. The gallery presents the most exciting Ukrainian artists working today, making Eastern Europe’s lively yet neglected art scene accessible to a Western European audience for the first time.
Publications.
Concept of Young Curators Competition "Art A Priori". Concept was implemented by Eidos Art Foundation on the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="19062274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062274" title="Frank's sign">
Frank's sign

Frank's sign or Frank sign is a diagonal ear lobe crease (ELC) extending diagonally from the tragus across the lobule to the rear edge of the auricle.
It has been hypothesised that Frank's sign is indicative of cardiovascular disease and/or diabetes. Some studies have described Frank's sign as a marker of cardiovascular disease but not linked to the severity of the condition. In contrast, other studies have rebutted any association between Frank's sign and coronary artery disease in diabetics. There have also been reported cases of Frank's sign assisting in the diagnosis of cerebral infarctions.
However, researchers do agree that these creases have no predictive value in Native American Indian and Asian patients.
Some studies have focused upon bilateral ELC.
The sign is named after Dr. Sanders T. Frank.

</doc>
<doc id="19062278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062278" title="Dario Pinelli">
Dario Pinelli

Dario Pinelli is an Italian jazz manouche guitarist, born in Manduria, Italy, March 27, 1982. 
Young concert soloist, playing with the polyrhythmic-polyphonic "striking", that simultaneously creates harmony, bass, and melody. In 2002, he changed genre to gypsy jazz or "jazz manouche." In December 2004, Dario formed his new band, the "Dario Pinelli Gypsy Jazz Trio" with Dario Pinelli (solo guitar), Claudio Rollo (rhythmic guitar), and Achille Matricardi (double bass). The success obtained by the group earned them a collaboration with Serge Gallato, the French liutaio (acoustic instrument constructer), of which Dario is "ambassadeur en italie", alongside Angelo Debarre. 

</doc>
<doc id="19062289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062289" title="Aarne Reini">
Aarne Reini

Aarne Reini (August 6, 1906 – February 23, 1974) was a Finnish wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Reini competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin where he received a silver medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "featherweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19062299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062299" title="Galatasaray Wheelchair Basketball Team past rosters">
Galatasaray Wheelchair Basketball Team past rosters

2005-06.
Roster
2006-07.
Titles
Roster
2007-08.
Titles
Roster
2008-09.
Titles
Roster
2009-10.
Titles
Roster
2010-11.
Titles
Roster
2011-12.
Titles
Roster
2012-13.
Titles
Roster
2013-14.
Titles
Roster

</doc>
<doc id="19062304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062304" title="Péage">
Péage

The Péage is the French word for Toll plaza and in other French speaking countries it refers to the complete toll-road system or a specific main route using toll roads: "we use the péage and not the route nationale"
Some countries using the term Péage

</doc>
<doc id="19062306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062306" title="Stewart Wilson">
Stewart Wilson

Stewart Wilson (born 22 October 1942) is a former international rugby union player. 
He was capped twenty-two times for Scotland as a fullback between 1964 and 1968, and captained his country in four international matches. He scored 68 points in internationals for Scotland. 
He was selected for the 1966 British Lions tour to Australia and New Zealand, and played in the second international against and all four tests against the All Blacks, scoring 30 points which was a Lions career record for test match points at the time.
He represented Oxford in the Varsity Match in 1963 and 1964 and played club rugby for London Scottish.

</doc>
<doc id="19062322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062322" title="Linda's Nephew">
Linda's Nephew

Linda's Nephew is a band from Cambridgeshire, England. The band consists of Jaime Randall (vocals and guitars), James Cuthbert (vocals and keyboards) and Tom Wilkes (drums).
Biography.
Originally a 4-piece cover band, Linda's Nephew was formed after Jaime, James, previous members Matthew Bunnage and Tom Allerton met in a music lesson at St. Peter's Secondary School, Huntingdon. The band's current incarnation was formed towards the end of 2005.
2006 saw the band being featured in the Radar section of NME and the band's song 'Not Enough Forward Planning' earned the honour of being Steve Lamacq's demo of the week on his 'In New Music We Trust' show on BBC Radio 1 
The band toured extensively throughout England in 2007 and 2008, playing house parties and supporting Enter Shikari, The Dykeenies, I Was a Cub Scout, Rolo Tomassi and oddly, From The Jam.
The song 'Michael Barrymore' was played by Kissy Sell Out in the summer of 2008 on his 'In New DJs We Trust' on Radio 1 and the band were named Unsigned Band of the Month for June.
Jaime joined Look See Proof as keyboardist and vocalist in August 2008.
Discography.
EP.
Bear - CD<br>
1. Health Challenged, Survival Impaired<br>
2. Goddamnit, Leroy<br>
3. Michael Barrymore Counted To Seven. Then It Ended.<br>
4. Not Enough Forward Planning<br>
Release: October 2008<br>
Label: Rrratle Records

</doc>
<doc id="19062334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062334" title="North American Roller Hockey League">
North American Roller Hockey League

The North American Roller Hockey League was a professional inline hockey league that operated in the United States in the summer of 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19062365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062365" title="Crossing Boundaries">
Crossing Boundaries

Crossing Boundaries is an annual summer radio documentary series on CBC Radio One.
Each year, the producers select a number of recent acclaimed documentaries produced by various international public radio networks and broadcasts one per week.

</doc>
<doc id="19062366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062366" title="All Parks Alliance for Change">
All Parks Alliance for Change

All Parks Alliance for Change (APAC) is a grassroots, non-partisan, nonprofit statewide organization that serves as a vehicle for Minnesota's 180,000 manufactured (mobile) home park residents to express their needs and concerns in their parks and in the larger community.
Mission.
APAC is the statewide organization for Minnesota's 180,000 manufactured home (mobile home) park residents. The primary purpose of APAC is to educate park residents about their legal rights and to help them advocate on their own behalf. APAC focuses on the quality of life in park neighborhoods, the rights of park residents, public policy change to support park communities, and preservation of these communities.
Structure.
APAC's board of directors is composed of individuals elected from manufactured home parks. Board members are elected by the park residents, after their park has attained chapter status by recruiting 10 percent of the households to join as dues-paying members.
APAC also has a full-time staff that includes an executive director, legal & public policy director, organizing director, community organizers, national project coordinator, and a Democracy Project coordinator.
History.
APAC was founded in 1980 by a group of park residents in Anoka County who initially worked to eliminate no-cause evictions, and to create new storm shelter standards. These efforts eventually lead to the establishment of a special section of state law for manufactured home parks (Minnesota Statute 327C). APAC expanded to the seven county metro area in 1989 and statewide in 1994. In 2007, APAC began a national resident organizing project to promote resident leadership, organizing and advocacy in other states and on a national level.
Programs.
APAC members work with a full-time professional staff to develop and provide the following programs:
Accomplishments.
These programs have produced the following results:
Affiliate organizations.
National association.
Manufactured Home Owners Association of America (MHOAA)

</doc>
<doc id="19062372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062372" title="Kosovo–South Korea relations">
Kosovo–South Korea relations

Kosovar–South Korean relations are foreign relations between Kosovo and South Korea. Kosovo declared its independence from Serbia on 17 February 2008 and South Korea recognized it on 28 March 2008.
After the recogniton.
After South Korea recognized Kosovo, to celebrate the recogniton, the flags of the two countries were waved in the capital of South Korea, Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="19062382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062382" title="Arnold Jung Lokomotivfabrik">
Arnold Jung Lokomotivfabrik

The Arnold Jung Lokomotivfabrik (Arnold Jung Locomotive Works) was a locomotive manufacturer, in particular of Feldbahn locomotives, in Kirchen, Rheinland-Pfalz, Germany.
History.
The firm was founded on 13 February 1885 as Jung & Staimer OHG by Arnold Jung and Christian Staimer. On 3 September 1885 the first locomotive was delivered. In 1913 the company was renamed Arnold Jung Lokomotivfabrik GmbH, Jungenthal. In 1976 locomotive production was stopped in favour of other products such as machine tools, transporters, armour plating, cranes and bridgelayers.
Jung built more than 12,000 locomotives. In the 1950s it built 51 DB Class 23 2-6-2 locomotives, including in 1959, number 23 105, the last new steam locomotive supplied to the Deutsche Bundesbahn Jung also made boilers for other uses such as steam rollers.
By the 1950s Jung was also building diesel locomotives, such as the 42 standard gauge Egyptian Republic Railways 4211 class shunters in 1953–56.
Production ceased on 30 September 1993 and the factory closed, but the firm continues to exist as Jungenthal Systemtechnik GmbH.
Gallery.
There is a 5025 steam machine in the "Museo Ferroviario de Santiago de Chile". This machine served in the railway that existed between the Chilean southern towns "Los Sauces" and "Capitan Pastene" (35 km). This railway was began to built in 1904 and in 1978 was abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="19062405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062405" title="Ged Lynch">
Ged Lynch

Ged Lynch (born 19 July 1968, Manchester, England) is an English percussionist and composer.
Lynch had early commercial success drumming with the Ruthless Rap Assassins, which included Kermit. In 1989 he joined The Icicle Works. He and Kermit joined Shaun Ryder and Bez in Black Grape in 1993. They had a No. 8 UK hit single with "In the Name of the Father" and a No.1 UK hit album with "It's Great When You're Straight... Yeah". They split in 1998.
Lynch has worked with The Charlatans, David Sylvian, Electronic and Joseph Arthur, Natalie Imbruglia, Chrissie Hynde, Space, Suggs, Shakespeare's Sister, Hanson, Tom Jones, Yusuf Islam, Gary Go, and Seth Lakeman. He has had percussion and drums on movie Sound Tracks, including "Jackal", "28 Days Later", "Snatch", and "The Batchelor". In 2006 he recorded the drums for one of David Gilmour's songs from the "On An Island" album. In 2009 he worked with Peter Gabriel, who he had recorded and toured with since 2002. He toured in 2008 with Goldfrapp. In 2013 he appeared on Clannad's album Nádúr having previously toured with the band as drummer/precussionist from 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19062414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062414" title="Sound of Urchin">
Sound of Urchin

Sound of Urchin is a musically diverse "outsider arena-rock" band from Brooklyn, New York and New Hope, Pennsylvania. SOU is known for their eclectic songs, for energetic, spontaneous live shows, and for their heavy touring schedule. 
Band History.
Sound of Urchin's debut E.P. was released on lead-singer/drummer Tomato’s own independent label, Steven Records.
After further developing their style and sound, they signed to a major label and began working with Dean Ween of Ween. From 2000 to 2002, the band released an album and two E.P.’s on RCA Records. In 2002, the band made a video for their song "Scary Skull Eyes". It was directed by Lorin Finkelstein and featured on MTV2’s 120 Minutes. 
In 2005 Sound of Urchin's album "The Diamond" was released on Hybrid Recordings. The independent label is led by former A&M Records label head Al Cafaro and legendary concert promoter John Scher. SOU performed their best-known song from 2005, "There Are People In The Clouds", before nationwide audiences on CBS' The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson,
Touring History and Affiliations.
Sound of Urchin are Zelig-esque chameleons of rock, as their diverse style has gained them entrance into likewise diverse rock circles. For example, over the years SOU has toured with bands like Tenacious D, Ween, Dio/Deep Purple/Scorpions, Cracker, Mike Watt, Slightly Stoopid, Fishbone, The North Mississippi Allstars, The Urge, SR-71, Trik Turner, Bargain Music, The Ziggens, as well as sharing stages with Public Enemy, Twisted Sister, Slash's Snakepit, Dick Dale, The Butthole Surfers, Everclear, Project/Object, Vernon Reid, Lit, 2 Skinnee J's, Cobra Verde, and Local H. 
Urchin is also known for its affiliation with the band Ween; Dean Ween has been a mentor to the band and produced their first major label release "The Orange E.P.", Tomato and B-ILL play in Dean Ween and Guy Heller’s Moistboyz (featured on the "Live Jihad" DVD release) and have played with Ween and Dean Ween's Tenderloin. B-ILL also played guitar on Ween’s “The Mollusk” album, and Tomato plays drums with Ween's bassist Dave Dreiwitz, as a duo called Crescent Moon. 
Sound of Urchin are also known for their affiliation with Tenacious D; Urchin was the opening act on their 2001 tour, and Tomato played drums with them for their 2002 Comedy Central Crank Yankers recording of “Friendship”.

</doc>
<doc id="19062415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062415" title="Markot">
Markot

Markot ("Ruch Wychodzenia z Bezdomnosci" - "Movement Out of Homelessness") is a Polish social movement, aimed at helping homeless people across Poland. It was founded by Marek Kotanski, a charity worker and campaigner on behalf of disadvantaged people and was based on an idea from late 1980s and early 1990s. First center of the movement was opened in a village of Lutynka, another one was opened in Jeleni Ruczaj, then a "School of Life" was founded in the village of Wandzin. The movement was legalized in 1994, in the same year in Warsaw, a Center of Help was opened. It is estimated that in the 1990s, some 50% of beds for Polish homeless persons were administered by Markot. Marek Kotanski, leader of the movement, established "Day of the Homeless" (April 14) as well as an honorary title "Friend of the Homeless". 

</doc>
<doc id="19062421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062421" title="Taavi Tamminen">
Taavi Tamminen

Taavi Tamminen (30 March 1889 – 19 January 1967) was a Finnish wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Tamminen competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp where he received a silver medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "lightweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19062457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062457" title="2002 Scottish League Cup Final">
2002 Scottish League Cup Final

The 2002 Scottish Cup Final was played on 17 March 2002 at Hampden Park in Glasgow and was the final of the 55th Scottish League Cup. The final was contested by Ayr United and Rangers. Rangers won the match 4–0, thanks to goals from Tore Andre Flo, Barry Ferguson and a double from Claudio Caniggia.

</doc>
<doc id="19062466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062466" title="Bulletje en Boonestaak">
Bulletje en Boonestaak

Bulletje en Boonestaak ( later spelled "Bulletje en Bonestaak") was one of the first very successful Dutch newspaper comic strips, the first Dutch comic moralists, and the first Dutch comic translated into other languages.
It ran from May 2, 1922 until November 17, 1937 in the Dutch papers Het Volk and Voorwaarts, drawn by the Flemish artist George Van Raemdonck, who had moved to the Netherlands as a war refugee in 1914, and Dutch writer A. M. de Jong.
The comic appeared in 1924 in German translation and in 1926 in French as well ("Fil de Fer et Boule de Gomme"). A Dutch comics award for contributions to the development of Dutch comics, the "Bulletje en Boonestaak schaal" is named after this comic.
Characters and story.
The contents are the adventures of the boys Bulletje (Bully) and Bo(o)nestaak (Beanstalk), the former short and sturdy, the latter thin and tall, who accompany their fathers, captain and coxswain on the ship "Herkules" on a very long trip, but those adventures were told in a socialistically engaged fashion. The comic was controversial as the stories contained for instance nudity, fighting, vomiting and the use of bad words.
Later editions were often censored, swimming trunks were added and parts of the story were cut. For instance, the beating of the stars of the comic of a concurrent newspaper with different political views in episode #1 and the begging, mutilated World War I veterans in episode #2 were cut from the story in the 1949 edition.

</doc>
<doc id="19062499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062499" title="Väinö Kajander">
Väinö Kajander

Väinö Kajander (30 November 1893 in Elimäki – 16 September 1978 in Helsinki) is a former Finnish wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Kajander competed at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles where he received a silver medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "welterweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19062507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062507" title="The Times (Trenton)">
The Times (Trenton)

The Times is a daily newspaper owned by Advance Publications that serves Trenton and the Mercer County, New Jersey area, with a strong focus on the government of New Jersey. The paper had a daily circulation of 77,405, with Sunday circulation of 88,336. It competes with the "Trentonian", making it one of the smallest markets in the United States with two competing daily newspapers.
"The Trenton Times" was founded in 1882. The paper was owned by the Kerney family from the turn of the 20th century, and was sold to The Washington Post Company in 1974 for $16 million. Washington Post Company management had committed to overcoming its crosstown rival, the "Trentonian", which had been founded in 1945 (by personnel on strike against "The Times") and had been taking circulation away from "The Times" since its inception. The new management began a morning edition and started circulating a Saturday edition, led by a number of editors, publishers and circulation experts imported from "The Post". Despite this commitment, "The Times" lost in excess of 11,000 daily readers in the 1970s, while the "Trentonian" gained 13,000. By 1982, the "Trentonian" had pulled ahead of "The Times" in daily circulation, and held a 67,000 to 62,000 edge in daily papers as of 1987. Area newspaper readers never adopted the Post's approach of turning "The Times" into a paper with a serious national and international focus, preferring the tabloid "Trentonian" and its local focus on "cheerful photographs of local residents". The difficulties faced by "The Times" were so challenging that Katharine Graham, chairman of "The Post", called her experiences with "The Times" as her "Vietnam."
Allbritton Communications Company bought the paper from The Washington Post Company on October 30, 1981, paying $10 to $12 million for the paper. Allbritton reduced news staff at "The Times" from 80 employees to 56 shortly after its takeover, and made further cuts down to 52. In December 1981, "The Times" announced that it was dropping its evening edition and would become morning-only as of December 21, 1981. Frustrations with what was perceived as business office interference with news reporting led to defections by a quarter of the news staff in early 1982. The home city was dropped from the title in 1985 as part of an effort to reach out to a broader suburban audience, with separate editions published for (and focusing on) the Trenton, Princeton and Burlington County areas. In December 1986, the paper was sold by Albritton for $50 million to Advance Publications, the privately held company owned by the Newhouse family.

</doc>
<doc id="19062511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062511" title="Transfer RNA-like structures">
Transfer RNA-like structures

Transfer RNA-like structures (tRNA-like structures) are RNA sequences, which have a similar tertiary structure to tRNA; they frequently contain a pseudoknot close to the 3' end. The presence of tRNA-like structures has been demonstrated in many plant virus RNA genomes. These tRNA-like structures are linked to regulation of plant virus replication.
tRNA-like structures mimic some tRNA function, such as aminoacylation. There are three aminoacylation specificities, valine, histidine and tyrosine. For example, valine binds to the tRNA-like structure of the turnip yellow mosaic virus genome whilst tyrosine binds to the tRNA-like structure of the barley stripe mosaic virus genome. tRNA-like structures which lack the 3' termini lack complete or partial tRNA mimicry.
tRNA-like structures are required for RNA encapsulation and increase RNA stability. They also act as 3'-translational enhancers and regulators of minus strand synthesis.

</doc>
<doc id="19062529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062529" title="Andy Bell (journalist)">
Andy Bell (journalist)

Andy Bell (b. 1963) is a British journalist and Political Editor employed by ITN's Five News since April 1999. Ten years prior to this, he worked for the BBC as their Foreign Affairs Editor of the Today programme. Bell was also their Paris Correspondent.
He is married to Angela Bell. They have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="19062544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062544" title="Ireland–Kosovo relations">
Ireland–Kosovo relations

Irish–Kosovan relations are foreign relations between Ireland and the Republic of Kosovo. Kosovo declared its independence from Serbia in 17 February 2008 and Ireland recognised it on 29 February 2008.
Relations.
On 20 May 2011 Ireland's ambassador to Budapest, Hungary John Deady submitted his credentials to Pristina, Kosovo.
Refugees.
In 1999, Ireland took 1,000 refugees. This number was criticised by the United Nations Human Rights Commissioner Mary Robinson who called it, the complacency and selfishness of the Irish.
Peacekeeping.
Ireland has sent peacekeepers to Kosovo. It was the first time Ireland has commanded such a force in a NATO-led United Nations mandated peace support operation. In 2007, Irish Brigadier General Gerry Hegarty, took over command one of the five multi-national task forces . A ceremony was held in Kosovo at noon on 15 April 2010 to mark the end of Ireland's major involvement in the KFOR peace mission.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19062554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062554" title="American Orthopaedic Society for Sports Medicine">
American Orthopaedic Society for Sports Medicine

The American Orthopaedic Society for Sports Medicine (AOSSM) promotes sports medicine education, research, communication, and fellowship and includes national and international orthopaedic sports medicine leaders. The Society works closely with many other sports medicine specialists, including athletic trainers, physical therapists, family physicians, and others to improve the identification, prevention, treatment, and rehabilitation of sports injuries. Formed in 1972 as a forum for education and research with 100 members, the AOSSM today has to more than 2,000 members.
AOSSM History.
The AOSSM developed out of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons’ (AAOS) Committee on Sports Medicine. The committee was organized in 1964 with Jack Hughston as chairman. Throughout the next seven years, interest in sports medicine among orthopaedists increased greatly. Don O’Donoghue, MD, approached the AAOS concerning the committee branching off and forming an affiliated, yet separate, society. On January 30, 1972, at the invitation of Dr. Donoghue, 58 orthopaedic surgeons involved in sports medicine gathered to discuss the creation of the new society. A total of 75 orthopaedists were invited, and these physicians make up the list of founding members of the society. 
The founding members developed the mission of AOSSM: to hold a scientific meeting that would serve as a forum for presentation and publication of new ideas; to provide opportunities for physicians to meet and exchange ideas concerning research and the future of sports medicine; as well as to develop a high-quality publication controlled by the Society.
In 2013, Jo A. Hannafin, M.D., Ph.D., an orthopedic surgeon at Hospital for Special Surgery (HSS) in New York City, was named the first female president of AOSSM. 
AOSSM Members.
AOSSM members are physicians and allied health professionals who demonstrate scientific leadership, involvement, and dedication in the daily practice of sports medicine. Members must demonstrate continuing active research and educational activities in the field of sports medicine. Such activities may include service as a team physician at any level of competition, involvement in the health of athletes, service to local, regional, national, and international competitions, and the presentation of scientific research papers at sports medicine meetings. 
Members focus on the effects of exercise and the monitoring of its impact on active individuals of all ages, abilities, and levels of fitness. While many members treat high profile athletes who play on professional teams, many also devote their practices to helping their community by treating players on the local high school or junior college team. Through research and advances in surgical and rehabilitation techniques, orthopaedic sports medicine specialists have been able to treat and rehabilitate athletes whose injuries were once career-ending and put them back in the game sooner.
Members are broken down into seven different groups: active members, associate members, candidate members, affiliate members, honorary members, emeritus members, and inactive members.
Active members.
Active members are: U.S. or Canadian citizens who are orthopaedic surgeons specializing in sports medicine. They must: 
Active members are eligible to vote, and unless specified otherwise, hold office in the Society.
Associate Members.
Associate members are: international orthopaedic surgeons practicing outside of the United States or Canada who are certified in orthopaedic surgery and members of their country's national orthopaedic organization, or osteopathic physicians not qualified to be Active Members but certified by the American Osteopathic Board of Orthopedic Surgery. They must: 
Associate members are not eligible to vote, hold office, or serve on the Board of Directors. They may act in an advisory capacity and unless specified otherwise, may serve on committees with vote.
Candidate Members.
Candidate members are physicians who are enrolled in or have completed an Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education (ACGME) approved orthopaedic sports medicine fellowship in the United States or Canada. They must: 
Candidate members are not eligible to vote, hold office, or serve on the Board of Directors. They may act in an advisory capacity and, unless specified otherwise, serve on committees with vote.
Affiliate Members.
Affiliate members are physicians, surgeons, or allied health professionals not qualifying for other membership categories who are interested in or contributing to the knowledge of sports medicine. They must: 
Affiliate members are not eligible to vote, hold office in the Society, or serve on the Board of Directors. They may act in an advisory capacity and unless specified otherwise may serve on committees with vote.
Honorary Members.
Honorary members are those who do not meet the qualifications of Active, Associate, or Affiliate membership, but who have made special contributions to sports medicine. They are not eligible to vote, hold office in the Society, or serve as a member of the Board of Directors, but may act in an advisory capacity and, unless specified otherwise, may serve on committees with vote. 
Nominees for honorary membership are submitted to the Board of Directors for consideration. A limited number of honorary members is determined by the Board of Directors.
Emeritus Members.
Emeritus members are an active member or affiliate member who has reached the age of 65 and is no longer engaged in active medical practice due to age or health. Emeritus Members are not eligible to vote, hold office, or serve as a member of the Board of Directors but may act in an advisory capacity and unless specified otherwise serve on committees with vote.
Inactive Member.
Inactive members are members or an allied health professional who have met the qualifications for any category of membership but are currently unable to practice medicine due to physical disability or such other reason acceptable to the Board of Directors. Inactive members are not eligible to vote, hold office, or serve as a member of the Board of Directors but may act in an advisory capacity and, unless specified otherwise, serve on committee with vote.
AOSSM Meetings.
The AOSSM Annual Meeting and AOSSM Specialty Day are two of the AOSSM’s main meetings. The AOSSM Annual Meeting is held once a year (usually at the end of June or beginning of July) and is a place for the Society’s members and Board of Directors to meet, as well as for educational courses and research to be presented. AOSSM Specialty Day is held during the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons’ annual meeting. It is a one-day meeting that provides educational courses and presentations focused on sports medicine. The Society also hosts other meetings throughout the year focusing on particular injuries or sports specifics areas, such as football or hockey.
AOSSM Publications.
The AOSSM Web site houses a full Online Library of scientific and patient education materials. The AOSSM also has five print publications.
"American Journal of Sports Medicine" (AJSM).
American Journal of Sports Medicine is a monthly, peer-reviewed scientific journal, first published in 1974. It is the official publication of AOSSM, and is ranked 1st out of 63 journals in Orthopaedics and 5th out of 84 journals in Sport Sciences in Thomson Reuters’s 2012 Journal Citation Reports, with an Impact Factor of 4.439. The journal is published by SAGE Publishers.
"Sports Health: A Multidisciplinary Approach".
Sports Health (January 2009) is published bimonthly and is a collaborative publication from AOSSM, the American Medical Society for Sports Medicine (AMSSM), the National Athletic Trainers' Association (NATA), and the Sports Physical Therapy Section (SPTS). Sports Health is a resource for all medical professionals involved in the training and care of the competitive or recreational athlete. The journal is published by SAGE Publishers.
"Sports Medicine Update".
"Sports Medicine Update" is AOSSM's bimonthly publication and includes educational articles, Society news and research updates, resources, and new developments within the orthopaedic sports medicine community.
"Sports Tips" and "In Motion: Active Living for All Ages".
Both "Sports Tips" and "In Motion" are patient education publications. "Sports Tips" are one-page fact sheets on athletic related conditions and injuries. "In Motion" is a quarterly newsletter and features short articles focusing on sports medicine, fitness, and musculoskeletal issues for people of all ages.
AOSSM Research Programs and Grants.
AOSSM awards grants to researchers working on break-through treatments and investigations in sports medicine.
Young Investigators Grant.
The Young Investigator Grant provides awards aimed at providing "seed money," or start-up funds, for pilot projects. The principal investigator must be an early career orthopaedic surgeon, fellow, or resident with interests in sports medicine research. Any investigative team seeking such a grant must include at least one member of AOSSM in good standing.
Sandy Kirkley Clinical Outcome Research Grant.
Dr. Sandy Kirkley was an advocate for well-conducted, randomized controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy of interventions in orthopaedic sports medicine. She said that the field must "rise to the challenge of designing and implementing clinical trials that provide the same level of evidence in support of treatments as our nonsurgical colleagues demand." In honor and memory of Dr. Kirkley, AOSSM established a small grant that would provide start-up, "seed," or supplemental funding for an outcome research project or pilot study.
Career Development Award.
AOSSM offers a per year supplement grant to sports medicine orthopaedic surgeons who have an active Career Development Award (K Award) from the National Institutes of Health (NIH). The purpose of this grant is to facilitate the research careers of orthopaedic surgeons who have completed training in sports medicine and who have a faculty position at an academic institution. The award is open to individuals regardless of time since training.
MARS Project.
AOSSM has initiated the AOSSM Multi-Center ACL Revision Study (MARS), utilizing a grant from the Musculoskeletal Transplant Foundation (MTF). The study will evaluate outcome for patients undergoing revision ACL surgery and examine the predictors of outcome. The MARS project has been approved by the Institution Review Board(IRB) of the central coordinating site, Vanderbilt University.
MERI Project.
The Multi-Center Evaluation of the Responsiveness of the IKDC (MERI) Study is designed to evaluate and compare the responsiveness to change of several measures commonly used in patients undergoing knee surgery: the International Knee Documentation Committee (IKDC) Subjective Knee Form, the WOMAC, the Cincinnati Knee Rating System, and the SF-36. The specific patient population targeted for this study are those individuals who receive any form of surgical articular cartilage repair procedure for at least one symptomatic full thickness (Outerbridge Grade III or IV) lesion of the femoral condyle or trochlea. These procedures can include debridement, marrow stimulation techniques such as microfracture, drilling or abrasion arthroplasty, osteochondral autograft or allograft transplantation, mosiacplasty or autologous cartilage implantation. Any surgeon who performs at least three of these procedures a year can be involved in the project.
AOSSM Awards.
Each year during the AOSSM Annual Meeting a variety of awards are presented for research and outstanding achievement in sports medicine.
AOSSM Hall of Fame.
In 2001, AOSSM established the Hall of Fame to honor members of the orthopaedic sports medicine community who have contributed significantly to the specialty and set themselves apart. Being inducted into the Hall of Fame is one of the highest honors given to a Society member.
Robert E. Leach, MD Mr. Sports Medicine Award.
This award is given to an individual who has provided outstanding service in the orthopaedic community, and made numerous contributions to the specialty of sports medicine.
Kennedy Lecture.
This lectureship is named in honor of John C. Kennedy, MD, FRCS(C) a past president of AOSSM. This lecture is supported by a Kennedy Family Endowment and AJSM and is named by the current AOSSM President.
Thomas Brady Award.
This award is given to an orthopaedic surgeon who has been dedicated to excellence in sports medicine on a local level, with local athletes.
Cabaud Memorial Award.
This award is given to the paper that best exemplifies clinically relevant hypothesis-driven basic science research (hard or soft tissue biology, "in vitro" research, laboratory or "bench-type" research, or "in vivo" animal).
Excellence in Research Award.
This award is given to the best paper submitted in any category to the Awards Committee with a primary author under the age of 40 at the time of the Annual Meeting.
NCAA Research.
The award is given to the best paper submitted that pertains to the health, safety, and well-being of collegiate student-athletes.
O’Donoghue Sports Injury Research Award.
This award is given to the best overall paper that deals with clinical based research or human "in vivo" research.
George D. Rovere Award.
This award is given annually to an individual AOSSM member to recognize their contribution to sports medicine education throughout the years.
Hughston Award.
This award is given for the most outstanding paper that appeared in AJSM, the year prior to the award. It was named after the founder of AJSM, Jack C. Hughston, MD.
Christian Koi Award.
The Christian Koi Awards are given to the best paper in clinical science and the best paper in basic science submitted by a sports medicine fellow for the AOSSM Annual Meeting.
AOSSM Poster Award.
Given during the AOSSM Annual Meeting for an outstanding poster presented during the meeting.
AOSSM Member Doctor Directory.
AOSSM member physicians are listed in the AOSSM Member Doctor Directory for the public's use. Searches can be done by physician’s last name or by city/state or country.

</doc>
<doc id="19062571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062571" title="Ángela Peralta">
Ángela Peralta

Ángela Peralta (6 July 1845, Mexico City – 30 August 1883, Mazatlán) (baptised María de los Ángeles Manuela Tranquilina Cirila Efrena Peralta Castera) was an operatic soprano of international fame and a leading figure in the operatic life of 19th century Mexico. Called the "Mexican Nightingale" in Europe, she had already sung to acclaim in major European opera houses by the age of 20. Although primarily known for her singing, she was also a composer as well as an accomplished pianist and harpist.
Biography.
Ángela Peralta was the daughter of Manuel Peralta and Josefa Castera de Peralta. She showed an early talent for singing and music. At the age of 8, she sang a cavatina from "Belisario" by Gaetano Donizetti with great success, and went on to study at the Conservatorio Nacional de Música in Mexico City. At 15 she made her operatic debut as Leonora in Giuseppe Verdi's "Il trovatore" at the Teatro Nacional in Mexico City. Accompanied by her father, and financed by a wealthy patron, Santiago de la Vega, she then went on to study singing in Italy under Leopardi. On 13 May 1862, she made her debut at La Scala in Milan with an acclaimed performance of Donizetti's "Lucia di Lammermoor". She sang Bellini's "La sonnambula" before King Victor Emmanuel II of Italy at the Teatro Regio in Turin where she received 32 curtain calls. Between 1863 and 1864, she sang in the opera houses of Rome, Florence, Bologna, Genoa, Naples, Lisbon, Madrid, Barcelona, St. Petersburg, Alexandria, and Cairo. The Second Mexican Empire invited her to return to her country to sing in the National Imperial Theatre, and in 1865 she accepted the invitation. In 1866 she sang before Maximilian I of Mexico and Charlotte of Belgium and was named "Chamber singer of the Empire". In December 1866 with the downfall of the Second Mexican Empire imminent, she returned to Europe, performing in New York and Havana along the way. In Madrid, she married her cousin, Eugenio Castera, and for a while retired from singing, although she continued to compose songs and piano pieces. Her most well-known work is "Álbum Musical de Ángela Peralta". Her marriage was an unhappy one due to her husband's mental illness which manifested itself in the first year of their marriage. (Castera was later committed to a mental hospital in Paris where he died in 1876.) 
On a visit to Mexico in 1871, Peralta established her own touring opera company for which she frequently sang her signature roles – Amina in "La sonnambula" and Lucia in "Lucia di Lammermoor". (In her lifetime, she sang Amina 122 times, and Lucia 166 times.) 
In the mid-1870s she began an affair with the Mexican lawyer and entrepreneur Julián Montiel y Duarte, which caused a scandal in Mexico City. The city's social elite boycotted her performances and hired hecklers to harass her during performances. Her reputation recovered following her performance in "Linda di Chamounix", but she kept her vow never to sing in Mexico City again. In 1883, with her reputation (and economic situation) again in decline, she began a tour of northern Mexico with her troupe of Italian opera singers. The tour began in Guaymas and proceeded to La Paz, Baja California Sur. It was in La Paz that she sang for the last time on stage – the title role in "Maria di Rohan" – with the performance taking place in a theatre improvised from a disused sand pit. On 22 August, the troupe arrived in the port city of Mazatlán, where they were to perform "Il trovatore" and "Aida". The city of Mazatlán prepared an elaborate welcome for her. Her boat docked at a pier decorated with garlands of flowers, and she was greeted by a band playing the Mexican National Anthem. When her carriage arrived, her admirers unhitched the horses and pulled it themselves to the Hotel Iturbide, where she once again saluted the crowds from her balcony. However, within a few days, she and 76 of the troupe's 80 members were to die in the yellow fever epidemic that swept the city shortly after their arrival. 
Ángela Peralta died in the Hotel Iturbide in Mazatlán at the age of 38 on 30 August 1883. She married her lover Julián Montiel y Duarte on her deathbed. According to an eyewitness account of the marriage ceremony, she was already unconscious when it took place. One of the singers from her company, Lemus, supported her by the shoulders. When asked if she took Montiel y Duarte as her husband, Lemus moved her head to make it appear that she was nodding her assent. Before her burial in Mazatlán, her body lay in state, dressed in one of her opera costumes and her best jewels. In 1937, her remains were disinterred and brought to the "Rotunda de Hombres Ilustres" (the Rotunda of Illustrious People) in Mexico City's Panteón de Dolores. Both Mazatlán and San Miguel de Allende have theatres named in her honour.
Voice and repertoire.
A Mazatlán opera-lover and journalist, who watched Peralta rehearsing in the Teatro Rubio on 22 August 1883, wrote in his diary: "She is a woman with an agreeable presence, slightly obese, with bulging but very lively eyes. She has a wonderful voice that produces notes from the very highest to the lowest with astounding ease; she sang several variations with such delicate notes, like the trill of a goldfinch..."
Peralta's wide-ranging repertoire included: Leonora in "Il trovatore", Violetta in "La traviata"; Elvira in "I puritani"; Marie in "La fille du régiment"; Amina in "La sonnambula"; Adina in "L'elisir d'amore"; and the title roles in "Aida", "Dinorah", "Linda di Chamounix", "Maria di Rohan", "Lucia di Lammermoor", and "Norma". She also created the leading female roles in three operas by Mexican composers: "Ildegonda" (1866) and "Gino Corsini" (1877) by Melesio Morales, and "Guatemotzin" (1871) by Aniceto Ortega del Villar.

</doc>
<doc id="19062572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062572" title="Bill Walsh (footballer)">
Bill Walsh (footballer)

Bill Walsh (born 4 December 1923 in Horden, Peterlee, County Durham) is a former English footballer who played for Sunderland as a defender. He made his debut for Sunderland on 11 September 1946 against Charlton Athletic in a 5–0 defeat at The Valley. Overall, he went on to make 98 league appearances, scoring one goal for the club in a career spanning from 1946 to 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="19062606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062606" title="Edward J. Logue">
Edward J. Logue

Edward J. "Ed" Logue (February 7, 1921 – January 27, 2000) was an urban planner, public administrator, lawyer, politician, and academic who worked in New Haven, Boston, and New York State.
Commentators often compare Logue with Robert Moses - both were advocates of large-scale urban renewal in the United States from the 1950s through the 1970s. Logue is best known for overseeing major public works projects, such as Faneuil Hall-Quincy Market and Government Center in Boston, and the re-development of Roosevelt Island in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="19062624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062624" title="Utility Group">
Utility Group

Utility Group is the name of a breed group of dogs, used by kennel clubs to classify a defined collection of dog breeds. How "Utility Group" is defined varies among kennel clubs, and different kennel clubs may not include the same breeds in their "Utility Group". Some kennel clubs do not use the "Utility Group" classification. "Utility Group" is not a term used by the international kennel club association, the Fédération Cynologique Internationale, which more finely divides its breed groupings by dog type and breed history.
Definitions of Utility Group.
There are two different kennel club definitions of "Utility Group". In one, dogs which do not fit elsewhere are placed in the "Utility Group", and in the other, certain breeds of working dogs are designated as part of the "Utility Group". 
The Kennel Club (UK) places in the "Utility Group" dog breeds that do not quite fit in other groups, such as the Shih Tzu, which other kennel clubs place in the Toy Group, but the Kennel Club does not, as it considers them to be too large. Other dogs are placed in the Kennel Club's "Utility Group" group because the working purpose for which they were originally bred "has now become redundant", such as the function of the Dalmatian to run alongside horse-drawn coaches. The Kennel Club defines "Utility" as meaning" fitness for a purpose", taken to mean fitness for a purpose "not covered by other Groups". Therefore, there is little relationship between the breeds in this Group.
The New Zealand Kennel Club and the Australian National Kennel Council each recognize a "Utility Group", with a different emphasis. In Australia and New Zealand, the "Utility Group" includes large breeds of livestock guardian type dogs, large Spitz types, as well as guard, rescue, and messenger dogs.
Other major kennel clubs in the English-speaking world that do not use the "Utility Group" category include the American Kennel Club and the Canadian Kennel Club. How the "Utility Group" breeds are placed by those kennel clubs and by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale are detailed in the section on Utility Group breeds.
In the Canadian Kennel Club and the American Kennel Club, the Working Group includes all breeds that do work other than hunting or herding. In the New Zealand Kennel Club, the "Working Group" includes all the dogs found in the "Pastoral Group" or "Herding Group" of other kennel clubs, and the breeds found in the "Working Group" of those kennel clubs are found in the "Utility Group" of the New Zealand Kennel Club. The Australian National Kennel Council "Utility Group" is defined in a similar manner to that of the New Zealand Kennel Club.
A second organisation in the United States, the United Kennel Club, is also often considered among the major registries. The United Kennel Club does not recognise a "Utility Group".
Utility Group breeds.
The Kennel Club (UK) Utility Group.
Twenty nine breeds are listed in the "Utility Group" by The Kennel Club. The purpose of this section is to compare the categorisation of those breeds by The Kennel Club with the way in which each individual "Utility Group" breed is categorised by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale and a few other national (major) kennel clubs.
New Zealand and Australia Utility Groups.
The purpose of this section is to compare the placement of breeds in the "Utility Group" by the New Zealand Kennel Club and the Australian National Kennel Council with the breeds placed in the Kennel Club's Utility Group, and with the way in which each individual "Utility Group" breed is categorised by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale and a few other national (major) kennel clubs.
The New Zealand Kennel Club and the Australian National Kennel Council "Utility Groups" are similar to each other, but differ from the Kennel Club "Utility Group". The New Zealand Kennel Club and the Australian National Kennel Council Utility Groups include large guardian and Spitz dog breeds that are found primarily in the Fédération Cynologique Internationale Group 2 "Pinscher and Schnauzer - Molossoid Breeds - Swiss Mountain and Cattle Dogs" and in Group 5 "Spitz and Primitive types", although a few are in other groups. Other kennel clubs may place these same breeds in the "Working Group" or "Pastoral Group".
Other kennel clubs and registries.
Kennel Clubs in countries other than those listed may also use the term "Utility Group", their definition may differ. "Utility Group" may also be a term used by minor registries, kennel clubs, breed clubs, sporting clubs, and internet dog businesses. Each may or may not define the term separately.
Not recognised.
A breed that is "not recognised" by a kennel club means that it has not been sufficiently vetted according to that particular kennel club's rules. It does not mean that the breed is not a breed. Major kennel clubs usually require a breed to have a specific amount of documentation, as well as a large enough breed club to warrant the training of judges for the breed, for the breed to be accepted.
Utility Group winners.
At the Crufts 2008 show (UK), the Utility Group prize was won by Japanese Shiba Inu "Ch Janeryls - In The Line Of Fire JW", owned by Mrs J Bannister.

</doc>
<doc id="19062650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062650" title="Operation Crusader order of battle">
Operation Crusader order of battle

This is the order of battle for the ground forces involved in Operation Crusader, a World War II battle between the British Commonwealth and the European Axis Powers of Germany and Italy in North Africa between 18 November – 30 December 1941.
External links.
The Major Ground Commands and Commanders on The CRUSADER Project

</doc>
<doc id="19062653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062653" title="Stuttering therapy">
Stuttering therapy

Stuttering therapy is any of the various treatment methods that attempt to reduce stuttering to some degree in an individual. Stuttering can be a challenge to treat because there is a lack of evidence-based consensus about therapy. Some believe that there is no cure for the condition, and experts have argued that the preferred treatment outcome is one that involves satisfaction on the part of the stutterer, with both his communicative performance and the therapy process. While there is disagreement about acceptable treatment outcomes from stuttering therapy, a wide range of methods have been developed to treat stuttering, and these have been successful to varying degrees. The Stuttering Foundation provides a list of speech-language pathologists who specialize in stuttering treatment.
Goals.
In general, stuttering therapy aims to reduce stuttering to some degree in an individual, although there is disagreement about acceptable treatment outcomes from stuttering therapy. Some believe the only acceptable therapy outcome is a significant reduction in or total elimination of stuttering, others believe that speech which contains some stuttering, as long as the stuttering has become less tense and effortful, is just as acceptable, and yet others believe that the most important therapy outcome is the increased confidence a person has in his or her ability to talk, whether or not stuttering continues to be present. Additionally, the many different methods available for treating stuttering, and a history of promoting unsuccessful treatments, have left both stutterers and clinicians confused and frustrated about what can be accomplished with stuttering treatment.
In 1997, experts argued that in the case of a stutterer seeking professional treatment from a clinician, the "preferred treatment outcome" is that the stutterer will demonstrate feelings, behaviors, and thinking that lead to improved communicative performance and satisfaction with the therapy process. They argued that the criteria for a treatment to be viewed as successful includes the stutterer being satisfied with her therapy program and its outcome, feeling that she has an increased ability to communicate effectively, feeling more comfortable as a speaker, and believing that she is better able to reach her social, educational and vocational goals.
Robert W. Quesal, an associate professor who teaches courses in fluency disorders, anatomy, and speech and hearing science, defined successful stuttering therapy as one that leads to a change in speech fluency, a reduction in the impact of stuttering on an individual's life, and an increased acceptance of stuttering on the part of the stutterer; and J. Scott Yaruss, Ph.D., an assistant professor of Communication Science and Disorders at the University of Pittsburgh, suggests three instruments for clinicians to use to document changes in the stuttering of their clients: the reaction of the stutterer to the fact that she stutters, how much stuttering interferes with the stutterer's ability to perform daily tasks, and the impact that stuttering has on the client's ability to pursue their life goals.
Approaches.
There are many different approaches to stuttering therapy. While some believe that there is no cure for the condition, stuttering can be reduced and even eliminated with appropriate timely intervention, and various therapy methods have reduced stuttering in individuals to some degree. In any case, for all persons who stutter, the successfulness of speech therapy depends on the combination of education, training, and individualized treatment provided.
For a child that stutters, the focus of treatment to prevent the worsening of the condition, and families play an important role in the process. Successful elimination of mild stuttering is likely when treatment is initiated before four years of age. For those who have more advanced forms of stuttering and secondary behaviors, therapy is generally a variation or combination of two approaches: a fluency-shaping technique that replaces stuttering with controlled fluency, and stuttering modification therapy, which focuses on reducing the severity of stuttering.
Therapy for children.
Treatment of mild stuttering in children younger than six years of age focuses on the prevention or elimination of stuttering behaviors. Families play an important role in the management of stuttering in children: therapy is usually characterized by parental involvement and direct treatment, and providing an environment that encourages slow
speech, affording the child time to talk, and modeling slowed and relaxed speech can help reduce stuttering.
For example, the Lidcombe Program, which has become prominent in recent years and is effective in preschoolers who stutter, involves a parent or some significant person in the child's life being trained and delivering treatment in the child's everyday environment. In the program, family members are to provide an environment that encourages a child to speak slowly, and one in which the child receives praise for fluent speech in the child’s daily speaking and, occasionally, correction of stuttering. Some of the most effective preschool intervention programs call for direct acknowledgment of stuttering in the form of contingencies such as “that was bumpy” or “that was smooth.” 
Several organizations organize summer programs for children, including summer camps, to help treat stuttering. These programs offer a range of services from providing a fun outdoor experience in a nurturing and supportive environment that is free from ridicule, to providing "intensive work on communication skills". Ellen M. Bennett, an assistant professor who has practicing speech therapy for at least 18 years, encourages "public school therapists to advocate for the establishment of summer programs" for children who stutter.
Fluency shaping.
Fluency shaping therapy focuses on changing all the speech of the person who stutters, and not just the portions of speech in which he or she stutters. This type of therapy involves teaching the stutterer to use a speaking style that requires careful and prominent self-monitoring; examples of such therapy include one in which the stutterer slows his speech down and smoothes out all his words, and one in which the physical mechanisms used in the speech production are retrained. Fluency shaping therapies do not address attitudes, feelings, and self-concept issues under the assumption that eliminating the stuttering will eliminate these issues. Proponents of this type of therapy believe that the outcome of any therapy depends directly on its focus:"if clinician and client focus on changing stuttering, they'll get stuttering; if they focus on changing fluency, they'll get fluency". This type of approach can reduce stuttering, although in children its effectiveness decreases if stuttering persists after eight years of age; Woody Starkweather, as at 1998 a Professor of Communication Sciences, asserted that in his experience this type of therapy improves speech only when used with other techniques.
Certain devices, known as fluency-shaping mechanisms, use this approach in an attempt to reduce stuttering. For example, delayed auditory feedback devices encourages the slowing down of speech by replaying the stutterer's words. The stutterer is then forced to slow her rate of speech to prevent distortions in the speech that is heard through the device. The effectiveness of such devices varies with stuttering severity.
Stuttering modification.
Stuttering modification therapy, also known as traditional stuttering therapy, was developed by Charles Van Riper between 1936 and 1958. It focuses on reducing the severity of stuttering by changing only the portions of speech in which a person stutters, to make them smoother, shorter, less tense and hard, and less penalizing. This approach attempts to reduce the severity and fear of stuttering, and strives to teach stutterers to stutter with control, and not to make the stutterer fluent. Therapy using this approach tends to recognize the fear and avoidance of stuttering, and consequently spend a great deal of time helping stutterers through those emotions. This approach generally does not eliminate stuttering events, but it helps minimize the impact and occurrence of stuttering. Since its creation, many clinicians have improvised on Charles Van Riper's basic stages and strategies. The stages of Van Riper's therapy can be summarized up in the acronym MIDVAS:
Integrative approaches.
Integrative approaches combine fluency shaping and stuttering modification techniques; there is a wide variety of such approaches.
Contemporary devices.
Contemporary devices used to reduce stuttering alters the frequency of the speaker’s voice to mimic the “choral effect”, a phenomenon in which person's stutter decreases or ceases completely when she is speaking with a group of others, or slows the rate of speech through delayed auditory feedback (above). Studies on the long-term outcome of these devices have not been published.
Diaphragmatic breathing.
Several treatment initiatives advocate diaphragmatic breathing (or "costal breathing") as a means by which stuttering can be controlled.
Self-therapy and support groups.
Self-therapy.
Some stutterers are only able to seek self-therapy because adequate clinical treatment is not available to them, and some experts in the field believe that stuttering therapy is largely a do-it-yourself project anyway.
As a form of self-therapy, Malcolm Fraser, founder of the Stuttering Foundation of America and life member of the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association recommends the following guidelines for stutterers needing immediate relief, even temporarily, in his book "Self-Therapy for the Stutterer":
Support groups.
As of 2002, stuttering support groups had gained prominence and visibility and were rapidly becoming an important part of the recovery process for stutterers, even though the vast majority of adults who stutter did not participate in support groups (or treatment). A growing number of speech–language pathologists were also encouraging their clients to participate in support groups, even though little was known about the individuals that joined stuttering support groups and the benefits they derived from their participation.
Studies involving members of support groups of the National Stuttering Association have found that 57.1% of survey respondents said that the support group had affected their self-image "very positively", with no respondents indicating that it had a negative impact.
Self-help organizations.
Several organizations have been set up in various countries that provide literature and a support network for stutterers seeking self-therapy. These include the National Stuttering Association in the United States, which provides publications, a newsletter, local chapters and workshops; Speakeasy New Zealand Association, a self-help organisation that has branches throughout New Zealand; the British Stammering Association in the United Kingdom; the Indian Stammering Association, Israel Stuttering Association (AMBI) and the China Stuttering Association, a self-help organization in China.
Pharmacologic therapy.
Several pharmacologic, i.e. drug-based, methods to control or alleviate stuttering events have been studied, but each has either proved ineffective or have had adverse effects. In addition, no large-scale trials on pharmacologic therapy have been published, and there are no trials including children. A comprehensive review of pharmacologic interventions for stuttering showed that no agent leads to valid improvement in stuttering or in secondary social and emotional consequences.
Post-therapy recurrence of stuttering.
Every clinician who has worked extensively with adult stutterers has encountered the tendency for the stutterer to begin to stutter again after treatment has helped the person talk with little or no stuttering; only preschool children seem immune from this tendency. It has been suggested that this return to stuttering be avoided by dealing with a stutterer's fears during therapy.
For example, stutterers whose speech had been improved by fluency shaping techniques may stutter again if he becomes tired of the effort involved in trying to maintain a nonspontaneous, unnatural form of speaking; the stutter itself was never dealt with in the first place. While attempts may be made to render the learned manner of speech more natural-sounding and less burdensome, these attempts cannot address the problem that the new way of speaking does not feel right to the stutterer, which may lead him to decide to return to his pre-therapy manner of speech. Moreover, experts have argued that fluency shaping is stuttering in a new form, and Starkweather (1998) asserts that the return of stuttering is a fault of the treatment.
Additionally, there is a tendency for stuttering behaviors to return after stuttering modification therapy. While this type of therapy requires less effort that in fluency shaping, some concentration nonetheless needs to be applied. Moreover, a client that feels as if he has been cured of stuttering and stops doing the various exercises associated with the treatment may develop "microstutters", which lead to the use of avoidance behaviors that increase the fear of stuttering further, which in turn leads to more severe stuttering. The main issue is that the fear of stuttering was not removed by therapy in the first place. If the microstutters were simply accepted as a reality, or if voluntary stuttering were used to prevent the development of new fears, the microstutters may occur but a relapse into severe stuttering may not.
In another form of recurrence, a stutterer who has undergone therapy has an emotional reaction to a situation as a result of previous experiences, that causes him to stutter. This is often related to "struggles and forcing learned when the stutterer was very young". The solution to this is to resurrect and focus on as much "unfinished business" as can be found during therapy, which may, for example, include dealing with a fear of reading aloud in front of a group that is related to avoidance and humiliation experienced in similar childhood situations. Clinicians trained in experiential techniques know how to find such "business" and "finish" it.

</doc>
<doc id="19062658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062658" title="Winged genie">
Winged genie

Winged Genii is the conventional term for a recurring motif in Assyrian iconography.
Winged genies are bearded male figures sporting birds' wings. The Genii are a reappearing trait in ancient Assyrian art, and are displayed most prominently in palaces or places of royalty. The two most notable places where the genius existed were Ashurnasirpal II’s palace Kalhu and Sargon II’s palace Dur-Sharrukin.
Variations Of Style.
They appear in the reliefs of the walls and throughout the temples and palaces in a wide variety of ways. There are three common stylistic tendencies in reliefs with genii. First there are bearded, winged figures wearing a horned helmet. Next there are bearded, winged figures wearing a diadem instead of helmet. Finally there are winged, muscular, male figures with bird heads. They are usually adorned with rosettes on their diadem and/or wrists. Most often they are wearing a short sleeved, knee-length tunic with a tasseled hem. Over the tunic is an ankle length fringed shawl that covers the near leg, wraps around the body and drapes the left should, with the end hanging down the back to the waist.
Origin.
These genii have all been interpreted as beings known as antediluvian sages or apkallus in Akkadian. They were beings that existed during a godlike generation of humanity. These beings were closely associated with the god Enki. During the antediluvian age humanity was “covered” or more commonly referred to as the great flood, and the inhabitants were purified and roamed the earth as invisible genii. There are also other references to the apkallus as being purified humans that were sent to Apsû, the underground sweet water realm of Enki/Ea by Marduk the ruler god.
Functions.
Aside from their wardrobe, the genii were created with several different functioning symbols. Several genii are shown carrying a small quadruped. This small creature, possibly a fawn or gazelle, had been interpreted as being a representation of a scapegoat. This creature was used to contain the spirit of an exorcised demon. The genii would hold the quadruped to show its supernatural protective powers for the king and his people. The other interpretation of this symbol lies with it association with abundance. The genii shown holding the quadruped represents the divine reasoning for the kingdom's abundance and protection over said abundance. Other genii are shown holding what appear to be a pine cone and a pail. These two elements are commonly associated with the Tree of Life. Many interpretations have stated that the depiction is of the genii fertilizing the tree and tending to it. Other interpretations place the pine cone as an object known as a mu-li-la, and in conjunction with the pail, is used to avert evil forces weather real or supernatural. Another interpretation stated that the tree and sun above it represent the distinction between heaven and earth. Some theories state that these symbols are directly related to the cult of Assur, where the sun symbolizes Shamash the sun god and the tree symbolizes Assur himself. Therefore, it is inferred that the genii protecting the tree represent the supernatural forces that the Assyrians believed were protecting the earth and more importantly the Assyrian Empire.
Similarity To The King.
Due to the ornate nature of the kings and genii, there are many times in which the distinction between the king and a genie are impossible. They are dressed in identical clothes and if the genie has no wings there is nothing separating it from a human. Both genii and the king would wear earrings made of a single conical-tipped pendant suspended from a crescent. Also if a genie was bearded there would be nothing different from a beard on that of a human. The standard beard of a human consisted three layers, and the genie would have the same as well. Variations of beards later on do exist, but still do not distinguish the genii from the king.
Cross Culture Influence.
Winged genii co-existed with numerous other mythological hybrids in the Early Iron Age art of Assyria and Asia Minor. They influenced Archaic Greece during its "orientalizing period", resulting in the hybrid creatures of Greek mythology such as the Chimera, the Griffin or Pegasus and, int the case of the "winged man", Talos. The orientalizing period has its origin in Early Iron Age (9th century BC) Crete, where bearded and winged figures clearly inspired by Assyrian templates are found engraved in bronze bowls and other artefacts.
The "winged man" also makes an appearance among the Chayot of Ezekiel's Merkabah vision, and via becomes the symbol of Matthew the Evangelist. The Seraphim of Isaiah (6:1–3) have six wings each.

</doc>
<doc id="19062662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062662" title="Umayamma Rani">
Umayamma Rani

Aswathi Thirunal Umayamma, popularly known as Umayamma Rani, was the Regent of Venad from 1677 to 1684 on behalf of her nephew Rajah Ravi Varma who ruled thereafter till 1718.
State of Venad.
Venad or Travancore was at that time in a state of turmoil. The two predecessors of Umayamma Rani, Rama Varma and Aditya Varma, had been adopted from the Vellarapally branch of the Cochin Royal Family in 1630, thereby offending the legitimate claims of the collateral branches of the Venad royal family to the musnud. These collateral branches therefore started exercising independent authority in their domains. They were Elayadathu Swaroopam of Kottarakara, Peraka Thavazhi of Nedumangad and Desinganad Swaroopam of Quilon. Besides, even within the limited domains of the kingdom remaining with the chief branch, factions were rife due to the refractory nobles or "madempis", most famous of whom were the Ettuveetil Pillamar.
The Royal Family.
Excluding the collateral branches, the members at the time of Umayamma Rani's rule in the Royal family of Venad were Makayiram Thirunal, the Senior Rani of Attingal, Umayamma Rani herself as Junior Rani of Attingal and Makayiram Thirunal's son, Rajah Ravi Varma. In 1677, Kerala Varma of Nedumangad laid claim to the musnud but his claim was rejected. Umayamma Rani also adopted in the same year two boys, solely for domestic purposes, with no claims to the throne, namely Raman Koyil Pandarathil, from Vellarapalli, Cochin and Kochu Raman Unni Pandarathil, a Brahmin boy. Kerala Varma of Nedumangad along with the Kottarakara branch even attempted a military coup in 1682. On failure they tried to conciliate the Senior Rani of Attingal, Makayiram Thirunal but even this failed.
Adoption of Heirs.
It is generally believed that Umayamma Rani had six sons of whom five were drowned by the Ettuveetil Pillamar and that Ravi Varma was her eldest and only surviving son. However with the help of the records of the Padmanabhaswamy temple in Trivandrum and other credible sources, modern historians have not only disproved this fable but also positively concluded that Umayamma Rani did not have any children at all.
Similarly the story of the poisoning of Rajah Aditya Varma has also been disproved and it is now clear that he died a natural death in 1677 at Darpakulangara Palace.
In 1682 the Senior Rani of Attingal died and Umayamma Rani succeeded as principal Queen of Venad. The Royal family followed Marumakkathayam or matrilineal system of inheritance and family for which presence of females in the royal family were essential. In 1682 Umayamma Rani adopted one male, Aditya Varma, and two females from the related Kolathunad Royal family. This was followed by war with an enraged Kerala Varma of Nedumangad which the Rani won and the claims of the Nedumangad family were found to be untenable. In 1684 Umayamma Rani also adopted an adult male from the related Royal family of Kottayam, Malabar, a branch of the Kolathunad house. This adopted male was Kerala Varma and was given the title of 'Prince of Hiranyasimhallur' (Eraniel). This prince took the reins of the kingdom into his hands by first silencing the collateral branches and asserting the power of the chief branch. During that period a Mughal raider invaded Venad in 1684 with his army. Kerala Varma defeated him in the battle near Thuckalay. He also abolished certain abhorrent customs known as "Pulappedi", "Mannapedi" etc. in 1695. Since he was consolidating the royal power, the nobles of the land and the temple trustees (Ettara Yogam) murdered him in 1695 and his obsequies were performed by Aditya Varma. Meanwhile Ravi Varma became the Rajah and in 1688 adopted two males, Unni Kerala Varma and Rajah Rama Varma from Kolathunad, and two princesses from Kolathunad. The succession continued in these lines and again adoptions were made in 1705, 1718 and so on.
Description of Umayamma Rani.
The Dutch representative William Van Nieuhoff describes the Rani as:

</doc>
<doc id="19062669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062669" title="The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas (film)">
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas (film)

The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is a 2008 British-Irish historical-drama film based on the novel of the same name by Irish writer John Boyne. Directed by Mark Herman and produced by David Heyman, it stars Asa Butterfield, Jack Scanlon, David Thewlis, Vera Farmiga, Amber Beattie and Rupert Friend.
This film is a Holocaust drama, and it explores the horror of a World War II Nazi extermination camp through the eyes of two 8-year-old boys; one the son of the camp's Nazi commandant, the other a Jewish inmate.
Plot.
The film opens in Berlin in Nazi Germany during the Holocaust where a little boy named Bruno (Asa Butterfield) is seen playing with his three friends. After arriving home he learns that his father Ralf (David Thewlis) has been promoted to SS-Obersturmbannführer Commandant. After a party to celebrate the promotion, Bruno, his father, Bruno's mother Elsa (Vera Farmiga) and older sister Gretel (Amber Beattie) relocate to another part of Germany. Bruno hates his new home as there is nobody to play with and very little to explore. Bruno is also forbidden from playing in the back garden. 
Bruno and Gretel get a tutor, Herr Liszt (Jim Norton), who pushes an agenda of antisemitism and nationalist propaganda. Gretel becomes increasingly fanatical in her support for the Third Reich, covering her bedroom wall with Nazi propaganda posters, much to the confusion of Bruno. She flirts with SS-Obersturmführer Lieutenant Kurt Kotler (Rupert Friend), her father's subordinate, as her budding sexuality becomes fixated on the ideal of the German soldier. Bruno remains skeptical of Nazi Propaganda, because all of the Jews Bruno knows, including the family's servant Pavel (David Hayman), do not resemble Lizt's teachings.
Bruno one day disobeys his parents and sneaks off into the back garden. He eventually arrives at an extermination camp which Bruno thinks is a "farm" and befriends a boy his own age named Shmuel (Jack Scalon) who lives on the other side of a barbed wire fence. Shmuel, Pavel and the other prisoners all wear striped uniforms which Bruno thinks are "pajamas". Bruno meets Shmuel every day sneaking him food and playing games. Bruno learns Shmuel is a Jew and that he was brought to the camp along with his father.
One day Elsa discovers Ralf's true colors after Kotler lets slip that the black smoke is really burnt corpses of dead Jews. Elsa confronts and argues with Ralf and is broken-hearted. At dinner that night, after Bruno claims Herr Liszt won't let him read adventure books and that he teaches them history, Kotler admits history was his favorite subject but that didn't please his father, who left for Switzerland. Ralf, upon hearing this, tells him he should have told of his father's past as it was his duty. Kotler then presumably beats Pavel to death after Pavel accidentally spilled Kotler's wine glass. The next morning the maid, Maria, is seen cleaning up the blood stains.
Later that day Bruno sees Pavel's replacement and notices Shmuel has been asked into the house to clean glasses. Bruno offers him some cake and they talk to each other. However Kotler interferes and mistakes Shmuel for "stealing food". Shmuel though tells him Bruno offered him the cake. Scared of Kotler, Bruno frames Shmuel by lying he has never seen him before. Believing Bruno, Kotler orders Shmuel to finish cleaning the glasses and they will have a "little chat about what happens to rats who steal". Bruno goes to his room distraught and decides to apologize to Shmuel, but Maria is seen cleaning the glasses instead. Every day Bruno returns to the same spot but does not see Shumel. One day Shmuel is seen behind the fence with a black eye. Despite Bruno's betrayal, Shmuel forgives him and renews his friendship.
After the funeral of his grandmother, who was killed in Berlin by bombing, Ralf (after another argument with Elsa) decides Bruno and Gretel are to stay with a relative while he "finishes his work" at the camp, accepting that it is no place for the children to live in. Shmuel has problems of his own as his father has gone missing in the camp. Bruno decides to redeem himself by helping Shmuel find his father. The next day Bruno, who is due to leave, arrives back at the camp, and digs under the fence disguised as a Jew. Bruno soon discovers the true nature of the camp after seeing many sick and weak looking Jews. At one of the huts the boys are taken on a march with other inmates by Sonderkommandos. 
At the house, Bruno's absence is noticed. After Gretel and Elsa discover the open window Bruno went through and the remains of a sandwich Bruno was taking for Shmuel, Elsa bursts through Ralf's meeting to alert him that Bruno is missing. Ralf and his men mount a search to find him. They enter the camp, searching for Bruno. Bruno, Shmuel and the inmates stop inside a changing room and are told to take their clothes off for a "shower". They are packed into the gas chambers, where Bruno and Shmuel hold each other's hands. An SS soldier pours some Zyklon B pellets into the chamber. The prisoners start yelling and banging on the metal door. Ralf, still with his men, arrives at an empty dormitory, signalling to him that a gassing is taking place. Ralf cries out his son's name, and Elsa and Gretel fall to their knees. The film ends by showing the closed door of the now-silent gas chamber.
Soundtrack.
The score for "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas" was composed by James Horner. It has been released exclusively at iTunes and Amazon.com as a download only. The soundtrack to "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas" was released on November 4, 2008.
Reception.
The film has a 64% with a 6.2/10 average rating on Rotten Tomatoes. James Christopher in "The Times" referred to it as "a hugely affecting film. Important, too". Conversely, Manohla Dargis of "The New York Times" summed it up as "the Holocaust trivialized, glossed over, kitsched up, commercially exploited and hijacked for a tragedy about a Nazi family".
Some critics have called the very premise of the book and subsequent film—that there would be a child of Shmuel's age in the camp—an unacceptable fabrication. Reviewing the original book, Rabbi Benjamin Blech wrote: "Note to the reader: There were no nine-year-old Jewish boys in Auschwitz—the Nazis immediately gassed those not old enough to work." But, according to statistics from the Labour Assignment Office, Auschwitz-Birkenau contained 619 living male children from one month to fourteen years old on August 30, 1944. On January 14, 1945, 773 male children were registered as living at the camp. "The oldest children were sixteen, and fifty-two were less than eight years of age." "Some children were employed as camp messengers and were treated as a kind of curiosity, while every day an enormous number of children of all ages were killed in the gas chambers." However, American critic Roger Ebert declared that the film is not attempting to be a forensic reconstruction of Germany during the war, but is "about a value system that survives like a virus".

</doc>
<doc id="19062683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062683" title="Internacia Junulara Festivalo">
Internacia Junulara Festivalo

The Internacia Junulara Festivalo ("IJF", meaning "Internacional Youth Festival" in Esperanto) is a traditional one-week-long meeting of esperantists organised yearly by the Italian Esperanto Youth at Easter, each time in a different Italian town. Each festival has its own theme, to be developed in lectures and discussion groups; additionally, lectures of general interest are usually proposed, as well as tourist visits to neighbouring cities, concerts and performances. One can usually improve his/her knowledge of the Esperanto language thanks to language courses at beginner and intermediate level.
The first IJF was held in 1977. The meeting is usually attended by about 100 participants; the most popular one was the 24th IJF, held in 2000, which was attended by 325 participants.

</doc>
<doc id="19062717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062717" title="The Old Fashioned Way (song)">
The Old Fashioned Way (song)

"The Old Fashioned Way" is the English version of Charles Aznavour's "Les plaisirs démodés" song. The song was released in 1973 by Barclay Records as a single ("What makes a Man" on the B-side) and became a hit in Netherland (#5), Belgium and in the UK (it was on British charts for 15 weeks).

</doc>
<doc id="19062772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062772" title="Michael Ingham">
Michael Ingham

Michael Ingham may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19062779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062779" title="Inna Eftimova">
Inna Eftimova

Inna Eftimova (; born June 19, 1988 in Sofia) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Bulgaria.
Eftimova represented Bulgaria at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed 4th in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 11.67 seconds.
In May 2012, the Bulgarian athletics federation announced a two-year ban for Eftimova after testing positive for somatotropin at the World Championships held in August 2011 in Daegu, South Korea. As a consequence of the ban she will miss the 2012 London Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19062785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062785" title="HDMS Gunnar Thorson (A560)">
HDMS Gunnar Thorson (A560)

The HDMS Gunnar Thorson is a Danish environmental protection vessel built for environmental protection and preservation purposes in 1980-1981. Originally operated by the Danish Ministry of Environmental Protection (now Ministry of the Environment, "Gunnar Thorson" was manned by the Royal Danish Navy throughout its history, but was incorporated fully in the navy on January 1, 1996.
"Gunnar Thorson" is a lead ship of a class of two EPVs, the other being Gunnar Seidenfaden (A561).

</doc>
<doc id="19062786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062786" title="Drowning on Dry Land">
Drowning on Dry Land

Drowning on Dry Land may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19062797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062797" title="Teague (company)">
Teague (company)

Teague is a global design consultancy headquartered in Seattle, Washington. Established in 1926 by Walter Dorwin Teague, Teague is known for its design contributions through the disciplines of product design, interaction design, environmental design, and mechanical design. The privately held company is particularly recognized for its work in aviation and consumer goods, with clients such as The Boeing Company, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, Samsung and Panasonic.
Teague's early role in consumer culture is most popularly associated with designs such as the first Polaroid camera, the UPS truck, Texaco service stations, and the Pringles Chips canister; while Xbox and the Boeing 787 Dreamliner headline Teague's post-2000 design work.
In 2006, Teague celebrated its 80th anniversary in the Frank Gehry-designed Experience Music Project in downtown Seattle.
History.
In the mid-1920s, Walter Dorwin Teague (1883 to 1960) was one of a group of individuals interested in pioneering the design of products for manufacturers as a distinct occupation. The illustrator and typographer departed an advertising career at New York-based Calkins & Holden to establish Teague as a sole-proprietorship in 1926. As one of the first industrial design firms of its kind, Teague's value proposition was to improve the appearance, function and sales of clients' products, thereby strengthening businesses' brand image while translating the era's cultural context through tangible objects.
Early Expansion.
Although product design culture was still limited to the wealthy through the 1930s, Teague pursued strategic relationships with businesses offering products to benefit the masses, citing a loss of concern for appearance in manufacturing when the Industrial Revolution replaced craftsmanship with machinery. In 1927, Teague was commissioned by Eastman Kodak to design cameras, and by the following year had co-located with Kodak in Upstate New York. During what would become a thirty-year relationship, Teague designed some of Kodak's most iconic products, including the Baby Brownie, Super Kodak, Kodak Medalist, and the Kodak Bantam Special, one of the most popular cameras ever produced. The Baby Brownie had outsold any other camera ever made.
Teague expanded its portfolio in the early 1930s with: the Marmon 16, the first production automobile conceived by an industrial designer; 32 design patterns for Steuben Glass, a division of Corning Glass Works; and the design of passenger cars and diners for the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroads. By 1938, Teague's office grew to 55 employees, including architects, engineers, 3D artists and industrial designers. Teague had also signed its first highly lucrative design retainer contract with Polaroid, culminating in the later development of the Land Camera, the first camera able to develop its own prints, introduced in 1948.
Environmental Design and Corporate Identity.
Teague's product designs for Kodak evolved into the design of Kodak's offices, retail stores, and exhibitions at the New York World's Fair. The concept of "corporate identity" emerged from this cross-disciplined work of commercial design and the applied arts and science of creating the human-designed environment. Initiating the first corporate identity program of its kind, Teague created a full branding image for Texaco, including the design of full station layouts for Texaco service stations, pumps, trucks, cans and signs. Considered Art Deco icons of their era, more than 20,000 of these Texaco stations had been built worldwide by 1960.
World Fairs.
In the 1930s and 1940s, Teague parlayed the new concept of corporate identity into designing corporate industrial exhibits for companies such as Con Edison, Du Pont, Kodak, US Steel, and the National Cash Register Company. In 1933, Teague designed numerous displays for the Ford Motor Company at the Chicago Century of Progress Exposition, and expanded its showcase of architectural savvy through the design of the Texaco exhibition hall at the 1935 Texas Centennial Exposition in Dallas, Texas, as well as the Ford pavilion for the California Pacific International Exposition in San Diego, California (now housing the San Diego Aerospace Museum). 
Having designed multiple exhibitions at the New York World's Fair, including the Kodak Hall of Lights and the National Cash Register Building, Walter Dorwin Teague was invited to serve on its Board of Design, as well as design the Ford Exposition Building at New York's World Fair of 1939. Teague would also later design the U.S. Science Center for the World's Fair in Seattle, as well as the "House of the Future" for the Festival of Gas at the 1964 World's Fair.
Structure and Scope.
By the 1940s, product design culture had only just begun to come of age through consideration of a product's functional, technological, cultural and economic factors. In 1945, a year after establishing an engineering division, Teague's corporate structure changed from a sole proprietorship to a partnership, allowing senior staff to be partners in the company. Profit-sharing increased employee retention and pride in ownership in the company encouraged project-successes.
Diversifying the firm's portfolio, Teague's projects included packaging for Ac'cent, a product for the International Minerals and Chemical Corporation, equipment design for the Navy Bureau of Ordinance of the U.S. Navy, design of the UPS delivery truck and the visual styling of Steinway Pianos, the first of which is on display at the Smithsonian museum (as of 2012).
The 1940s also commenced Teague's collaborative relationship with The Boeing Company, which began in 1946 and continues to date, as of January 2012. (See Teague (company)|Aviation.)
Post-War Decades: Product Packaging and Interior Design.
Products of mass-consumption and the expansion of pop culture in the 1950s strengthened the influence of industrial design in both public consciousness and big business. By the late 1950s, Teague expanded its work in product packaging design, creating a new corporate identity for Schaefer Beer. This early work would later lead to projects with Ivory soap, Downy, Comet cleanser, Cheetos, Scope mouthwash, Head & Shoulders, and Chiffon margarine. With offices in New York and Seattle, and design labs in several domestic and overseas locations, Teague strengthened its application of package design through the consumer revolution of the 1960s, forming lasting relationships with both Procter & Gamble and the General Foods Corporation.
The Oil Crisis and anger toward American imperialism waned the mass-impact of industrial design for nearly two decades. During the early 1970s, the majority of Teague's work was in architectural and interior design. In addition to banks, showrooms, museums, corporate headquarters, supermarkets and government facilities, Teague's largest space of interior design was for Skidmore, Owings & Merrill's Air Force Academy in Colorado, where design work covered 3.5 million square feet of space, including dining halls, dormitory rooms, classrooms, and more than 60,000 objects. By 1977, Walter Dorwin Teague Associates was larger than any of its competitors, employing roughly 150 designers, architect and technicians.
As the Information Age and its new media culture surfaced, Teague continued collaborative work with key clients, such as Procter & Gamble and Boeing, and established new client relationships that resulted in numerous classic package designs, including the Lays Potato Chips and Frito Corn Chips bags, the Pringles Potato Chips canister, Ivory, and the Scope Mouthwash Bottle. Other notable post-1975 design achievements include the Kenworth Sleeper truck, the first truck designed to house a sleeper cabin, developed in 1976; and the crew quarters for the NASA space station, designed in 1987.
Aviation.
Teague's history in aviation began with Boeing in 1946, when Teague designed the aircraft interior for the Boeing Stratocruiser. The inverted figure-8 double deck fuselage provided 6,600 feet of interior space designed specifically for luxury air travel. The Stratocruiser's interior later inspired the iconic interior cabins of both the Boeing 707 and 747 planes.
The 707 aircraft model marked a "new flight era" for passengers, with more windows, a passenger service unit, illuminated seat-belt signs, and 1,300 square feet of interior space. Boeing's 747, the world's first wide-body commercial jetliner, two and a half times the size of the 707, was used to create the Reagan-era Air Force One in 1988. The Boeing-Teague team's Air-Force One project received tremendous media attention throughout its development, as the aircraft designed to transport the US President and White House staff included 100 telephones, two fully equipped kitchens, 16 televisions, seven bathrooms, 31 executive sleeper suites, and other extravagant amenities.
In 1997, the collaborative team unveiled the Boeing 737 interior and exterior design at the Paris Air Show, where eight years later the 777-200LR Worldliner would also premier, a model to break distance records during its "Going the Distance" world tour. In January 2012, Boeing announced the 777 once again set a new record for orders in a single year (2011) at 200. The Boeing-Teague team also developed the Boeing Skyloft Concept in 2005, a first-of-its-kind architectural transformation to create a new level of commercial space in cabin real estate.
The result of a five-year collaboration between Boeing and Teague, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner set new world records for distance and speed during an endurance flight around the world in 2011, the year of the 787's first delivery. Dubbed "The New Plane for the New World," the 787 is considered the most successful commercial airplane launch in aviation history.
In 2006, Teague and Boeing celebrated the 60th year anniversary of collaborative aviation design.
Teague's architectural innovation for jetliner interiors includes projects for global airlines, such as Singapore and Emirates airlines. In 2008, Teague earned the international Red Dot Design award for Emirates Airline First-Class Cabin and Entry-Way, designed in collaboration with Boeing, Emirates, and Paris-based Pierrejean Studios to create a dramatic new cabin interior for the airline's 777-models.
Leading the proliferation of in-flight entertainment and communications, Teague has developed both hardware and software solutions for clients like Rockwell-Collins and Panasonic Avionics, with whom Teague's relationship began in the early 1990s. Weber Aircraft, Panasonic and Teague collaboratively developed the first ever fully integrated in-flight entertainment seat for commercial aircraft, the Panasonic Integrated Smart Monitor.
New Millennium: Consumer Electronics.
At the turn of the millennium, leveraging collaborative relationships with A-list clients of the Digital Age, Teague's work focused heavily on consumer electronics.
In 2001, Seattle-based Microsoft called on Teague to co-design its first gaming console, the Xbox. The project's success culminated in a series of additional collaborative projects between Microsoft and Teague. Expanding its client-base and award-winning portfolio in the consumer electronics market, Teague collaborated with companies such as Samsung, Panasonic, Gateway, Intel, LG, Hewlett-Packard, and T-Mobile. Widely acclaimed designs include the Samsung Portable Digital Projector, the Gateway One computer, the Xbox 360 Wireless Racing Wheel, and the Microsoft Shell Laptop.
In January 2012, Teague celebrated its 200th project with Microsoft.
Mission & Approach.
As part of Teague's post-millennium brand revival, the company reinstated the mission "Design This Day," the title of Walter Dorwin Teague's book, published in 1940. Outlining design techniques and philosophical perspectives, the book serves as Teague's timeless basis through which to approach design. From the book's preface: "What I have tried to do is to outline with reasonable clarity the technique that must be applied to the solution of any problem of design, whether it is a new motorcar or a new city or a new environment. If this technique is basically sound for one it will be sound for the others. It is a method of approach, a listing of the factors that must be dealt with if satisfactory order is to be created on a small or a large scale." –Walter Dorwin Teague, Aug 30, 1949.
The Company's business practice emphasizes collaboration and client-designer relationships, as Walter Dorwin Teague first publicly articulated at the 1946 Museum of Modern Art Conference in New York, "Industrial Design: A New Profession," wherein the meeting minutes reflect Teague's remark, "e wait for the client to come to us." Additionally, Teague has applied a "thinking through making" approach since its founding, using off-site laboratories to build full-scale mock-ups of designs, including aircraft interiors.
Corporate.
In 2004, John Barratt signed on as Teague's President and CEO. , Teague employs approximately 300 designers and support staff within the Seattle-based Aviation Studio and Design Studio.
In 2011, Teague acquired a Munich-based design studio to expand into the European market.

</doc>
<doc id="19062814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062814" title="Denholm, Quebec">
Denholm, Quebec

Denholm is a municipality in La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau Regional County Municipality, Quebec, Canada, north of Gatineau. Its territory is along the eastern shores of Lake Sainte Marie, part of the Gatineau River.
Denholm is a popular location for cottage vacationing and noted for its outdoor sport and recreation opportunities, such as fishing and hunting. There are several businesses and summer camps catering to these activities.
Geography.
Denholm's territory is characterized as a harmonious alternation between gently rolling hills (part of the Gatineau Hills) and numerous glacial lakes, such as Cardinal, Normandeau, Plomb, Priest, Rond, and Sam Lakes. Its highest point is located in the western portion near the Gatineau River, reaching .
History.
Permanent settlement of the area began between 1851 and 1861. The boundaries of this township were shown on a map of 1863 by Étienne-Eugène Taché. The Denholm Township was proclaimed in 1869, taking its name from a Scottish village located north-east of Hawick in Roxburghshire.
The Township Municipality of Denholm was formed in 1924 and its post office was established in 1951.
During the second decade of the 20th century, Denholm's development was boosted due to the presence of asbestos, serpentine, and calcite mines. Although mining activity no longer exists today, the largest sheet of mica ever mined in the world came from one of these mines.
On October 11, 2003, the Township Municipality of Denholm changed its statutes and became the Municipality of Denholm.
On May 23, 2010 the City Hall was destroyed by fire. Most records were salvaged and the municipal offices were temporarily moved next door to the Volunteer Fire Hall. The municipal employees proposed that they remain in the Fire Hall despite the cramped conditions in order to save money until the new City Hall is rebuilt and use the savings to renovate the Volunteer Fire Hall which had been neglected over the years.
Demographics.
Population trend:
Private dwellings (occupied by usual residents): 247
Languages:
Politics.
Denholm is part of the Pontiac federal electoral district and represented by Mathieu Ravignat, NDP MP.
Provincially, it is part of Gatineau electoral district and represented by Stéphanie Vallée, member of the Quebec Liberal Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19062831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062831" title="A Fine Companion">
A Fine Companion

A Fine Companion is a Caroline era stage play, a comedy written by Shackerley Marmion that was first printed in 1633. It is one of only three surviving plays by Marmion.
The play was published in 1633 in a quarto printed by Augustine Matthews for the bookseller Richard Meighen. The title page of the first edition states that the play was performed by Prince Charles's Men at the Salisbury Court Theatre, and that the work was acted before King Charles I and Queen Henrietta Maria at Whitehall Palace. The original production most likely occurred in the 1632–33 period. The same company had staged Marmion's first play, "Holland's Leaguer", in 1631.
Marmion based his drama on one of the popular stories in Barnabe Rich's "Farewell to the Military Profession" (1581). Like Marmion's other plays, "A Fine Companion" shows the clear and abundant influence of Ben Jonson's style of comedy. Marmion was one of the Sons of Ben, self-professed admirers and followers of Jonson.
In the 1633 first edition, the play is prefaced by a Prologue featuring an Author and a Critic, in which Marmion defends his practice of satire.
Synopsis.
The play opens with its lovers, Aurelio and Valeria. Aurelio is a worthy son who has been disinherited by a capricious father, in favour of his wastrel younger brother Careless (the latter is the "fine companion" of the title). The lovers' plans to marry are frustrated by Aurelio's lack of means; and they are separated physically by Aurelia's father, the usurer Littlegood. 
His own father being deceased, Careless is determined to spend and enjoy his patrimony. He mortgages his lands to Littlegood and wastes his funds on high living; his tailor, sempster, and haberdasher wait upon him faithfully. He is surrounded by a set of questionable friends. Spruce is a would-be lady's man who carries a box full of pre-written love letters, only the names left blank. Captain Whipple and Lieutenant Stern are cashiered soldiers who mooch what they can.
Littlegood has two daughters and a son. In addition to Valeria there is the high-spirited Aemilia; son Lackwit is the darling of his mother, Fondling Littlegood, who encourages him to live the life of a gentleman and a gallant, much to his father's displeasure. Littlegood wants to marry off his daughters to husbands of his choice; he plans to bestow Valeria upon Spruce, and Aemilia on the elderly Dotario, the uncle of Aurelio and Careless. Aemilia, however, is determined to foil her father's plans; she prefers Careless for her husband.
Directed by Aurelio, Valeria pretends to be mad; Aurelio disguises himself as the doctor who is to cure her. Careless disguises himself as Dotario, and makes off with Aemilia. (Lackwit mistakes the real Dotario for a false Dotario, and scares him away with a longsword.) The disguised brothers marry their brides. Littlegood and Dotario are stunned to learn they've been duped, though Fondling is pleased with the results. To avoid public embarrassment and keep the family secrets, Littlegood agrees to return Careless's mortgaged lands to him, and Dotario provides Aurelio with an income.
Interspersed with the play's main plot scenes are scenes of the comic subplot, which trace the adventures of Careless, Lackwit, the Captain, and comic servants through a milieu of taverns, confidence games, and pranks.
Captain Whipple is a version of the "Miles gloriosus" of classical comedy: he talks big and blusters, but is a coward at heart. He indulges in a fantastic style of speech —
Yet by the end of the play he has been humbled: he marries the Hostess of the tavern where he resides, and becomes the Host.
Literary connections.
Like many Caroline era plays, Marmion's "Fine Companion" shows a range of resemblances with, and borrowings from, earlier works. "A Match at Midnight", a play in the canon of William Rowley, bears noteworthy common features with Marmion's comedy: the old usurer (Bloodhound, Littlegood) and his rebellious children; the witty virgin (Moll Bloodhound, Aemilia Littlegood) and her decrepit old suitor (Earlack, Dotario); the usurer's silly son (Tim Bloodhound, Lackwit Littlegood); dishonest tavern-crawling discharged soldiers, etc.
In turn, Marmion's play influenced subsequent writers. "A Fine Companion" served "as a source for plot elements" in Richard Brome's "The English Moor". During the Restoration, Thomas d'Urfey borrowed from Marmion's drama to create his "Sir Barnaby Whig, or No Wit Like a Woman's" (1681). D'Urfey's Captain Porpuss is modelled on Marmion's Captain Whipple. (Four years earlier, in 1677, d'Urfey had similarly plundered Marmion's "The Antiquary" for another of his works.)

</doc>
<doc id="19062834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062834" title="Ani Khachikyan">
Ani Khachikyan

Ani Khachikyan (, born March 16, 1991 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian track and field sprinter. She is the national junior record holder for the 100 metres event.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the women's 100 metres. Khachikyan placed sixth in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 12.76 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19062840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062840" title="Chicago and Atlantic Railway">
Chicago and Atlantic Railway

The Chicago and Atlantic Railway, later the Chicago and Erie Railroad, was a railway in the United States which existed from 1871 to 1941, and was an important connection between the Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area and Chicago, Illinois.
The railway was formed in 1871 as the Chicago, Continental and Baltimore Railway, and renamed to the Chicago and Atlantic Railway in 1873. The western terminus was in the Chicago suburb of Hammond, Indiana, while the eastern terminus was at Marion, Ohio. The road suffered financial difficulties, and went through several internal reorganizations and name changes. It went through bankruptcy in 1890, and emerged as the Chicago and Erie Railroad with John G. McCullough as its president.
In 1895, the road was purchased by the Erie Railroad, but retained its name and identity until it was consolidated in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="19062844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062844" title="Carlos Ventosa">
Carlos Ventosa

Carlos Ventosa Delmas (born March 4, 1971) is a former backstroke swimmer from Spain, who competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics for his native country. He is best known for winning the silver medal in the Men's 4x100m Medley Relay at the 1993 FINA Short Course World Championships, alongside Sergio López Miró, Joaquín Fernández and José Maria Rojano.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19062852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062852" title="50th Regiment">
50th Regiment

50th Regiment or 50th Infantry Regiment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19062863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062863" title="Battle of Manzanillo">
Battle of Manzanillo

Battle of Manzanillo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19062864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062864" title="Kosovo–Norway relations">
Kosovo–Norway relations

Kosovan–Norwegian relations are foreign relations between the Republic of Kosovo and Norway. Kosovo declared its independence from Serbia in 17 February 2008 and Norway recognized it in 28 March 2008. Norway has an embassy in Pristina, while Kosovo has hinted that it will include Norway in the second wave of embassy openings.
Military.
Norway currently has 8 troops serving in Kosovo as peacekeepers in the NATO led Kosovo Force. Thorstein Skiaker was the 5th KFOR Commander from 6 April 2001 - 3 October 2001.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19062868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062868" title="Eric Vonn">
Eric Vonn

Eric Vonn is an American telenovela writer known for his unique and "different" storylines. A hallmark of his work is that the villains aren't usually in love with the protagonist (a cliche motive for characters in the average telenovela and, in fact, something that the average telenovela has been criticized for) and that most of his telenovelas seem to center more on the villains and their respective stories instead of the "good guys." Furthermore, he has a reputation for creating memorable villains for the network, such as both Marcia and Don Chema in Tierra de Pasiones, Doña Ágata, Inés, and Elena in Pecados Ajenos, the demon in La Chacala, and most recently, the disturbing character of Doña Loreto in Cielo Rojo.
Tierra de Pasiones and Pecados Ajenos, two of his latest novelas, could be considered modern day retellings of William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet, especially the latter, and are of the tragicomedic genre. Both of them were also known for their controversial series finales not typical of the average telenovela. Vonn's work, usually considered black comedy, is full of double entendres, puns, violent scenes, explicit sex scenes, and satirical and sarcastic takes on the Christianity. For example, in Pecados Ajenos, the villain Ágata would always ask the Virgin Mary that her latest murder go as planned and that her victim would go to hell, and she would often say throughout the telenovela "As a Christian woman, I..." before saying something really un-Christian. However, this kind of dark humor and graphic scenes have caused his telenovelas to be aired in later time slots.
Additionally, Vonn's novelas greatly differ from other Hispanic writers' in that they typically take place in the United States and follow the lives of Hispanic-American characters facing contemporary issues, such as illegal immigration, LGBT acceptance among the conservative Hispanic community, difficulties getting into college, teenage drug abuse, sex, and subtle criticisms on religion.
Writing style.
Vonn constantly uses Black Humor in his latest telenovelas with Telemundo and Azteca, all the dialogues are full of ironic, sarcastic phrases, full of allegories and cynicism, the mimics of the characters must be the same way as well as the situations in the novela, whether it's gore or murder or violence scene it's full of Black humor which causes the spectators great amount of different emotions the same time, his novelas normally feature a lot of physical and verbal violence, full of nude erotic scenes specially featuring villains in this type of scenes, also very realistic and close to real life characters with their actions. Protagonists of Vonn are not the "main characters" of the novela, they have almost the same percentage of the scenes as villains or estelars. Best proof of this type of work are his late timeslot telenovelas Pecados Ajenos with Telemundo, Cielo Rojo and Vivir a Destiempo with Azteca. Tierra de Pasiones with Telemundo and Quererte Así with Azteca are a bit light, especially the ultimate one, because of earlier timeslot.
Filmography.
Telenovelas

</doc>
<doc id="19062894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062894" title="Rubén Epitié Dyowe">
Rubén Epitié Dyowe

Rubén Epitié Dyowe Roig (born 5 February 1983), known as Epitié, is an Equatoguinean footballer who plays for UE Castelldefels as a forward.
Club career.
Born in Manresa, Province of Barcelona, Catalonia, Epitié played all of his senior career in Spain, but never appeared in higher than the third division.
He represented CE Manresa, FC Andorra, CD La Oliva, ACD San Marcial, CD Logroñés, Jerez Industrial CF, Algeciras CF, AD Mar Menor-San Javier, CF Peralada, UD Poblense, CD Binéfar, CF Vilanova (sharing teams with sibling Juan in the latter), CD Montcada, CF Igualada, UE Rubí and CE Europa.
International career.
As many players born in Spain (Benjamín Zarandona, Rodolfo Bodipo, Javier Balboa, etc.), Epitié chose to represent Equatorial Guinea through ancestry – his father hails from that country, while his mother is Spanish.
He made his senior debut in 2006.
Personal.
Epitié's older brother, Juan, is also a footballer – and a forward. He too spent most of his professional career in Spain, representing most notably Deportivo Alavés and Real Madrid Castilla, while also having short stints in Israel and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19062918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062918" title="Kosovo–Poland relations">
Kosovo–Poland relations

Kosovan–Polish relations are foreign relations between the Republic of Kosovo and Poland. Kosovo declared its independence from Serbia in 17 February 2008 and Poland recognized it on 26 February 2008. Poland was the first Slavic country to do so.
In September 2008, President of Poland, Lech Kaczyński, stated that the original cause of the 2008 South Ossetia war was not the Georgian operation, but the recognition of Kosovo's independence and that he would block attempts to establish diplomatic relations of Poland with Kosovo at ambassadorial level; however, the government has not proposed to send an ambassador to Pristina.
Recognition of Kosovo's independence.
The recognition of Kosovo's independence by the Polish government has been severely criticized by some Poles. Ever since Kosovo was recognized by Poland on February 26, 2008, there have been dozens of protests against the act, with some attracting up to 1,500-2000 people. Banners have been raised at football events saying "Kosovo is Serbian" in Polish and have also been raised in the bigger cities in Poland such as in Warsaw. Poland's society has not been pleased with the government decision to recognize Kosovo, due to the historically close ties between Poland and Serbia, and Poland itself in the past losing its eastern territories which it as considered its own land. An organization called "Polacy na rzecz serbskiego kosowa" (Poles for Serbian Kosovo) has been formed, and various political parties, especially nationalist groups have promoted supporting Serbia.
Military.
Poland currently has 274 troops serving in Kosovo as peacekeepers in the NATO led Kosovo Force. Originally there were 800 Polish troops in KFOR.
Post.
As of August 2009, Polish public post service Poczta Polska is still not sending mail to Kosovo because it has not yet been added to the list of countries. The mail is directed either to the small village of Kosowo in Poland or to Kosovo in Russia.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19062943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062943" title="Grimaldi Forum">
Grimaldi Forum

The Grimaldi Forum in Monaco is a conference and congress centre located on the seafront of Monaco's eastern beach quartier, Larvotto. Les Ballets de Monte Carlo and the Monte-Carlo Philharmonic Orchestra regularly perform there. This is also the venue of the EVER Monaco exhibition held March annually.
During the renovation of Salle Garnier in the Opéra de Monte-Carlo in 2004–05, operas were presented at the Salle des Princes in the Grimaldi Forum.
Grimaldi Forum also host the draw for the group stage of the UEFA Champions League, including the UEFA Club Footballer of the Year award. It also host the draw for the Group Stage of the UEFA Europa League, prior to the UEFA Super Cup match played on Stade Louis II in Fontvieille.

</doc>
<doc id="19062947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062947" title="Ivana Rožman">
Ivana Rožman

Ivana Rožman (born July 14, 1989 in Skopje) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Republic of Macedonia.
Rožman represented Macedonia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed seventh in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 12.92 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19062950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062950" title="Keïta! l'Héritage du griot">
Keïta! l'Héritage du griot

"Keïta! l'Héritage du griot" (English title: "Keita! Voice of the Griot ") is a 1995 Burkinabé drama film directed by Dani Kouyaté and starring Sotigui Kouyaté.
Plot.
"Keïta" is a retelling of the first third of Sundjata Keita's 13th-century epic, "Sundjata". It tells of Mabo Keïta (Dicko), a thirteen-year-old boy who lives in a middle-class family in Ouagadougou and attends a good school. One day he encounters Djeliba Kouyate (Kouyaté), an elderly griot, who wants to tell the young Keïta the origin of his name, being related to Sundata (Boro). Kouyate begins his story with the Mandeng creation myth: As all living beings come together in the newly formed Earth, one man proclaims to the masses that he wants to be their king. They respond, "We do not hate you." The old griot goes on to tell how Keita's family are descended from buffalo, the blackbirds are always watching him, and how people have roots that are deep in the earth. The film shows realistic-looking flashbacks to ancient times and ends with Sundjata Keita being exiled from the Kingdom of Mande, to which he lays claim.
Production.
Dani Kouyaté directed a number of short films before the release of "Keïta", his first full-length feature. The film's working title was "Keita: From Mouth to Ear". It was shot in the towns of Ouagadougou, Sindou, and Ouahabou.
The assistant director was Alidou Badini.
Reception.
"Keïta!" received the Best First Film Prize from the Panafrican Film and Television Festival of Ouagadougou (Fespaco) and was awarded the Junior Prize at the Cannes Film Festival. "The New York Times" praised the film, claiming it "succeeds admirably in keeping... history alive." In a 1995 interview, Kouyate reflected on the experience and commenting on traditional society, saying:

</doc>
<doc id="19062975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19062975" title="Harry and Walter Go to New York">
Harry and Walter Go to New York

Harry and Walter Go to New York is a 1976 American period comedy film written by John Byrum and Robert Kaufman, directed by Mark Rydell, and starring James Caan, Elliott Gould, Michael Caine, Diane Keaton, Charles Durning and Lesley Ann Warren. In the film, two down-on-their-luck con men try to pull off the biggest heist ever seen in late nineteenth century New York. They are opposed by the greatest bank robber of the day, and by a crusading newspaper editor.
Plot.
Harry Dighby (Caan) and Walter Hill (Gould) are struggling vaudevillians who are sent to jail when Dighby is caught robbing audience members. They are assigned as roommates to a cultured, wealthy, and charming bank robber named Adam Worth (Caine). Worth plans to rob the Lowell Bank and Trust, both to avenge himself on the bank manager who had arranged his capture, and because his ego can not resist the temptation of robbing a bank reputed to be perfectly secure. Though in jail, he procures detailed diagrams of the bank's security systems.
A reforming newspaperwoman named Lissa Chestnut (Keaton) visits their cell, during which visit Dighby and Hill manage to photograph the bank plans with her camera, then burn the originals. They break out of prison the next day, as Worth is also paroled. They meet in New York and, by force, Worth manages to extract a copy of the photographed plans from them. Dighby, Hill, and Chestnut then band with Chestnut's team of do-gooders to race with Worth and his professional bank robbing squad to see who can first rob the Lowell Bank and Trust.
Reception.
James Caan later dubbed the film "Harry and Walter Go to the Toilet" and sacked his management after making the movie. "The director sacrificed jokes to tell a story no one cared about," he said.

</doc>
<doc id="19063002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063002" title="TIA-607-B">
TIA-607-B

Covering the grounding and bonding requirements for a building’s electrical system and telecommunications cabling infrastructure, TIA-607-B is an American National Standard created by the Telecommunications Industry Association, which facilitates the design and installation of telecom grounding/bonding systems.
Grounding and bonding not only save lives by preventing electrical hazards, they also maintain a network’s overall performance by ensuring that electromagnetic “noise” doesn’t interfere with data transmission. Whether the telecommunications system is based on Shielded Twisted Pair (STP) or Unshielded Twisted Pair (UTP) cable, TIA-607-B requires that each and every metallic component making contact with a telecom cabling infrastructure be bonded, even if it is merely touching another metal component that is directly attached.
According to the standard, proper infrastructure bonding requires the following elements: a telecommunications main grounding busbar (TMGB), telecommunications grounding busbars (TGB), telecommunications bonding busbars (TBB), grounding equalizers (GE), and a bonding conductor for telecommunications (BCT). Among TIA-607-B’s list of metallic components in need of bonding are racks, enclosures, ladders, surge protectors, cable trays, routers, switches and patch panels.
Following the bonding of telecom infrastructure components, the entire system must be bonded to the building’s main ground, which is sometimes also referred to as a grounding electrode system.

</doc>
<doc id="19063004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063004" title="John Baker (bishop)">
John Baker (bishop)

John Austin Baker (born 11 January 1928) was the Bishop of Salisbury in the Church of England from 1982 until 1993. 
Baker was educated at Marlborough College and Oriel College, Oxford. Ordained in 1955, he began his ministry with curacies at All Saint's Cuddesdon and St Anselm's Hatch End, after which he was a fellow and lecturer at Corpus Christi College, Oxford until 1973. From then until his ordination to the episcopate he was a residential canon at Westminster Abbey. 
A keen musician, Baker is a prominent author. In retirement he continues to serve as an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Winchester

</doc>
<doc id="19063010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063010" title="Ellis Powell">
Ellis Powell

Ellis Powell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19063017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063017" title="India Dupre">
India Dupre

India Dupré (born 25 March 1976, Leigh-on-Sea, England) is an English singer, songwriter and actress best known for her voice work in Lost and and her music.
She recorded an album with English singer Nick Heyward titled "The Mermaid and the Lighthouse Keeper".
Biography.
Dupré was born in Leigh-on-Sea England and relocated to Australia at the age of four. She worked in Sydney as a model and actress appearing in numerous television commercials including Coca-Cola and won the television talent show "Have a Go" at the age of 15 singing with a school friend.
At seventeen she moved to Hollywood to attend UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television and has been acting in plays, film and television ever since.
She plays one of the female leads in the romantic comedy "The Ones" for release in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19063024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063024" title="1974–75 Montreal Canadiens season">
1974–75 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1974–75 Montreal Canadiens season was the 66th season in team history. The Montreal Canadiens were eliminated in the semi-finals against the Buffalo Sabres four games to two. Henri Richard would play his final season with the club. 
Offseason.
Frank Mahovlich left the Canadiens, signing with the Toronto Toros of the World Hockey Association (WHA). Jacques Laperriere retired, he and Scotty Bowman unable to get along. Ken Dryden returned to the club after his law articling.
Regular season.
Henri Richard entered his 20th season with the Canadiens, but his health was failing. He played 16 games before fracturing his left ankle on November 13, 1974 in a game against Buffalo and did not play again until the spring.
Guy Lafleur had a break-out season, breaking the Canadiens' goal-scoring record of 50 goals held by Maurice Richard and Bernie Geoffrion. Lafleur finished with 53 goals and 119 points.
Playoffs.
The Canadiens' first round opponent was the Vancouver Canucks and the Canadiens won the series in five games to advance to the semi-finals against the Buffalo Sabres. The Sabres defeated the Canadiens in six games to advance to the Stanley Cup final. The Sabres' checkers were able to shut down the Canadiens' top scorers, while the Canadiens' checkers were not able to contain the Sabres' French Connection line.
Transactions.
Following the 1975 playoffs, Henri Richard retires after 20 NHL seasons. Having been the Canadiens captain since 1971, he will be succeeded in that post by Yvan Cournoyer.

</doc>
<doc id="19063049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063049" title="Tonie Campbell">
Tonie Campbell

Anthony ("Tonie") Eugene Campbell (born June 14, 1960 in Los Angeles, California) is an American Olympic bronze medalist, who finished in third place in the 110m Hurdles at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
Campbell attended the University of Southern California. While a sophomore at USC, he qualified for the 1980 U.S. Olympic team, but was prevented from competing in the 1980 Summer Olympics by the American-led boycott. Campbell was the youngest member of a movement that considered circumventing the U.S. boycott by competing under the International Olympic Committee flag, in an effort to make a statement that politics and sports should not be mixed. However, threats by U.S. officials to revoke athletes's passports and visas caused the effort to fold. Campbell noted that he would have moved forward with the effort if the group had decided to move forward: "For my age and who I was at the time, that would have been the right thing for me to do. In the event that we were banned from coming back to the U.S., I think I would have survived. I've been around the world enough to see some incredibly wonderful places where I could have been very comfortable."
Campbell qualified and participated in the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, taking 5th in the 110m Hurdles; and again in for the 1988 Seoul Games, where he won the bronze medal.
Campbell was one of the most consistent high hurdlers of the 80s. In Track and Field News magazine's world merit rankings, he was ranked in the top ten for eleven consecutive years (1980-90) with his highest placement being number two (in 1987).

</doc>
<doc id="19063076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063076" title="The Forever Trap">
The Forever Trap

The Forever Trap is an exclusive to audio "Doctor Who" story, produced as part of BBC Books' New Series Adventures line, and the second entry in the series to be produced. Read by Catherine Tate, it is the second non-televised "Doctor Who" adventure to feature the companion Donna Noble. It was released on CD on 9 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19063093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063093" title="Fauna of Pakistan">
Fauna of Pakistan

Pakistan's native fauna reflect its varied climatic zones.
Distribution.
For explanation on habitats, see Habitats of flora and fauna and Forestry in Pakistan.
The northern highlands include lower elevation areas of Potohar and Azad Kashmir regions and higher elevation areas embracing the foothills of Himalayan, Karakorum and Hindukush mountain ranges. Some of the wildlife species found on northern mountainous areas and Pothohar Plateau include the non-threatened mammal species of bharal, Eurasian lynx, Himalayan goral, Indian leopard, Marco Polo sheep, marmot (in Deosai National Park) and yellow-throated marten and birds species of chukar partridge, Eurasian eagle-owl, Himalayan monal and Himalayan snowcock and amphibian species of Himalayan toad and Muree Hills frog. The threatened ones include Asiatic black bear, Himalayan brown bear, Indian wolf, Kashmir gray langur, Kashmir red deer, markhor, Rhesus macaque, Siberian ibex, smooth-coated otter and white-bellied musk deer, bird species of cheer pheasant, peregrine falcon, western tragopan and reptile species of mugger crocodile.
River Indus and its numerous eastern tributaries of Chenab form many fluvial landforms that occupy most of Indus plains in Punjab and western Sindh. Some of the non-threatened mammal species of the Indus plains and the deserts of Sindh include the nilgai, red fox and wild boar, bird species of Alexandrine parakeet, barn owl, black kite, myna, hoopoe, Indian peafowl, red-vented bulbul, rock pigeon, shelduck and shikra, reptile species of Indian cobra, Indian star tortoise, Sindh krait and yellow monitor and amphibian species of Indus Valley bullfrog and Indus Valley toad. Some of the threatened mammal species include the axis deer, blackbuck, hog deer, Indian rhinoceros, Punjab urial and Sindh ibex, bird species of white-backed vulture and reptile species of black pond turtle and gharial. Grey partridge is one of the few birds that can be found in the Cholistan desert. The Tharparkar desert supports a fair population of the chinkara. The Asiatic wild ass migrates from the Indian part of the Great Rann of Kutch to the part in Pakistan in search of food. Wild boar numbers have increased because of the immunity they enjoy in a Muslim society that forbids its consumption by humans.
Western region of Pakistan, most of which is enveloped in Balochistan province, has a complex geography. Some of the mammal species include the caracal, Balochistan dormouse, Blanford's fox, dromedary camel, goitered gazelle, Indian crested porcupine, Long-eared hedgehog, markhor, ratel and striped hyena, bird species of bearded vulture, Houbara bustard and merlin, reptile species of leopard gecko and saw-scaled viper and amphibian species of Balochistan toad.
There are a number of protected wetlands (under Ramsar Convention) across the Pakistan. The wetlands are an habitat for migratory birds such as dalmatian pelicans and demoiselle crane as well as predatory species of osprey, common kingfisher, fishing cat and leopard cat near the coast line. Chashma and Taunsa Barrage Dolphin Sanctuary protects the threatened species of Indus River dolphins which tend to live in freshwater. The coastline of Pakistan is 1,050 km long and consists of a variety of habitat types, supporting a wide range of animals, of which over 1000 are fish species in the reefs of its continental shelf. West coast of Great Rann of Kutch, east to the Indus River Delta and below Tharparkar desert, is one of the few places where greater flamingos come to breed. It is also a habitat for endangered species of lesser florican. The Indus River Delta provide nesting grounds for common snakehead, giant snakehead, Indus baril and many species of catfish like rita. The hilsa swims up from the Arabian Sea to spawn in freshwater. Species that are important to people as food, such as the golden mahseer and large freshwater shrimp ("Macrobrachium" species), are part of the abundant aquatic life. Along the shores of Astola and Ormara beaches of Balochistan and Hawk'e Bay and Sandspit beaches of Sindh are nesting sites for five endangered species of sea turtles: Green Sea, Loggerhead, Hawksbill, Olive Ridley and Leatherback. Sea snakes such as yellow-bellied sea snake are also found in the pelagic zone of the sea. The wetlands of Pakistan are also a home to the endangered species of gharial and mugger crocodile who prefer freshwater habitat.

</doc>
<doc id="19063099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063099" title="Yu-Ti">
Yu-Ti

Yu-Ti is a fictional character in Marvel Comics.
Nu-An is the Yu-Ti (a name given to the rulers of K'un-Lun) who also uses the alias of Dragon Lord as did his father Lord Tuan.
Publication history.
The Dragon Lord Yu-Ti first appeared in "Marvel Premiere" #15 (May 1974), and was created by Roy Thomas and Gil Kane. The character subsequently appears in "Deadly Hands of Kung Fu" #10 (March 1975), "Marvel Premiere" #22 (June 1975), "Master of Kung Fu Annual" #1 (1976), "Deadly Hands of Kung Fu" #21 (February 1976), "Iron Fist" #6-7 (August–September 1976), "Marvel Team-Up" #64 (December 1977), "Power Man and Iron Fist" #74-75 (October–November 1981), and "Immortal Iron Fist" #4-8 (May–October 2007), and #10-14 (December 2007-June 2008).
Fictional character biography.
The Yu-Ti Lord Tuan and his son Nu-An dwelt in the shining tower of K'un-L'un looking over the piece of their realm and watching the other dimensions through the emerald Great Crystal. Lord Tuan and Nu-An wandered outside the city where they encounter Shou-Lao who prepared to attack them. Wendell Rand from Earth suddenly arrived on K'un-L'un and drove Shou-Lao away with a rifle.
Nu-An adopted Wendell Rand into his house as his adopted son. Nu-An was present as the new Yu-Ti where he puts his arms around Wendell Rand showing him preference over Davros.
Wendell fell in love with Shakirah/Shakiri and ended up marrying her. This ended up earning Wendell the enmity of the future Yu-Ti who was also in love with Shakirah.
Nu-A helped Wendell into preparing his uniform as he was readied for combat against Davros for the right to challenge Shou-Lao. Nu-An stood silently as Davros accused Lord Tuan of favoritism after he pronounced Wendell the winner. Nu-An also stood silently as Lord Tuan banished Davros from K'un-L'un for challenging Shou-Lao without his permission.
Nu-An watched alongside Tu-An and Lei Kung as Wendell Rand headed off to fight Shou-Lao.
Ten years after Wendell had saved Lord Tuan and Nu-An, Wendell returned to Earth as Nu-An watched.
As the Steel Serpent, Davros traveled to K'un-L'un on two separate occasions of its every ten year appearance on Earth. Both times, Davros has challenged Nu-An and lost.
When Lord Tuan died and became the first among the Yama Kings of Feng-Tu, his son Nu-An became the new Yu-Ti.
Nu-An later welcomed a 10-Year-Old Danny Rand to K'un-L'un granting him a rewarding stay and expressed his grief over Danny's parents. When Nu-An told Danny that he can have whatever he wanted, Danny told Nu-An that he wanted revenge. Nu-An told Danny that revenge is the one thing he can't give to Danny. He did offer to have Danny trained in the arts of Kung Fu.
When a Tibetan monk arrived in K'un-L'un, Nu-An showed him Danny Rand who was training under Lei Kung.
Nu-An spoke to Danny telling him that he must learn strategy because the greatest martial artists can be overcome by someone who can anticipate their moves.
After mastering many skills under Lei Kung, Danny Rand appeared before Nu-An who states that the training he had is not enough for him. In order to obtain the "Iron Fist" power, Danny took up Nu-An's offer which involved him slaying Shou-Lao.
Alongside the Dragon Kings, Nu-An asked Iron Fist if he was ready to be challenged to prove himself worthy of joining the company of the immortals. Alongside the Dragon Kings, Nu-An oversaw Iron Fist overcome the Challenge of the Many. Nu-An did advise Danny to take a pause before he takes on the Challenge of the One. Iron Fist stated that he was ready and ended up facing his opponent Shu-Hu. One of the Dragon Kings expressed doubt in Iron Fist as Nu-An remained silent as Iron Fist manages to defeat Shu-Hu. After the victory, Nu-An congratulated Iron Fist and offered him the right to choose between immortality or death.
Nu-An brought Iron Fist with him to the Tree of Immortality where Nu-An reminds him of the one day in every ten year connection between K'un-L'un and Earth with the next day being that day. Nu-An tells Iron Fist that he can either eat the fruit from the Tree of Immortality and live amongst K'un-L'un's inhabitants or to pass through the gates to Earth where he won't be able to return. Although Nu-An encouraged Iron Fist to eat the fruit, Iron Fist states that he still has a score to settle with Harold Meachum. Upon hearing Iron Fist's choice, Nu-An quotes "I know more than you can ever imagine Daniel. For Wendell Rand was not only your father, he was my brother." Nu-An was present as Iron Fist left for Earth the next morning.
Lei Kung later uses Nu-An's great crystal to observe Iron Fist's battle between Steel Serpent which ended in the seemingly death of Steel Serpent. Nu-An offers his sympathy to Lei Kung. Nu-An stated that Iron Fist has no plans to take over K'un-L'un.
Master Khan used the Jade Tiger to return to K'un-L'un with Power Man and Iron Fist hot on his trail. As Power Man and Iron Fist reach K'un-L'un, the archers there fired on Power Man and Iron Fist until Lei Kung told them to stand down and welcomed his former student and his ally into the city. Nu-An invited Power Man and Iron Fist to dinner where Nu-An explains the duel threats of the H'ylthri and the wolves proclaiming that Iron Fist would lead them to victory in this time of need. Iron Fist agreed to this under the condition that Nu-An tells him about his father. Lei Kung convinced Nu-An that it's time to tell him about his family. After the story was told, Lei Kung mentioned that perhaps Wendell has been returning to K'un-L'un to reclaim the throne that was rightfully his until Lord Tuan's death. Nu-An silenced Lei Kung and left. The next morning, Nu-An gave a lengthly speech to the warriors of K'un-L'un instructing them to fight valiantly against the H'ylthri. Following the victory, one of Nu-An's agents struck Iron Fist from behind and tied him to the Great Crystal as part of a sacrifice to Master Khan. Nu-An stated to Iron Fist that Master Khan was the god that was worshipped by the people of K'un-L'un who provided him with blood sacrifices. Nu-An mentioned that Shou-Lao had been the vessel for the sacrifices until Iron Fist had slayed him. As Nu-An raises the sacrificial blade in preparation for Iron Fist's sacrifice, Power Man and Lei Kung arrived to rescue Iron Fist. Power Man managed to shatter the sacrificial blade, knock aside Nu-An, and free Iron Fist. When Nu-An called for Master Khan for help, Master Khan summoned a ninja while Nu-An commanded his warriors to attack. Power Man and Iron Fist defeated their foes and forced Master Khan to open a portal that leads back to Earth. Nu-An was angered that Master Khan let Power Man and Iron Fist go back to Earth since he had promised their deaths. Master Khan silenced him stating that they spoke of his presumption later. Nu-An was helpless as Iron Fist shattered the Great Crystal which created the every-ten-year portals between Earth and K'un-L'un.
Master Khan and Nu-An were forced to flee K'un-L'un as Chiantang assaulted assaulted and leveled the city after learning about the death of Shou-Lao.
When Junzo Muto of the Hand kidnapped Misty Knight, Iron Fist came to Japan which triggered the transfer of K'un-L'un to Earth. The Dragon Kings told Nu-An that Junzo Muto's trainer Hiromotsu had slain Junzo's parents. Junzo Muto confronted Nu-An and the Dragon Kings telling them that they are now his to command. Nu-An had the Dragon Kings transform into a dragon to attack Junzo only for Hiromatsu to cast a spell that froze them in place and then casted a spell that made the Dragon Lords obey Junzo's every command. Of course Junzo kept Nu-An alive since he held some secrets to K'un-L'un. Iron Fist was knocked out by one of the Dragon Lords and thrown into the cell where Nu-An is held. When Junzo and Hiromatsu visited Iron Fist and Nu-An in their cell, Nu-An told Junzo that Hiromatsu was the one who killed his parents causing Junzo to kill Hiromatsu and usurp his powers. Iron Fist and Nu-An remained in their cell together. The spirits of Heather Duncan Rand appeared before Iron Fist telling him to remember that he still has a family. Seemingly talking to thin air, Iron Fist recounted their deaths as Iron Fist blames Nu-An who states that blood was thicker than water. When Wolverine arrived to free Iron Fist, he decided to let Nu-An come with them. Wolverine, Iron Fist, and Misty Knight protected Nu-An from various attacks from the Hand assassins. While Wolverine and Misty Knight fought the Hand, Iron Fist let Nu-An impale him with a spear in order to get K'un-L'un back to its dimension. Misty Knight then punched Nu-An as K'un-L'un and the Dragon Lords disappeared from Earth. The spirits of Wendell Rand, Heather Duncan Rand, and several other spirits of Feng-Tu resurrected Iron Fist after that.
Centuries ago as seen in the "Avengers vs. X-Men" storyline, Nu-An had a recurring dream associating a red-haired girl with the Phoenix and a dragon. He later finds a matching red-haired girl named Fongji in the streets of K'un-L'un and has her trained as the Iron Fist. In the present as Lei Kung reads this account, Nu-An tells him that that those records have been sealed until the Phoenix returns and now he must teach Iron Fist what to do. Nu-An asks for Leonardo da Vinci to come to K'un-L'un in order to help protecting the world against the Phoenix's arrival. Meanwhile, Fongji is submitted to a hard trainment, eventually manifesting the Phoenix powers. Nu-An orders her to battle the dragon Shao-Lao as established by the ritual of the Iron Fist. Fongji is successful in her test and becomes the Iron Fist, shortly before Da Vinci sees the Phoenix coming towards Earth.
Powers and abilities.
Nu-An has some degree of combat skills, but he shows minimal skills. Apparently, he is immune to aging due to him eating a fruit from the Tree of Immortality.

</doc>
<doc id="19063107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063107" title="First to Fight (film)">
First to Fight (film)

First to Fight is a 1967 American Technicolor Warner Bros. war film starring Chad Everett, Marilyn Devin, Dean Jagger, Bobby Troup and James Best. 
The film features an early career appearance by future Academy Award winner Gene Hackman as Sgt. Tweed.
Plot.
A force of American Marines are caught by the Japanese in the jungles at Guadalcanal. "Shanghai" Jack Conell (Chad Everett) (based on "Manila" John Basilone) is the sole survivor of his squad, and when he makes it back to his own lines he is awarded the Medal of Honor. When he returns home he falls in love with Peggy Sandford (Marilyn Devin). Soon, however, he volunteers to return to the fighting.
Notes.
Battle scenes staged at Camp Pendleton Marine Base, Oceanside, California, and in the San Fernando Valley at the Bell Ranch and Africa U.S.A. Park. Scenes from Casablanca (1942) are included in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="19063121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063121" title="Gö Khugpa">
Gö Khugpa

Gö Khugpa, 'Gos Khug-pa Lhas-btsas, Gö Kuk-ba-hlay-dzay, is also written as Khug-pa-Lhas-tsi, or simply 'Gos, was a famous Tibetan monk and translator (or "lotsawa") of the 11th century.
He was born in the town of Tá-nag-phu in the province of Tsang. He travelled to India where he studied under 72 religious teachers. He learnt the sutras and mantras but was most interested in the Guhyasamaja Tantra which he assiduously promulgated in Tibet. The Guhyasamaja Tantra is considered to be, along with the Kalachakra Tantra and the Yamantaka Tantra, one of the 'Highest Yoga Tantras'.
His personal name was Lhas-btas ("Protected by gods"). His family name was 'Gos but, as his mother and father were both from the 'Gos family, he was often called 'Gos Khug-pa ("intermarried 'Gos"),
He was very critical of the 'Ancient Translation School' of the Nyingma. In particular, he wrote a long criticism of the Nyingma Guhyagarbha Tantra, as he failed to find any lineage for the tantra in India and thought that it didn’t resemble genuine Indian tantras, which led to it being excluded from the Tibetan scriptural canon, the Kangur which was compiled in the 14th century. 
However, he composed several commentaries on the Yamantaka Tantra and performed the ceremony of Yamantaka according to the Nyingma rites. 
In the lineage of the Tibetan Panchen Lamas there were considered to be four Indian and three Tibetan incarnations of Amitabha Buddha before Khedrup Gelek Pelzang, who is recognised as the 1st Panchen Lama. The lineage starts with Subhuti, one of the original disciples of Gautama Buddha. Gö Lotsawa is considered to be the first Tibetan incarnation of Amitabha Buddha in this line.

</doc>
<doc id="19063130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063130" title="First to Fight">
First to Fight

First to Fight may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19063145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063145" title="Independent Church (Hoton)">
Independent Church (Hoton)

The Independent Church was organized in 1832 in Ohio as a schism in the Church of Christ (Latter Day Saints). Little is known about this second schismatic sect of the Latter Day Saint movement apart from the date of establishment, the surname of its founder, and that Hoton denounced Joseph Smith Jr. and the Book of Mormon. Hoton's movement self-destructed when he and his bishop had disagreements.

</doc>
<doc id="19063150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063150" title="Sakka (publisher)">
Sakka (publisher)

Sakka is a Belgian publisher of manga; it is an imprint of Casterman.

</doc>
<doc id="19063162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063162" title="Vladimir Rakhmanin">
Vladimir Rakhmanin

Ambassador Vladimir Rakhmanin, born in 1958, became Deputy Secretary General of the Energy Charter Secretariat in July 2008. Mr. Rakhmanin is Russian by nationality, and completed a Masters diploma in international relations from Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1980. Mr. Rakhmanin has enjoyed a distinguished career in the Russian civil service, including appointments as the Spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (1998–2000), Chief of Protocol of the President of the Russian Federation (2000–2002), and Ambassador of the Russian Federation to Ireland (2002–2006). 
Before becoming Deputy Secretary General, Vladimir Rakhmanin was Ambassador at Large in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, chairing the Working Group on the Mechanism of Peace and Security in Northeast Asia of the Six-Party Talks on Denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula. 
Throughout his career, Mr. Rakhmanin was involved in energy-related issues at the national and international (European and Asian) level, organised and participated in high-level events related to energy matters.
Mr. Rakhmanin speaks Russian, English and Chinese. He is married and has two sons and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19063166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063166" title="Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Academy">
Sheffield Wednesday F.C. Academy

The Sheffield Wednesday Football Club Youth Academy is the youth system of Sheffield Wednesday Football Club.
The academy runs two sides; the U21 Development team, and the U18 Academy team. Both play in the respective age groups' Professional Development League Dvision 2 North leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="19063172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063172" title="Macedonian Scientific Institute">
Macedonian Scientific Institute

The Macedonian Scientific Institute (MSI), () is a Bulgarian scientific organisation, which studies the Region of Macedonia and mostly the Macedonian Bulgarians.
Establishment and activity.
It was founded in 1923 from Sofia University professors and scholars, among the Macedonian Bulgarians. In the beginning the Institute began to publish the journal ""Macedonian Review"" and other scientific studies on the Bulgarian population in Macedonia. The "Macedonian Review" was concerned with Macedonia and all branches of the study of its history, culture and social life. In the 1930s the Macedonian Scientific Institute was managed by the known Bulgarian Professor Lyubomir Miletich. Under his direction the Macedonian House of Culture in Sofia was built, where ethnographic museum and library were established. After 1945 the activity of the MSI was changed to serve the macedonistic policy on the Macedonian Question in Communist Bulgaria and Communist Yugoslavia. The new authorities began a policy of removing of any Bulgarian influence, making Macedonia connecting link for the establishment of new Balkan Federative Republic and creating there a distinct Slav Macedonian consciousness. In 1947 the Bulgarian Communist regime ""recommended"" the liquidation of the MSI. The archives and the whole museum collection including the remains of the revolutionary Gotse Delchev were transported in the new established People's Republic of Macedonia.
Resumtion.
After the Fall of Communism in 1990 the Macedonian Scientific Institute was restored and the MSI started publishing again the ""Macedonian Review"". Each issue now has an accompanying English translation for the contents page, and article Summary.
The Macedonian Scientific Institute also accepted a research programme and in the last years have published new collections of documents, monographs etc. In capacity of members of the Macedonian Scientific Institute today are academicians, professors, and public figures. It has relations with other organisations and especially with Macedonian Patriotic Organization, as well as with scholars and scientific centres in Europe, the USA, Canada and Australia. Its publications are translated and issued abroad. Professors as Otto Kronsteiner (Austria), Tadeusz Szymański (Poland) and Heinrich Stamler (USA) were elected to be foreign corresponding members of the MSI. Scientific meeting, conferences and other activities are part from the renewed work of the Macedonian Scientific Institute. It has to be noted, that in MSI works in interaction with "Thracian Scientific Institute", Bulgarian scientific organisation, which studies the Region of Thrace and the Bulgarian part of its population. MNI also has developed scientific centers and branches in different cities in Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="19063185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063185" title="Distinguished Career Award">
Distinguished Career Award

APHA-PHEHP Distinguished Career Award is given for outstanding contribution to the practice and profession of health education, health promotion and/or health communications. The awardee must have earned a terminal degree 20 years or more prior to receiving the award.

</doc>
<doc id="19063194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063194" title="UGC 2320">
UGC 2320

UGC 2320 or Arp 190 is a galaxy in the constellation Aries.

</doc>
<doc id="19063200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063200" title="Flora of Pakistan">
Flora of Pakistan

Pakistan's native flora reflects its varied climatic zones, which range from arid and semi-arid to temperate and tropical. For further details of habitats, see Ecoregions of Pakistan, Forestry in Pakistan and Wildlife of Pakistan.
Distribution.
Northern highlands and valleys.
Pakistan has conifer forests in most of the northern and north-western highlands. These occur from 1,000 to 4,000 m altitudes. Swat, Upper Dir, Lower Dir, Malakand, Mansehra and Abbottabad districts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (formerly North-West Frontier Province) are the main areas covered with coniferous forests. Silver fir ("Abies alba") and spruce ("Picea smithiana") occupy the highest altitudes, deodar ("Cedrus deodara") and blue pine ("Pinus wallichiana"), the intermediate heights, and chir pine ("Pinus roxburghii"), occupy the lower areas.
Western highlands, plains and deserts.
In north of Balochistan, conifer forests of juniper ("Juniperous macropoda") are found, such as in Quetta and Ziarat. Near Sulaiman Mountains, chilghoza pine ("Pinus gerardiana") forests are also present. In the xeric regions of Balochistan (such as in Kharan desert), date palms and ephedra are common flora varieties.
Eastern plains and deserts.
In most of Punjab and Sindh, the Indus plains have many fluvial landforms that support various natural biomes including tropical and subtropical dry and moist broadleaf forestry as well as tropical and xeric shrublands (deserts of Thal in Punjab, Tharparkar in Sindh) and kair ("Capparis aphylla") which provide firewood. The riparain woodlands grow in narrow belts along the banks of River Indus and its tributaries. Main tree varieties are of sheesham and babul and main shrub varieties are reed beds and tamarisk ("Tamarax dioica") bushes.
Wetlands and coastal regions.
In the south of Sindh are Indus River Delta in west and Great Rann of Kutch in east. The largest saltwater wetland in Pakistan is the Indus River Delta. Unlike many other river deltas, it consists of clay soil and is very swampy. The Great Rann of Kutch below the Thar Desert is not as swampy and exhibits shrubland vegetation of rather dry thorny shrubs as well as marsh grasses of "Apluda" and "Cenchrus". Other saltwater wetlands are located on the coast of Balochistan such as at Sonmiani and Jiwani. These and Indus River Delta support mangrove forestry, mainly of species "Avicennia marina".

</doc>
<doc id="19063208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063208" title="Australia–Kosovo relations">
Australia–Kosovo relations

Australian–Kosovan relations are foreign relations between Australia and the Republic of Kosovo. Neither country has resident ambassadors. Australia's Ambassador to Kosovo is subordinate to the Embassy in Vienna, Austria.
History.
In 1999, Australia initially refused to join NATO in accepting extra refugees from Kosovo, offering only temporary asylum to visitors trapped in Australia by the war in Yugoslavia. 
This decision was quickly overruled by Prime Minister Howard who authorised nearly 4,000 Kosovo refugees temporary visas to stay in Australia. Also in 1999, Australia provided $500,000 to Kosovar refugees in Australia to teach them how to avoid landmines before flying home. Australia encouraged the voluntary return of many of the 4,000 refugees it had provided temporary protection visas. Refugees were provided with $3,000 each to help them resettle.
In 2000, the forced return of refugees from Kosovo by Australia and numerous other countries was criticised by the head of the United Nations administration in Kosovo, Bernard Kouchner. Australia removed 114 families in a detention centre and deported them despite a last-minute appeal to John Howard, the prime minister.
Australian recognition of Kosovo.
The Assembly of Kosovo unilaterally declared the independence of the United Nations administered territory from Serbia as the Republic of Kosovo on 17 February 2008. Australia recognised the state on 19 February 2008. The decision to recognise the Republic of Kosovo was made despite Australian commentators like Michael McKinley claiming it could adversely affect relations with Russia, China, Romania and Spain. On the day Kosovo declared independence, Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said that "We've already indicated to our diplomatic representatives around the world that this (independence) would be an appropriate course of action". Milivoje Glisic, the Serbian ambassador to Australia, called the declaration of independence illegal, and he was recalled to Belgrade by the Serbian government for consultations on 20 February 2008. The Republic of Kosovo and Australia established diplomatic relations on 21 May 2008.
Australia at the ICJ.
On 30 September 2008, in a trial vote regarding the legality of Kosovo's independence at the United Nations General assembly there was a vote at the request of the Serbian authorities. Australia abstained from this vote.

</doc>
<doc id="19063223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063223" title="Andrew Bruce">
Andrew Bruce

Andrew Bruce may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19063225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063225" title="Alex Hayes">
Alex Hayes

Alex Hayes is a former sports journalist who specialised in football reporting in the UK and France. He previously worked for the The Independent, TPS/Canal Plus and Sky Sports. He is now a respected football agent, whose clients include the likes of Robert Pires and Jérémie Aliadière. He also represents Eric Cantona in the UK.
Biography.
Early career.
Alex Hayes started his journalistic career in magazines, working for Tatler in London as a features assistant between 1996 and 1998.
Newspapers.
He then joined the Independent on Sunday as a football writer, where he reported on the Premier League, the Champions League, the England national team and European football. During his six years at the paper, he used his great language skills to land many exclusive interviews with world-famous players and managers such as Ronaldinho, Eric Cantona, Thierry Henry, Dennis Bergkamp, Johann Cruyff, Franz Beckenbauer, Serge Blanco, Roger Federer, Pete Sampras, John McEnroe, Didier Drogba, Aime Jacquet and Zinedine Zidane.
TV.
In 2004, Alex was recruited by the French TV channel TPS Foot (which was bought out by Canal Plus in 2006) to cover the Premier League. During the next three years, he combined his duties as the full-time UK correspondent for TPS and then Canal Plus with match-day presenting, commentating and reporting. He covered more than 250 Barclays Premier League games during his time at TPS/Canal Plus.
After a brief spell at Setanta, during which time he produced as well as directed an exclusive documentary on Didier Drogba, Alex joined Sky Sports in September 2007 as their Champions League reporter. During his time with Sky, Alex has interviewed such stars as Eric Cantona, Gianfranco Zola, Michel Platini, Karim Benzema, Patrice Evra, Lionel Messi, Gerard Houllier, Didier Drogba and Kaka.
Other career highlights.
Alex is the UK correspondent for the world famous French sports daily newspaper L'Equipe, as well as the most important radio station in France RTL.
He is also a regular contributor to the Daily Telegraph newspaper and Icon Magazine. 
Alex is the author of two books: "The French Revolution", a book about the influence of Gallic footballers in the UK and Claude Makélélé's Autobiography "Tout Simplement".

</doc>
<doc id="19063237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063237" title="Emphasizer">
Emphasizer

Emphasizer is the first full length studio album by Garage A Trois released in 2003. 

</doc>
<doc id="19063258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19063258" title="How to Find the Ideal">
How to Find the Ideal

How to Find the Ideal () is a 2007 Ukrainian comedy directed by Vera Yakovenko and starring Armen Grigoryan.
Plot.
A young romantic girl Masha works in a bank. She is divorced, and is interested in a new relations. She met three men: one is a TV showman, the second is a famous musician, and the third is a scandally-known politician...

</doc>
