<doc id="19009110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009110" title="Rain">
Rain

Rain is liquid water in the form of droplets that have condensed from atmospheric water vapor and then precipitated—that is, become heavy enough to fall under gravity. Rain is a major component of the water cycle and is responsible for depositing most of the fresh water on the Earth. It provides suitable conditions for many types of ecosystem, as well as water for hydroelectric power plants and crop irrigation.
The major cause of rain production is moisture moving along three-dimensional zones of temperature and moisture contrasts known as weather fronts. If enough moisture and upward motion is present, precipitation falls from convective clouds (those with strong upward vertical motion) such as cumulonimbus (thunder clouds) which can organize into narrow rainbands. In mountainous areas, heavy precipitation is possible where upslope flow is maximized within windward sides of the terrain at elevation which forces moist air to condense and fall out as rainfall along the sides of mountains. On the leeward side of mountains, desert climates can exist due to the dry air caused by downslope flow which causes heating and drying of the air mass. The movement of the monsoon trough, or intertropical convergence zone, brings rainy seasons to savannah climes.
The urban heat island effect leads to increased rainfall, both in amounts and intensity, downwind of cities. Global warming is also causing changes in the precipitation pattern globally, including wetter conditions across eastern North America and drier conditions in the tropics. Antarctica is the driest continent. The globally averaged annual precipitation over land is , but over the whole Earth it is much higher at . Climate classification systems such as the Köppen climate classification system use average annual rainfall to help differentiate between differing climate regimes. Rainfall is measured using rain gauges. Rainfall amounts can be estimated by weather radar.
Rain is also known or suspected on other planets, where it may be composed of methane, neon, sulfuric acid or even iron rather than water.
Formation.
Water-saturated air.
Air contains water vapor and the amount of water in a given mass of dry air, known as the "mixing ratio", is measured in grams of water per kilogram of dry air (g/kg). The amount of moisture in air is also commonly reported as relative humidity; which is the percentage of the total water vapor air can hold at a particular air temperature. How much water vapor a parcel of air can contain before it becomes saturated (100% relative humidity) and forms into a cloud (a group of visible and tiny water and ice particles suspended above the Earth's surface) depends on its temperature. Warmer air can contain more water vapor than cooler air before becoming saturated. Therefore, one way to saturate a parcel of air is to cool it. The dew point is the temperature to which a parcel must be cooled in order to become saturated.
There are four main mechanisms for cooling the air to its dew point: adiabatic cooling, conductive cooling, radiational cooling, and evaporative cooling. Adiabatic cooling occurs when air rises and expands. The air can rise due to convection, large-scale atmospheric motions, or a physical barrier such as a mountain (orographic lift). Conductive cooling occurs when the air comes into contact with a colder surface, usually by being blown from one surface to another, for example from a liquid water surface to colder land. Radiational cooling occurs due to the emission of infrared radiation, either by the air or by the surface underneath. Evaporative cooling occurs when moisture is added to the air through evaporation, which forces the air temperature to cool to its wet-bulb temperature, or until it reaches saturation.
The main ways water vapor is added to the air are: wind convergence into areas of upward motion, precipitation or virga falling from above, daytime heating evaporating water from the surface of oceans, water bodies or wet land, transpiration from plants, cool or dry air moving over warmer water, and lifting air over mountains. Water vapor normally begins to condense on condensation nuclei such as dust, ice, and salt in order to form clouds. Elevated portions of weather fronts (which are three-dimensional in nature) force broad areas of upward motion within the Earth's atmosphere which form clouds decks such as altostratus or cirrostratus. Stratus is a stable cloud deck which tends to form when a cool, stable air mass is trapped underneath a warm air mass. It can also form due to the lifting of advection fog during breezy conditions.
Coalescence and fragmentation.
Coalescence occurs when water droplets fuse to create larger water droplets. Air resistance typically causes the water droplets in a cloud to remain stationary. When air turbulence occurs, water droplets collide, producing larger droplets. As these larger water droplets descend, coalescence continues, so that drops become heavy enough to overcome air resistance and fall as rain. Coalescence generally happens most often in clouds above freezing, and is also known as the warm rain process. In clouds below freezing, when ice crystals gain enough mass they begin to fall. This generally requires more mass than coalescence when occurring between the crystal and neighboring water droplets. This process is temperature dependent, as supercooled water droplets only exist in a cloud that is below freezing. In addition, because of the great temperature difference between cloud and ground level, these ice crystals may melt as they fall and become rain.
Raindrops have sizes ranging from mean diameter, above which they tend to break up. Smaller drops are called cloud droplets, and their shape is spherical. As a raindrop increases in size, its shape becomes more oblate, with its largest cross-section facing the oncoming airflow. Large rain drops become increasingly flattened on the bottom, like hamburger buns; very large ones are shaped like parachutes. Contrary to popular belief, their shape does not resemble a teardrop. The biggest raindrops on Earth were recorded over Brazil and the Marshall Islands in 2004 — some of them were as large as . The large size is explained by condensation on large smoke particles or by collisions between drops in small regions with particularly high content of liquid water.
Rain drops associated with melting hail tend to be larger than other rain drops.
Intensity and duration of rainfall are usually inversely related, i.e., high intensity storms are likely to be of short duration and low intensity storms can have a long duration.
Droplet size distribution.
The final droplet size distribution is an exponential distribution. The number of droplets with diameter between formula_1 and formula_2 per unit volume of space is formula_3. This is commonly referred to as the Marshall–Palmer law after the researchers who first characterized it. The parameters are somewhat temperature-dependent, and the slope also scales with the rate of rainfall formula_4 (d in centimeters and R in millimetres per hour).
Deviations can occur for small droplets and during different rainfall conditions. The distribution tends to fit averaged rainfall, while instantaneous size spectra often deviate and have been modeled as gamma distributions. The distribution has an upper limit due to droplet fragmentation.
Raindrop impacts.
Raindrops impact at their terminal velocity, which is greater for larger drops due to their larger mass to drag ratio. At sea level and without wind, drizzle impacts at or , while large drops impact at around or .
Rain falling on loosely packed material such as newly fallen ash can produce dimples that can be fossilized. The air density dependence of the maximum raindrop diameter together with fossil raindrop imprints has been used to constrain the density of the air 2.7 billion years ago.
The sound of raindrops hitting water is caused by bubbles of air oscillating underwater.
The METAR code for rain is RA, while the coding for rain showers is SHRA.
Phantom rain.
Sometimes over the deserts heavy rainclouds are raining down, but because of the hot climate near surface, all rain evaporates before it reaches the ground. Edward Abbey describes it in "Desert Solitaire": "Sometimes it rains and still fails to moisten the desert – the falling water evaporates halfway down between cloud and earth. Then you see curtains of blue rain dangling out of reach in the sky while the living things wither below for want of water. Torture by tantalizing, hope without fulfillment. And the clouds disperse and dissipate into nothingness…” 
Causes.
Frontal activity.
Stratiform (a broad shield of precipitation with a relatively similar intensity) and dynamic precipitation (convective precipitation which is showery in nature with large changes in intensity over short distances) occur as a consequence of slow ascent of air in synoptic systems (on the order of cm/s), such as in the vicinity of cold fronts and near and poleward of surface warm fronts. Similar ascent is seen around tropical cyclones outside of the eyewall, and in comma-head precipitation patterns around mid-latitude cyclones. A wide variety of weather can be found along an occluded front, with thunderstorms possible, but usually their passage is associated with a drying of the air mass. Occluded fronts usually form around mature low-pressure areas. What separates rainfall from other precipitation types, such as ice pellets and snow, is the presence of a thick layer of air aloft which is above the melting point of water, which melts the frozen precipitation well before it reaches the ground. If there is a shallow near surface layer that is below freezing, freezing rain (rain which freezes on contact with surfaces in subfreezing environments) will result. Hail becomes an increasingly infrequent occurrence when the freezing level within the atmosphere exceeds above ground level.
Convection.
Convective rain, or showery precipitation, occurs from convective clouds (e.g., cumulonimbus or cumulus congestus). It falls as showers with rapidly changing intensity. Convective precipitation falls over a certain area for a relatively short time, as convective clouds have limited horizontal extent. Most precipitation in the tropics appears to be convective; however, it has been suggested that stratiform precipitation also occurs. Graupel and hail indicate convection. In mid-latitudes, convective precipitation is intermittent and often associated with baroclinic boundaries such as cold fronts, squall lines, and warm fronts.
Orographic effects.
Orographic precipitation occurs on the windward side of mountains and is caused by the rising air motion of a large-scale flow of moist air across the mountain ridge, resulting in adiabatic cooling and condensation. In mountainous parts of the world subjected to relatively consistent winds (for example, the trade winds), a more moist climate usually prevails on the windward side of a mountain than on the leeward or downwind side. Moisture is removed by orographic lift, leaving drier air (see katabatic wind) on the descending and generally warming, leeward side where a rain shadow is observed.
In Hawaii, Mount Waiʻaleʻale, on the island of Kauai, is notable for its extreme rainfall, as it has the second highest average annual rainfall on Earth, with . Systems known as Kona storms affect the state with heavy rains between October and April. Local climates vary considerably on each island due to their topography, divisible into windward ("Koolau") and leeward ("Kona") regions based upon location relative to the higher mountains. Windward sides face the east to northeast trade winds and receive much more rainfall; leeward sides are drier and sunnier, with less rain and less cloud cover.
In South America, the Andes mountain range blocks Pacific moisture that arrives in that continent, resulting in a desertlike climate just downwind across western Argentina. The Sierra Nevada range creates the same effect in North America forming the Great Basin and Mojave Deserts.
Within the tropics.
The wet, or rainy, season is the time of year, covering one or more months, when most of the average annual rainfall in a region falls. The term "green season" is also sometimes used as a euphemism by tourist authorities. Areas with wet seasons are dispersed across portions of the tropics and subtropics. Savanna climates and areas with monsoon regimes have wet summers and dry winters. Tropical rainforests technically do not have dry or wet seasons, since their rainfall is equally distributed through the year. Some areas with pronounced rainy seasons will see a break in rainfall mid-season when the intertropical convergence zone or monsoon trough move poleward of their location during the middle of the warm season. When the wet season occurs during the warm season, or summer, rain falls mainly during the late afternoon and early evening hours. The wet season is a time when air quality improves, freshwater quality improves, and vegetation grows significantly.
Tropical cyclones, a source of very heavy rainfall, consist of large air masses several hundred miles across with low pressure at the centre and with winds blowing inward towards the centre in either a clockwise direction (southern hemisphere) or counter clockwise (northern hemisphere). Although cyclones can take an enormous toll in lives and personal property, they may be important factors in the precipitation regimes of places they impact, as they may bring much-needed precipitation to otherwise dry regions. Areas in their path can receive a year's worth of rainfall from a tropical cyclone passage.
Human influence.
The fine particulate matter produced by car exhaust and other human sources of pollution forms cloud condensation nuclei, leads to the production of clouds and increases the likelihood of rain. As commuters and commercial traffic cause pollution to build up over the course of the week, the likelihood of rain increases: it peaks by Saturday, after five days of weekday pollution has been built up. In heavily populated areas that are near the coast, such as the United States' Eastern Seaboard, the effect can be dramatic: there is a 22% higher chance of rain on Saturdays than on Mondays. The urban heat island effect warms cities to above surrounding suburbs and rural areas. This extra heat leads to greater upward motion, which can induce additional shower and thunderstorm activity. Rainfall rates downwind of cities are increased between 48% and 116%. Partly as a result of this warming, monthly rainfall is about 28% greater between downwind of cities, compared with upwind. Some cities induce a total precipitation increase of 51%.
Increasing temperatures tend to increase evaporation which can lead to more precipitation. Precipitation generally increased over land north of 30°N from 1900 through 2005 but has declined over the tropics since the 1970s. Globally there has been no statistically significant overall trend in precipitation over the past century, although trends have varied widely by region and over time. Eastern portions of North and South America, northern Europe, and northern and central Asia have become wetter. The Sahel, the Mediterranean, southern Africa and parts of southern Asia have become drier. There has been an increase in the number of heavy precipitation events over many areas during the past century, as well as an increase since the 1970s in the prevalence of droughts—especially in the tropics and subtropics. Changes in precipitation and evaporation over the oceans are suggested by the decreased salinity of mid- and high-latitude waters (implying more precipitation), along with increased salinity in lower latitudes (implying less precipitation and/or more evaporation). Over the contiguous United States, total annual precipitation increased at an average rate of 6.1 percent since 1900, with the greatest increases within the East North Central climate region (11.6 percent per century) and the South (11.1 percent). Hawaii was the only region to show a decrease (−9.25 percent).
The most successful attempts at influencing weather involve cloud seeding, which include techniques used to increase winter precipitation over mountains and suppress hail.
Characteristics.
Patterns.
Rainbands are cloud and precipitation areas which are significantly elongated. Rainbands can be stratiform or convective, and are generated by differences in temperature. When noted on weather radar imagery, this precipitation elongation is referred to as banded structure. Rainbands in advance of warm occluded fronts and warm fronts are associated with weak upward motion, and tend to be wide and stratiform in nature.
Rainbands spawned near and ahead of cold fronts can be squall lines which are able to produce tornadoes. Rainbands associated with cold fronts can be warped by mountain barriers perpendicular to the front's orientation due to the formation of a low-level barrier jet. Bands of thunderstorms can form with sea breeze and land breeze boundaries, if enough moisture is present. If sea breeze rainbands become active enough just ahead of a cold front, they can mask the location of the cold front itself.
Once a cyclone occludes, a trough of warm air aloft, or "trowal" for short, will be caused by strong southerly winds on its eastern periphery rotating aloft around its northeast, and ultimately northwestern, periphery (also known as the warm conveyor belt), forcing a surface trough to continue into the cold sector on a similar curve to the occluded front. The trowal creates the portion of an occluded cyclone known as its comma head, due to the comma-like shape of the mid-tropospheric cloudiness that accompanies the feature. It can also be the focus of locally heavy precipitation, with thunderstorms possible if the atmosphere along the trowal is unstable enough for convection. Banding within the comma head precipitation pattern of an extratropical cyclone can yield significant amounts of rain. Behind extratropical cyclones during fall and winter, rainbands can form downwind of relative warm bodies of water such as the Great Lakes. Downwind of islands, bands of showers and thunderstorms can develop due to low level wind convergence downwind of the island edges. Offshore California, this has been noted in the wake of cold fronts.
Rainbands within tropical cyclones are curved in orientation. Tropical cyclone rainbands contain showers and thunderstorms that, together with the eyewall and the eye, constitute a hurricane or tropical storm. The extent of rainbands around a tropical cyclone can help determine the cyclone's intensity.
Acidity.
The pH of rain varies, especially due to its origin. On America's East Coast, rain that is derived from the Atlantic Ocean typically has a pH of 5.0-5.6; rain that comes across the continental from the west has a pH of 3.8-4.8; and local thunderstorms can have a pH as low as 2.0. Rain becomes acidic primarily due to the presence of two strong acids, sulfuric acid (H2SO4) and nitric acid (HNO3). Sulfuric acid is derived from natural sources such as volcanoes, and wetlands (sulfate reducing bacteria); and anthropogenic sources such as the combustion of fossil fuels, and mining where H2S is present. Nitric acid is produced by natural sources such as lightning, soil bacteria, and natural fires; while also produced anthropogenically by the combustion of fossil fuels and from power plants. In the past 20 years the concentrations of nitric and sulfuric acid has decreased in presence of rainwater, which may be due to the significant increase in ammonium (most likely as ammonia from livestock production), which acts as a buffer in acid rain and raises the pH.
Köppen climate classification.
[Koppen Map.png|thumb|right|400px|Updated Köppen-Geiger climate map
The Köppen classification depends on average monthly values of temperature and precipitation. The most commonly used form of the Köppen classification has five primary types labeled A through E. Specifically, the primary types are A, tropical; B, dry; C, mild mid-latitude; D, cold mid-latitude; and E, polar. The five primary classifications can be further divided into secondary classifications such as rain forest, monsoon, tropical savanna, humid subtropical, humid continental, oceanic climate, Mediterranean climate, steppe, subarctic climate, tundra, polar ice cap, and desert.
Rain forests are characterized by high rainfall, with definitions setting minimum normal annual rainfall between . A tropical savanna is a grassland biome located in semi-arid to semi-humid climate regions of subtropical and tropical latitudes, with rainfall between a year. They are widespread on Africa, and are also found in India, the northern parts of South America, Malaysia, and Australia. The humid subtropical climate zone where winter rainfall is associated with large storms that the westerlies steer from west to east. Most summer rainfall occurs during thunderstorms and from occasional tropical cyclones. Humid subtropical climates lie on the east side continents, roughly between latitudes 20° and 40° degrees away from the equator.
An oceanic (or maritime) climate is typically found along the west coasts at the middle latitudes of all the world's continents, bordering cool oceans, as well as southeastern Australia, and is accompanied by plentiful precipitation year round. The Mediterranean climate regime resembles the climate of the lands in the Mediterranean Basin, parts of western North America, parts of Western and South Australia, in southwestern South Africa and in parts of central Chile. The climate is characterized by hot, dry summers and cool, wet winters. A steppe is a dry grassland. Subarctic climates are cold with continuous permafrost and little precipitation.
Measurement.
Gauges.
Rain is measured in units of length per unit time, typically in millimeters per hour, or in countries where imperial units are more common, inches per hour. The "length", or more accurately, "depth" being measured is the depth of rain water that would accumulate on a flat, horizontal and impermeable surface during a given amount of time, typically an hour. One millimeter of rainfall is the equivalent of one liter of water per square meter.
The standard way of measuring rainfall or snowfall is the standard rain gauge, which can be found in 100-mm (4-in) plastic and 200-mm (8-in) metal varieties. The inner cylinder is filled by of rain, with overflow flowing into the outer cylinder. Plastic gauges have markings on the inner cylinder down to resolution, while metal gauges require use of a stick designed with the appropriate markings. After the inner cylinder is filled, the amount inside it is discarded, then filled with the remaining rainfall in the outer cylinder until all the fluid in the outer cylinder is gone, adding to the overall total until the outer cylinder is empty. Other types of gauges include the popular wedge gauge (the cheapest rain gauge and most fragile), the tipping bucket rain gauge, and the weighing rain gauge. For those looking to measure rainfall the most inexpensively, a can that is cylindrical with straight sides will act as a rain gauge if left out in the open, but its accuracy will depend on what ruler is used to measure the rain with. Any of the above rain gauges can be made at home, with enough know-how.
When a precipitation measurement is made, various networks exist across the United States and elsewhere where rainfall measurements can be submitted through the Internet, such as CoCoRAHS or GLOBE. If a network is not available in the area where one lives, the nearest local weather or met office will likely be interested in the measurement.
Remote sensing.
One of the main uses of weather radar is to be able to assess the amount of precipitations fallen over large basins for hydrological purposes. For instance, river flood control, sewer management and dam construction are all areas where planners use rainfall accumulation data. Radar-derived rainfall estimates compliment surface station data which can be used for calibration. To produce radar accumulations, rain rates over a point are estimated by using the value of reflectivity data at individual grid points. A radar equation is then used, which is,
where Z represents the radar reflectivity, R represents the rainfall rate, and A and b are constants. Satellite derived rainfall estimates use passive microwave instruments aboard polar orbiting as well as geostationary weather satellites to indirectly measure rainfall rates. If one wants an accumulated rainfall over a time period, one has to add up all the accumulations from each grid box within the images during that time.
Intensity.
Rainfall intensity is classified according to the rate of precipitation:
Euphemisms for a heavy or violent rain include gully washer, trash-mover and toad-strangler.
Return period.
The likelihood or probability of an event with a specified intensity and duration, is called the return period or frequency. The intensity of a storm can be predicted for any return period and storm duration, from charts based on historic data for the location. The term "1 in 10 year storm" describes a rainfall event which is rare and is only likely to occur once every 10 years, so it has a 10 percent likelihood any given year. The rainfall will be greater and the flooding will be worse than the worst storm expected in any single year. The term "1 in 100 year storm" describes a rainfall event which is extremely rare and which will occur with a likelihood of only once in a century, so has a 1 percent likelihood in any given year. The rainfall will be extreme and flooding to be worse than a 1 in 10 year event. As with all probability events, it is possible, though improbable, to have multiple "1 in 100 Year Storms" in a single year.
Forecasting.
The Quantitative Precipitation Forecast (abbreviated QPF) is the expected amount of liquid precipitation accumulated over a specified time period over a specified area. A QPF will be specified when a measurable precipitation type reaching a minimum threshold is forecast for any hour during a QPF valid period. Precipitation forecasts tend to be bound by synoptic hours such as 0000, 0600, 1200 and 1800 GMT. Terrain is considered in QPFs by use of topography or based upon climatological precipitation patterns from observations with fine detail. Starting in the mid to late 1990s, QPFs were used within hydrologic forecast models to simulate impact to rivers throughout the United States. Forecast models show significant sensitivity to humidity levels within the planetary boundary layer, or in the lowest levels of the atmosphere, which decreases with height. QPF can be generated on a quantitative, forecasting amounts, or a qualitative, forecasting the probability of a specific amount, basis. Radar imagery forecasting techniques show higher skill than model forecasts within 6 to 7 hours of the time of the radar image. The forecasts can be verified through use of rain gauge measurements, weather radar estimates, or a combination of both. Various skill scores can be determined to measure the value of the rainfall forecast.
Impact.
Effect on agriculture.
Precipitation, especially rain, has a dramatic effect on agriculture. All plants need at least some water to survive, therefore rain (being the most effective means of watering) is important to agriculture. While a regular rain pattern is usually vital to healthy plants, too much or too little rainfall can be harmful, even devastating to crops. Drought can kill crops and increase erosion, while overly wet weather can cause harmful fungus growth. Plants need varying amounts of rainfall to survive. For example, certain cacti require small amounts of water, while tropical plants may need up to hundreds of inches of rain per year to survive.
In areas with wet and dry seasons, soil nutrients diminish and erosion increases during the wet season. Animals have adaptation and survival strategies for the wetter regime. The previous dry season leads to food shortages into the wet season, as the crops have yet to mature. Developing countries have noted that their populations show seasonal weight fluctuations due to food shortages seen before the first harvest, which occurs late in the wet season. Rain may be harvested through the use of rainwater tanks; treated to potable use or for non-potable use indoors or for irrigation. Excessive rain during short periods of time can cause flash floods.
In culture.
Cultural attitudes towards rain differ across the world. In temperate climates, people tend to be more stressed when the weather is unstable or cloudy, with its impact greater on men than women. Rain can also bring joy, as some consider it to be soothing or enjoy the aesthetic appeal of it. In dry places, such as India, or during periods of drought, rain lifts people's moods. In Botswana, the Setswana word for rain, "pula", is used as the name of the national currency, in recognition of the economic importance of rain in this desert country. Several cultures have developed means of dealing with rain and have developed numerous protection devices such as umbrellas and raincoats, and diversion devices such as gutters and storm drains that lead rains to sewers. Many people find the scent during and immediately after rain pleasant or distinctive. The source of this scent is petrichor, an oil produced by plants, then absorbed by rocks and soil, and later released into the air during rainfall.
Global climatology.
Approximately of water falls as precipitation each year across the globe with of it over the oceans. Given the Earth's surface area, that means the globally averaged annual precipitation is . Deserts are defined as areas with an average annual precipitation of less than per year, or as areas where more water is lost by evapotranspiration than falls as precipitation.
Deserts.
The northern half of Africa is primarily desert or arid, containing the Sahara. Across Asia, a large annual rainfall minimum, composed primarily of deserts, stretches from the Gobi desert in Mongolia west-southwest through western Pakistan (Balochistan) and Iran into the Arabian desert in Saudi Arabia. Most of Australia is semi-arid or desert, making it the world's driest inhabited continent. In South America, the Andes mountain range blocks Pacific moisture that arrives in that continent, resulting in a desertlike climate just downwind across western Argentina. The drier areas of the United States are regions where the Sonoran desert overspreads the Desert Southwest, the Great Basin and central Wyoming.
Polar desert.
Since rain only falls as liquid, in frozen temperatures, rain can not fall. As a result, very cold climates see very little rainfall and are often known as polar deserts. A common biome in this area is the tundra which has a short summer thaw and a long frozen winter. Ice caps see no rain at all, making Antarctica the world's driest continent.
Rainforests.
Rainforests are areas of the world with very high rainfall. Both tropical and temperate rainforests exist. Tropical rainforests occupy a large band of the planet mostly along the equator. Most temperate rainforests are located on mountainous west coasts between 45 and 55 degrees latitude, but they are often found in other areas.
Around 40-75% of all biotic life is found in rainforests. Rainforests are also responsible for 28% of the world's oxygen turnover.
Monsoons.
The equatorial region near the Intertropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ), or monsoon trough, is the wettest portion of the world's continents. Annually, the rain belt within the tropics marches northward by August, then moves back southward into the Southern Hemisphere by February and March. Within Asia, rainfall is favored across its southern portion from India east and northeast across the Philippines and southern China into Japan due to the monsoon advecting moisture primarily from the Indian Ocean into the region. The monsoon trough can reach as far north as the 40th parallel in East Asia during August before moving southward thereafter. Its poleward progression is accelerated by the onset of the summer monsoon which is characterized by the development of lower air pressure (a thermal low) over the warmest part of Asia. Similar, but weaker, monsoon circulations are present over North America and Australia. During the summer, the Southwest monsoon combined with Gulf of California and Gulf of Mexico moisture moving around the subtropical ridge in the Atlantic ocean bring the promise of afternoon and evening thunderstorms to the southern tier of the United States as well as the Great Plains. The eastern half of the contiguous United States east of the 98th meridian, the mountains of the Pacific Northwest, and the Sierra Nevada range are the wetter portions of the nation, with average rainfall exceeding per year. Tropical cyclones enhance precipitation across southern sections of the United States, as well as Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, and American Samoa.
Impact of the Westerlies.
Westerly flow from the mild north Atlantic leads to wetness across western Europe, in particular Ireland and the United Kingdom, where the western coasts can receive between , at sea-level and , on the mountains of rain per year. Bergen, Norway is one of the more famous European rain-cities with its yearly precipitation of on average. During the fall, winter, and spring, Pacific storm systems bring most of Hawaii and the western United States much of their precipitation. Over the top of the ridge, the jet stream brings a summer precipitation maximum to the Great Lakes. Large thunderstorm areas known as mesoscale convective complexes move through the Plains, Midwest, and Great Lakes during the warm season, contributing up to 10% of the annual precipitation to the region.
The El Niño-Southern Oscillation affects the precipitation distribution, by altering rainfall patterns across the western United States, Midwest, the Southeast, and throughout the tropics. There is also evidence that global warming is leading to increased precipitation to the eastern portions of North America, while droughts are becoming more frequent in the tropics and subtropics.
Wettest known locations.
Cherrapunji, situated on the southern slopes of the Eastern Himalaya in Shillong, India is the confirmed wettest place on Earth, with an average annual rainfall of . The highest recorded rainfall in a single year was in 1861. The 38-year average at nearby Mawsynram, Meghalaya, India is . The wettest spot in Australia is Mount Bellenden Ker in the north-east of the country which records an average of per year, with over of rain recorded during 2000. Mount Waiʻaleʻale on the island of Kauaʻi in the Hawaiian Islands averages more than of rain per year over the last 32 years, with a record in 1982. Its summit is considered one of the rainiest spots on earth. It has been promoted in tourist literature for many years as the wettest spot in the world. Lloró, a town situated in Chocó, Colombia, is probably the place with the largest rainfall in the world, averaging per year. The Department of Chocó is extraordinarily humid. Tutunendaó, a small town situated in the same department, is one of the wettest estimated places on Earth, averaging per year; in 1974 the town received , the largest annual rainfall measured in Colombia. Unlike Cherrapunji, which receives most of its rainfall between April and September, Tutunendaó receives rain almost uniformly distributed throughout the year. Quibdó, the capital of Chocó, receives the most rain in the world among cities with over 100,000 inhabitants: per year. Storms in Chocó can drop of rainfall in a day. This amount is more than falls in many cities in a year's time.
Outside of Earth.
On Titan, Saturn's largest moon, infrequent methane rain is thought to carve the moon's numerous surface channels. On Venus, sulfuric acid virga evaporates from the surface. There is likely to be rain of various compositions in the upper atmospheres of the gas giants, as well as precipitation of liquid neon in the deep atmospheres. Extrasolar planet OGLE-TR-56b in the constellation Sagittarius is hypothesized to have iron rain.

</doc>
<doc id="19009117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009117" title="Bupyeongsamgeori Station">
Bupyeongsamgeori Station

Bupyeongsamgeori Station is a subway station on Line 1 of the Incheon Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19009120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009120" title="Princess of Portugal">
Princess of Portugal

This is a list of Princesses of Portugal, since 1388, both by marriage and birth. In 1645, the title became Princess of Brazil.
Princess of Portugal.
By birth.
"This is a list of Princess of Portugal who held the title by their own rights:"
By marriage.
"This is a list of Princess of Portugal who held the title by their marriage to the Prince of Portugal:"

</doc>
<doc id="19009121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009121" title="Index of Cayman Islands-related articles">
Index of Cayman Islands-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the British Overseas Territory of the Cayman Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="19009125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009125" title="1971 Harco work-in">
1971 Harco work-in

The 1971 Harco work-in was an action undertaken by workers at a steel plant in Campbelltown, New South Wales, Australia. The work-in was the culmination of a protracted industrial dispute between the owners of Harco Steel and the workers at the Campbelltown site. The dispute arose as a result of worker objections to the owners' practice of sacking and then rehiring workers to reduce costs during low production periods.
After a round of sackings in November 1971, the workers decided that strike action, common at the site, was no longer an effective tactic for confronting management. Drawing inspiration from factory occupations in France since 1968 and actions taken by the Upper Clyde Shipbuilders in Scotland earlier in 1971, the Harco workers adopted the tactic of the work-in.
The work-in lasted for a period of four weeks. During this time the plant was operated by the workers without input from management. The owners of Harco responded in a number of ways, including sabotage and legal action. Workers received community support in the form of donations of food and money. The work-in ended when Harco obtained an order from the Supreme Court of New South Wales which compelled the workers to leave the site.

</doc>
<doc id="19009126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009126" title="Mohammed ibn Rushayd">
Mohammed ibn Rushayd

Mohammed Ibn Rushayd or Muhibb al-Din Abu Abdallah Mohammed ibn Umar ibn Rushayd al-Fihri al-Sabti (1259–1321)
(Ar:ابن رشيد الفهري، أبو عبد الله محمد بن عمر ) was a judge, writer and scholar of Hadith, born in Sabta, Spain. He is especially famous as a traveller and author of a well-known rihla. He was a near contemporary of Ibn Battuta (1304–1377) and the author of 18 works.

</doc>
<doc id="19009135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009135" title="Ganseogogeori Station">
Ganseogogeori Station

Ganseogogeori Station is a subway station on Line 1 of the Incheon Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19009142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009142" title="At the Close of a Century">
At the Close of a Century

At the Close of a Century is a box set album of Stevie Wonder's greatest hits from the 1960s through the 1990s. The box set spans four CDs and the songs are placed in chronological order. It reached #100 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19009157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009157" title="Incheon City Hall Station">
Incheon City Hall Station

Incheon City Hall Station is a subway station on Line 1 of the Incheon Subway. It will become a transfer station with Incheon Subway Line 2 in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19009159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009159" title="Level Five (film)">
Level Five (film)

Level Five is a 1997 French documentary film directed by Chris Marker and starring Catherine Belkhodja.

</doc>
<doc id="19009166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009166" title="Hurst Castle And Lymington River Estuary">
Hurst Castle And Lymington River Estuary

Hurst Castle And Lymington River Estuary () is a 1109.93 hectare biological and geological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), in southwest Hampshire, notified in 1961.
It includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19009171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009171" title="Mastodon discography">
Mastodon discography

The discography of heavy metal band Mastodon consists of five studio albums, two live albums, two compilation albums, two video albums, seven extended plays, thirteen singles and thirteen music videos.
The band was formed in 1999 by guitarists Brent Hinds and Bill Kelliher, bassist and vocalist Troy Sanders, and drummer Brann Dailor, in Atlanta, Georgia. Mastodon released their debut extended play, "Lifesblood", in 2001, followed by the band's first studio album album in 2002, "Remission". Both recordings were issued through Relapse Records. After a tour promoting the album "Remission", Mastodon released their second studio album, "Leviathan", in August 2004. In February 2006, Mastodon released two records — first, a compilation of early recordings, titled "Call of the Mastodon", and shortly after, the video album, "The Workhorse Chronicles". This same year marked the band's debut on a major label. They released "Blood Mountain" through Reprise Records, peaking at number 32 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. Mastodon released "Crack the Skye" in 2009, which entered the "Billboard" 200 at number 11.

</doc>
<doc id="19009178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009178" title="Level five">
Level five

Level Five or Level 5 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19009181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009181" title="Georgian Railways">
Georgian Railways

Georgian Railway LLC (, Sakartvelos Rkinigza) is the national railway company of Georgia.
A vital artery linking the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea, it sits on the shortest route between Europe and Central Asia. Built to standard Russian gauge, at present the fully electrified mainline of the Georgian Railway is 1323.9 km in length, consisting of 1422 bridges, 32 tunnels, 22 passenger and 114 goods stations.
History.
Founded in 1865, operations started in 1871 between Poti and Kvirila (present day Zestaponi). The first passenger train ran on October 10, 1872, from Poti to Tbilisi central station.
From this central spine, the railway network expanded with links to: Rioni to Kutaisi (1877), Rioni-Tkibuli (1887), Zestafoni to Chiatura (1895). The Tbilisi to Baku line became operational in 1883, allowing transportation of Azerbaijan oil through the port of Batumi. In 1899 the railway connection between Georgia and Armenia was established. The Khashuri to Borjomi link () was built in 1894, with the Borjomi to Bakuriani narrow-gauge line () operational from 1902, to serve the higher level skiing community. The Kakheti railway branch line was completed in 1915.
The second major development of Georgian railways was due to rapid industrialisation and need for better distribution of agricultural products, including tea, citrus and wine produce. This resulted in the construction of the branch lines to: Natanebi-Ozurgeti (1924); Brotseula-Tskaltubo (1934), Senaki-Ingiri-Gali (1930), Gali-Ochamchire-Sokhumi (1938), Gori-Tskhinvali (1940). The construction of the Sokhumi-Adler allowing direct connection to the Russian railway network started during the World War II, and was in full operation by 1949.
The new Marabda to Akhalkalaki line opened on 31 December 1986. Presently, plans are under way to rehabilitate this line and extend to across the Turkish border to Kars, thus re-creating a direct Kars–Tbilisi–Baku route. (Between 1899 and 1993, rail travel between Kars and Tbilisi was possible via Gyumri (Alexandropol, Leninakan), but that route was broken in 1993 with the closing of the Turkish-Armenian border.)
Infrastructure.
Due to the challenging mountainous geography of Georgia, railway engineers have often been faced with some difficult challenges. In 1890 the dual tracking of the Tsipa tunnel was completed, allowing faster passage of East-West traffic.
On August 16, 1932 for the first time in the USSR, the first electric traction train ran in the Surami pass. The General Electric Company produced the initial eight electric locomotives of Class S for the service, followed by an additional 21 Class Ss built by the Kolomna and Dinamo works between 1932 and 1934. By November 1967 all Georgian railway was electrified, including the Borjomi-Bakuriani narrow-gauge line. (Some lines are no longer electrically operated due to political and economic instability and war, particularly in Abkhazia and South Ossetia.) 
Post World War II, from 1946 the USSR army engineers with the prospect of connection to their system introduced modern communications, automatisation and Automatic Block Signalling systems. This was followed by the introduction of on train and guard radio communication systems, a process which was completed by 1949.
Present day.
Following the dissolution of the USSR, the Georgian Government took control of many of the key assets of the new country, and undertook an aggressive privatisation campaign. The railway assets of Georgia were formed into the new 100% government owned company The Georgian Railway LLC, which operates under the public law of the Enterprise Management Agency, part of the Ministry of Economic Development. It is charged with both management and maintenance of the rail infrastructure, as well as all operations of passenger and freight services. The team which forms the management body consist of: The Assembly of Partners, Supervisory Board and the Board of Directors.
Incidents.
Following the 2008 South Ossetia war, Russian army forces entered parts of Georgia and damaged key Georgian assets. This included a railway bridge near the western Georgian town of Kaspi, and application of mines to the mainline west of Gori resulted in the complete derailment and resultant fire of an oil train.
The lines located in Abkhazia and South Ossetia are not under control of Georgian Railway. Lines from Nikozi to Tskhinvali (5 km) and from Ochamchira to Inguri River are not in use; much of the track and overhead on these two lines has been looted, and stations such as Gali have been destroyed or heavily damaged. Lines from Psou River to Ochamchira and from Ochamchira to Tkvarcheli are operated by Abkhazian Railways.
Modernization.
Until 2004 Georgian Railway had been significantly affected by corruption. On the one hand, modernization and maintenance of the railway was neglected; for example, out of 11,000 rail cars, only 7,000 were in operation. On the other hand the football stadium of Lokomotiv Tbilisi, the team of Georgian Railway, had one of the most modern sports sites in the country. General manager Akaki Tschchaidse was arrested in 2004 and spent several months in custody, before he redeemed himself for 3 million US dollars.
The railway company was restructured in the same year, and the general manager became subordinate to a supervisory board. From June 2004 until October 2005 David Onoprishvili, a former finance minister and a professor at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee, was general manager. He reformed management and assigned the American consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton to conduct an organizational appraisal. 
As part of a modernization program, 2,445 employees were laid off, while wages for remaining employees were increased by about 17 percent. Tariffs for goods (freight) transport were lowered, while modernized, air-conditioned rail cars and express services were launched for passengers. A program of new and renovated station buildings commenced in 2006. The station building of the Tbilisi central station, excluding the rail infrastructure, was reconstructed and officially inaugurated in May 2010. The stations Makhinjauri (a suburb of Batumi) and Kobuleti also received new station buildings. 
The direct railway line through the center of Tbilisi will be replaced by a bypass north of Tbilisi in the coming years. The central station will be closed to passengers, and the existing infrastructure will be dismantled. Instead of a central station, two Tbilisi stations, the Didube station in the northwest part of the city, and the Navtlugi (Samgori) station in the east, will become stub-end stations served only by passenger trains. Because of this, through passenger service and direct passenger transfers will not be possible in the future.
However, instead of the expected reduction of environmental and traffic problems, the reductions are expected to cause more traffic problems, due to the fact that the surface (bus and trolleybus) and underground (Metro) public transport system of Tbilisi is oriented toward the central station. As a result, Western European transportation specialists and railway companies strongly disagree with the solutions recommended by Booz Allen.

</doc>
<doc id="19009193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009193" title="Arts Center Station">
Arts Center Station

Arts Center Station is a subway station on Line 1 of the Incheon Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19009196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009196" title="Bernard Hopkins vs. Félix Trinidad">
Bernard Hopkins vs. Félix Trinidad

Bernard Hopkins vs. Félix Trinidad, billed as And Then There Was One, was a boxing match that took place on September 29, 2001, at Madison Square Garden in New York City, between WBC & IBF middleweight champion Bernard Hopkins and WBA middleweight champion Félix Trinidad to unify all three titles and decide the first undisputed middleweight champion since Marvin Hagler. The winner would also become the "The Ring" middleweight champion.
General information.
Hopkins had made 12 consecutive title defenses as a middleweight and was looking to make it 14, tying him with Carlos Monzón for record defences. At around the same time, Félix Trinidad had cleaned out the Welterweight division defeating everybody in front of him including a win over Oscar De La Hoya. Following this he made the move to Super Welterweight defeating Fernando Vargas and was by this time considered to be one of the best boxers in the world by many. He then decided to move up to middleweight, Don King had then organized a middleweight tournament featuring Keith Holmes, William Joppy, Bernard Hopkins & Félix Trinidad.
On April 14, 2001, Hopkins defeated Keith Holmes by unanimous decision to retain IBF middleweight championship and also capture the WBC belt. By defeating Holmes, Hopkins advanced to the final.
The bout was originally scheduled for September 15, 2001, but because of the September 11 terrorist attacks it was postponed for two weeks until September 29.
Bout summary.
The fight begins slowly, with both fighters circling the ring at a distance and trading jabs in a close first round.
The second round follows suit, with Hopkins and Trinidad still feeling each other out and staying away from one another. Hopkins lands the first big punch of the fight, an overhand right just before the bell.
Hopkins begins to get comfortable in the third and take the fight to Trinidad, landing his jab consistently from the outside.
In the fourth, the pace picks up and Trinidad lands his first power punches of the night. Hopkins takes the punches well and comes back with big blows of his own in the round's closing seconds.
Hopkins, typically known for his brawling style, continues to go against form in the fifth by constantly moving around the ring and outboxing Trinidad. The style seems to confuse Trinidad, who gets caught by good shots throughout the round.
Trinidad has his best round in the sixth, backing Hopkins against the ropes and landing multiple left hooks. It is the first round that clearly goes to Trinidad.
The pace slows again in the seventh as both fighters look to catch their second wind. Hopkins remains the more mobile fighter, dancing away from most of Trinidad's punches. Hopkins is really beginning to outclass Trinidad and lands numerous good combinations. Trinidad gamely continues to come forward, but cannot find the target with any big shots.
Trinidad senses he is in trouble and comes out firing in the tenth. But after throwing several flurries that do no damage, it appears he has punched himself out. Hopkins lands huge punches in the last minute and stuns Trinidad with a right to the chin just before the bell.
Trinidad comes for the eleventh on very shaky legs. By contrast Hopkins is looking completely fresh and Trinidad begins to hold on in desperation.
Before the last round, Trinidad is slumped in his corner exhausted, while Hopkins smiles and looks animated on his stool. Hopkins lands punch after punch on an obviously beaten Trinidad. Midway through the round, he connects with a huge right to the chin that leaves Trinidad crumpled on the canvas. Trinidad is in no condition to finish the fight and no-one would dispute Smoger's decision to stop the action.
At the time of the stoppage, Bernard Hopkins was leading the bout on all three judges scorecards. Don Ackerman had the bout 109-100 whilst both Stanley Christodoulou & Anek Hongtongkam scored the bout 107-102 all in favour of Bernard Hopkins. HBO unofficial ringside scorer Harold Lederman had Hopkins up 108-101.
Undercard.
Confirmed bouts:
Aftermath.
After the fight, Bernard Hopkins was named 2001 Ring Magazine Fighter of the Year, and also won this award from the World Boxing Hall of Fame.
Félix Trinidad would go on to fight Hacini Cherifi before announcing his retirement from boxing. He would then make several come backs, defeating Ricardo Mayorga and losing to Winky Wright and Roy Jones Jr.. In September 2009, Trinidad announced that he had officially retired from Boxing. His father, Félix Trinidad, Sr. announced that his son had not even entered a gym following his January 2008 defeat to Roy Jones Jr.
Bernard Hopkins would go on to defeat several big names, including Oscar De La Hoya & William Joppy as well as defending his middleweight title a further six times, making it twenty defences before finally being dethroned by Jermain Taylor. Following the two Taylor fights, Hopkins would defeat 3-to-1 betting favourite, Antonio Tarver. He then defeated Winky Wright in a catchweight 170 lb fight. Following this he lost a close split decision to Joe Calzaghe, but rebounded with a dominant victory over undefeated middleweight champion, Kelly Pavlik. On the 21st May 2011, Hopkins at the age of 46 became the oldest world champion in boxing history by defeating Jean Pascal by unanimous decision for the WBC and The Ring Light Heavyweight Championship.
Rematch.
Following his victory over Kelly Pavlik, Hopkins began a search for an opponent. Many names were thrown around including; Tomasz Adamek, Chad Dawson, 
Steve Cunningham as well as potential rematches with Roy Jones Jr, Glen Johnson & Joe Calzaghe. None of the afformentioned bouts materialised and Hopkins received an approach from Don King about a potential rematch with Trinidad. Representatives for the pair met but were unable to thrash out a deal. Bernard Hopkins instead opted to face Enrique Ornelas and to fight Roy Jones Jr in a rematch. He won both bouts by unanimous decision.

</doc>
<doc id="19009220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009220" title="Market Harborough rail accident">
Market Harborough rail accident

The accident occurred when a vehicle driven by Simon Handy plunged off the A6 near Market Harborough, Leicestershire on the morning of 22 March 2005.
The car was hit by the 05:21 Sheffield to London St. Pancras Midland Mainline service that was carrying about 100 passengers. Mr Handy managed to escape from his car before the train hit with only minor facial injuries and was taken to Kettering General Hospital.
The train was due to stop at Market Harborough and as a result hit the car at around only 75 mph, not causing it to derail. No injuries were reported on the train.
Mr Handy admitted careless driving at Market Harborough Magistrates Court on the 26 July and was fined £200 and banned for nine months.

</doc>
<doc id="19009224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009224" title="Incheon Bus Terminal Station">
Incheon Bus Terminal Station

Incheon Bus Terminal Station is a subway station on Line 1 of the Incheon Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19009225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009225" title="Radomir Lukić">
Radomir Lukić

Radomir Lukić () (August 31, 1914 - May 31, 1999) was a prolific Serbian jurist, a scholar of philosophy and sociology of law. He was born in Miloševac near Velika Plana, Serbia.
His parents died when he was very young and he had a difficult childhood. Lukić graduated from the University of Belgrade's Law School in 1933 as an excellent student and received a Ph.D. degree in Paris in 1939. He became a Professor of Law at the University of Belgrade Faculty of Law at the unusually early age of 26, and between 1958-1960 was the dean of the Faculty of Law.
He taught a number of important courses, including Theory of State and Law, Philosophy of Law, General Sociology and Methodology of Jurisprudence. He was a visiting lecturer at Grenoble, Paris, Nice, Warsaw, Moscow and Köln.
Lukić is known for writing the first textbook on sociology in the former Yugoslavia.
The University of Belgrade Faculty of Law named its main lecture hall in his memory, and established the Radomir Lukić Foundation to honor of his scholarship.

</doc>
<doc id="19009229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009229" title="Carolina Östberg">
Carolina Östberg

Carolina Östberg (May 17 1853 – 1929) was a Swedish opera singer and singing teacher. She was one of the most popular stars of her time in Sweden, and was internationally known. 
Östberg, the daughter of a barber-surgeon, displayed a natural musical talent at an early age. She was a student at Dramatens elevskola from 1869 to 1873 and a student of Signe Hebbe. She was active as a concert singer before she debuted at Stora Teatern at the 1873–74 season with Louise Pyk. Both Östbeg and Pyk made a huge success. She was given a contract after her part as "Carlo Broschi" in "Hälften var" (Half each), a part which was to be her most popular. 
When she retired after her marriage in 1877, it was seen as a great loss, as she had managed to become one of her country's most noted singers. When she was unexpectedly launched in the lead role of "Boccaccio" in Nya Teatern in 1879, "The applause never seemed to stop", and the press demanded that she be given a position at the Royal Swedish Opera. She performed in Copenhagen (1880), Germany (1882–83), Norway (1885), and Nya Teatern in Stockholm under the name Mrs Östberg. 
In 1886, Östberg was employed at the Royal Swedish Opera, which was seen as the triumph of the audience over the operatic management; "The Public had had its will" over the opera, after having demanded that she be employed there for years. She stayed there for her remaining career, except for a tour in USA in 1892–94. She was compared to Louise Michaeli. She was given Litteris et Artibus in 1891, and again, with brilliants, in 1900, and was in 1897 inducted into the Royal Swedish Academy of Music. In 1905, she made nine recordings on gramophone. She retired in 1906 and was later active as a singing teacher. 
Among her parts were the title role of "La Gioconda", Sieglinde in "Die Walküre", Alice in "Falstaff", Marguerite de Valois in "Les Huguenots" and the title role in "Aida". 

</doc>
<doc id="19009230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009230" title="Hybrid positioning system">
Hybrid positioning system

Hybrid positioning systems are systems for finding the location of a mobile device using several different positioning technologies. Usually GPS (Global Positioning System) is one major component of such systems, combined with cell tower signals, wireless internet signals, Bluetooth sensors, IP addresses and network environment data, or other local Positioning Systems.
These systems are specifically designed to overcome the limitations of GPS, which is very exact in open areas, but works poorly indoors or between tall buildings (the urban canyon effect). By comparison, cell tower signals are not hindered by buildings or bad weather, but usually provide less precise positioning. Wi-Fi positioning systems may give very exact positioning, in urban areas with high Wi-Fi density - and depend on a comprehensive database of Wi-Fi access points.
Hybrid positioning systems are increasingly being explored for certain civilian and commercial location-based services and location-based media, which need to work well in urban areas in order to be commercially and practically viable.
Hybrid positioning systems are developed and used in services from Unwired Labs LocationAPI, Combain Mobile,AlterGeo, Devicescape, Navizon, Google Maps for Mobile, openBmap, Opencellid for application in smartphones, PlaceEngine, Skyhook Wireless, Xtify. The maturity of the approaches used by these systems needs to be proved in operational use.
Early works in this area include the Place Lab project, which started on 2003 and went inactive in 2006. Later methods let smartphones combine the accuracy of GPS with the low power consumption of cell-ID transition point finding.

</doc>
<doc id="19009235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009235" title="Munhak Sports Complex Station">
Munhak Sports Complex Station

Munhak Sports Complex Station is a subway station on Line 1 of the Incheon Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19009244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009244" title="Toast">
Toast

Toast is bread that has been browned by exposing to radiant heat. This browning is the result of a Maillard reaction, altering the flavor of the bread as well as making it firmer so it holds toppings more securely. Toasting is a common method of making stale bread more palatable.
Toasting methods.
In a modern kitchen, the usual method of toasting bread is by the use of a toaster, an electrical appliance made for that purpose. To use a modern toaster, sliced bread is placed into the narrow slots on the top of the toaster, the toaster is tuned to the correct setting (some may have more elaborate settings than others) and a lever on the front is pushed down. The toast is ready when the lever pops up along with the toast. If the bread is insufficiently toasted, the lever can be pressed down again. 
Bread can also be toasted under a grill (or broiler), in an open oven, or lying on an oven rack. Toaster ovens are special small appliances made for toasting bread or for heating small amounts of other foods.
Bread can also be toasted by holding it near but not directly over an open flame, such as a campfire or fireplace; special toasting utensils (e.g. toasting forks) are made for this purpose. Before the invention of modern cooking appliances such as toasters and grills, this was the only available method of producing toast.
Toast is made using slices of bread. Many brands of ready sliced bread are available, some specifically marketing their suitability for toasting.
Consumption.
Toast is most commonly eaten with butter or margarine spread over it, and may be served with preserves, spreads, or other toppings in addition to or instead of butter. Toast with jam or marmalade is popular. A few other condiments that can be enjoyed with toast are chocolate spread, cream cheese, and peanut butter. Yeast extracts such as Marmite in the UK, New Zealand and South Africa, and Vegemite in Australia are national traditions. Some sandwiches call for toast to be used rather than bread. The BLT is a prime example of this.
Toast is an important component of many breakfasts, and is also important in some traditional bland specialty diets for people with gastrointestinal problems such as diarrhea.
In the United Kingdom, a dish popular with children is a soft-boiled egg eaten with toast soldiers at breakfast. Strips of toast (the soldiers) are dipped into the runny yolk of a boiled egg through a hole made in the top of the eggshell, and eaten.
In southern Sri Lanka it is common for toast to be paired with a curry soup and mint tea.
By 2013 "artisanal toast" had become a significant food trend in upscale American cities like San Francisco, where some commentators decried the increasing number of restaurants and bakeries selling freshly made toast at what was perceived to be an unreasonably high price.
Health concerns.
Toasted bread slices may contain high levels of acrylamide, a carcinogen generated during the browning process. High acrylamide levels can also be found in other heated carbohydrate-rich foods. The darker the surface colour of the toast, the higher its concentration of acrylamide. That is why according to the recommendations made by the British Food Standards Agency, bread should be toasted to the lightest colour acceptable.
Cultural references.
Streetband released the novelty song "Toast" in 1978. The band attempted to use toast as an instrument, with the sound of toast being scraped used later in the track.
Buttered toast has a perceived tendency, when dropped, to land with the buttered side to the floor, this being the least desirable outcome. Although originally a pessimistic joke, a 2001 study of the buttered toast phenomenon found that when dropped from a table, a buttered slice of toast landed butter-side down at least 62% of the time. The phenomenon is widely believed to be due to the combination of the size of the toast and the height of the typical dining table, which means that the toast will not rotate far enough to right itself before encountering the floor. A joke that plays on this tendency is the buttered cat paradox; if cats always land on their feet and buttered toast always lands buttered side down, it questions what happens when buttered toast is attached to a cat's back.
Other foods which are toasted.
Cheese and marshmallows are also toasted by exposure to dry radiant heat.

</doc>
<doc id="19009245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009245" title="Kaizaad Kotwal">
Kaizaad Kotwal

Kaizaad Kotwal (born in Mumbai, India) has worked on over 200 theatre productions and films. He is a producer, director, actor, writer and designer. He won an Emmy Award for Art Direction in 1996.
Currently he is a professor of theatre, media studies and film at The Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio. He won the Grffin Society Award for Best Professor in 2008 and in 2007 was named one of the top professors in Ohio.
He is the producer and director of the Indian production of The Vagina Monologues which has been running there since 2003.
He co-owns a production company called Poor-Box Productions with his mother Mahabanoo Mody-Kotwal. The company started in Ohio in 1996 and the Indian one was started in 1999 when they launched their production of Shirley Valentine.

</doc>
<doc id="19009261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009261" title="Seonhak Station">
Seonhak Station

Seonhak Station is a subway station on Line 1 of the Incheon Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19009267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009267" title="Index of Christmas Island-related articles">
Index of Christmas Island-related articles

This page list topics related to Christmas Island.
__NOTOC__
L.
List of people on stamps of Australia

</doc>
<doc id="19009279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009279" title="George Warren (MP)">
George Warren (MP)

Sir George Warren KB (7 February 1735 – 31 August 1801), of Poynton Lodge in Cheshire, was a British Member of Parliament.
Warren set out initially on an army career, being promoted to Captain in 1756. In May 1758 he eloped to Edinburgh with a rich heiress, Jane Revel (died 1761), and married her; he then retired from the army, and in December of the same year was elected to Parliament as member for Lancaster in return for a promise that at the next election he would contribute up to £2,000 towards finding a seat for the son of Lancaster's other MP, Francis Reynolds. He immediately began a campaign to have himself made a Knight of the Bath, an honour to which he believed his new wealth now entitled him, but the King angrily rejected the proposal when it was put to him by Prime Minister Newcastle. However, once George III succeeded in 1760, Warren attached himself to Bute's party and secured his KB the following year.
Warren's rapacious attempts to enlarge his fortune made him unpopular throughout Lancashire and Cheshire. His estates included the manor of Stockport, and he tried to enforce his feudal rights as the town grew with industrialisation, seeking to establish manorial monopolies on some goods and levy tolls on the importation of others. He also promoted a scheme to run a canal from the River Weaver near Northwich to the Mersey at Stockport, which would have opened a market for the coalfield on his Poynton estate, but Parliament preferred the rival scheme of the Duke of Bridgewater, which linked Stockport to the Grand Trunk Canal, much less profitable for Warren.
Despite his unpopularity, Warren could not be dislodged from his parliamentary seat at Lancaster, where the influence of Reynolds over the voters was sufficient to ensure his candidate would be returned. In 1768 the local merchants determined to oppose him, putting up Lord John Cavendish as a candidate, but even the backing of his own influential family and of the Lowthers proved insufficient to make victory probable. Early in the campaign, Cavendish wrote that""my opponents ... have engaged all the lower sort of people, and they spare no expense to keep them firm to them."", and eventually he concluded that ""my opponents were bidding any sums for votes, so that my success was very uncertain and an enormous expense inevitable."" He withdrew a week before the election was due, leaving Warren to be returned unopposed. 
Waren remained an MP for all but two years until 1796, sitting also for Beaumaris in one Parliament, but there is no record of his ever having spoken in the House of Commons. He had one daughter by his first marriage, Elizabeth, Viscountess Bulkeley (c. 1760–1826): her husband, Thomas Bulkeley, 7th Viscount Bulkeley, changed his surname to Warren-Bulkeley by Royal Licence to inherit the Warren fortune. Warren's second marriage in 1764, to Frances Bishopp, daughter of Sir Cecil Bishopp, 6th Baronet, was childless.
Warren commissioned several portraits of his family from the then-up-and-coming artist, George Romney, whose group portrait of the family (1769) was one of the pictures that helped make his reputation. A later portrait was of Warren's daughter, Elizabeth, to celebrate her marriage in 1777, Romney depicting her as Hebe: this picture is now in the National Museum of Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="19009288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009288" title="Mykhaylo Chemberzhi">
Mykhaylo Chemberzhi

Mykhaylo Chemberzhi is a Ukrainian composer, teacher, scientist and statesman. Director of Kyiv Children's Academy of Arts. Author of about 60 scientific publications. Composer of works in a variety of genres, including orchestral works, opera and ballet.

</doc>
<doc id="19009289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009289" title="Sinyeonsu Station">
Sinyeonsu Station

Sinyeonsu Station is a subway station on Line 1 of the Incheon Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19009301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009301" title="Nina Sings the Hits of Diane Warren">
Nina Sings the Hits of Diane Warren

Nina Sings the Hits of Diane Warren is the fourth studio album by Filipino singer Nina, released in the Philippines on July 25, 2008 by Warner Music. It is a cover album consisting of Nina's renditions of familiar love songs written by American songwriter Diane Warren. The idea behind the release of the album started after the success of her single "I Don't Want to Be Your Friend" in 2004, which was initially recorded for Warren's love songs compilation.
Upon release, the album received negative response from critics, most reviewers pointing out the over-singing and lack of emotion. Despite criticisms, the album proved to be a commercial hit, certifying gold by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry (PARI) on September 1, 2008. It was considered to be a late awarding, since the album sold enough for a gold certification in its first week of commercial release. It has sold over 30,000 units and has been awarded Platinum by the PARI to date. The album has been released internationally, mostly in South-East Asian countries. However, Warner failed to promote it in the mentioned territories because they were busy promoting Charice's self-titled 2010 album.
Two singles were commercially released off the album. "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing", an Aerosmith original, was the first single. It featured a mellow arrangement and soft vocal delivery, entirely opposite to the original arrangement. The song became a chart-topping hit and is considered to be one of Nina's trademark singles. "There You'll Be" was released as a follow-up single. Nina personally chose the song, and considers it as a "Thank You" to her fans who were always there to support her. "Saving Forever for You" was released to radio in 2009 as a promo single to boost up album sales.
Background and development.
In 2004, Warner Music came out with a compilation of Diane Warren's all-time hits, on which Nina contributed a song—"I Don't Want to Be Your Friend". She was also the only Asian singer that was featured on the album. In a press conference on July 29, 2008 at Red Box, TriNoma in Quezon City, Nina revealed that she is a fan of Warren, and that she wanted to do a record consisting of her hits. Hearing about the interview, Warren willingly agreed and allowed her request. A message by Warren, stating "A few years ago Nina cut "I Don't Want to Be Your Friend", one of my favorite songs. I am very happy that she is now coming out with an entire album filled with the songs that I'm proud of. Hopefully, this is just the beginning of a lot of hits together," can be found on the album's sleeve.
In selecting the songs, Warner and Nina wanted to include hits that are familiar to the Filipino listeners, and some of her favorites as well. They thought that people can relate more to the song, if they are familiar with it. For the arrangement, she and her team did only slight changes to not ruin the original mood envisioned by Warren. Bobby Velasco, Alvin Nunez, producer Ferdie Marquez, Mike Luis of Freestyle, Jay Durias of South Border, and Nina's band were assigned to re-arrange the songs.
Critical reception.
Despite certifying Gold just a week after its official release, "Nina Sings the Hits of Diane Warren" received very few nominations on awarding events and negative response from OPM critics. Resty Odon of "Titik Pilipino" gave the album three out of five stars, saying "To be honest, what I've been expecting at this point in Nina's career is an album of original compositions suited to her voice. I don't like her being relegated to "cover-girl" status because I think her big little voice deserves originals." He further stated "there's the risk of Nina having to suffer the inevitable: ruthless comparison with the original interpreters—something I'd rather skip here and leave to more vicious reviewers." However, he praised "I Don't Want to Be Your Friend", saying "It's one song where she didn't have to shout and be a vocal Chinese acrobat."
Reaction to her covers.
Despite the success of her original singles, "Jealous" (2003) and "Someday" (2006), Nina's highest-selling album "Nina Live!" consists entirely of revivals of classic love songs. "Love Moves in Mysterious Ways", the album's first single, became very popular in the Philippines that even though the song was just a cover, it was considered as a Nina hit. Her renditions of "Foolish Heart", "Through the Fire" and "Somewhere Down the Road" also managed to reach the top of music charts in the country. Aside from "Nina Live!", she released a cover album in 2007, paying tribute to American singer-songwriter Barry Manilow. It was entitled "Nina Featuring the Hits of Barry Manilow". OPM critics reacted negatively to this kind of musical process that she was doing. On an interview with the entertainment press at Red Box, Nina defended herself in the following statement:
"It's fulfilling to sing any song, maybe a cover or an original song, just the fact that I'm singing is fulfilling enough."
She further expressed about not worrying on being a typecast as a singer known for reusing previous hits, saying that the reason on why she keeps on releasing covers is because of her fans. They were the ones who requested it.
Nominations
Singles.
"I Don't Want to Miss a Thing" was the first single, released alongside the album in August 2008. Many compared Nina's version to Regine Velasquez's. However, it can be clearly heard that the two renditions are almost completely different. The Soul Siren has a mellow tone that she put on the words of the song, without the redundant vocal belting that Velasquez did. The music video was aired first on MYX in September 2008. "There You'll Be", a Faith Hill original, was chosen personally by Nina to be the second single from the album in November 2008. The reason on why she chose the song is because she considers it as a "Thank You" to her fans for supporting her. In early 2009, the behind the scenes of the song's music video was posted on Nina's official website, and later in February 2009, was the full version of the video.
Prior to the album's release, "I Could Not Ask for More" was rumored to be the first single. The song was said to have interpreted Nina's professional and romantic state at that time. However, it was canceled for unknown reasons, and "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing" was released instead. In early 2009, "Saving Forever for You", a song originally recorded by Shanice, started receiving numerous airplay on TV and radio. It was heard in ABS-CBN commercials and was used in an episode of "Your Song" entitled "Feb-ibig", starring Christian Bautista and Karylle, which aired on February 15, 2009. In September 2010, a late official music video for "Love Will Lead You Back" was solicited over Philippine music channels. The video features footage and clips from the past music videos recorded by Nina. It was said to be her farewell music video for Warner. Later, it was revealed that the song was the first single from her 2010 greatest hits album "".
Promotion.
"Nina Sings the Hits of Diane Warren" was officially launched on July 29, 2008 at Red Box Karaoke, TriNoma, Quezon City. On August 10, 2008, Nina had another album launch on "ASAP '08", where she sang the album's carrier single, "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing". During the next episode of the show, her album received a Gold Record award for selling over 15,000 copies in the Philippines for only a week. On August 18, 2008, Nina guested on a "Boy & Kris" episode, "Birit by Request", with Christian Bautista and Lani Misalucha. She performed the first single "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing". On August 31, 2008, Nina performed the song again on "ASAP '08" together with "Pinoy Dream Academy" scholar Liezel Garcia. She performed on "MYX Live!", hosted by Jett Pangan, singing eight songs from the album, including the two singles. The episode aired on April 22, 2009.
It is considered to be her second album to reach Gold certification in just one week, following her 10x Platinum third effort, "Nina Live!".
Track listing.
Disc 2: "Nina Sings the Hits of Diane Warren" (Minus One)
Personnel.
Credits were taken from "Titik Pilipino".

</doc>
<doc id="19009317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009317" title="George Warren">
George Warren

George Warren may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19009331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009331" title="Lew Owens">
Lew Owens

Lew Owens is the Chief Executive Officer and a Director of ETSA Utilities. He was appointed to that position in 2005.
He was previously the Chairperson of the Essential Services Commission of South Australia (Essential Services Commission of South Australia) with responsibility for regulating the South Australian electricity and gas industries, the Tarcoola-Darwin and intrastate railways, and the South Australian ports. The Commission also undertook regulatory work on the South Australian water industry. He was also an Associate Commissioner of the ACCC on energy matters.
Mr Owens was the Chief Executive of Funds SA from 1996–99 and the WorkCover Corporation of South Australia from 1990-96.
Mr Owens has worked in the mining, oil and gas industries in the private sector, and in planning, economic development, energy and regulatory areas within Government. Mr Owens is a Board Member of the South Australian Electricity Supply Industry Council. He is also an Inaugural Member of the State Heritage Council in SA and a Director of the Australian Council of National Trusts.
He holds degrees in Chemical Engineering and Arts (Economics/Politics), and a Master of Science degree in Urban Studies. He is a member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors, the Australian Institute of Energy and the Royal Australian Institute of Public Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="19009335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009335" title="Woninjae Station">
Woninjae Station

Woninjae Station is a subway station on Line 1 of the Incheon Subway and became a transfer station to the Suin Line in July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19009355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009355" title="Maria Cederschiöld">
Maria Cederschiöld

Maria Cederschiöld (1856–1935) was a Swedish journalist and a suffragette.
Cederschiöld studied in Uppsala and graduated in 1874. After having worked as a teacher, she became a reporter at Aftonbladet in 1884. She wrote foreign news articles and reviewed literature as a critic. In 1909–1921, she was chief editor responsible for the paper's foreign news department.
Maria Cederschiöld was also a feminist, and as such, was internationally known. She was the secretary and later vice chairman of the Swedish suffrage movement and acted as her country's representative in many international suffrage meetings.

</doc>
<doc id="19009361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009361" title="Healthcare in Kenya">
Healthcare in Kenya

Kenya’s health care system is structured in a step-wise manner so that complicated cases are referred to a higher level. Gaps in the system are filled by private and church run units. The structure thus consists:
Health care units.
Dispensaries.
The government runs dispensaries across the country and are the lowest point of contact with the public. These are run and managed by enrolled and registered nurses who are supervised by the nursing officer at the respective health centre. They provide outpatient services for simple ailments such as common cold and flu, uncomplicated malaria and skin conditions. Those patients who cannot be managed by the nurse are referred to the health centres there.
Private clinics.
Most private clinics in the community are run by nurses. In 2011 there were 65,000 nurses on their council's register. A smaller number of private clinics, mostly in the urban areas, are run by clinical officers and doctors who numbered 8,600 and 7,100 respectively in 2011. These figures include those who have died or left the profession hence the actual number of workers is lower.
Health centres.
All government health centres have a clinical officer as the in-charge and provide comprehensive primary care. Because of their heavy focus on preventive care such as childhood vaccination, rather than curative services, local council (municipal) and most mission, as well as many private health centres, do not have clinical officers but instead have a nurse as the in-charge.
Health centres are medium sized units which cater for a population of about 80,000 people. A typical health centre is staffed by:
All the health centre staff report to the Clinical officer in-charge except the public health officers and technicians who are deployed to a geographical area rather than to a health unit and report to the district public health officer even though they may have an office at the health centre.
The health centre has the following departments:
1. Administration block; where patients register and all correspondence and resources are managed from.
2. Out-patient consultation rooms where patients are seen and examined by clinical officers.
3. In-patient (wards) where very sick patients can be admitted. The wards are divided into male, female and paediatric with newborn units.
4. Laboratory where diagnostic tests are done. These laboratories can do the following tests- bloodslides for malaria parasites, sputum AFB, urinalysis, full haemogram, stool ova and cysts, blood sugar, Elisa and CD4 counts in comprehensive care centres for HIV/AIDS patients.
5. Pharmacy
6. Minor theatre where minor surgical procedures are done e.g. Circumcision, stitching wounds and manual vacuum aspiration
7. Maternity
8. Maternal and child health
9. Kitchen and catering
10. Student hostels for rural health training centres where students go to get rural experience.
Sub-district hospitals.
These are similar to health centres with addition of a surgery unit for Caeserian section and other procedures. Many are managed by clinical officers. A good number have a medical officer and a wider range of surgical services.
Nursing Home.
These are owned privately by individuals or churches and offer services roughly similar to those available at a sub-district or district hospital.
District hospitals.
Each district in the country has a district hospital which is the co-ordinating and referral centre for the smaller units. They usually have the resources to provide comprehensive medical and surgical services. They are managed by medical superintendents.
Provincial hospitals.
Kenya has eight provinces, each with a provincial hospital which is the referral point for the district hospitals. These are regional centres which provide specialised care including intensive care and life support and specialist consultations.
National hospitals.
There are two national hospitals in Kenya, namely:
Maternal and child healthcare.
In June 2011, the United Nations Population Fund released a report on The State of the World's Midwifery. It contained new data on the midwifery workforce and policies relating to newborn and maternal mortality for 58 countries. The 2010 maternal mortality rate per 100,000 births for Kenya is 530. This is compared with 413.4 in 2008 and 452.3 in 1990. The under 5 mortality rate, per 1,000 births is 86 and the neonatal mortality as a percentage of under 5's mortality is 33. The aim of this report is to highlight ways in which the Millennium Development Goals can be achieved, particularly Goal 4 – Reduce child mortality and Goal 5 – improve maternal death. In Kenya the number of midwives per 1,000 live births is unavailable and the lifetime risk of death for pregnant women 1 in 38. 
The Ministry of Health.
Has its headquarters at Afya house in Nairobi.
There are two ministers:
Each minister has two assistant ministers and a permanent secretary
Important institutions (acts of parliament).
Nursing Council of Kenya (NCK).
The Nursing Council of Kenya is a body corporate established under the Nurses Act Cap 257 of the Laws of Kenya to regulate standards of nursing education and practice in Kenya. It protects the public by promoting standards of clinical care through training, licensure and enforcement of codes of regulation.
Kenya Medical Supplies Agency (KEMSA).
The Kenya Medical Supplies Agency (KEMSA) is a specialised medical logistics provider for Ministries of Medical Services/Public Health-supported health facilities and programmes.
Pharmacy and Poisons Board.
The Pharmacy and Poisons Act, Cap 244 is an Act of parliament to make better provision for the Control of the Profession of Pharmacy and trade in drugs and poisons.
The Pharmacy and Poisons Board (PPB) is established as a body corporate, under the Pharmacy and Poisons Act, Cap 244 Laws of Kenya. The PPB is regulatory body within the Ministry of Medical Services. It is a body corporate under Section 3(6), and the de-linking process is on-going.
National Hospital Insurance Fund (NHIF).
Membership to the National Hospital Insurance Fund is compulsory to all salaried employee with voluntary membership to those in self-employment. Contributions range from Ksh 160 to a maximum Ksh 320. However plans are underway to compute contributions as a percentage of ones salary. When members or their declared dependants fall ill and are admitted in accredited hospitals, they are only required to pay the balance of the bill after the rebate has been calculated. The rebate varies depending on the hospital status and ranges from ksh 400 to ksh 2,000 per day.
Kenya Medical Research Institute (KEMRI).
A state corporation that carries out medical research in Kenya. It collaborates with foreign research organisations such as CDC, The Wellcome Trust, Walter Reed Army Institute of Research etc.
Private Health management organisations.
Private companies which offer additional health cover usually including outpatient cover which is not covered by the NHIF. They include:

</doc>
<doc id="19009362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009362" title="Dongchun Station">
Dongchun Station

Dongchun Station is a subway station on Line 1 of the Incheon Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19009375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009375" title="Index of Cocos (Keeling) Islands-related articles">
Index of Cocos (Keeling) Islands-related articles

This page contains a list of topics related to the Cocos (Keeling) Islands.
__NOTOC__
L.
List of people on stamps of Australia
S.
SMS Emden (1908)

</doc>
<doc id="19009385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009385" title="Dongmak Station">
Dongmak Station

Dongmak Station is a subway station on Line 1 of the Incheon Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19009397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009397" title="Humberstone Road railway station">
Humberstone Road railway station

Humberstone Road station was a station to the north of Leicester, England, opened in 1875 and closed in 1968.
It was opened by the Midland Counties Railway, which shortly joined the North Midland Railway and the Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway to form the Midland Railway.
The small village of Humberstone, situated some two miles further north-eastwards was noted for its alabaster mine but, Humberstone Road station alongside whatis now the A47, served the northern side of the city which was rapidly expanding. Although the line is still a major route (the present-day Midland Main Line), there is now very little trace of it.
It lay derelict for many years after being taken out of service as a passenger station. As a grade two listed building it had to be preserved, but British Rail did not have sufficient funds for such an operation. A buyer was looked for. Eventually it was sold to Leicestershire County Council for £1 plus VAT (15p at the time!). It was moved brick by brick to its new home at Shenton Station, on the Battlefield Line Railway, where it would serve as an information point for Bosworth Battlefield and a southern terminus building for the railway. 
The next station was at Syston between Leicester and Loughborough. A short distance away was the similarly named Humberstone railway station.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="19009419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009419" title="Thurnby and Scraptoft railway station">
Thurnby and Scraptoft railway station

Thurnby and Scraptoft railway station was a railway station in Thurnby, Leicestershire on the Great Northern Railway Leicester branch. Thurnby & Scraptoft railway station was situated approximately four miles east of Leicester Belgrave Road station. The official opening of the line was on 1st January 1883, though the first train was an excursion that ran on 2nd October 1882 heading for Skegness, setting the trend for the rest of its life.
Thurnby & Scraptoft was originally served by passenger trains running between Leicester and Grantham or Peterborough. Passenger services dwindled during the 1950s and ceased altogether on 7th December 1953. However, an unadvertised local workmen’s train was reinstated and ran until 29th April 1957. Thereafter, the only traffic was freight and summer seaside excursions. This became known as The Holiday Line because of the popularity of the seasonal trains heading for such places as Skegness, Mablethorpe and Great Yarmouth. These were extremely popular and well patronised. But even these ceased in 1962, leaving just a single weekday freight which ran from Colwick to Leicester in the early hours of the morning, returning from Leicester at 5.10 pm. Occasionally it would trip to Thurnby & Scraptoft during the day with a wagonload of coal which would be shunted into the siding for the local coal merchant. The final freight train departed Leicester Belgrave Road on 29th May 1964.
The last station master was Mr Storey. The only other staff member being the signalman, whose services were only required for coal deliveries and busy holiday weekends. In the later years, motive power was provided by Colwick – typically B1 4-6-0s on excursion trains and J39 0-6-0s on the freight.
The station was on a significant gradient, and a loaded excursion (often of 12 coaches, though Thurnby & Scraptoft’s platform could only accommodate four) could struggle to restart out of the station.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="19009422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009422" title="McCoy Building">
McCoy Building

The McCoy Center is an office building located in Columbus, Ohio. The building is named after longtime Bank One president John G. McCoy. The bank was acquired by JPMorgan Chase & Co. after a merger with Bank One Corporation in 2004. Inside is a gift shop, Starbucks, dry cleaners, shipping center, car rental, nurse's station, two cafeterias, a bistro, five Chase automated teller machines, and a personal banker. The building is located off of Polaris Parkway, home of the Polaris Fashion Place mall.
The facility—¼ mile from end to end—houses approximately 10,000 employees in a space equal in square footage to the Empire State Building. At 2 million-square-feet, it is the largest JPMorgan Chase & Co. facility in the world, the largest office building in the Columbus, Ohio area, and one of the largest in the United States behind the The Pentagon, from which the McCoy Center has borrowed its way-finding system. Only a handful of office buildings in the U.S. - the 5.7 million-square-foot Warren G. Magnuson Health Services Building in Seattle and the 4.4 million-square-foot McDermott Building in San Antonio among them - are bigger. 

</doc>
<doc id="19009438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009438" title="Ingarsby railway station">
Ingarsby railway station

Ingarsby railway station was a railway station in Ingarsby, Leicestershire, on the Great Northern Railway Leicester branch. It opened in 1882, closing to passengers on 29 April 1957 and to goods on 7 December 1953. To the west, about halfway to the next station at Thurnby, lies Ingarsby tunnel, 516 yards long. 
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="19009443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009443" title="Jill Brukman">
Jill Brukman

Jill Brukman (born 8 March 1973) is a former backstroke and medley swimmer from South Africa. She competed for her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, swimming a total number of four events. Brukman didn't reach the final in any of those starts.

</doc>
<doc id="19009452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009452" title="Beijing Beijing, I Love Beijing">
Beijing Beijing, I Love Beijing

"Beijing Beijing, I Love Beijing" () is a Chinese song written by Kwan Ju and performed by Guan Zhe on the official Beijing 2008 album.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics closing ceremony in Beijing, the song was performed by Hong Kong singer Kelly Chen, Chinese singer Han Xue, Taiwanese-American singer Leehom Wang, and Korean artist Rain.

</doc>
<doc id="19009457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009457" title="Marc Armand Ruffer">
Marc Armand Ruffer

Sir Marc Armand Ruffer (1859, Lyon, France–1917, Lost at sea) was an Anglo-German experimental pathologist and bacteriologist. He is considered a pioneer of modern paleopathology.
Family.
He was the son of German banker Baron Alphonse Jacques Ruffer and his German wife Caroline. Ruffer married Alice Mary Greenfield in 1890 and had three children.
Educatioon.
He studied at Brasenose, Oxford, University College London and the Pasteur Institute in Paris.
Career.
In 1891 he was appointed the first director of the British Institute of Preventive Medicine, latterly the Lister Institute.
Moving to Egypt for health reasons, Ruffer was appointed a professor of bacteriology at the The Faculty of Medicine, Cairo University in 1896, later taking roles on committees dealing with health, disease, and sanitation. In Egypt he worked on the histology of mummies publishing his findings and helping to establish the field of palaeopathology.
Knighted in 1916, he went to Greece during the First World War to improve sanitation. Returning to Egypt on board the ship on 17 April 1917 he was lost at sea when the ship was torpedoed off the Greek coast without warning by the German submarine with the loss of 279 lives, 35 of which were crew.

</doc>
<doc id="19009464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009464" title="You're Shining">
You're Shining

You're Shining is a 2004 song by DJ duo Styles & Breeze.
Music video.
The video has a girl up in space singing whilst the sun shines bright, then it goes to a club where she is singing the song, Styles & Breeze are DJ's in the club and the audience is raving to the song.
Chart performance.
In Finland it debuted at #19; it only spent one week in the top 20. In the Irish top 50 it debuted at #46; it only spent one week in the top 50. In the UK chart it debuted at #19. The next week it dropped nine places to #28, and the following week it dropped another nine places to #37. On its final week it dropped 21 places to #58. it was in the UK chart for four weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="19009479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009479" title="John Young (Dean of St George's Cathedral)">
John Young (Dean of St George's Cathedral)

The Very Reverend John Kenneth Young (5 January 1914 – 1991) was the Dean of St George's Cathedral, Georgetown, Guyana from 1948 until 1957. Born in 1914, he was educated at Clare College, Cambridge, ordained in 1939 after a period of study at Ripon College Cuddesdon and began his career with curacies at "St James, West Hartlepool" and "St Mary Magdalen, Medomsley". From 1943 to 1948 he was vicar of Demerara River, Guyana and then Dean of the Diocese’s Cathedral. Returning to England he held incumbencies at Harton, North Yorkshire, Eastgate, County Durham and (his final post before retirement) Forcett, Richmondshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19009498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009498" title="Shunt nephritis">
Shunt nephritis

Shunt nephritis is a rare disease of the kidney that can occur in patients being treated for hydrocephalus with a cerebral shunt. It usually results from an infected shunt that produces a long-standing blood infection, particularly by the bacterium "Staphylococcus epidermidis". Kidney disease results from an immune response that deposits immune complexes in the kidney. The most common signs and symptoms of the condition are blood and protein in the urine, anemia, and high blood pressure. Diagnosis is based on these findings in the context of characteristic laboratory values. Treatment includes antibiotics and the prompt removal of the infected shunt. Over half of individuals with shunt nephritis recover completely; most of the remainder have some degree of persistent kidney disease.
Epidemiology.
Shunt nephritis is a rare condition affecting males and females of all ages. It occurs in approximately 0.7-2.3% of patients with shunt infections. Approximately 12% of ventriculoatrial shunts become infected, with "Staphylococcus epidermidis" being the infectious agent in 75% of cases.
Pathophysiology.
Shunt nephritis occurs when a shunt becomes infected with bacteria, most commonly "Staphylococcus epidermidis". Bacteria from this infected shunt seed the bloodstream, leading to blood infection (bacteremia). In response to long-standing infection (months to years), the body mounts an immune response that results in deposition of immune complexes in the kidney, leading to nephritis.
Clinical manifestations.
The clinical presentation of shunt nephritis is variable, but the most common manifestations of shunt nephritis include blood in the urine, protein in the urine, anemia, and high blood pressure. Recurrent fever, enlarged liver and spleen, and a skin rash may also be present. Rarely, the major complaint may be arthritis.
Urinalysis typically demonstrates hematuria and proteinuria. Levels of the complement protein C3 are low, while levels of C-reactive protein and cryoglobulins may be modestly elevated. Blood cultures and cerebrospinal fluid cultures demonstrate "Staphylococcus epidermidis", a coagulase-negative species of "Staphylococcus". Biopsy of the kidney frequently demonstrates membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis, with deposits of C3, IgM, and IgG.
Treatment.
Management is focused on removing the infectious source. The shunt is removed immediately and antibiotics are begun. The infected shunt, typically a ventriculoatrial shunt, may be replaced with a ventriculoperitoneal shunt.
Prognosis.
In one review, over half of individuals with shunt nephritis made a complete recovery. An additional 40% of individuals had persistent urine abnormalities or end-stage renal disease. Death occurred in 9%.
History.
Shunt nephritis was first described by Black in 1965. Early cases and most cases since then are associated with infections of shunts that connect the ventricular system of the brain to the atria of the heart (ventriculoatrial shunts). Less commonly, shunt nephritis has been reported to arise from infections of shunts connecting the ventricular system to the abdominal cavity (ventriculoperitoneal shunts).

</doc>
<doc id="19009500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009500" title="Lowesby railway station">
Lowesby railway station

Lowesby railway station (originally Loseby) was a railway station serving the villages of Lowesby and Tilton on the Hill, Leicestershire, on the Great Northern Railway Leicester branch.
Overview.
The station opened in 1882 (as Loseby) and was one of two station serving Tilton, the other being Tilton station. For Tilton villagers travelling to Leicester however, Lowesby station was preferred, because it was nearer by public footpath (1 mile vs 1.2 miles), had more trains and because the train journey was 2.5 miles shorter, and therefore cheaper. Reflecting this, several commuter trains from Leicester terminated at Lowesby, although these were withdrawn in 1916 together with the Leicester to Peterborough trains. The station was renamed Lowesby in 1916.
The station closed to regular traffic in 1953 although summer excursion trains to Skegness and Mablethorpe continued until the end of the 1962 season. To the east of the station was Marefield Junction.
Former Services
Train Timetable for April 1910.
The table below shows the train departures from Lowesby in April 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="19009514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009514" title="314th Air Division">
314th Air Division

The 314th Air Division (314th AD) is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with Pacific Air Forces, based at Osan AB, South Korea. It became inactive in September 1986.
The unit's origins lie with the World War II 314th Bombardment Wing (314th BW), which was part of the Twentieth Air Force of the United States Army Air Forces. The 314th BW engaged in bombing operations against Japan using Boeing B-29 Superfortresses.
History.
World War II.
The 314th Bombardment Wing was activated in July 1944 at Peterson Field, Colorado as a command and control organization for four Boeing B-29 Superfortress bombardment groups. The unit trained in Colorado while subordinate groups were trained in Kansas by the Second Air Force.
When training was completed the 314th moved to Guam in the Mariana Islands of the Central Pacific Area in January 1945 The 314th was the fourth B-29 Wing assigned to XXI Bomber Command, Twentieth Air Force. Its mission was the strategic bombardment of the Japanese Home Islands and the destruction of its war-making capability. In the Marianas, the Wing provided command and control to the 19th, 29th 39th and 330th Bombardment Groups. The 19th and 29th arrived in January; the 39th and 330th in February. 
Its groups flew "shakedown" missions against Japanese targets on Moen Island, Truk, and other points in the Carolines and Marianas. The 19th began combat missions over Japan on 25 February 1945 with a firebombing mission over Northeast Tokyo; the 29th with a firebombing mission over central Tokyo on March 9. The 39th's first mission was an attack of the Hodagaya Chemical Works in Koriyama on 15 April; the 330th hitting the same three days earlier on April 12. The Division continued attacking urban areas until the end of the war in August 1945; its subordinate units conducted raids against strategic objectives, bombing aircraft factories; chemical plants; oil refineries; and other targets in Japan. The wing flew its last combat missions on 14 August when hostilities ended. Afterwards, the wing's B 29s carried relief supplies to Allied prisoner of war camps in Japan and Manchuria.
The 330th Bomb Group was relieved from assignment on 21 November, its personnel and equipment returning to the United States for demobilization; the 39th in December. The other groups returned in May 1946. The Wing then moved to Johnson Army Airbase, Japan in mid-May 1946 to become part of the Fifth Air Force Occupation forces.
With the postwar consolidation of units, the organization was redesignated 314th Composite Wing in 1946, having both groups and squadrons of varying missions assigned to the wing. For approximately two years (1946–1948) the 314th served as one of Fifth Air Force's major components. It maintained intensive training schedules, participated in training exercises and took part in the post-hostilities program of mapping Japan.
Korean War.
Activated at Nagoya AB, Japan, on 1 December 1950 as the 314th Air Division, the organization immediately assumed the missions of the air defense of Japan, logistical support for Fifth Air Force during the Korean War, and airfield construction in Japan. Units under the Division's direct jurisdiction during the Korean War were the following:
On 1 March 1952 the 314th Air Division was stood down, as part of a Far East Air Force reorganization. Its units were reassigned to other organizations.
Cold War.
Reactivated in March 1955 at Osan Air Base, South Korea, the 314th Air Division was the primary command and control organization in South Korea for the next 30 years. The division maintained assigned and attached forces at a high degree of combat readiness during the Cold War. In fulfilling its mission, the division supported numerous military exercises in the region, such as Commando Bearcat, Commando Jade, and Commando Night.
The Division was inactivated in 1986 by the decision to upgrade the organization to a Numbered Air Force level, being replaced by the reactivated Seventh Air Force, which assumed all of its assigned assets.
Units assigned.
United States Air Force.
Wings
Groups
Squadrons

</doc>
<doc id="19009527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009527" title="Index of Cook Islands-related articles">
Index of Cook Islands-related articles

This page contains a list topics related to the Cook Islands:
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19009553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009553" title="John O' Gaunt railway station">
John O' Gaunt railway station

John O' Gaunt railway station was a railway station serving the villages of Twyford and Burrough on the Hill, Leicestershire on the Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway. It opened in 1879 as Burrow & Twyford and was renamed John O' Gaunt in 1883. It closed to regular traffic in 1953. To the south of the station was Marefield Junction.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="19009563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009563" title="Languages of Morocco">
Languages of Morocco

There are a number of languages in Morocco, but the two official languages are Modern Standard Arabic and Berber. Moroccan Arabic (known as Darija) is the spoken native vernacular. The languages of prestige in Morocco are Arabic in its Classical and Modern Standard Forms and the French language, the latter of which serves as a second language for many Moroccans. According to a 2000-2002 survey done by Moha Ennaji, author of "Multilingualism, Cultural Identity, and Education in Morocco", "there is a general agreement that Standard Arabic, Moroccan Arabic, and Berber are the national languages." Ennaji also concluded "This survey confirms the idea that multilingualism in Morocco is a vivid sociolinguistic phenomenon, which is favoured by many people."
There are 12 to 15 million Berber speakers in Morocco, about 40 to 50% of the population. French remains Morocco's unofficial third language, and is taught universally and serves as Morocco's primary language of commerce and economics; it is also widely used in education and government. Morocco is a member of the Francophonie. 
Arabic.
Arabic is Morocco's official language, although it is the Moroccan dialect of Arabic, namely Darija, that is spoken or understood, frequently as a second language, by the majority of the population (about 85% of the total population). Many native Berber speakers also speak the local Arabic variant. Arabic in its Classical and Standard forms is one of the two prestige languages in Morocco. Aleya Rouchdy, author of "Language Contact and Language Conflict in Arabic", said that Classical/Modern Arabic and French are constantly in conflict with one another, but that most Moroccans believe that the bilingualism of Classical Arabic and French is the most optimal choice to allow for Morocco's development. 
In 1995 the number of native Arabic speakers in Morocco was approximately 18.8 million (65% of the total population), and 21 million including the Moroccan diaspora.
As a member of the Maghrebi Arabic grouping of dialects, Moroccan Arabic is similar to the dialects spoken in Mauritania, Algeria, Tunisia, and Libya (and also Maltese). The country shows a marked difference in urban and rural dialects. This is due to the history of settlement. Originally, Arabs established centers of power in only a few cities and ports in the region, with the effect that the other areas remained Berber-speaking. Then, in the 13th century, Bedouin tribes swept through many of the unsettled areas, spreading with them their distinct Arabic dialect in the non-urbanized areas and leaving speakers of Berber in isolated areas in the more mountainous regions.
Modern Standard and Classical Arabic.
Moroccans learn Standard Arabic as a language. It is not spoken at home or on the streets. Standard Arabic is frequently used in administrative offices, mosques, and schools. According to Rouchdy, within Morocco Classical Arabic is still only used in literary and cultural aspects, formal traditional speeches, and discussions about religion.
Dialectal Arabic.
Darija Arabic.
Moroccan 'Darija' Arabic, along with Berber, is one of two languages spoken in homes and on the street. The language is not used in writing. Abdelâli Bentahila, the author of the 1983 book "Language Attitudes among Arabic–French Bilinguals in Morocco", said that Moroccans who were bilingual in both French and Arabic preferred to speak Arabic while discussing religion; while discussing matters in a grocery store or restaurant; and while discussing matters with family members, beggars, and maids. Moha Ennaji, author of "Multilingualism, Cultural Identity, and Education in Morocco", said that Moroccan Arabic has connotations of informality, and that Moroccan Arabic tends to be used in casual conversations and spoken discourse. Ennaji added that Bilingual Moroccans tend to use Moroccan Arabic while in the house. Berbers generally learn Moroccan Arabic as a second language and use it as a "lingua franca", since not all versions of Berber are mutually intelligible with one another.
The below table presents statistical figures of speakers, based on the 2004 population census (Population aged 5 and above)
Hassani Arabic.
Hassānīya, is spoken by about 0.7% of the population mainly in the southern regions and the disputed territory of Western Sahara. Communities of speakers exist elsewhere in Morocco too, especially in the metropolitan areas of Agadir, Marrakech, Rabat and Casablanca.
The below table presents statistical figures of speakers, based on the 2004 population census (Population aged 5 and above)
Berber.
The exact population of Berber languages speakers is hard to ascertain, since most North African countries do not – traditionally – record language data in their censuses (An exception to this was the 2004 Morocco population census). The Ethnologue provides a useful academic starting point; however, its bibliographic references are inadequate, and it rates its own accuracy at only B-C for the area. Early colonial censuses may provide better documented figures for some countries; however, these are also very much out of date. The number for each dialect is difficult to estimate.
Berber serves as a vernacular language in many rural areas of Morocco. Berber, along with Moroccan Arabic, is one of two languages spoken in homes and on the street. The population does not use Berber in writing. Aleya Rouchdy, author of "Language Contact and Language Conflict in Arabic," said that Berber is mainly used in the contexts of family, friendship, and "street". In her 2000-2002 research, Ennaji found that 52% of the interviewees placed Berber as a language inferior to Arabic because it did not have a prestigious status and because its domain was restricted. Ennaji added that "he dialectisation of Berber certainly reduces its power of communication and its spread."
Speakers of Riffian dialect were estimated to be around 1.5 million in 1990.
The language is spoken in the Rif area in the north of the country, and is the smallest Berber dialect in Morocco, by number of speakers.
The Tashelhit language is considered to be the most widely spoken as it covers the whole of the Region Souss-Massa-Drâa, and is also spoken in the Marrakech-Tensift-El Haouz and Tadla-Azilal regions. Studies done in 1990 show around 3 million people, concentrated in the south of Morocco, speak the dialect.
Central Morocco Tamazight is the second Berber language in Morocco. A 1998 study done by Ethnologue, shows that around 3 million people speak the language in Morocco. The language is most used in the regions Middle Atlas, High Atlas and east High Atlas Mountains.
Other Berber dialects are spoken in Morocco, as the Senhaja de Srair and the Ghomara dialects in the Rif mountains and the Figuig Shilha in Figuig (not to be confused with Atlas Shilha).
2004 Population Census.
The below table presents statistical figures of speakers, based on the 2004 population census (Population aged 5 and above)
Older studies.
"Few census figures are available; all countries (Algeria and Morocco included) do not count Berber languages. Population shifts in location and number, effects of urbanization and education in other languages, etc., make estimates difficult. In 1952 A. Basset (LLB.4) estimated the number of Berberophones at 5,500,000. Between 1968 and 1978 estimates ranged from eight to thirteen million (as reported by Galand, LELB 56, pp. 107, 123–25); Voegelin and Voegelin (1977, p. 297) call eight million a conservative estimate. In 1980, S. Chaker estimated that the Berberophone populations of Kabylie and the three Moroccan groups numbered more than one million each; and that in Algeria, 3,650,000, or one out of five Algerians, speak a Berber language (Chaker 1984, pp. 8-)
In 1952, André Basset ("La langue berbère", Handbook of African Languages, Part I, Oxford) estimated that a "small majority" of Morocco's population spoke Berber. The 1960 census estimated that 34% of Moroccans spoke Berber, including bi-, tri-, and quadrilinguals. In 2000, Karl Prasse cited "more than half" in an interview conducted by Brahim Karada at Tawalt.com. According to the Ethnologue (by deduction from its Moroccan Arabic figures), the Berber-speaking population is estimated at 65% (1991 and 1995). However, the figures it gives for individual languages only add up to 7.5 million, or about 57%. Most of these are accounted for by three dialects: 
This nomenclature is common in linguistic publications, but is significantly complicated by local usage: thus Shilha is sub-divided into Shilha of the Dra valley, Tasusit (the language of the Souss) and several other (mountain) dialects. Moreover, linguistic boundaries are blurred, such that certain dialects cannot accurately be described as either Central Morocco Tamazight (spoken in the Central and eastern Atlas area) or Shilha. The differences among all Moroccan dialects are not too pronounced: public radio news are broadcast using the various dialects; each journalist speaks his or her own dialect with the result that understanding is not obstructed, though most southern Berbers find that understanding Riff requires some getting used to.
French.
Within Morocco, French, one of the country's two prestige languages, is often used for business, diplomacy, and government. French serves as a lingua franca. Aleya Rouchdy, author of "Language Contact and Language Conflict in Arabic", said that "For all practical purposes, French is used as a second language."
Different figures of French speakers in Morocco are given. According to the OIF, 33% of Moroccans speak French, among them 13.5% fully francophone and 19.5% partially francophone. According to the 2004 census, nearly 69% of alphabetized people can read and write French.
Role and purpose of French.
French is mainly used in administration, banking, commerce, education, and industry. Rouchdy said that within Morocco, French "is the vehicle of science, technology, and modern culture." Rouchdy further explained that the language had been "maintained for instrumental purposes and for building contacts with the West in general." The French language became entrenched in various aspects of Moroccan society, including education, government, the media, and the private sector due to the French colonial authority enacting a policy to spread the French language throughout Morocco during the colonial era. As of 2005, trade with France makes up over 75% of Morocco's international trade. Moha Ennaji, author of "Multilingualism, Cultural Identity, and Education in Morocco", said "n this context, one can understand the important status of French, whose colonial connotations have been erased or at least drastically reduced by independence."
Moroccans learn the French language at school. Secondary school graduates tend to achieve French fluency, and many Moroccans become fluent in French in addition to Moroccan Arabic and use French as their second language. Most Moroccans who are bilingual in French and Arabic live in urban areas where they have strong contact with the French language and where there are high literacy rates. Many Moroccans learn French to conduct business with French tourists; gain access to information, science, and technology; and to attend French-speaking educational facilities. Ennaji said that Moroccans learn French for educational, pragmatic, and sociocultural reasons. Ennaji said "The degree of mastery of French depends on the bilingual's level of education and socio-economic background, for the higher the level of education and the wealthier the family background, the bigger the frequency of speaking French and the more frequent the alternative use of French and Moroccan Arabic by a bilingual. These factors determine the bilingual's ability to choose one or the other language in a particular speech situation." 
Abdelâli Bentahila, the author of the 1983 book "Language Attitudes among Arabic–French Bilinguals in Morocco", said that Moroccans who were bilingual in both French and Arabic commonly spoke French when discussing matters related to reading, while at a pharmacy, while discussing matters with a doctor or employer, and while discussing scientific and technical topics. Ennaji said that Moroccans tended to use French while discussing matters at work or at school, and therefore French is commonly spoken in offices and schools. If the other party in a conversation is French educated, Moroccans often speak in French or a mixture of Moroccan Arabic and French. French has a prestigious status in Moroccan society, so many bilingual Moroccans mix French and Moroccan Arabic in conversation or use French words in informal Moroccan Arabic conversations. According to Ennaji, in writing bilingual Moroccans only use French, and bilingual Moroccans tend to discuss scientific and technical topics only in French. In Morocco, French has connotations of formality.
Rouchdy said "The predominance of French implies that the chances of strengthening the place of Classical Arabic are reduced."
Attitudes towards French.
Despite the legacy of colonialism, according to Rouchdy, "French is still widely appreciated by both the ruling elite and the general public." Ennaji said "most Moroccans know that Standard Arabic does not meet all their societal needs and that a European language is necessary for the transfer of ideas and technology, and for communication with the world at large, even if this European language is none but the ex-coloniser's language." Rouchdy added that Classical/Modern Arabic and French are constantly in conflict with one another, but that most Moroccans believe that the bilingualism of Classical Arabic and French is the most optimal choice to allow for Morocco's development.
History of French.
In 1912 the French colonial authorities in Morocco introduced the French language to the country, making it the language of government administration, educational instruction, and the media; therefore Classical Arabic was only used for traditional activities and religious services. The French government had intended for the French culture and the French language to be viewed as "civilization and advancement". In 1956 Morocco declared independence, and in the government declared Classical Arabic as the official language. In the early 1960s the Moroccan government began the Arabization process. After independence, to facilitate economic growth and to increase its ties to Europe, the Moroccan government decided to strengthen its ties with France, resulting in the promotion of French. By 2005 Morocco engaged in economic liberalisation and privatization; Ennaji said that these activities, in many sectors, reinforced the usage of French.
French in art.
Within academic arts, French is the main language used. Academic art discourse had been conducted in French within a five decade period until 2010. Reviews of artwork and art journal articles mostly were published in French, while some newspaper coverage of gallery exhibits was in Arabic. French is the main language of art museums in Morocco. The Oudaya Museum, the national art museum, has object histories only in French, while many object labels are in Arabic and French. Moroccans imagined the audiences of museums and artwork as mostly Francophone. 
Katarzyna Pieprzak, author of "Imagined Museums: Art and Modernity in Postcolonial Morocco", said that the "modernist or academic visual art is a language that was learned in art schools in Europe."
Pieprzak concluded that "the use of French reflects a desire to be heard and to participate in a Western-controlled international art sphere and market" and that "French continues to serve as a lingua franca that unites Moroccan artists not only to Europe but also to Francophone Africa."
Spanish.
About 5 million Moroccans speak Spanish. Spanish is spoken by some Moroccans, especially in the northern regions. Spanish is mostly spoken in northern Morocco and the Spanish Sahara because Spain had previously occupied those areas. Moroccans in regions formerly controlled by Spain watch Spanish television and have interactions in Spanish on a daily basis.
After Morocco declared independence in 1956, French and Arabic became the main languages of administration and education, causing the role of Spanish to decline.
English.
English, while still far behind French and Spanish in terms of the number of speakers, is rapidly becoming the second foreign language of choice among educated youth, after French. As a result of national education reforms entering into force in late 2002, English will be taught in all public schools from the fourth year on. English is spoken sporadically in the business, science and education sectors but its usage and learning have grown over the last decade, especially since 2002, when English instruction was introduced from the 7th grade in public schools.
In Morocco English is used in education, international trade, and scientific research. Because it is the primary international language worldwide and because there are no colonial overtones, the language gained prestige within Morocco. In a survey held by Ennaji in the summers of 2000, 2001, and 2002, 58% of the respondents said that English was their favorite foreign language because it is the primary international prestige language. Heather Lea Moulaison, author of "Morocco — The New Era of Moroccan Libraries," said in 2012 that Moroccan society was increasingly accepting English as a lingua franca.

</doc>
<doc id="19009594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009594" title="Government Engineering College, Wayanad">
Government Engineering College, Wayanad

The Government Engineering College, Wayanad is an engineering college established and managed by the Government of Kerala, India. It was inaugurated in 1999 with an intake of 180 students in Computer Science, Electronics and Communication and Electrical and Electronics. A new course on Electircal and Electronics Engineering started in 2010 with intake of another 60 students. The college is affiliated to Kannur University. It also has a M.Tech course in Communication Engg. & Signal Processing with intake of 18 students in year of 2011.
The current Principal is Dr. Anil B., who is also the director of CERD.
GEC Wayanad is located at Thalapuzha, 6 km from Manathavady town.
The college is located in the hilly district of Wayanad. Wayanad was formerly called the `Wayalnadu` of Kerala, which is the elevated picturesque plateau on the crest of the Western ghats. This college is one among the four new engineering colleges in the state established in 1999. It was inaugurated by the Hon. Education Minister, Mr. P.J.Joseph on 17th Jan 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19009619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009619" title="Iosif Sîrbu">
Iosif Sîrbu

Iosif Sârbu (25 September 1925 – c. 6 September 1964) was a Romanian sports shooter and Romania’s first ever Olympic champion.
Sporting career.
He was born in Șibot, Alba County, Romania. His family moved to the Romanian capital of Bucharest when Iosif was 7 years old. His father, Dănilă Sârbu, soon got a job at the Tunari Sports Shooting Range, whose manager he became just after World War II. This provided an opportunity for young Iosif to take up sports shooting in 1937,at the age of 12. He won his first national level competition (Bucharest Cup) in 1939.
In the first national championship after the war (1946) he became Romanian champion in the Free Rifle, Standing event, scoring 358 points. His first international victory came in the Balkan championships in Belgrade (1948) where he won the Free Rifle, Prone event.
In the 1952 World Championships in Oslo, Norway, he won medals in all 4 events he participated in (2 gold and 2 silver medals). Shortly afterwards, in the 1952 Summer Olympic Games in Helsinki, he wins the Small-bore Rifle 50 metres, Prone event, scoring an absolute world and Olympic record of 400 points. This means he scored a maximum 10 points at every shot(there were 40 shots in total). The same was achieved by Soviet Boris Andreyev. However, according to the regulations in force at the time, Sârbu was awarded the gold medal, on grounds of his hitting the very center of the target 33 times, compared to Andreyev’s 28. The very center is in fact a small dot inside the 10-point area. Arthur C. Jackson of the U. S. took bronze with 398 points. Sârbu thus became Romania’s first Olympic champion in history, regardless of discipline.
Despite his declining eyesight, Iosif Sârbu took part in another two Olympics, finishing 5th in Melbourne, 1956 and 12th in Rome, 1960. He showed a tremendous bravery by switching to his left eye after the 1952 Olympics as the right eye, his aiming eye since childhood, was severely affected by the declining eyesight.
On 6 September 1964 he was found dead in his Bucharest home. The circumstances of his death were never officially explained or confirmed, but it is widely believed that he committed suicide, after a medical verdict not only denied him participation in the 1964 Olympic games in Tokyo, but stated he would never be able to compete again, because of his eye condition.
Legacy.
He is the first Romanian Olympic gold medalist and world record holder ever, in any discipline. The main sports shooting complex in Bucharest is named after him.
Quotes.
“In the big concert of sports, shooting is like (…) a sonata for solo violin. Everything is clear and forceful. And the shooter is alone. Alone with himself. Soccer’s trumpets are left far behind, beyond the wall of adolescence. In shooting, everything is serious and profound…”(from Iosif Sârbu’s essay, “The Olympics of the Year 2000”, 1960)
References.
Ioan Chirilă,Decatlonul de aur, Editura Stadion, București,1962 (includes Iosif Sârbu’s essay quoted above)
Horia Alexandrescu, Aur olimpic românesc, Editura Sport-Turism, București, 1979

</doc>
<doc id="19009648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009648" title="Emmy Rappe">
Emmy Rappe

"Emmy" Carolina Rappe (14 January 1835 – 19 October 1896), was a Swedish nurse and principal for a nursing school. She was one of the pioneers and founders of the Swedish nursing education. She was the first trained professional nurse and the first principal of the first nursing education in her country.
Rappe was born to Baron Adolf Fredrik Rappe and Ulrika Catharina Wilhelmina Hammarskjöld. She was given a strict education were a sense of duty and a sensible economy was regarded as important, and being unmarried, she stayed under the supervision of her family until the age of thirty. She had an early interest in medicine and nursing.
In 1866, the newly established Swedish Red Cross wished to establish a nursing school in Sweden, and was in search for an educated principal to head the institution. Sophie Adlersparre made a deal with Florence Nightingale, that the person selected for the task should be educated by Nightingale in London, and then advertised for a suitable candidate in her publication "Tidskrift för hemmet". 
Rappe was considered to be a suitable candidate to establish a proper school for the education of professional nurses in Sweden. She was sent as a student to Florence Nightingales school Florence Nightingale School of Nursing and Midwifery at St Thomas' Hospital in London in 1866. She was personally tutored by Florence Nightingale, who was pleased with her as a student. Rappe shared the view upon nursing as a call.
Emmy Rappe returned to Sweden in 1867, and studied at Sahlgrenska sjukhuset hospital in Göteborg and at others clinics in Stockholm. In 1867-1877, she was head nurse at the newly established Surgical Clinic at the Uppsala Academic Hospital, and principal of the nursing school there, which had been newly established by the Red Cross. She was a pioneer, and was often met with resistance from the authorities. As a Baroness, she aroused controversy bey engaging in such a profession, and she did, in fact, not accept any salary. She encouraged a sense of professional loyalty among nurses toward other nurses, and tried to raise the status of the profession by insisting on medical competence and high moral. In 1877-1886, she was supervisor for the Uppsala Central Hospital for the insane. After her retirement, she was active as a hospital inspector and within the Red Cross.
She awarded a royal medal for her services (1877).

</doc>
<doc id="19009653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009653" title="List of downloadable songs for the SingStar series">
List of downloadable songs for the SingStar series

"SingStar" is a series of music video games developed by SCE London Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation 3 video game consoles. Gameplay in the "SingStar" games requires players to sing along to music in order to score points, using "SingStar"-specific USB microphones which ship with the game. Over 70 different "SingStar" SKUs have been released worldwide, featuring over 1,500 disc-based songs.
Editions of "SingStar" for the PlayStation 3 support downloadable content in the form of additional songs for the game. Almost all songs are available for purchase individually, although some songs can only be purchased in themed packs of five. Over 1600 songs have been made available as downloadable content, including a total of 569 English-language songs. Songs are made available worldwide where possible, although regional differences exist due to licensing and censorship restrictions. The success of the SingStore exceeded the expectations of the game's developers, with over 2.2 million songs purchased from the online service as of August 2008.
__TOC__
External links.
"SingStore" catalogues:

</doc>
<doc id="19009659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009659" title="Index of Costa Rica-related articles">
Index of Costa Rica-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the Republic of Costa Rica.

</doc>
<doc id="19009682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009682" title="Great Dalby railway station">
Great Dalby railway station

Great Dalby railway station was a railway station serving the village of Great Dalby, Leicestershire on the Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway. It opened in 1879 and closed to regular traffic in 1953.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="19009692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009692" title="Adrian Wilson">
Adrian Wilson

Adrian Wilson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19009714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009714" title="Saxthorpe">
Saxthorpe

Saxthorpe is a village within the civil parish of Corpusty in the English county of Norfolk. The village is west south west of Cromer, north north west of Norwich and north east of London. The village lies south west of the town of Holt. The village is passed to the north and east by the B1149 between Holt and Norwich. The nearest railway station is at Sheringham for the Bittern Line which runs between Sheringham, Cromer and Norwich. The nearest airport is Norwich International Airport.
History.
Saxthorpe has an entry in the Domesday Book of 1085. In the great book Saxthorpe is recorded by the name ‘’Sastorp’’, “Saxiorp” and “Saxthorp” it is said to be in the ownership of the King and in the custardy of Godric, Count Alan and Ribralt from him. The survey also notes that there are 50 goats, 20 cattle and 4 cobs.
For more details about Saxthorpe and its sister village of Corpusty (divided by the River Bure) read the late Janet Wilson's "A History of Corpusty & Saxthorpe". Janet was a Corpusty native and spent most of her life living in the village; she was also schoolteacher at Corpusty for many years.
The Parish Church of St Andrew.
The Parish Church of Saint Andrew is constructed in 1482 by the lord of the manor although chancel and tower are thought to be older. The church has a 15th-century screen with tracery above panels which are decorated with flowers and foliage. The beams of the north aisle roof have a boss with a grinning lion carving. The altar rail is carved with pillars and balusters and date from the 17th century. The church is a Grade I listed building

</doc>
<doc id="19009730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009730" title="Bryan Bruce">
Bryan Bruce

Bryan Bruce is an award winning documentary maker, and author. Born in Scotland in 1948, his family emigrated to New Zealand in 1956. He grew up in Christchurch and attended the University of Canterbury where he graduated with an M.A. in Sociology and Philosophy. He now resides in Auckland New Zealand.
Some of his published non-fiction works include:
His feature length documentaries range in topic from natural history to crime.
He writes, produces and directs the real crime show "The investigator" which screens on TV ONE (Television New Zealand) and CBS Reality ([http://www.cbsreality.co.uk/shows.php?title=The%20Investigator]).
He is an advocate for the rights of children and administrates the face book page http://www.facebook.com/InsideChildPoverty 
http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Bryan_Bruce.jpg
Documentaries.
The following documentaries made by Bryan Bruce are lodged at The New Zealand Film Archive and can be found here.

</doc>
<doc id="19009754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009754" title="Jump! (film)">
Jump! (film)

Jump! is a 2008 British-Austrian drama film written and directed by Joshua Sinclair. It starred Ben Silverstone, Patrick Swayze and Martine McCutcheon. It was loosely based on the real-life Halsman murder case. The film was premiered on the 2009 Jewish Film Festival in June 2009. Swayze was unable to attend due to pancreatic cancer.
Synopsis.
Set in Austria, in 1928, with the spectre of Nazism on the rise, a young Jew, Philippe Halsman, is accused of patricide after his father's death during a hike through the Alps. His strained relationship with his father, and the apparent evidence that he has been struck on the head with a rock, point towards the son's guilt. Halsman is put on trial, in Innsbruck, where his case is taken up by one of the country's leading lawyers.

</doc>
<doc id="19009765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009765" title="OZ Minerals">
OZ Minerals

OZ Minerals () is an Australian mining company, formed from the merger of Oxiana Limited and Zinifex in 2008.
In 2009, Chinese state owned China Minmetals proposed a purchase of the heavily indebted company. The Chinese proposal was one of three high profile moves by Chinese firms to acquire stakes in the Australian mineral sector in early 2009. The China Minmetals offer along with other proposed purchases, especially the Chinalco planned stake in Rio Tinto, caused great public furor, adding political pressure to block Minmetals. The Australian government blocked the sale on 27 March 2009, citing concerns about the location of the Prominent Hill Mine within the sensitive military area. A deal not including Prominent Hill was approved, and the majority of the company was acquired by China Minmetals; the acquisitions became the company Minerals and Metals Group (MMG).
OZ now has only one major asset (Prominent Hill), but the sale more than eliminated the Company's debts, giving it cash in hand for operations.
In 2011, OZ Minerals acquired the Carapateena iron-oxide copper gold deposit 100km southeast of Olympic Dam.

</doc>
<doc id="19009774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009774" title="Dannreuther">
Dannreuther

Dannreuther may refer to the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="19009787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009787" title="Louise Flodin">
Louise Flodin

Louise Charlotta Kristina Flodin, née "Söderqvist", (September 17, 1828 – 1923), was a Swedish journalist, typographer, feminist and publisher. She was seen as the first woman in Sweden to be given a newspaper licence.
Flodin was born in Örebro and became an apprentice at a printing shop in 1856. She bought a printing press in Arboga in 1858, and started to publish the "Arboga Tidning"(Arboga Paper), which had one number a week. In the beginning, she was the only employee of her paper and performed all the tasks. She employed only women to the paper. She supervised all phases in the making of the paper from the writing to the printing and instructed her own typographers in the profession from the start. She was not the first female editor in Sweden. Women founded and managed papers in the 18th century - but she was the first to be formally and officially licensed as such, and she was seen by her contemporaries as a pioneer who opened a new field of profession for women.
In 1862, the paper was sold, and she moved to Stockholm, where she started and published the paper "Iris" in 1862–64, and in 1862–74 was a publisher and the manager of a printing press, were the staff consisted only of women. When women were officially admitted to the Publicistklubben (the Swedish Publicists' Association) in 1885, she was one of the first to be admitted. She married the publisher Sigfrid Flodin in 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="19009791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009791" title="Prominent Hill Mine">
Prominent Hill Mine

The Prominent Hill Mine is a major copper, silver and gold mine in north west South Australia, 130 km south-east of Coober Pedy, which has been developed by Oxiana Limited, later to become OZ Minerals. The deposit is an iron oxide copper gold style mineralisation.
The mine has cost A$1.15 billion to develop, and it is projected to produce 100,000 tonnes of copper and 115,000 oz of gold in concentrates a year.
History.
Oxiana Limited decided to develop the mine in August 2006, having first got involved in the project in 2003 and having bought its partner, Minotaur Exploration Limited in 2005.
The mine went into production in February 2009. The development includes an open-pit mine, a conventional grinding and flotation processing plant, construction of a permanent village to accommodate the workforce and construction of a haulage road, power line and bore field. Studies for underground development are underway.
Resources of the deposit are 152.8 Mt at 1.18% Cu, 0.48 g/t Au and 2.92 g/t Ag plus 38.3 Mt at 1.17 g/t Au of non-sulfide ore.
In contrast to the Olympic Dam deposit, an iron oxide copper gold deposit of similar age about 200 km to the southeast of Prominent Hill, uranium values do not exceed 150 ppm and therefore uranium recovery is not economical.
The mine was part of the sale of its assets by OZ Minerals to Minmetals Australia Pty Ltd but was blocked by the Australian Government, citing national security concerns. Wayne Swan, Treasurer of Australia, stated that Prominent Hill could not be included in the sale as it was within a sensitive military area and the sale of the other OZ Minerals mines only went ahead after Prominent Hill was excluded.
Ore from Prominent Hill travels to customers via the Adelaide–Darwin railway, which passes within 116 km of the mine to the Port of Darwin.
Geology and mineralogy.
The deposit is located in the Gawler Craton and it is hosted mainly in a fault zone where Hiltaba-Suite granites overthrust a Mesoproterozoic volcano-sedimentary sequence. The age of the mineralisation is about 1.58 billion years. It consists of a breccia containing host rock clasts (dolomite, sandstone, andesite) which is intensively hematite, chlorite and sericite altered. Major sulfide minerals are pyrite, chalcopyrite, bornite and chalcocite.

</doc>
<doc id="19009794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009794" title="Say Aha">
Say Aha

"Say Aha" is the fourth single by American artist Santigold, taken from her previously self-titled debut "Santogold".
Release and reception.
"Say Aha" was released on November 24 in the UK. The song appeared in television advertisements for Samsung. In the United States, a remix of "Say Aha" (as well as a remix of "L.E.S. Artistes") was featured in commercials for the Ford Flex.
"NME" said that the song "loses out considerably in the amazingness stakes simply by virtue of not being 'L.E.S. Artistes'. But [...] this is jaunty, dancehall-flecked and it's perfectly fine," giving the song an eight out of ten. A review from "Music Week" said the single "sounds sparkling" and "boasts a great chorus". Pitchfork Media described "Say Aha" as "perfect new wave bubblegum-- 2 Tone keyboards, phaser effects, a stomp-ready chorus, and a surf guitar solo to finish." The review said that the song "evoke that moment when rock's aggression met reggae's drive and depth". "The Times", strangely enough, labelled the track "annoying/endearing" but "worthy of the hype."
Music video.
The music video for "Say Aha" was filmed on Red Hook, Brooklyn's Van Brunt Street on June 18, 2008. Santogold was photographed on the video set with her extras, riding on bicycles with lifesized loudspeakers.

</doc>
<doc id="19009799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009799" title="1997 Marseille Open">
1997 Marseille Open

The 1997 Marseille Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Palais des Sports de Marseille in Marseille in France and was part of the World Series of the 1997 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from February 10 through February 16, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19009813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009813" title="Natalia Zuyeva">
Natalia Zuyeva

Natalia Vladimirovna Zuyeva (, born October 10, 1988) is a Russian rhythmic gymnast. She is the 2008 Olympic champion in the group all-around.
Career.
Zuyeva won gold in the group all-around at the 2006 European Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships in Moscow. She then won gold medals at the 2007 World Championships in Patras, Greece and the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. 
Zuyeva has also competed in Latin dance competitions in Russia and northern Europe. 
Personal life.
Zuyeva lives in Belgorod.

</doc>
<doc id="19009833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009833" title="David Dias">
David Dias

David Bartolomeu Dias (born 21 April 1969 in Luanda) is a former Angolan basketball power forward. He competed at the 1992, 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics with the Angola national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="19009842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009842" title="Adrian Wilson (book designer)">
Adrian Wilson (book designer)

Adrian Wilson (b 1923 d 3 February 1988) was an influential book designer, and author of the classic 1967 work entitled "The Design of Books".
Biography.
Adrian Wilson was born in the United States of America in 1923, in Michigan. He spent only a brief period in college before joining the war resistance movement.
During World War II he was interned at Camp Angel, Waldport, where he printed William Everson's anti-war poems for Untide Press.
After the war he and his new wife, Joyce Lancaster Wilson, settled in San Francisco and helped to form the Interplayers Theater. In 1947 he studied architecture at the University of California, Berkeley, but soon left, firstly to join Jack Stauffacher at the Greenwood Press, and afterwards to join the University of California Press. After a few years he left the Press, but he accepted commissions from them for many years. In 1957 appeared his "Printing for Theatre".
In 1958 he sold his press and he and his wife began a tour of Europe, where they met Will Carter, John Dreyfus, Hermann Zapf, Stanley Morison, Beatrice Warde and Giovanni Mardersteig.
In 1983 he was an early recipient of a MacArthur Foundation award.

</doc>
<doc id="19009848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009848" title="Name Rank and Number">
Name Rank and Number

Name Rank and Number can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19009857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009857" title="Scalford railway station">
Scalford railway station

Scalford railway station was a railway station serving the village of Scalford, Leicestershire on the Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway. It opened in 1879 and closed to regular traffic in 1953. It was the junction for a branch line to Waltham on the Wolds which was built to exploit ironstone deposits in the area.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="19009875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009875" title="1998 Open 13">
1998 Open 13

The 1998 Open 13 was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts in Marseille, France, that was part of the International Series of the 1998 ATP Tour. It was the sixth edition of the tournament and was held 2–9 February 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19009877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009877" title="Ina Clough">
Ina Clough

Ina Clough (10 November 1920 – 25 January 2003) was an English character and bit-part actress.
Clough's first filmed role was in the Mike Leigh film "Bleak Moments" (1971), and she later appeared on television in "Z-Cars" (1971), "All Creatures Great and Small" (1988), "Last of the Summer Wine" (1986/1988), "Cracker" (1994), "Hetty Wainthropp Investigates" (1996) and "Coronation Street" (1997). Film credits include "" (1997) and "This Filthy Earth" (2001).

</doc>
<doc id="19009886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009886" title="Long Clawson and Hose railway station">
Long Clawson and Hose railway station

Long Clawson and Hose railway station was a railway station serving the villages of Long Clawson and Hose, Leicestershire on the Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway. It opened in 1879 and closed to regular traffic in 1953.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="19009896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009896" title="The Fashion Show (UK TV series)">
The Fashion Show (UK TV series)

The Fashion Show is a British television programme which debuted on ITV2 on 11 September 2008. The programme was originally titled "The Fashion Project".
The show originally aired at 8pm on ITV2 as part of XXL Thursday, the show was moved to an earlier 7pm slot for episodes 4-8 to accommodate CelebAir which was moved due to poor ratings, the show returned to its original 8pm slot for the final 2 episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="19009899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009899" title="Lindleya">
Lindleya

Lindleya is a genus of Mexican evergreen trees of the family Rosaceae. The sole species, L. mespiloides, grows to a height of and bears solitary white fragrant flowers in summer. The fruit are dry dehiscent capsules.
Taxonomic history.
"Lindleya", along with "Vauquelinia" and "Kageneckia" were formerly placed in family Quillajaceae.. It shares a base chromosome number of 17 with the pome-fruited members of tribe Maleae within the Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19009900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009900" title="Quix*o*tic">
Quix*o*tic

Quix*o*tic was a rock band active from 1997 to 2002 in the area of Washington, D.C., United States. They were known for their blend of R&B and doo wop with a creepy Gothic vibe.
History.
Quix*o*tic formed in 1997. The original line-up was guitarist/vocalist Christina Billotte, drummer/vocalist Mira Billotte, and bassist/vocalist Brendan Majewski. Majewski left in 2001 and was replaced by Mick Barr. The band broke up in 2003 with Mira moving to NYC to form White Magic. 
The band was well received and opened for Fugazi at their last U.S. show to date on July 1, 2002 at Fort Reno Park in Washington, D.C.. The group also toured with Papa M, Will Oldham, and extensively with Sonic Youth.
The band played the Sonic Youth-curated All Tomorrow's Parties Festival in Los Angeles in March 2002.
A single, "Heliotrope," was released on their own Ixor Stix label in 1998. This was followed by their album "Night for Day" (also on Ixor Stix), which featured a cover of The Miracles 1962 song "What's So Good About Goodbye." The second album, "Mortal Mirror", was released on the Kill Rock Stars label in 2002 with covers of Aaron Neville's "Tell It Like It Is", Billy Stewart's "Sitting in the Park" and Black Sabbath's "Lord of This World".
Quix*o*tic should not be confused with Quixotic - an unrelated electronica band formed in NYC in 2005.
Bassist Brendan Majewski committed suicide in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19009903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009903" title="Index of Croatia-related articles">
Index of Croatia-related articles

This page list topics related to Croatia.
See also.
Lists.
List of cities in Croatia - List of Croats

</doc>
<doc id="19009918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009918" title="Waad (disambiguation)">
Waad (disambiguation)

Waad is the reported name of a missile used by Hezbollah during the 2006 Lebanon War.
Waad may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19009927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009927" title="Anthony Legge">
Anthony Legge

Professor Anthony James Legge (1939-2013). After attending the Cambridge High School for Boys, he began work at the Institute of Animal Physiology, Babraham, Cambridge, in the Pig Physiology unit with Dr Lawrence Mount. After National Service, Legge returned to the Babraham Institute, leaving there in 1966 to enter Churchill College, Cambridge, as a mature student. He graduated in 1969, being awarded the college Special Book Prize for merit. Legge then joined Eric Higgs' research group at Cambridge investigating the early origins of agriculture, where he specialised in archaeofaunal analysis. He worked on the animal remains from Nahal Oren, and from Tell Abu Hureyra in Syria, which was to become a lifelong project. After working with Higgs until 1974, Legge was appointed to the University of London Department of Continuing Education, soon to become part of Birkbeck College. Legge was appointed as Professor of Environmental Archaeology there in 2002. 
Work on Tell Abu Hureyra has shown that this is one of the few sites where the process of plant and animal domestication can be followed in detail, and is the only such site dug with modern methods with abundant samples of the organic remains needed in such investigations (see also Gordon Hillman). The first volume of this work has been published. 
Legge was also involved in archaeological faunal analyses in Britain, Cyprus, Spain, Serbia,and Croatia, in each region seeking to follow the nature of animal domestication there.
At Grimes Graves in England, he studied the animal bones from two Bronze Age middens, where the inhabitants kept cattle, some sheep and a few pigs, and from these remains, he identified an intensive form of dairy husbandry. This finding was based on herd structure and on the frequency of cull of the young cattle. This interpretation stimulated some controversy in 1981, though more recent work on milk residues in Neolithic and Bronze Age pottery shows that this form of husbandry was indeed widespread in European prehistory. Work in Spain at a Bronze Age farming site also showed evidence for dairy husbandry there, but also with evidence for extensive hunting and trade in furs, skins, and other organic materials. Legge worked with Peter Rowley-Conwy on a re-analysis of the animal remains from the Mesolithic site of Star Carr in England, their work showing that human settlement at that site was in summer rather than in winter as was first proposed, and re-interpreting the hunting activities there. 
Legge was a Senior Fellow in the MacDonald Institute for Archeological Research at Cambridge, where he continued to work on material from Tell Abu Hureyra, and Tell el Amarna in Egypt (with Professor Barry Kemp ) until his death in February 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19009930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009930" title="Barnstone railway station">
Barnstone railway station

Barnstone railway station was a railway station serving the villages of Barnstone, Granby and Langar, Nottinghamshire, on the Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway. It opened in 1879 and closed to regular traffic in 1953.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="19009934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009934" title="Louis VII de Gramont, 6th Duke of Gramont">
Louis VII de Gramont, 6th Duke of Gramont

Louis VII of Gramont (29 May 1689 – Battle of Fontenoy, 11 May 1745) was Duke of Gramont and a French general in the War of Austrian Succession.
He was the son of Marshal of France Antoine V de Gramont and Marie-Christine de Noailles (1672–1748), daughter of Marshal of France Anne-Jules, 2nd duc de Noailles.
On 11 March 1720 he married Geneviève de Gontaut (1696–1756), daughter of Marshal of France Charles-Armand de Gontaut, duc de Biron (1663–1756), and had three children.
He became Duke of Gramont after the death of his elder brother Antoine VI in 1741.
Louis of Gramont is best known for his role in the Battle of Dettingen, when his uncle Adrien-Maurice, 3rd duc de Noailles had manoeuvered the British and Austrians into a trap, exposed to the French artillery from the other side of the Main. Louis de Gramont was at the head of a blocking force of some 23,000 troops and was ordered to prevent an allied breakout. Instead he launched an all-out attack, which forced the French artillery to stop firing and with the attack spent and the French out of their defenses, the allies' counter-attack drove Gramont's force across and into the river, opening the road to Hanau and out of the trap.
He fought the allies again in the Battle of Fontenoy and was killed.

</doc>
<doc id="19009946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009946" title="WNWS (AM)">
WNWS (AM)

WNWS (1520 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Soft Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Brownsville, Tennessee, USA. The station is currently owned by The Wireless Group Inc.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19009950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009950" title="Francis Austin">
Francis Austin

The Very Reverend Francis Webster Austin (4 November 1829, Clapham, Surrey – 1905, Abingdon) was an Anglo-Guyanese clergyman, Dean of St George's Cathedral, Georgetown, Guyana from 1884 until 1890.
Francis Webster Austin was the son of the Rev. Wiltshire Stanton Austin and Dunkin Webster. He was educated at King's College London and Jesus College, Cambridge, gaining his BA in 1855. Ordained deacon in 1856, he was briefly Curate of St Nicholas, Cardiff before emigrating to Guyana. He married his cousin, Jo Austin, in 1858. Initially Diocesan Registrar he was then successively Rural Dean of Berbice, Archdeacon of Demerara, Guyana and then Dean of the Diocese’s Cathedral from 1884 to 1890. Before Austin's appointment, William Piercy Austin, Bishop since 1840, had also served as Dean.
Returning to England he became Rector of West Ilsley, Berkshire in 1892. Living in Abingdon in 1904, he died there in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="19009951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009951" title="Mindre teatern">
Mindre teatern

Mindre teatern ("The Smaller Theatre"), Nya teatern ("The New Theatre"), Lindeberska teatern ("The Lindeberg Theatre"), was a Swedish theatre at Kungsgatan in Stockholm, active 1842-1863. The building was used as localitites for the Royal Dramatic Theatre in 1863-1908. 
History.
The theatre was founded by Anders Lindeberg in 1842 after the theatre monopoly of the Royal Dramatic theatre was abolished. It was called Mindre teatern (The Smaller Theatre), as the old Royal Dramatic theatre was called "The Big Theatre", Nya teatern (The New Theatre), and also Lindeberska teatern (The Lindeberg Theatre), after its founder. 
It became a popular theatre, which rivaled the royal Theatre. In 1863, the theatre was sold to the Royal Theatre and dissolved. The building itself became the new house for the Royal Dramatic Theatre, who also employed many of the actors, and continued as such for 45 years. It was the fourth building to serve as localities for the royal theatre. When the royal opera and the royal theatre shared building, the Royal Dramatic Theatre was often called "The Small stage", while the Royal Swedish Opera was called "The Big stage", and this continued after they were separated. 
Eventually, the building was deemed inadequate, and when the new building for the royal theatre was finished in 1908, it was demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="19009953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009953" title="1999 Open 13">
1999 Open 13

The 1999 Open 13 was an ATP tournament held in Marseille, France. The tournament was held from February 1 to February 8.

</doc>
<doc id="19009956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009956" title="Fame Is the Spur">
Fame Is the Spur

Fame is the Spur can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19009965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009965" title="1999 World Youth Championships in Athletics">
1999 World Youth Championships in Athletics

The 1999 World Youth Championships in Athletics was the first edition of the World Youth Championships in Athletics. It was held in Bydgoszcz, Poland from July 16 to July 18, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19009976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009976" title="Bingham Road (Notts) railway station">
Bingham Road (Notts) railway station

Bingham Road railway station, on the Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway, was one of two stations serving the village of Bingham, Nottinghamshire. It opened in 1879 and closed to regular traffic in 1951. The other station, Bingham on the Great Northern Railway Grantham to Nottingham line, is still open.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="19009979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009979" title="Shkodran Metaj">
Shkodran Metaj

Shkodran Metaj (Serbo-Croat: "Škodran Metaj") (born 5 February 1988 in Studenica, Peć, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Dutch footballer of Kosovan descent. He currently plays for Dutch Eerste Divisie club FC Emmen.
Career.
Metaj started to play football with amateur club VV Froombosch, before being scouted by Dutch top flight club FC Groningen, who then signed him and entered him into their youth system. 
Metaj also represented occasionally the Netherlands as several youth levels, including Netherlands U16, Netherlands U17 and Netherlands U21. Just before the 2007–08 Eredivisie season started, he was asked to join FC Groningen's senior squad. On September 2, 2007, Metaj made his professional debut in an away game against AFC Ajax, and later signed a contract due to expire in 2012.
Metaj spent the 2009–10 season on loan to newly promoted Eredivisie side RKC Waalwijk, with the aim for the youngster to make more first team experience. In the next season he again played few matches for FC Groningen, so he left on loan to FC Emmen. In the summer of 2012 he finally left FC Groningen and signed with FC Emmen.

</doc>
<doc id="19009992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19009992" title="Cornwall Square">
Cornwall Square

Cornwall Square (also known as The Square) is a major shopping centre located in Cornwall, Ontario, owned by Charter Real Estate Investment Trust and operated by Redcliff Realty Management Inc. The shopping mall is located on Water Street at the corner of Pitt Street and Sydney Street.
Cornwall Square is the largest mall in the Cornwall area. The mall has a total of over 70 stores and services on two levels, at one end is Sears and the other No Frills. Sears is on two levels of the building, No Frills is one, just above that is the food court. Some other stores are La Senza, Le Château, Stitches, Bluenotes, Garage, Game Stop, Foot Locker and Shoppers Drug Mart.
Stores and Services.
List of stores as of August 2008:

</doc>
<doc id="19010024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010024" title="Commissioner for Children and Young People, Northern Ireland">
Commissioner for Children and Young People, Northern Ireland

The Commissioner for Children and Young People, Northern Ireland is a publicly funded post, with responsibility for protecting children's rights as set out in the Convention on the Rights of the Child. Nigel Williams was the Commissioner from its introduction in 2003 until his death in 2006. 
In day-to-day operation, the Commissioner is independent and free to determine his/her own priorities according to a number of guiding principles chief of which is a requirement that the rights of the child must be the Commissioner's paramount consideration; but also including, for example, a requirement to have regard to the role of parents. The remit includes the full spectrum of public authorities whose activities affect children and young people – including those operating in the non-devolved field, such as juvenile justice agencies, also to investigate complaints from individuals in particular circumstances.

</doc>
<doc id="19010025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010025" title="Basketball Arena (London)">
Basketball Arena (London)

The Basketball Arena for the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Paralympics was located in the Olympic Park in Stratford, London. The arena was designed to be fully recyclable, and was dismantled pending sale in January 2013.
History.
London's Olympic bid proposed that there would be four arenas in the Olympic Park, but the revised masterplan published in 2006 reduced this to three, with the volleyball matches being moved to Earls Court Exhibition Centre. The fencing arena was also cancelled, and the fencing took place at ExCeL.
The Basketball Arena has 12,000 seats for Olympic basketball and the semi-finals and finals of the Olympic handball, and 10,000 for Paralympic wheelchair basketball and wheelchair rugby. The arena was also used as a holding area for athletes during the Opening and Closing Ceremonies of the games. Concept designs by Wilkinson Eyre Architects & KSS Design Group (sports consultants) were agreed in June 2008 and a planning application was submitted in November 2008. It is a temporary venue, and the largest built for any Games. The possibility of subsequently deconstructing the arena and transporting it to Rio de Janeiro for the 2016 Summer Olympics was discussed, though the plan has been shelved due to doubts from some Brazilian officials about its feasibility.
In early October 2008 it was speculated that Wembley Arena could be used as a replacement venue for the preliminary rounds of the 2012 Olympic basketball tournament instead of the Basketball Arena, thus saving up to £90 million, but in March 2009 it was confirmed that a new arena would be built in Stratford as originally proposed.
In late October 2009 it was announced that preparatory work had begun on the site and Paisley-based Barr Construction would begin building the main arena in spring 2010. The basketball arena took 15 months to build and was completed in June 2011.
In late 2012, it was announced that the arena will be demolished in the coming years. This is because the arena was only temporary for the Olympics. It is predicted that it will not be deconstructed until at least 2013. The materials of the arena are recyclable, meaning that the remaining debris can be recycled efficiently. The arena was officially put up for sale on 20 January 2013 by GL events Slick Seating.
The Brief.
A simple to erect structure, but also a world-class sporting venue. Sustainability was another important concern. The arena was made out of sturdy individual components that could be easily dismantled and sub-divided for reuse elsewhere, with over two‐thirds of the materials and components to be recyclable.
Construction.
Instead of using a concrete sub-structure,a lightweight steel frame was used, with cladding. This meant the building (frame and cladding) was constructed in six weeks. The venue, a 30m‐high rectangular volume (the equivalent of a seven‐storey building) was made out of a steel portal frame and wrapped in 20,000 sqm of lightweight phthalate‐free and recyclable PVC plastic. This translucent bespoke cladding was then stretched across the steel framing modules that pushed the fabric out and created the three‐dimensional undulating pattern along the sides. An interwoven blackout layer was used in the roof fabric, this reduced most of the daylight during game sessions and maintained a fully controllable artificial lighting for use by the media and game spectators. The external fabric walls were translucent, allowing daylight to pass through during the day and artificial lighting to be visible during the evening.
The architects worked with United Visual Artists (specialists in concert lighting and installations) to create lighting and colour‐changing effects for the evening games. The result was a dynamic illumination which, at night, transforms the white surface into a variety of saturated colours and strong silhouettes of the steel frame, creating the biggest light installation on the Olympic park.

</doc>
<doc id="19010033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010033" title="Sulfametrole">
Sulfametrole

Sulfametrole (INN) is a sulfonamide antibacterial.
It can be given with trimethoprim.

</doc>
<doc id="19010055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010055" title="Dmitry Lepikov">
Dmitry Lepikov

Dmitry Mikhaylovich Lepikov (; born 21 April 1972) is a retired Russian freestyle swimmer. 
He had his best achievements in the 4×200 m freestyle relay. In this event he won a gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics, setting a new world record, and two European gold medalds in 1991 and 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19010059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010059" title="Tamaryn Hendler">
Tamaryn Hendler

Tamaryn Hendler (born 12 August 1992, Cape Town), better known as Tammy Hendler, is a Belgian tennis player. 
Hendler reached the quarter-finals in the 2008 US Open Girls' singles tournament and the semi-finals at 2008 Junior Wimbledon. She has won 4 ITF Singles titles and 3 ITF Doubles titles in her career according to the ITF website. She has represented Belgium in the Fed Cup competition in several ties since 2007.
Hendler resides in Bradenton, Florida.
She has played in all 4 Grand Slam qualifying events in 2012. At Roland Garros she reached the second round of qualifying for the first time in her career.

</doc>
<doc id="19010068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010068" title="2000 Open 13">
2000 Open 13

The 2000 Open 13 was an ATP tournament held in Marseille, France. The tournament was held from February 7 to February 14.

</doc>
<doc id="19010072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010072" title="Israelites (disambiguation)">
Israelites (disambiguation)

Israelites may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19010101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010101" title="Sulfafurazole">
Sulfafurazole

Sulfafurazole (INN, also known as sulfisoxazole) is a sulfonamide antibacterial with an oxazole substituent. It has antibiotic activity against a wide range of Gram-negative and Gram-positive organisms. It is sometimes given in combination with erythromycin (see erythromycin/Sulfafurazole) or phenazopyridine. It is used locally in a 4% solution or ointment.

</doc>
<doc id="19010103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010103" title="Copper Box">
Copper Box

The Copper Box is a multi-sport venue used for the 2012 Summer Olympics, located in the Olympic Park in Hackney Wick, London, England. Previously known as the Handball Arena, it was renamed because, aside from handball, it hosted modern pentathlon (fencing) during the Olympics and was the goalball venue for the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
History.
London's Olympic bid proposed that there would be four indoor arenas in the Olympic Park, in addition to other main venues, but the revised masterplan published in 2006 reduced this to three, with the volleyball being moved to Earls Court Exhibition Centre. The fencing arena was also cancelled, and the fencing took place at ExCeL. Construction of the building was completed on time in early 2011 and came in under budget. The design incorporates light pipes and rainwater collectors to reduce both energy and water use by 40%. Test events were successfully hosted at the venue ahead of the Olympic and Paralympic Games in 2012.
In January 2012, the venue was renamed the Copper Box from the Handball Arena, thus reflecting the look of the building and the fact that it would not just be used for Handball. English Handball campaigned for the rebrand to be reversed.
Olympics.
The Copper Box has 7,000 seats. It was used for handball preliminaries and modern pentathlon fencing during the Olympic Games, and for goalball during the Paralympic Games. The handball men's quarter-finals, all semi-finals and both finals were held at the larger Basketball Arena.
The Copper Box was praised for its loud, exciting atmosphere during handball games. For the Paralympics goalball events the crowd in the Box must be silent.
Post-Olympics.
The venue has been adapted into a multi-sport arena for community use, athlete training and small-to-medium scale events. It is the only permanent indoor sports arena retained in the Olympic Park, as the temporary Basketball Arena facility has been relocated.
On 8 August 2012, it was announced that British Basketball League side London Lions would re-locate to the Copper Box for the 2013–14 season. Lions played their first game at the Copper Box on 14 August 2013 infront of a sell-out crowd, losing 72-107 to American college team Iowa Hawkeyes in the exhibition match.
The Copper Box has been chosen to host the London 'Grand Prix Badminton' in 2013 from 1 October until the finals on 6 October.
The London Grand Prix forms part of the Badminton World Federations BWF Gold series.
London GD, one of the oldest Handball clubs, in the country will use the venue for its home matches.
The floor was badly damaged during a mass fitness event in January 2014, resulting in several netball internationals having to be played elsewhere at the last minute.
Mixed martial arts promotion BAMMA will hold an event at the Copper Box on April 5th, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19010110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010110" title="James M. Tunnell, Jr.">
James M. Tunnell, Jr.

James Miller Tunnell, Jr (June 17, 1910 – January 10, 1986) was the Democratic Party nominee for United States Senator from Delaware in the United States Senate elections, 1966. He served as a Justice of the Delaware Supreme Court from 1951 to 1954. In 1951, when Delaware opted to establish a Supreme Court, Governor Elbert N. Carvel offered appointments to both Tunnell and Daniel F. Wolcott. According to Carvel, each "declared their unwillingness to serve if the other was chief justice", leading Carvel to appoint both as associate justices, and Clarence A. Southerland as Chief Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="19010113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010113" title="Index of Cyprus-related articles">
Index of Cyprus-related articles

This page list topics related to Cyprus.
__NOTOC__
0-9.
2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis
J.
Jobs In Cyprus
See also.
Lists.
Districts of Cyprus

</doc>
<doc id="19010123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010123" title="Age of Legal Capacity (Scotland) Act 1991">
Age of Legal Capacity (Scotland) Act 1991

The Age of Legal Capacity (Scotland) Act 1991 (c.50) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom applicable only in Scotland which replaced the pre-existing rule of pupillage and minority with a simpler rule that a person has full legal capacity at the age of 16.
Under the previous Scots law (derived from Roman law), a child to the age of 12 if female, or 14 if male, had legal status of "pupil" and was under legal control of an adult (usually parent or parents) deemed "tutor". From that age until the age of majority the child had legal status of a "minor", and might have a responsible adult deemed "curator" or have no responsible adult (being referred to as "fors familiated"). The Scottish age of majority was originally 21 until reduced to 18 by the "Age of Majority (Scotland) Act 1969". Pupils lacked any capacity to enter into legal contracts. Minors had capacity to enter into contracts, which included the capacity to make a will, but subject to rights to have these reduced by a court in certain circumstances, and sometimes requiring their curators consent. The rules as to when contracts did or did not require consent, and which were potentially reducible by court were complex. The age to enter into marriage was originally the age of minority, but this was raised to 16 years by the Age of Marriage Act 1929, and confirmed in the Marriage (Scotland) Act 1977.
Under the Age Legal Capacity Scotland Act 1991 the old rules and terms were replaced. The basic rule under the replacement regime is that under 16s have no legal capacity. This is qualified by section 2 which provides that under 16s can: 
1) enter into a contract of a kind commonly entered into by persons of their age group, and on terms which are not unreasonable;
2) from age 12, make a Will, and are deemed to have capacity to instruct a lawyer to act on their behalf. The right to consent to an adoption was also subsequently inserted into this section by the Children (Scotland) Act 1995. 
In all other cases the legal Guardian of the under 16 has legal right to deal with all contractual and consent matters on the childs behalf.
From age 16 a person has full legal capacity to enter into any form of agreement. This subject to protection for younger persons by means of a right (under section 3) while under the age of 21, to have a contract made between the ages of 16 and 18 set aside as a "prejudicial transaction". The test is whether a reasonably prudent adult would not have entered into such a contract, and the person has been prejudiced by entering into that contract. Under section 4 a contract may be approved in advance by a court, in which case it cannot later be reduced. Contracts entered into in the course of the young person's business, or where they misrepresented their age also cannot be reduced.
There is also specific provision for persons having their birthday on 29th February; under section 6 they are treated as having their birthday on 1st March in every non-leap year for purposes of calculating their age.

</doc>
<doc id="19010124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010124" title="Beelzebub">
Beelzebub

Beelzebub or Beel-Zebub ( or ; (, "Baʿal Zəvûv"; , ""; is another name for the Devil.
In later Christian and Biblical sources, he is referred to as another name for Devil, and in Christian demonology, is one of the seven princes of Hell according to Catholic views on Hell.
Christianity.
Old Testament.
The source for the name "Beelzebub" is in .
"Ba‘al Zəbûb" is variously understood to mean "lord of the flies" or "lord of the (heavenly) dwelling". Originally the name of a Philistine god, "Ba'al", meaning "Lord" in Ugaritic, was used in conjunction with a descriptive name of a specific god. The Septuagint renders the name as "Baalzebub" (βααλζεβούβ) and as "Baal muian" (βααλ μυιαν, "Baal of flies"), but Symmachus the Ebionite may have reflected a tradition of its offensive ancient name when he rendered it as "Beelzeboul".
Scholars are divided, in regard to the god of Ekron, between the belief that "zebub" may be the original affix to Baal and that it is a substitute for an original "zbl" which, after the discoveries of Ras Shamra, has been connected with the title of "prince", frequently attributed to Baal in mythological texts. In addition to the intrinsic weakness of this last position, which is not supported by the versions, is the fact that it was long ago suggested that there was a relationship between the Philistine god and cults of fly or apotropaic divinities appearing in the Hellenic world, such as Zeus Apomyios or Myiagros. It is exactly this last connection which is confirmed by the Ugaritic text when we examine how Baal affects the expulsion of the flies which are the patient's sickness. According to Francesco Saracino (1982) this series of elements may be inconclusive as evidence, but the fact that in relationship to Baal Zebub, the two constituent terms are here linked, joined by a function ("ndy") that is typical of some divinities attested in the Mediterranean world, is a strong argument in favor of the authenticity of the name of the god of Ekron, and of his possible therapeutic activities, which are implicit in , etc.
Testament of Solomon.
In the "Testament of Solomon", Beelzebul (not Beelzebub) appears as prince of the demons and says (6.2) that he was formerly a leading heavenly angel who was (6.7) associated with the star Hesperus (which is the normal Greek name for the planet Venus (Αφροδíτη) as evening star). Seemingly, Beelzebul here is simply Lucifer. Beelzebul claims to cause destruction through tyrants, to cause demons to be worshipped among men, to excite priests to lust, to cause jealousies in cities and murders, and to bring on war. The "Testament of Solomon" is a Hellenistic Old Testament pseudepigraphical work, purportedly written by King Solomon, in which Solomon mostly describes particular demons whom he enslaved to help build the temple, with substantial Christian interpolations.
New Testament.
In , the Pharisees accuse Jesus of driving out demons by the power of Beelzeboul, prince of demons, the name also appearing in the expanded version in and . The name also occurs in .
It is unknown whether Symmachus was correct in identifying these names, because we otherwise know nothing about either of them. "Zeboul" might derive from a slurred pronunciation of "zebûb"; from "zebel", a word used to mean "dung" in the Targums; or from Hebrew "zebûl" found in in the phrase "bêt-zebûl", "lofty house".
In any case, the form "Beelzebub" was substituted for "Beelzeboul" in the Syriac translation and Latin Vulgate translation of the gospels, and this substitution was repeated in the King James Version of the Bible, the resulting in the form "Beelzeboul" being mostly unknown to Western European and descendant cultures until some more recent translations restored it.
Beelzebub is also identified in the New Testament as the Devil, "prince of the demons". Biblical scholar Thomas Kelly Cheyne suggested that it might be a derogatory corruption of "Ba‘al Zəbûl", "Lord of the High Place" (i.e., Heaven) or "High Lord".
In Arabic, the name is retained as "Ba‘al dhubaab / zubaab" (بعل الذباب), literally "Lord of the flies". 
Christian tradition.
Texts of the "Acts of Pilate" (also known as the "Gospel of Nicodemus") vary in whether they use "Beelzebul" or "Beelzebub". The name is used by Hades as a secondary name for the Devil, but it may vary with each translation of the text; other versions give the name Beelzebub as Beelzebub, but separates him from the devil.
Christian demonology and occult.
Beelzebub is commonly described as placed high in Hell's hierarchy. According to the stories of the 16th-century occultist Johann Weyer, Beelzebub led a successful revolt against the Devil, is the chief lieutenant of Lucifer, the Emperor of Hell, and presides over the Order of the Fly. Similarly, the 17th-century exorcist Sebastien Michaelis, in his "Admirable History" (1612), placed Beelzebub among the three most prominent fallen angels, the other two being Lucifer and Leviathan, whereas two 18th-century works identified an unholy trinity consisting of Beelzebub, Lucifer, and Astaroth. John Milton featured Beelzebub seemingly as the second-ranking of the many fallen cherubim in the epic poem "Paradise Lost", first published in 1667. Milton wrote of Beelzebub, "than whom, Satan except, none higher sat." Beelzebub is also a character in John Bunyan's "The Pilgrim's Progress", first published in 1678.
Sebastien Michaelis associated Beelzebub with the deadly sin of pride. However, according to Peter Binsfeld, Beelzebub was the demon of gluttony, one of the other seven deadly sins, whereas Francis Barrett asserted that Beelzebub was the prince of false gods. In any event, Beelzebub was frequently named as an object of supplication by confessed witches.
Within religious circles, the accusation of demon possession has been used as both an insult and an attempt to categorise unexplained behavior. Not only have the Pharisees disparagingly accused Jesus of using Beelzebub's demonic powers to heal people (Luke 11:14–26), but others have been labeled possessed for acts of an extreme nature. Down through history, Beelzebub has been held responsible for many cases of demon possession, such as that of Sister Madeleine de Demandolx de la Palud, Aix-en-Provence in 1611, whose relationship with Father Jean-Baptiste Gaufridi led not only to countless traumatic events at the hands of her inquisitors but also to the torture and execution of that "bewitcher of young nuns", Gaufridi himself. Beelzebub was also imagined to be sowing his influence in Salem, Massachusetts: his name came up repeatedly during the Salem witch trials, the last large-scale public expression of witch hysteria in North America or Europe, and afterwards, Rev. Cotton Mather wrote a pamphlet entitled "Of Beelzebub and his Plot".
Judaism.
The name "Baʿal Zəvûv" () is found in , where King Ahaziah of Israel, after seriously injuring himself in a fall, sends messengers to inquire of Ba‘al Zebûb, the god of the Philistine city of Ekron, to learn if he will recover.
Elijah the Prophet then condemns Ahaziah to die by God's words because Ahaziah sought counsel from Ba‘al Zebûb rather than from God.
Rabbinical literature commentary equates Baal Zebub of Ekron as lord of the "fly." The word "Ba‘al Zebûb" in rabbinical texts is a mockery of the Ba'al religion, which ancient Hebrews considered to be idol worship.
Jewish scholars have interpreted the title of "Lord of Flies" as the Hebrew way of calling Ba'al a pile of dung and comparing Ba'al followers to flies.
Notes and references.
The demon that causes accidents
The Lord showed him, Beelzebuk, who is the demon that causes accidents and killings. Samuel drew a diagram of this demon, which will have one-on-one combat with archangel Michael in the last days.
"You believers, learn to pray before (and cover yourself in) the journey, and dress as a Christian and let your character be as a Christian character, because satan has sent his blood-sucking demons to bring blood for him to use. Therefore beware and pray earnestly, because Beelzebuk has already fired darts to cause accidents. Therefore let my Name be praised. It is by mercy that thou art alive to this day."

</doc>
<doc id="19010133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010133" title="Tetroxoprim">
Tetroxoprim

Tetroxoprim (INN) is a derivative of trimethoprim. It was first described in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19010137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010137" title="Gwynneville, New South Wales">
Gwynneville, New South Wales

Gwynneville is an inner city suburb of Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia located approximately 2 km north west of the city centre.
It was originally named Gwynne Ville after the Gwynne family who owned the property. It was sold it two large lots, both of which were subdivided. The first area, owned by Mr John Gwynne, consisted of 86 allotments, and went to auction on the 3rd of March 1886. The second section, being bordered by Northfields Avenue, Gipps Rd and Murphy's Lane, was auctioned in 47 allotments by Mr William J Gwynne on the 27th of November 1886.
It has an area of bush heritage land on its southern side located in and around Wiseman Park. There are two schools, Gwynneville Public School and Saint Brigid's Primary School. A neighbourhood shopping centre is located at the eastern end of Gipps Road and includes a post office, petrol station and food shops. Also in the area is the Wiseman Park Bowling Club and the Beaton Park Leisure Centre, a major sporting and fitness venue for the city.
Gwynneville is divided by the Southern Freeway and its interchange with Wollongong's Northern Distributor. However being both centrally located and bordering the University of Wollongong to the north it remains a popular suburb for students seeking accommodation.

</doc>
<doc id="19010145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010145" title="Hagström Jimmy">
Hagström Jimmy

The Hagström Jimmy is archtop jazz guitar built by Hagström in partnership with the American guitar luthier Jimmy D'Aquisto (1925–1995).
Original run 1969 to 1979.
The Jimmy debuted in 1969 as a downsized archtop with 16" body that was narrower and thinner than an average sized jazz guitar. It had an arched laminated spruce top, two unbound f-holes, birch body and neck, and bound rosewood fretboard. It also was the first Hagstöm to featured the asymmetrical D'Aquisto-style headstock that later became the standard on almost all Hagström guitars. The headstock had large pearl inlays. The guitar came equipped with two humbucker pickups. 480 Jimmys were produced in the initial run, they were more or less prototypes because Hagström intended to outsource the production of the Jimmy to the Swedish Bjärton factory, but unfortunately before this could happen Bjärton closed its doors for good.
In 1976, D'Aquisto's was once again called for by Hagström to help make a few improvements and get the line back in production. Hagström reintroduced the original Jimmy, with a slightly more conventional pickguard and pearl block inlays. Bodies were laminated birch, with a two piece birch neck flanking a mahogany strip and Grover Imperials tuners. And the D'Aquisto headstock now had a "Designed by Jimmy D'Aquisto" inlay. In 1977 Hagstöm launched another version of the Jimmy this time with a single round soundhole and a single humbucker pickup. Until 1979 when the Jimmy was discontinued 1207 Jimmys with f-holes were made (including those 480 in the initial 1969 batch), and about 356 with the round soundhole.
Re-Issue 2004 to present.
In 2004 the Hagström line of guitars was resurrected under new ownership and a re-issue of the original Jimmy was launched under the name HJ-500 NAT and HJ-600 VSB with certain liberties taken by the new manufacturer. The new guitars are being produced in a dedicated Hagström plant in China and unlike the original guitars they are made out of maple instead of birch and the lacks the "Designed by Jimmy D'Aquisto" inlay on the headstock.

</doc>
<doc id="19010155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010155" title="Redmile railway station">
Redmile railway station

Redmile railway station was a railway station serving the villages of Redmile and Barkestone-le-Vale, Nottinghamshire and also Belvoir Castle. It was on the Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway and opened in 1879 and closed to passengers in 1951 but remained in use for oil deliveries into the 1980s.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="19010156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010156" title="John Webster Thomas">
John Webster Thomas

John Webster Thomas (February 13, 1900 – August 19, 1977) was an American football player and coach. He played college football as a fullback at the University of Chicago from 1921 to 1923 under Amos Alonzo Stagg.
Playing career.
Prior to 1919 he enlisted in the United States Army Air Service in World War I. In 1919 and 1920 he played for Jamestown College in North Dakota and was chosen All-State fullback both years.
In 1921 he transferred to the University of Chicago under Amos Alonzo Stagg as a sophomore. He wore numbers 2 and 5. In 1921 he was picked by many writers to their All-Big Ten Conference team citing him as the driving force behind the Chicago road victory (9–0) over Princeton that year. That game was the first Western triumph over an Eastern powerhouse and was a primary stimulus in college football becoming a national game.
In 1922, Walter Camp picked him as his 1st team Fullback in his Junior year. Of Thomas, Camp wrote:
"John Thomas of Chicago has that rare art of carrying through his charge with his feet still under him, ready for a further drive. When he strikes, he strikes hard, but he has still a later thrust of power so that the ordinary check in a line does not stop his forward progress. He would be the most dashing of the three in this All-American backfield (*). His work shone in other games but it was particularly brilliant in the Princeton game. It is safe to say he did far more against the Princeton line in effective
scoring than did any backs of the East who met the Tigers."
(*) Camp refers to his 1922 backfield selections: Thomas, Eddie Kaw of Cornell, and Harry Kipke of Michigan.
In 1923 Stagg held Thomas out of the first games due to a summertime appendicitis operation. Despite his operation, Thomas had another
solid year. He was named All-Big Ten Conference alongside Red Grange by both the Chicago American and Chicago Tribune. In 1923, he was elected class president of the University of Chicago.
In his years with the Maroons, they were 18–3–1 (6–1, 5–1–1, 7–1). These three losses were by a total of 17 points. The first in 1921 was to Ohio State by a score of 7–0 after returning from their triumph over the Tigers at Princeton. The second was a home loss at Stagg Field to the 1922 Princeton Tigers (record 8–0) due to three missed extra points. The three touchdowns were all scored by Thomas, who fell two feet short at the goal line on his fourth attempt with time expiring. This was Princeton's closest game of the season (21–18) and was the first football game ever broadcast on radio. It marked the first time an Eastern powerhouse had journeyed West. It is also listed by some as one of the greatest sports moments in history.
The third was a 7–0 road loss in 1923 to Illini (record 8–0) led by Red Grange, the least points allowed to the Illini that year. This game was the first game played at the Illinois (uncompleted) Memorial Stadium. Prior to the game, John's brother Harry Thomas had been declared ineligible, so Stagg played John at halfback, which Stagg later wrote cost Chicago the game and possible conference championship. During Thomas's tenure with the Maroons, they outscored their opponents 333 to 72, allowing their opponents into double digits only once (1922 Princeton). Comparatively, the three years before, (1918–1920), the Maroons were 8–12. The three years after (1924–1926) they were 9–11–4.
During 1922 and 1923 he played with his brother Harry Thomas in the University of Chicago backfield. Harry was named All-Big Ten in 1924. In addition to Harry, he had two other younger brothers, Lloyd Thomas and Max Thomas, who played in the backfield for USC from 1926 to 1928. Lloyd was a member of the 1928 USC National Championship team, 2nd Team NEA All-American, Associated Press All-Pacific Coast Team, and winner of the 1928 USC Davis-Teschke Award.
He went on to sneak in two professional games for the Racine Legion in 1924 under the alias "John Webster" because his wife Mildred (née Whipple) had asked him to give up the game.
Coaching career.
Thomas took over the reins of the Danville (IL) High School sports program in September, 1924, the year the community built its new state-of-the art high school. In his three years as Danville High School's football coach, the former All-American coached his teams to undefeated seasons in the falls of 1924 and 1925. In the fall of 1926, his Danville High School Maroons compiled a record of 2–5–2. Thomas also coached basketball and track during his tenure at Danville High School with his track team winning the state championship in 1925. From 1924 to 1927, he taught physical education at the school.
From 1927 to 1929 he coached at what was then known as the Haskell Indian Institute in Lawrence, Kansas with John Levi.
Later life.
Thomas worked for the American Red Cross, Cummins Business Machine of Chicago, along with many other jobs later in life. He died in 1977 and is buried in Woodstock, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="19010160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010160" title="Veniamin Tayanovich">
Veniamin Tayanovich

Veniamin Tayanovich (; born April 6, 1967) is a retired Russian freestyle swimmer. 
Tayanovich is best known for winning the gold medal in the Men's 4x200m Freestyle event at the 1992 Summer Olympics at Barcelona, alongside Vladimir Pyshnenko, Dmitry Lepikov, Aleksey Kudryavtsev (heats), Yury Mukhin (heats) and Yevgeny Sadovyi. At the same Olympic Games he also claimed the silver medal with the 4x100m freestyle team, swimming in the qualifying heats.

</doc>
<doc id="19010164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010164" title="Herbert Adamski">
Herbert Adamski

Herbert Adamski (April 30, 1910 – August 11, 1941) was a German rower who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he won the gold medal as member of the German boat in the coxed pairs competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19010173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010173" title="Snekkersten">
Snekkersten

Snekkersten is a small borough of Helsingør Commune. It is 4 km south of central Helsingør, Denmark.
The small village was a fishing and seafaring community. Today, most of the inhabitants are commuters, either working in Helsingør or Copenhagen. The town is connected by a train line, Kystbanen, to Helsingør to the north, and Copenhagen and other communities in the south.
Snekkersten was a clandestine embarkation point for Danish Jews secretly transported to neutral Sweden in fishing boats during WWII Occupation of Denmark by Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19010177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010177" title="Nishiyama, Niigata">
Nishiyama, Niigata

As of 2003, the town had an estimated population of 6,712 and a density of 118.52 persons per km². The total area was 56.63 km².
On May 1, 2005, Nishiyama, along with the town of Takayanagi (also from Kariwa District), was merged into the expanded city of Kashiwazaki.

</doc>
<doc id="19010186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010186" title="1990 Prime Minister's Resignation Honours">
1990 Prime Minister's Resignation Honours

The 1990 Prime Minister's Resignation Honours were officially announced in the "London Gazette" of 21 December 1990 and marked the resignation of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, who had stepped down from the role on 22 November that year after more than 11 years in office and nearly 16 years as leader of the Conservative Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19010203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010203" title="Katy Brand's Big Ass Show">
Katy Brand's Big Ass Show

"Katy Brand's Big Ass Show" is a British comedy programme on ITV2.
The show features comedian Katy Brand in skits of real life situations and stereotypes, as well and celebrities such as Amy Winehouse, Lily Allen, Lady Gaga, Angelina Jolie, Adele and Kate Winslet.
The second series began on 2 September 2008. The series is carried in Canada on CBC's bold channel as of October 2008, and in Portugal on RTP2, each Sunday latenights at 11:50 pm, on the "Britcom" strand (the first non-BBC series to be broadcast on this strand).
Her comic clips in the second series include Princess Beatrice of York, Kate Moss, Leona Lewis, Jesus, The Queen and Billie Piper's "Secret Diary of a Call Girl".
A Christmas special called "Katy Brand's Big Ass Songs of 2008" aired on 13 December 2008.
The third and final series began on 10 September 2009 and ended on 15 October 2009.
When Katy appeared on she stated that there would be no more series of Katy Brand's Big Ass Show and that she would end the show with a live tour throughout April 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19010211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010211" title="2001 Open 13">
2001 Open 13

The 2001 Open 13 was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Palais des Sports de Marseille in Marseille in France and was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from February 12 through February 19, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19010217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010217" title="Frederik Collett">
Frederik Collett

Frederik Jonas Lucian Bothfield Collett (25 March 1839 – 19 April 1914) was a Norwegian painter, perhaps most associated with his winter pictures from the region around Lillehammer, Norway.
Background.
Collett grew up in a prominent family of politicians and officials. He was the grandson of Norwegian statesman, Jonas Collett. He was the only child of Johan Collett (1800-1877) and Marie Frederikke Thomason (1810-1839). His mother died three days after his birth. Frederik Collett wanted to learn more about painting, and together with his father, he visited Hans Gude in Düsseldorf. It was the start of an 8 year long education in art.
Career.
He had a small annuity which made him financially independent. Frederik Collett settled in Lillehammer, and worked as a painter. Collett traveled extensively throughout his life, but he also had a small apartment in Christiania. Travels often went to the same destination, Florø, Bergen, Jæren, Porsgrunn, and Lillehammer. In winter, he was in the interior, while in summer by the sea. Collett attended the annual Autumn Exhibition in Oslo ("Høstutstillingen") 14 times from 1885 to 1912. Collett was also among the Norwegian painters who represented Norway at the major exhibitions abroad, including world exhibitions in Paris (1889 and 1900) and Chicago (1893), Stockholm and St. Petersburg, (1897).
From the 1860s until the middle of the 1870s Collett's work was strongly influenced by Gude and German Romanticism. In 1861 he went on a study trip together with Hans Gude and Peter Nicolai Arbo. In the autumn of 1862 Hans Gude set off for the Lledr Valley near Conwy in Wales, a place renowned for its picturesque scenery. Frederik Collett, together with Adolph Tidemand, visited Gude where the three traveled to Caernarvon and Holyhead. Collett's painting "Fra Wales" (From Wales), from 1863 resulted from that trip.
Frederik Collett never married. From the 1890s, he was a natural center of a circle of artists. He maintained close friendships with fellow painters Erik Werenskiold, Lars Jorde and Gerhard Munthe. Of his total production, some 230 paintings have been recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="19010230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010230" title="Aleksey Kudryavtsev">
Aleksey Kudryavtsev

Aleksey Kudryavtsev (; born October 28, 1972 in Moscow) is a retired Russian freestyle swimmer, who was affiliated with "Profsoyuzy Moskva". He is the father of 2013 Rhythmic Gymnastics World Champion Yana Kudryavtseva.
Kudryavtsev is best known for winning the gold medal in the Men's 4x200m Freestyle event at the 1992 Summer Olympics at Barcelona, alongside Vladimir Pyshnenko, Dmitry Lepikov, Veniamin Tayanovich, Yury Mukhin (heats) and Yevgeny Sadovyi. He just swam in the preliminary heats.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19010239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010239" title="Nacho Figueras">
Nacho Figueras

Ignacio "Nacho" Figueras (born March 4, 1977 in 25 de Mayo, Buenos Aires Province) is an Argentine polo player. As of September 2009, he is ranked as one of the top 100 polo players in the world. Sometimes called the "David Beckham of polo", he usually plays in Argentina and in the U.S. as part of the Black Watch Polo Team. He has also been the face of Ralph Lauren's Black Label line since 2005, and was recently chosen to represent the entire line of Polo fragrances.
In "models.com" he is ranked No. 4 on "Top Icons Men"
Polo.
Figueras began playing polo at the age of 9. He turned pro at 17, playing at various locations in Europe before arriving in Bridgehampton, New York in 1999. There, he joined White Birch, a team shared at the time by Peter Brant and Neil Hirsch. He currently plays for and is captain of BlackWatch, a team he co-owns with Hirsch.
Modeling.
When he was approached by the photographer Bruce Weber 12 years ago, at a dinner party held by Kelly Klein, ex-wife of Calvin, in The Hamptons, he hoped modelling might help him buy more squirrelly mounts. "Then I realised that I could make extra money, and raise awareness of the sport." Nacho started modelling for Ralph Lauren in 2000, eventually become the face of Ralph Lauren Black Label in 2005, and has been under contract since. In May 2009, he was made the face of the World of Polo fragrances, including Polo Black, Polo Blue and Polo Modern Reserve. Black Watch is also a label under the Ralph Lauren umbrella, offering tight polo shirts emblazoned with Nacho's number 2, an idea of Figueras' to make it a billion-dollar brand.
In June 2009, he was voted the second most handsome man in the world by the readers of Vanity Fair with 15% of the vote, far behind Robert Pattinson, who drew 51%, and ahead of Brad Pitt, who drew 12%.
Despite his success in the modeling arena, polo continues to be his passion. He says his mission in life "is to bring polo to the world a little more," doing his best to raise the profile to the sport of polo however he can. To that end, he has helped organize matches such as the Veuve Clicquot Manhattan Polo Classic exhibition in Governor's Island, New York; the most recent edition on June 27, 2010 also featured England's Prince Harry.
In October 2010, Nacho Figueras co-hosted the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic with Cameron Silver in Los Angeles at Will Rogers state park attracting celebrities and socialites like Minnie Driver, Mischa Barton, Donovan Leitch and Rachel Zoe.
He appeared as himself in the 44th episode of the CW television series, Gossip Girl , third season premiere "Reversals of fortune", aired on 2009.
Oprah.
On September 28, 2009, Figueras was a guest on The Oprah Winfrey Show in Chicago. The show was titled "Meet the Most Famous People in the World", and also featured the "Oprah of China" Chen Luyu, and Aishwarya Rai and Abhishek Bachchan. In one of the segments on the show, Nacho gave Oprah's reporter Ali Wentworth a private polo lesson.
Nacho summers with Beth Ostrosky Stern in the Hamptons, in what has been called a strictly platonic relationship. He is believed to be the influence behind the Stern's purchase of a mansion in Palm Beach, FL.
Personal life.
Nacho has been married to Delfina Blaquier, a photographer and former model, since 2004. The couple currently have 4 children, Hilario, Aurora, Artemio and baby Alba born January 19, 2013.
References.
Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic at Will Rogers state park in Los Angeles - The Daily Truffle
Nacho summers with Beth Ostrosky in the Hamptons, in what has been called a strictly platonic relationship.

</doc>
<doc id="19010259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010259" title="Kadish Luz">
Kadish Luz

Kadish Luz (, born Kadish Luzinski; 10 January 1895 – 4 December 1972) was an Israeli politician who served as Minister of Agriculture between 1955 and 1959 and Speaker of the Knesset from 1959 and 1969.
Biography.
Luz was born in 1895 in Bobruysk in the Russian Empire (today in Belarus), to parents Zvi Luzinski and Esther Seldovitch. He served in the Russian Army during World War I and was a founder of the Hebrew Soldier Association and the HeHalutz movement. He studied in a polytechnic in Germany, at the Economics Institute in Saint Petersburg, and the Agricultural Institute of Odessa University.
He made aliyah to the Palestine in 1920, and worked as a cottager in Kiryat Anavim and Be'er Tuvia. The following year he joined kibbutz Degania Bet, and eventually became a member of the kibbutz union's secretariat between 1949 and 1951. He was also amongst the leaders of the Histadrut, serving on its comptroller committee between 1935 and 1940. Between 1941 and 1942 he was on the secretariat of Tel Aviv's workers' council.
He was elected to the Knesset in 1951 on Mapai's list, and was appointed Minister of Agriculture by David Ben-Gurion in 1955. After leaving the cabinet in 1959, he became Speaker of the Knesset, serving for 10 years, the second longest term after Yosef Sprinzak. 
Following the sudden death of Yitzhak Ben-Zvi on 23 April 1963, he served as acting President of the state, until the election of Zalman Shazar on 21 May 1963.
He died in 1972 in Degania Bet.

</doc>
<doc id="19010264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010264" title="Triodos Airport">
Triodos Airport

Triodos Airport (), also known as Triodhon Airport, is an airport in the regional unit of Messenia in Greece. It is located from the town of Messini and from the city Kalamata.
Triodos Airport was used for 20 years for civil aviation. Due to the need of a longer runway, on 19 July 1970 planes were transferred to the Kalamata International Airport. Today, it is used for ultralight aviation and by radio-controlled aircrafts.
Facilities.
The airport has an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 16/34 with an asphalt surface measuring .
Nearest airports.
The three nearest airports are:

</doc>
<doc id="19010268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010268" title="Richard Dale (disambiguation)">
Richard Dale (disambiguation)

Richard Dale (1756–1826) was an American naval officer.
Richard Dale may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19010304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010304" title="David Fagen">
David Fagen

A native of Tampa, Florida, USA, David Fagen (1875-?) was an African-American soldier who defected during the Philippine-American War. He acquired the rank of Captain in the Philippine Army.
Service.
Fagen served in the 24th Regiment of the U.S. Army, but in November 1899 defected to the Filipino army. He became a successful guerrilla leader and his capture became an obsession to the U.S. military and American public. His defection was likely the result of differential treatment by American occupational forces toward black soldiers, as well as common American forces derogatory treatment and views of the Filipino occupational resistance, who were frequently referred to as "niggers" in a seemingly inverse code-switching of the term at the time by white American forces.
After two other black deserters were captured and executed, President Theodore Roosevelt announced he would stop executing captured deserters.
Supposed death.
As the war ended, the US gave amnesties to most of their opponents. A substantial reward was offered for Fagen, who was considered a traitor. There are two conflicting versions of his fate: one is that his was the partially decomposed head for which the reward was claimed, the other is that he took a local wife and lived peacefully in the mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="19010313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010313" title="Daniel Davidsson">
Daniel Davidsson

Daniel Jan Johan Davidsson (born 17 March 1983, in Motala, Sweden) is a speedway rider. His brother, Jonas Davidsson (born 1984), was also a speedway rider for the Lakeside Hammers.

</doc>
<doc id="19010332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010332" title="SNCF Class BB 69400">
SNCF Class BB 69400

The SNCF Class BB 69400 is a class of diesel locomotives. These locomotives were originally BB66400 locomotives, and were re-engined and overhauled, with their original number heightened by 3000, thus becoming the new BB69400 class.

</doc>
<doc id="19010333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010333" title="Bottesford South railway station">
Bottesford South railway station

Bottesford South railway station was a railway station serving the village of Bottesford, Leicestershire, on the Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway. It opened in 1879 and was served by LNWR trains running between Northampton and Newark and Great Northern Railway trains running between Melton Mowbray and Grantham. The station closed when the Northampton to Newark through service was withdrawn and replaced by an infrequent connecting service in 1882.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="19010341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010341" title="Steamboats on the Volga River">
Steamboats on the Volga River

The Volga River is Europe's longest river, and a major trade artery in that continent. The technological arrival of the steam engine allowed cargoes to be more easily moved upstream. The use of steamboats on the Volga River began in the year 1821.
History.
Volga boatmen.
Formerly, tens of thousands of burlaki, or Volga boatmen, were employed in dragging boats up the Volga and its tributaries, but this method of traction has disappeared. Horses did not exsite were still extensively used along the three canal systems. Steamers really took hold in the 1840s.
First steamers.
In 1843 Czar Nicholas I issued a license to the "Along the Volga" Company in 1843, which became the premier Volga Flotilla until the Soviet takeover. The first steamer "Volga" visited Samara in 1846. Nizhniy is the chief station of the Volga steamboat traffic. The first steamer made its appearance on the Volga in 1821, but it was not till 1845 that steam navigation began to assume large proportions.
The first large steamers of the American type were built in 1872.
Thousands of steamers are now employed in the traffic, to say nothing of smaller boats and rafts. Many of the steamers use as fuel mazut or petroleum refuse. . In 1870, the first Russian open hearth furnace was built in Nizhny Novgorod, followed by a two-decked steamship "Perevorot" just a year later. In 1913, it produced a dry bulk cargo ship "Danilikha". The shipyard built 489 ships between 1849 and 1918. In 1913 there were over 5,000 steamers on the Volga river system.
Engines for Commerce.
Batashev's steamers were on par with the world-famous engines produced by Berdov, and were installed on the majority of Volga steamships. Berdov's plant in St. Petersburg was the first to build a steamboat in Russia in 1815. It later specialised in stationery and marine machines, as well as marine devices. Building small warships from the 1850s, the plant rented the shipyard on Galerny Island for a ten-year period to start building battleships. Numerous decorative sculptures were created in the foundry shop in the early to mid 19th century including sculptures for the Kazan Cathedral, St. Isaac's Cathedral, and the Alexander Column, as well as numerous grilles, lamps, decorative and structural components for bridges, palaces, and public buildings of St. Petersburg.
Many cargoes.
The Volga is the main street of European Russia. To this end many loads are moved from their source to the market—coal from the Donbass Region, iron ore, minerals, timber, wheat, fish, watermelons, zeks or exiles, machinery, cement, limestone, and oil.
Various troubles.
In 1897 the "New York Times" reported "FORTY DROWNED IN THE VOLGA.; Steamer "Tsarevitch" Run Down by the "Malpitka" Near Astrakhan." In 1858, the Nizhny Novgorod Machine Factory produced the first Russian steam dredger. The amount of suspended matter brought down by erosion is correspondingly great. All along its course the Volga is eroding and destroying its banks with great rapidity; towns and loading ports have constantly to be shifted farther back.
Alfred Nobel built fifty steamers at Baku to move Caspian oil. He also built the MS Vandal, which in 1903, was probably the first ship (and not barge) propelled by a diesel engine. In 1902 Karl Hagelin, "a veteran of the Volga and sometime visionary", suggesting mating diesel engines to river barges. He envisioned direct shipment of oil through a 1,800-mile route from the lower Volga to Saint Petersburg and Finland. The first Volga steamers 'Komar', 'Shmel', and 'Tungus' were constructed between 1908 to 1917 in the Nobel Shipyard in Rybinsk. 
The Russians move large amounts of timber for export to Europe. Large barges of length to are purpose built for the single journey
in the season. Large numbers of the boats and rafts are broken up after a single voyage. The wood barges are towed by tug.
Soviet era.
The Soviets ran fleets of armed riverboats during the Civil War. The Red Army and the White Army had small naval battles on the river. Later, during the Russian famine of 1921, steamers became a way out of misery. With the Red control of Russia, rebuilding infrastructure became paramount.
The Soviets nationalized the Volga and Mercury company's fleets.
The largest fleet of any of Soviet rivers is that on the Volga, where in 1926 there were 1,604 steamers with an indicated total horse power of 300,595. On January 1, 1927, the Internal Waterways Steamship Co. had at its disposal 2,020 steamers. 
World War II and beyond.
At the start of the Battle of Stalingrad, and before the Wehrmacht reached the city itself, the "Luftwaffe" had rendered the River Volga, vital for bringing supplies into the city, unusable to Soviet shipping. Between 25 and 31 July 1942, 32 Soviet ships were sunk, with another nine crippled.
However, the Russians put up a valiant defence. During the Battle of Stalingrad, one indomitable tug "Krasnoflotets" crossed the river towing barges of men, food and ammunition, constantly under the fire of the German guns. The tug made many journeys until it was too damaged to continue. One hospital ship was struck by German artillery 11 times.
The Stalingrad epic for "Gasitel" began on July 27, 1942, when the enemy set fire to the oil tankers near Erzovka. The courageous crew risking their lives saved the oil tankers and took the barges with oil to Shadrinsk backwater. In the midst of the battle of Stalingrad, "Gasitel" was used at river crossings. The vessel had received numerous holes, the team repaired them on their own, without going into the backwater. The crew had to constantly pump out the water that came through the holes in the ship . These were all the fiery days of navigation in 1942. For his bravery the steamer captain Peter Vasilievich Vorobiev was awarded the Order of the Red Banner. In mid-October riddled with bullets "Gasitel" had sunk. One river paddler removing women and children refuges from the city was shelled and sunk. Three thousand people drowned.
The Soviets doggedly held the ferry building on September 14 with one hundred troops and a semi-operable tank. More troops were rushed in by steamer to the key river landing.
The German armies later overran the ferry landing, while the Soviets stubbornly held on to a sliver of the western riverbank of the Volga. The tug Abkhazets and others moved 7 Soviet divisions across the river to Crossing 62 to provide General Chuikov with new troops.
The Soviet navy built armed cutters, sporting T34 tank turrets. This "Volga Flotilla made the Red Army's greatest victory possible, keeping open supply lines to the troops fighting for their lives in the ruins of Stalingrad. Gunboats armed with anti-aircraft guns fought off German Stuka attacks throughout the siege, and those with tank turrets hove close to the riverbanks to provide fire support for the troops ashore. Every night, they ferried reinforcements and ammunition across the river, and brought back the wounded to safety.
"About the role of the sailors of the fleet and their exploits", wrote Vasily Chuikov, the Soviet commander in Stalingrad, "I would say briefly that had it not been for them the 62nd Army might have perished without ammunition and rations, and could not have carried out its task."
The Germans surrendered in the winter of 1943 and the Volga was once again open to steamers after the
removal of war wreckage.
During the Great Patriotic War, river transport carried approximately 200 million tons of cargo for the front and the rear. River workers worked at the military crossings at Stalingrad and on Lake Ladoga. The war caused enormous damage to river transport. The fascist occupying troops sank and seized more than 8,300 river vessels and destroyed hundreds of ports, wharves, dams, dikes, and locks. River transport was rebuilt during the Fourth Five-Year Plan (1946–50).
The Soviets embarked on a huge series of dams, canals, barrages, lakes and hydro schemes. Much of this had been planned prior to the
war but that tragedy only delayed their completion. Control of river erosion, and silting was one reason; providing enough draft for large
ships and clearing rapids was another. The Volga-Don Canal was one scheme, and the Volga-Baltic Waterway another.
Most of the keels on the river were of the paddle steamer type. Up until
1950, the Soviets continued with this layout.
With the new hydrological and hydroelectric work, new ships needed to be built. In the post-war years, new steamers of the Josef Stalin type were built and navigated the river.
The Soviets then went into hydrofoils and diesel steamers A few steamers have survived. Today, the river is worked by diesel cruise boats and tugs.
On July 10, 2011, the riverboat Bulgaria sank on the central Volga. State news reports said the Bulgaria was built in 1955 in what was then Czechoslovakia and was one of 36 craft sent to the Soviet Union.The 80-metre (260-foot) boat sank in minutes some three kilometres () off shore.
One hundred twenty lives were lost in the tragedy.
Notable events.
In 1913, the Romanovs boarded the steamer "Mezhen" at Nizhny Novgorod to sail down the Volga river for their 500th Anniversary tour. 
Maxim Gorky, the writer, worked as a cook on a Volga steamer in his youth and thus the Volga river enters Russian literature: stories where a young officer encounters a beautiful stranger on board a Volga steamer.
In Russian life, the Volga is like the sky and air. We breathe the Volga, we are enrapt with her. We sing the most heartfelt songs about her. We teach our children her traditions and legends. 
Konstantine Fedin, wrote to his American allies, comparing the Volga to the Mississippi, and reminding them of the rampaging German Army then in conquest in the dark days of 1942. 
"The Volga is the homeland of daring, courage, and the people's glory. 
The Volga is the homeland of Russian geniuses and talents. 
From childhood, people on the Volga dream about their river as the most beautiful of all earthly gifts which have been bestowed upon them. 
When I was a child sitting at my school bench, I imagined Volga steamers, rafts, and boats sailing past, like a holiday; green islands stretched out before me; the silver of fish scales sparkled; I breathed the aroma of the swaying shoreline willows. All this was living right next to me. I knew that after lessons I could run along the Volga and touch all this with my own hand."

</doc>
<doc id="19010343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010343" title="Yury Valeryevich Mukhin">
Yury Valeryevich Mukhin

Yury Valeryevich Mukhin (; born August 14, 1971 in Krasnoyarsk, Krasnoyarsk Kray) is a retired Russian freestyle swimmer, who was affiliated with "Profsojuzy Samara".
Mukhin is best known for winning the gold medal in the Men's 4x200m Freestyle event at the 1992 Summer Olympics at Barcelona, alongside Vladimir Pyshnenko, Dmitry Lepikov, Veniamin Tayanovich, Aleksey Kudryavtsev (heats) and Yevgeny Sadovyi. He just swam in the preliminary heats.

</doc>
<doc id="19010344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010344" title="Alf Collett">
Alf Collett

Alf Collett (8 August 1844-1919) was a Norwegian writer.
He published many historical and genealogical works, the most important being "En gammel Christiania-slægt. Optegnelser om familien Collett og Christianias fortid" (1883) and "Gamle Christiania-Billeder" (1893).
Alf Collett was the second son of Peter Jonas and Camilla Collett. His maternal uncles included Oscar and Henrik Wergeland, and his paternal uncles included Peter Severin Steenstrup. He had one older brother Robert, a notable zoologist, and two younger brothers. He married Mathilda Sophie Kallevig (1845-1915), but they did not have any children.

</doc>
<doc id="19010348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010348" title="HMS Milford">
HMS Milford

Nine ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Milford":

</doc>
<doc id="19010364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010364" title="Murder Twice Told">
Murder Twice Told

Murder Twice Told is a collection of two short thrillers by Donald Hamilton.
Television adaptation.
"Deadfall" was adapted for "Suspense" and broadcast 1/12/1951.

</doc>
<doc id="19010381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010381" title="2002 Open 13">
2002 Open 13

The 2002 Open 13 was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Palais des Sports de Marseille in Marseille in France and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from February 11 through February 17, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19010392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010392" title="Shipboard helicopter operations">
Shipboard helicopter operations

Shipboard helicopter operations is the use of techniques which allows operation of rotary wing aircraft from naval vessels. In the case of military vessels the operations also include tactics and associated weapons and troops.
Landing a helicopter on the flight deck of what is sometimes a small ship in heavy seas presents the pilot with a challenges that include: deck movement, turbulent airflows, and using control systems that were not necessarily designed for the marine environment.
Flight operations of shipboard helicopter operations include preparing the aircraft and crew for the mission, cargo and ordnance handling (for armed helicopters), passenger supervision, aircraft departure, communications with the ship during the mission and recovery.
Apart from the more routine passenger and cargo transportation missions, shipboard helicopter operations are used by civilian and military operators to conduct search and rescue missions, while what for the civilian operators is often electronic news gathering, for the military becomes intelligence gathering missions or battlefield surveillance and reconnaissance. Some helicopters, such as the Kamov Ka-31 airborne early warning helicopter, fulfil specialised roles. The SH-60 Seahawk's roles can include antisubmarine warfare, anti-surface warfare, special forces insertion, combat search and rescue, vertical replenishment and medical evacuation.
The first shipboard helicopter operations were attempted by the Wehrmacht during the Second World War in the Baltic Sea. The British had trialled autogyros with aircraft carriers before the war but joined with the USN in testing the Sikorsky helicopters at sea providing the "Empire Mersey" and its replacement the SS "Daghestan" in 1942/43. The first purpose-built helicopter operation vessels were Liberty ships converted by the US Army in June 1945 into floating repair depots. They included special landing platforms to accommodate Sikorsky R-4 helicopters.

</doc>
<doc id="19010404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010404" title="Hugh Butt">
Hugh Butt

Hugh Roland Butt (January 8, 1910 – August 16, 2008) was an American physician who developed methods to treat hemorrhaging patients with vitamin K.
Butt was born in Belhaven, North Carolina. He earned his M.D. from the University of Virginia in 1933 and a master's degree in medicine from the University of Minnesota in 1937.
Butt was a resident at the Mayo Clinic when he made his most notable finding that Vitamin K stopped bleeding in patients with jaundice, previously a fatal condition. He later worked with dicumarol isolated by Paul Link, and conducted the first human studies that demonstrated its blood thinning properties. He worked at the Mayo Clinic his entire career, including terms on both the board of governors and board of trustees and was widely considered the last link to its founders (he was supervised by William Mayo). After becoming an Assistant Professor in 1943, Butt studied liver disease, especially cirrhosis. He was appointed full professor in 1952, after which he began focusing on administrative issues. He was a leading advocate of continuing education for doctors.
Butt served as president of the American College of Physicians in 1971 and 1972, and retired in the 1980s. He died in Rochester, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="19010419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010419" title="Chester State Park">
Chester State Park

Chester State Park is located near the town of Chester in Chester County, South Carolina. The park was developed by the Civilian Conservation Corps on land purchased in 1935.
The park’s 523 acres include a 160-acre lake, with a two-mile nature trail that follows along the shoreline up to the Civilian Conservation Corps built stone spillway. Jon boat rentals are popular in the warmer months, and the park also offers a boat ramp for visitors with electric or hand-powered personal boats. Picnicking, rental picnic shelters and a large playground system are located along the shoreline. As of November 16, 2013, Chester State Park also offers the first SC State Park tournament sanctioned disc golf course. This 27 hole course has three loops suitable for professional, tournament play with 18 of these holes having alternative tee’s for beginner/amateur level players. 
Lakeview Hall, a fully enclosed meeting facility overlooking the park lake, is regularly used for weddings, reunions, and corporate meetings. Boy Scouts, church groups, and many other organized groups frequent the primitive group camping area throughout the year. Chester State Park’s 25-site campground is open year round and has many sites that may accommodate anything from single tents to 40-foot RVs.

</doc>
<doc id="19010423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010423" title="Ansis Brūns">
Ansis Brūns

Ansis Brūns (born 30 March 1989 in Ventspils) is a Latvian javelin thrower. 
His current personal best throw is 79.35 metres, which was set in 2010.
With a throw results of 75.31 metres, he won a bronze medal at the 2008 World Junior Championships in Bydgoszcz, Poland.
In his youth years Ansis usually competed in decathlon, switching to javelin only later on.

</doc>
<doc id="19010424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010424" title="Marming">
Marming

Marming is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2918 and had 533 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19010432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010432" title="Melamchi">
Melamchi

Melamchi is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3936 and had 710 houses in the village.
Government of Nepal has initiated a drinking water project to Kathmandu Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="19010440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010440" title="Motang">
Motang

Motang is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2750.

</doc>
<doc id="19010448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010448" title="William Austin (bishop)">
William Austin (bishop)

In 1883 he was appointed Primate of the West Indies and in 1891 Prelate of the Order of St Michael and St George.

</doc>
<doc id="19010449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010449" title="Gary Simpson (footballer born 1959)">
Gary Simpson (footballer born 1959)

Gary Simpson (born 10 June 1959, Chesterfield) is an English former footballer who played as a forward. He played in The Football League for Chesterfield and Chester City.
Playing career.
Simpson began his playing career with hometown club Chesterfield, where he progressed through the youth ranks to make more than 40 league appearances. In the summer of 1981 he joined fellow Third Division side Chester for £6,000. This came after Chester had been unsuccessful in attempting to sign Simpson's Chesterfield colleague Ernie Moss to strengthen their squad of just 14 professional players. Simpson marked his competitive debut with a goal in a Football League Trophy tie against Bury and he ended the season as the club's top scorer with 12 league goals to his name as they finished bottom of the table. His tally included two goals on his return to Chesterfield, as Chester registered a shock 5–3 win in monsoon conditions.
The following season saw him score six times in the league before being one of eight players released at the end of the season. He joined Oswestry Town but then played for Bangor City in the Alliance Premier League later in the 1983–84 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19010453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010453" title="Nawalpur">
Nawalpur

Nawalpur is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3647.

</doc>
<doc id="19010457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010457" title="1080 recetas de cocina">
1080 recetas de cocina

1080 recetas de cocina (English title: "1080 Recipes") is a 1972 Spanish cookbook written by Spanish food writer Simone Ortega and published by Alianza Editorial; it has since been updated and maintained by Ortega and her daughter Inés. Originally published in Spanish, the book was translated into English and republished in 2007 by British publisher Phaidon Press with the assistance of both Ortegas and artwork by Javier Mariscal. Though the original Spanish editions were sparsely illustrated, Alianza later adopted the Phaidon cover and artwork for newer editions.
The book is written as a general kitchen reference for Spanish home cooks and therefore focuses heavily but not exclusively on Spanish cuisine; it therefore also lacks background material such as technical or historical commentary on many of the recipes.

</doc>
<doc id="19010462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010462" title="Pagretar">
Pagretar

Kothe is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3095 and had 633 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19010465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010465" title="1965 in Norwegian football">
1965 in Norwegian football

Results from Norwegian football in 1965.
__TOC__
First Division 1965.
Round 1.
April 23
April 25
Round 2.
April 30
May 2
Round 3.
May 7
May 9
Round 4.
May 14
May 16
May 27
Round 5.
May 23
May 24
Round 6.
May 30
June 1
Round 7.
June 4
June 7
Round 8.
June 11
June 12
June 13
Round 9.
June 18
June 20
Round 10.
July 30
August 1
August 3
Round 11.
August 12
August 13
August 14
August 15
Round 12.
August 17
August 18
August 19
Round 13.
August 26
August 28
August 29
Round 14.
September 3
September 4
September 5
Round 15.
August 4
September 8
September 9
September 22
September 29
Round 16.
September 19
September 21
Round 17.
October 3
Round 18.
October 10
Third Division.
Play-off Møre/Trøndelag.
Falken promoted
Fourth Division.
Play-off District V.
Randaberg promoted
Vidar promoted
National Cup.
Third round.
August 1:
Rematch:
Fourth round.
August 22:
Quarterfinal.
September 12
Semifinal.
Rematch:
Final.
October 24: Frigg – Skeid 2-2 (after extra time)
October 31: Frigg – Skeid 1-1 (after extra time)
November 7: Skeid – Frigg 2-1
European Cups.
First round.
August 31: Lyn – Derry City (Northern Ireland) 5-3
September 9: Derry City – Lyn 5-1 (agg. 8-6)
First round.
August 24: KR Reykjavik (Iceland) – Rosenborg 1-3
September 12: Rosenborg – KR Reykjavik 3-1 (agg. 6-2)
Second round.
October 24: Rosenborg – Dinamo Kiev (Soviet Union) 1-4
October 28: Dinamo Kiev – Rosenborg 2-0 (agg. 6-1)
First round.
Vålerengen had a walkover.
Second round.
October 18: Hearts (Scotland) – Vålerengen 1-0
October 27: Vålerengen – Hearts 1-3 (agg. 1-4)
National team.
Men.
Note: Norway's goals first <br>
Explanation:

</doc>
<doc id="19010475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010475" title="Lower Lydbrook Viaduct">
Lower Lydbrook Viaduct

The Lower Lydbrook Viaduct was an iron railway viaduct with stone piers, it was on the Severn and Wye Railway and situated in Lower Lydbrook, Gloucestershire, England.
The viaduct, situated at the bottom of the Lydbrook Valley where it meets the Wye Valley, consisted of five stone arches and three wrought iron lattice truss girders. The viaduct rose some 80 feet above the roadway below, linking Forge Hill on the east with Randor on the west. 
It enabled the rail lines from Cinderford via Bilston and Serridge to connect with the Ross-on-Wye to Monmouth line. It was built in 1872 and first used for traffic on 26 August 1874. 
The Severn and Wye Railway was closed to passengers in 1929 and to goods in 1951. The viaduct was dismantled in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19010513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010513" title="2003 Open 13">
2003 Open 13

The 2003 Open 13 was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Palais des Sports de Marseille in Marseille in France and was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from February 10 through February 16, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19010515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010515" title="Frank Smith (1950s pitcher)">
Frank Smith (1950s pitcher)

Frank Thomas Smith (April 4, 1928, Pierrepont Manor, New York – September 24, 2005, Malone, Florida) was a professional baseball player. He was a right-handed pitcher over parts of seven seasons (1950–1956) with the Cincinnati Reds (also called the Redlegs in 1953-56) and the St. Louis Cardinals. During his career, he compiled a 35–33 record in 271 appearances, mostly as a relief pitcher, with a 3.81 earned run average, 277 strikeouts, and 44 saves.

</doc>
<doc id="19010518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010518" title="Cuozzo">
Cuozzo

Cuozzo is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19010524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010524" title="Gare de Laifour">
Gare de Laifour

The gare de Laifour is a TER railway station in Laifour, France, in the Ardennes département. The station is served by regional trains of the TER Champagne-Ardenne on the line from Charleville-Mézières to Givet. There is no ticket machine.

</doc>
<doc id="19010531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010531" title="Visual arts of Chicago">
Visual arts of Chicago

Visual arts of Chicago refers to paintings, prints, illustrations, textile art, sculpture, ceramics and other visual artworks produced in Chicago or by people with a connection to Chicago. Since World War II, Chicago visual art has had a strong individualistic streak, little influenced by outside fashions. "One of the unique characteristics of Chicago," said Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts curator Bob Cozzolino, "is there's always been a very pronounced effort to not be derivative, to not follow the status quo." The Chicago art world has been described as having "a stubborn sense ... of tolerant pluralism." However, Chicago's art scene is "critically neglected." Critic Andrew Patner has said, "Chicago's commitment to figurative painting, dating back to the post-War period, has often put it at odds with New York critics and dealers." It is argued that Chicago art is rarely found in Chicago museums; some of the most remarkable Chicago artworks are found in other cities (such as the brilliantly warped epic drawings of Henry Darger at the American Folk Art Museum in New York, or Carlos Cortez' collection of early twentieth-century Chicago "Wobbly" (Industrial Workers of the World) woodcut prints, now in the Walter P. Reuther Library at Wayne State University in Detroit.
Early days: before the War.
The School of the Art Institute of Chicago was founded in 1879, from the remains of an earlier school founded in 1866 (thus the school predates the museum of the same name). Early students and faculty were conservative and derivative in their tastes, imitating popular European models. Arthur B. Davies, a former SAIC student and one of "the Eight" was considered a disappointment for being a member of a radical group of urban modernists. In 1913, SAIC students held a protest with costumes and bonfires against the Chicago showing of the Armory Show, a collection of the best new modern art; the newspapers described the students' activity as a riot.
Only a year later the African-American realist Archibald J. Motley, graduated from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago; he kept his modern, jazz-influenced paintings secret for some years after.
For many years the Art Institute of Chicago regularly held annual exhibits of local artists, but these ended decades ago. Mary Agnes Yerkes, (1886–1989), was an American Impressionist painter and one such exhibitor at AIC from 1912-1915. Born in Oak Park, she studied at the Chicago Academy of Fine Arts, where she also taught, and the at the currently named School of the Art Institute of Chicago. She is noted for her plein-air painting while camping the American West and its National Parks.
Interbellum: Chicago arts between the World Wars.
The time period between the World Wars witnessed an outpouring of artistic creativity in Chicago, led by artists of the calibre of Stanislav Szukalski, Todros Geller and Albin Polasek.
The Chicago art scene was not strictly an all-boys club however; Sr. Maria Stanisia was able to overcome the patriarchal attitudes both within early twentieth century Chicago and the hierarchy of the Roman Catholic Church to become acclaimed as one of the greatest painters in the field of religious art. Another woman artist Gertrude Abercrombie who like Stanisia attended the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, sold her surrealist paintings in art fairs that took place near the Art Institute of Chicago.
1940s.
Early evidence of Chicago's unique style came with Ivan Albright, with his "excruciatingly detailed surfaces depicting things in states of decay." Eldzier Cortor documented African-American life for the WPA. Vera Berdich, an influential surrealist printmaker, taught many future Chicago Imagists at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago.
1950s: individuality, realism, surrealism.
Claes Oldenburg was born in Sweden and only spent a few years in the 1950s in Chicago, but he sold his first works here, 5 pieces at the 57th Street Art Fair for $25.
Post-War art in Chicago was more figurative and less abstract than the New York fashion dictated, and was largely ignored by New York dealers and critics. Chicago artists rejected the abstract aesthetics of New York modernists, preferring strong surrealism, "following their own vision," and "savage political satire."
1960s.
Claire Zeisler, a fiber artist, switched from weaving to large, free-standing fiber sculptures which "redefined the art form".
The Chicago Imagists.
In the late 1960s, a group of former students of the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, many of whom had been mentored by teacher-artist Ray Yoshida, organized a series of exhibits at the Hyde Park Art Center. Their art was notable for its surrealism and cartoon-influenced grotesques.
Strictly speaking, they were three different groups: The earliest was the "Monster Roster", which included Cosmo Campoli, Leon Golub, Nancy Spero, and Karl Wirsum; then the "Hairy Who", which included Art Green, Gladys Nilsson, and Jim Nutt; and finally the Chicago Imagists, which included Roger Brown, Ed Paschke, and Barbara Rossi.
According to Imagist Ed Paschke, the Imagists felt liberated by a lack of critical coverage. "There was a sense that no one much cared what we did here. We weren't going to get a whole lot of national attention. We could do what we wanted to do." After Paschke's death, in 2004, a New York critic infamously said that Paschke's "contribution to the art of his time was somewhat obscured by his distance from New York." At that same time, Chicago artists Tony Fitzpatrick and Wesley Kimler and art consultant Paul Klein stirred outrage when they reported that not a single Chicago museum had any of Paschke's work on display (a claim that was later disputed).
In 1972 the Chicago Imagists were given recognition in a show at the Museum of Contemporary Art.
1970s.
Chicago produced several photorealists, including Arne Besser, and Richard Estes. Many photorealists were collected by Morton Neumann "against the grain of the prevailing critical thought at the time" (which espoused abstract expressionism), and exhibited at Chicago's Terra Museum of American Art.
Chicago artists internationally.
Over the last few decades, many contemporary Chicago artists have become internationally successful. A persistent problem for the development of art scenes in Chicago has been the fact that, in the past, a large number of artists began in Chicago, but had to relocate elsewhere before gaining attention. Curator Robert Cozzolino sees this positively, stating that we must "recognize a powerful Chicago diaspora." Such artists include Claes Oldenburg, Elizabeth Murray, Richard Estes, Robert Indiana, Joan Mitchell, Georgia O'Keeffe, Mark Staff Brandl and many others.
Although no overarching theme or style characterizes Chicago's contemporary art, many contemporary critics contend that institutional support has favored Neo-Conceptual work almost to exclusion. Chicago art is nevertheless diverse and pluralistic, as is art in general. Contemporary Chicago artists continue to explore personal styles. Although abstraction has never been as strong in Chicago as in New York, there are noteworthy Chicago abstract artists, such as William Conger, who paints brightly colored, sprightly designs, and Rodney Carswell, whose work is more formal and cooler; and conceptual artists such as photographer Jeanne Dunning and installation artist Kay Rosen. Chicago's other notable contemporary artists are too numerous to name; but a few who would make any list are Kerry James Marshall, Dan Peterman, Gregg Bordowitz, Julia Fish, Wesley Kimler, Tony Fitzpatrick and Iñigo Manglano-Ovalle.
Painters.
Robert Guinan paints psychologically penetrating portraits of bar patrons and jazz musicians which are very popular in France, but he is almost unknown in Chicago. Laurie Hogin continues the grotesque Chicago tradition with lush, Dutch-style portraits of cartoonishly savage animals. Ellen Lanyon's paintings show "fairy-tale gentleness and antiquarian whimsy." Riva Lehrer, herself disabled, paints intense, sympathetic, surreal portraits of disabled persons. Richard Loving paints luminous, spiritual abstractions. Tim Lowly, who has mastered the difficult medium of egg tempera, paints heartbreaking spiritual pictures of seemingly ill children. Audrey Niffenegger paints beautifully weird surreal images and writes acclaimed fiction as well. Frank Piatek paints not-quite-abstracts of giant, writhing tube-forms. Judith Raphael paints pugnacious little girls posed like classical artworks. Patrick Skoff leaves his paintings in public places for people to find and keep.Matt Lamb, a self-taught artist, creates luminous expressionist paintings with bold uses of color, whimsical figures and symbols, and unlikely combinations of mediums. Maria Tomasula paints exquisitely realistic, symbolic still-lives. Wesley Kimler paints expressive, gestural, hybrid paintings that combine abstract and figurative elements in theatrical, sometimes grotesque and highly creative ways. John F. Miller taught for a few decades at the SAIC and, during the bulk of that period, produced paitings and some drawings in an abstract style. Since the late 1990s, Miller has produced most of is work using compters and graphics software. Mark Staff Brandl combines the influences of comic books, sign-painting and philosophy in talented paintings and installations which are accessible, intellectually demanding, and warily subversive.
Sculptors, textile art.
Cat Chow constructs dresses out of subversive materials. Richard Hunt sculpts ruggedly abstract commentaries on social issues. Kerry James Marshall paints and sculpts multi-media works commenting on African-American life.
Photography.
These same impulses also appeared in Chicago's lively Street photography scene, gaining notoriety through artists centered around the Institute of Design such as Harry Callahan, Aaron Siskind, Leon Lewandowski as well as in the work of nanny-savant Vivian Maier. Bob Thall's beautiful, bleak photographs of Chicago-area architecture have also won much acclaim.
Illustration, printmaking.
Contemporary illustrators include Jay Ryan, whose hand-silkscreened posters have advertised many a rock band, and fantasist Scott Gustafson. Tony Fitzpatrick etches wild, detailed, tattoo-like pop images.
Public art.
Chicago had a revival, dating to the 1960s, of public mural art, involving local artists and community members. Chicago Public Art Group is a non profit cultural organization in Chicago that organizes and promotes creation of community public art. Founded in 1971, several of its recent works have been large bricolage mosaics in city underpasses.
Today, Jeff Zimmerman paints photorealistic portrait murals, which can be found in various neighborhoods and restaurants in Chicago and Cincinnati.
Irreverence, satire.
Chicago has a strong tradition of satirical, even grotesque art and illustration. The early books of L. Frank Baum were illustrated with the strange work of William Wallace Denslow. The Chicago tradition of political satire is seen in installation artist Öyvind Fahlström, cartoonish artist Hy Roth, and actual cartoonists Heather McAdams and Nicole Hollander. Other Chicago cartoonists recognised by the art world include Lynda Barry, Dan Clowes, Jay Lynch and Chris Ware (whose work was shown at the 2002 Whitney Biennial). Significant comics artists from Chicago include Jessica Abel, "Herblock" (Herbert Block), animator Walt Disney, adventure satirist Phil Foglio, and goth cartoonist Jill Thompson.
Self-taught artists and Outsider Art.
"Chicago emerged early on as an outpost for outsider art," according to critic Andrew Patner.
Manierre Dawson was an early self-taught artist, who began painting abstracts in 1910. He was invited to display in the Armory Show.
In the 1990s, a group of Chicago collectors, including Bob Roth, founder of the "Chicago Reader", and Ann Nathan and Judy Saslow, both of whom have opened acclaimed galleries, organized , which leads tours of Midwestern self-taught artists and has its own exhibition space.
Paul Waggoner, an eccentric himself, was an art dealer and champion of outsider art.
Carl Hammer, an art dealer in Chicago, has handled much strange, figurative outsider art, including the epic novel, illustrated with hermaphroditic girls traced from coloring books, of Henry Darger, and the naive portraits of society ladies of Lee Godie. Hammer also represents Mr. Imagination, a self-taught bottlecap muralist Mr. Imagination, whose work is in several museums, also participated in the 2007 public art project, "".
Troubles and controversies.
In the 1980s, the Museum of Contemporary Art, along with the Art Institute of Chicago and Chicago's Department of Cultural Affairs, attempted to put on a show of contemporary Chicago art. Called "The Chicago Show", it was supposed to celebrate Chicago's artistic diversity. Embarrassingly, 84 of the 90 artists chosen by the 5-member blind jury were found to be white. The organizers published an apology in the exhibit catalogue and invited twenty minority artists who had not been juried in to participate. Half of the invited artists, angered by this condescension, refused and organized a counter-exhibit at the Chicago Cultural Center.
On April 15, 1989, the same night that the Hyde Park Art Center celebrated its 50th anniversary, a devastating fire destroyed most of an entire block of important galleries and art spaces in the River North gallery district.
In spring of 1996, the Feigen, Inc. gallery's exhibit of Gregory Green's "10,000 Doses" and "Recipe for Making 'LSD' in the Kitchen" was raided by the Chicago police, who confiscated and broke open the artworks. No drugs were found.
In 1996 the Museum of Contemporary Art, to get over the embarrassment of "The Chicago Show", attempted a survey of Chicago Art called "Art in Chicago: 1945-1995". It was criticized by the press as cramped, inadequate, and incomprehensive. Its catalogue was judged a disappointment by Dennis Adrian, an art critic and participant, who called it "visually ... an atrocity of staggering proportions."
Visual arts coverage.
In the last decade, all major print publications in Chicago have ceased seriously covering the visual arts . In 2009, the "Chicago Reader", an alternative weekly newspaper, reduced its formerly complete art listings of galleries and museums and regular art reviews by Fred Camper to "a smattering of listings and pictures". The "Chicago Tribune", one of Chicago's two major newspapers, never had gallery or art listings and fired its sole dedicated fine arts reporter, Alan G. Artner, in 2009.
And the "Chicago Sun-Times", the other of Chicago's two major newspapers, has no gallery or art listings and no dedicated arts reporter, although Kevin Nance has covered some fine art issues along with movies and popular culture.
Additionally, The "New Art Examiner" (from Chicago) and "Dialogue" magazine (Columbus, Ohio) reported on Chicago and midwestern arts communities until they both folded in 2002. "Chicago Gallery News", a glossy color magazine published three times a year, lists gallery shows but has no articles. "Gallery Guide" magazine publishes a Chicago/midwest edition which is similar.
However, smaller online and print publications have continued to cover the art scene in Chicago and have increased dramatically in number in recent years. Since 1988, New City Magazine has covered the visual arts in Chicago, joined in the 1990s by Lumpen Magazine.. Gapers Block, a Chicago-focused web publication established in 2003, added coverage with their arts and culture section. They were soon followed by Paul Klein's Art Letter in 2004 and the Bad At Sports podcast and blog in 2005. In 2008, print-based Proximity Magazine was established, joined by two more print publications, Jettison Quarterly, and The School of the Art Institute's F News Magazine in 2009. Also in 2009, Chicago Art Magazine broke off of Art Talk Chicago, part of the Chicago Tribune-sponsored blog network, to start their own independent online platform. Chicago Art Review, which ran from 2009-2011 and is currently in hiatus, began in 2009 as well. In 2010, Sixty Inches From Center was established and includes The Chicago Arts Archive, a web publication focusing on visual art in Chicago.
Additionally, http://www.chicagoartistsresource.org Chicago Artists Resource], launched by the Department of Cultural Affairs in 2005, provides articles on visual art in addition to providing resources and tools for Chicago artists.
Local artists' interests are represented by the Chicago Artists' Coalition, a nonprofit advocacy organization, which has a monthly newsletter, the "Chicago Artists' News".

</doc>
<doc id="19010541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010541" title="Index of Denmark-related articles">
Index of Denmark-related articles

This is an index of Denmark-related articles and topics related to the Kingdom of Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19010543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010543" title="Jan de Wet">
Jan de Wet

Johannes Marthinus (Jan) de Wet (10 November 1927 – 13 February 2011) was a Namibian politician and farmer.
Politics.
De Wet entered politics as a member of the South African Parliament from 1964 to 1970. He then became the Commissioner General of Indigenous People (Commissioner of Bantu Affairs) from 1970 to 1978. While working in South Africa, de Wet was amongst officials who met then rebel organization South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO) in Geneva, Switzerland.
Following the Turnhalle Constitutional Conference in 1978 and the possibility of Namibian independence, the farmer left South African politics and entered White Namibian politics with the Action Christian National. De Wet was a member of the Transitional Government of National Unity from 1985 until independence in 1989. He chaired that body from August 1987 until January 1988. Following the 1989 democratic election, de Wet was selected to represent the ACN in the Constituent Assembly of Namibia (1989–90) and 1st National Assembly (1990–94).
Farming.
A White Namibian, de Wet was a farmer in Leonardville in Namibia's eastern Omaheke Region. As head of the Namibian Agricultural Union from 1994 to 2004, de Wet worked with the Namibian government concerning the country's land reform processes, questioning criteria and methods of redistribution.

</doc>
<doc id="19010552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010552" title="Claud Phillimore, 4th Baron Phillimore">
Claud Phillimore, 4th Baron Phillimore

Claud Stephen Phillimore (15 January 1911–29 March 1994) was an English architect who in 1990 succeeded to the title of 4th Baron Phillimore.
He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he was a member of the University Pitt Club.
Works.
These include:

</doc>
<doc id="19010558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010558" title="Palchok">
Palchok

Palchok is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1978 and had 409 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19010561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010561" title="Iron Men and Silver Stars">
Iron Men and Silver Stars

Iron Men and Silver Stars is a collection of western short stories edited by Donald Hamilton. Hamilton's short story contribution, The Guns of William Longley, won the 1967 Western Writers of America Spur Award for best short material.

</doc>
<doc id="19010563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010563" title="Pangtang">
Pangtang

Pangtang is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2268 and had 410 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19010571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010571" title="Pedku">
Pedku

Pedku is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1838 and had 362 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19010577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010577" title="Pipaldanda">
Pipaldanda

Pipaldanda is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2751 and had 518 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19010589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010589" title="Piskar">
Piskar

Piskar is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1870 and had 366 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19010593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010593" title="Ramche, Sindhulpalchok">
Ramche, Sindhulpalchok

Ramche is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2893 and had 566 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19010594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010594" title="Johan Collett">
Johan Collett

Johan Collett (22 March 1775–19 June 1827, age 52) was a Norwegian politician.
Personal life.
He was born in Næstved, Denmark, as the youngest living son of Johan Collett, Sr. (1734–1806) and Else Elisabeth Jensen (1746–1788). He had both older and younger siblings, but many died young. One of his brothers Jonas was a politician too.
He married Christiane Birgithe de Stockfleth (1782–1829). The couple had eleven children. His son Johan Christian Collett became a politician too. One of their daughters Sophie Augusta Collett (born 1811) married businessman Peter Severin Steenstrup, and a son Peter Jonas Collett (born 1813) married noted writer Camilla Wergeland. Through the latter marriage, Johan Collett was the grandfather of Robert and Alf Collett.
Career.
Collett grew up in Copenhagen, and studied at the University of Copenhagen. Being proud of his Norwegian ancestry, he was a member of the Norwegian Society in Copenhagen, and later one of the directors of the society. He graduated as cand.jur. in 1796. In 1802 he was appointed bailiff in Buskerud, and therefore moved to Norway.
As a politician, Johan Collett was appointed County Governor of Buskerud in 1814. He succeeded his brother Jonas Collett. He was County Governor until his death in 1827, and was succeeded by Niels Arntzen Sem.
While he was County Governor, he was also elected to the Norwegian Parliament. He was a member of the Constituent Assembly at Eidsvold in 1814, which formed the Constitution of Norway, and then a member of the first parliamentary session later in 1814. He was later re-elected to serve three more terms in 1818, 1824 and 1827.
He was decorated Knight of the Order of Vasa in 1815, and Knight of the Order of the Polar Star in 1818.

</doc>
<doc id="19010604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010604" title="2004 Open 13">
2004 Open 13

The 2004 Open 13 was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Palais des Sports de Marseille in Marseille in France and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from February 23 through February 29, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19010620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010620" title="Sangachok">
Sangachok

Sangachok is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7769 and had 1433 houses in the village.
References.
SANGACHOK is a village named from combination of two words 'sanga' and 'chok'. Where sanga means 'kodo', the name of nepalese crop and chok means 'way intersection' as a point. Sangachok is located at sindhupalchok district, bagmati zone,central development region, NEPAL. Sangachok is a village development committee (v.d.c.) located at north-east of nepal 68 km far from capital city 'kathmandu' through araniko highway. Sangachok is surrounded by other v.d.c's namely thulosirubari, irkhu, kadambas, thokarpa and two big river of nepal(namely indrawati and sunkoshi) at kavrepalacchok district side.It's a hilly region with some green forest and crop field with some village area. Most of the people here are sustainable farmer. Beside this some of them are teachers, government officers, polices, armies, shopkeepers, professional drivers etc. Most of the youth are abroad for job purposes.
For more information about sangachok please go to
some of village in sangachok are pokhere, nursery, panichaur, pallatoll, tallathok, jamune, katunjepani, phalate(www.phalate.blogspot.com), bhimtar, kavre, shahithok, chhap, lapse, deurali, sangachok(bhanjyang), harre, jalkini, karkitar, ranathok, khatrithok, chotedanda, bhandanda, swarthok, chehere, sukute, kolta, koththok etc.
Catching the bus Jyugal Yatayat (Jyugal Transportation) from Purano Bus Park, Kathmandu one can reach Sangachok Village Development Committee (v.d.c.) through araniko highway within about three hour. Sangachok is the gateway of Sindhupalchok district. Sangachok vdc is 60 km far from Kathmandu. Sangachok bazaar (bhanjyang) is 68 kilometer far from Kathmandu. One can reach the top hills of Sangachok by bus, 11 kilometer from Dolalghat, Kavrepalanchok district from where one can see longest range of Himalayas named Jyugal, Gaurishankar, Ganesh, langtang, high hills, forests, river named Sunkoshi and Indrawati. Sangachok lies on Sindhupalchok district, Bagmati zone, Central Development Region, Nepal.
Sangachok lies on the summit of hills surrounded by forests, river Sunkoshi and Indrawati also surround it. The natural scene has a great impact on every one mind. It gives pleasure too. Sangachok is the place of unforgettable natural beauty and spilled around history. There are about 12000 people in this village. The main occupation of the people of Sangachok is farmer.
A saying of old people goes as follows “Once the great Prithivi Narayan Shah had stayed in ‘Sangachok Gadhi’ for attacking Naldum (now Nagarkot) and for uniting Nepal. One can reach to sangachok gadhi from sangachok bazaar by walking to the summit for 25–30 minutes. since sangachok gadhi is at top, it is useful for scenery and sunrise. Every one is the lover of nature and beauty so for natural beauty visit Sangachok. The name Sangachok was derived from food named “kodo”.
Nepal is a country of land of gods and goddesses where every soul is a god and every house is a temple. On the way to sangachok gadhi we found “kot mandir”.
We heard that “one should have to taste, if he/she wants to know the flavor of pears”. So to know about sangachok , its history, adventure, culture please visit SANGACHOK.

</doc>
<doc id="19010626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010626" title="Sanusiruwari">
Sanusiruwari

Sanusiruwari is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3320 and had 577 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19010631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010631" title="Baker Creek State Park">
Baker Creek State Park

Baker Creek State Park is located adjacent to Lake Thurmond, near the town of McCormick in the county of McCormick, South Carolina. The park sits on land leased in 1967 from the US Army Corps of Engineers.
Amenities in the park include two campgrounds, a lakefront pavilion, boat ramps for access to the lake and picnic shelters. The park is home to a nature trail where wildlife such as deer, waterfowl and wild turkeys can be observed. Mountain biking and hiking are popular activities on a 10-mile trail (16 km) that winds through the park.

</doc>
<doc id="19010636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010636" title="Selang">
Selang

Selang is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2356 and had 443 houses in the village.
References.
please help children's of selang for details contact 011690615

</doc>
<doc id="19010640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010640" title="Spain–Turkey relations">
Spain–Turkey relations

Spanish–Turkish relations are foreign relations between Spain and Turkey. Spain has an embassy in Ankara. Turkey has an embassy in Madrid and consulate general in Barcelona.
History.
During the 16th century, Habsburg Spain and the Ottoman Empire fought for supremacy in the Mediterranean.
A highlight was the battle of Lepanto where the Spanish-led fleet (allied with the Republic of Venice and the Papal States) won over the Ottoman fleet.
In North Africa, the Spanish actions against the Barbary Pirates (Ottoman allies) were not successful for long.
During this time, the Ottomans welcomed many Sephardi Jews and Conversos, fleeing from religious persecution in Spain, who introduced the Gutenberg press and theater, and supported a failed Morisco revolt.
The silver brought from Spanish America caused massive inflation in Spain, that extended to the rest of Europe and even the Ottoman Empire.
Modern relations between the two countries started in 1782 when the "Agreement of Peace, Friendship and Trade" signed.
Political relations.
Turkey and Spain are both members of the Council of Europe, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), the World Trade Organization (WTO) and the Union for the Mediterranean.
There are no political problems between Turkey and Spain at bilateral level. Spain is one of the major countries supporting Turkey’s membership to the European Union.
The "Joint Action Plan" signed between Turkey and Spain on July 22, 1998 established the framework of the bilateral relations between the two countries.
The Alliance of Civilizations was initiated by the Spanish Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero, co-sponsored by the Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
There are approximately 40,000 Turks in Spain.
Economic relations.
Trade volume between Turkey and Spain was €5.99 billion in 2011.
There are more than 150 Spanish firms operating in Turkey. The value of Spanish investments in Turkey is around €250 million. 
In 2008, more than 350,000 Spanish tourists visited Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19010642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010642" title="Sikharpur">
Sikharpur

Sikharpur is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2140 and had 406 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19010644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010644" title="Bhrigu Lake">
Bhrigu Lake

Bhrigu Lake is a lake located at an elevation of around in Kullu district, Himachal Pradesh, India. It is located to the east of Rohtang Pass and is around from Gulaba village. It can be reached by trekking either from the Vashishth temple, which is famous for its hot water springs, which is close to the town of Manali or from Gulaba village. It is named after Maharishi Bhrigu. 
Legend has it that the sage used to mediate near the lake and hence it has been rendered sacred; the locals believe that due to this the lake never freezes completely.

</doc>
<doc id="19010661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010661" title="Colm Condon">
Colm Condon

Colm Condon (16 July 1921 – 9 August 2008) was Attorney General of Ireland from 1965 until 1973. He served in office during the beginning of the Troubles in Northern Ireland in the late 1960s. 
He was born in Ashbourne, County Meath, the third son of Thomas Condon, an accountant and Irish Republican Army (IRA) activist, who had taken part in the 1916 Easter Rising. His mother was Margaret McGuire, a teacher in Ashbourne. Thomas Condon was also briefly a senator representing the Fianna Fáil party as well as having been a member of Meath County Council.
Condon was educated at Terenure College in Dublin and subsequently at University College Dublin. He practised cases including those involving defamation and personal injury. 
Condon was called to the Bar in 1944 and became a senior counsel in 1959. He was appointed as attorney general, serving under Taoiseach Sean Lemass. He remained in office under Lemass's successor, Jack Lynch. He argued on behalf of the State during the 1970 Arms Trial which involved future Taoiseach Charles Haughey. 
In 1972 he helped draft legislation that set up the Special Criminal Court. 
In 1997 Condon appeared before the Moriarty Tribunal in which he sided with Haughey challenging the powers of the tribunal.
Condon was married twice. He had two sons Colm and Eoin, and two daughters, Stephanie and Carolyn by his first marriage. 

</doc>
<doc id="19010663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010663" title="Keith McCaskill">
Keith McCaskill

Keith McCaskill was police chief of the Winnipeg Police Service (WPS), located in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. He took office on December 10, 2007. At the time of his appointment, he was a 29-year veteran of the WPS. On March 2, 2012, McCaskill announced his retirement as Chief of Police, saying he would step down when his term ends on December 9, 2012. He has been succeeded by Devon Clunis.
Early Years.
McCaskill was born and raised in Winnipeg and worked at the St. James Parks Board before joining the force. His father was Police Chief with the St. James Assiniboine District.
Controversies.
In the summer of 2008, McCaskill's first after taking office, there were two controversial incidents—a shooting and a taser-related death—involving WPS officers and Aboriginal peoples in Canada. McCaskill has stated he wants to gain the trust of the aboriginal community in Winnipeg.
That summer, McCaskill also testified at the Taman Inquiry, an investigation into the prosecution of Derek Harvey-Zenk, a former WPS Constable who rear ended and killed Crystal Taman, a 40-year-old mother of three, while he was allegedly impaired. At the inquiry, there were allegations that fellow officers were covering up for Harvey-Zenk, and McCaskill urged testifying officers to "be truthful".

</doc>
<doc id="19010671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010671" title="Timothy Carhart">
Timothy Carhart

Timothy Carhart (born 24 December 1953) is an American actor. Carhart was born in Washington, D.C., and travelled to Izmir and Ankara in Turkey and Verdun in France before returning to the US and studying theater, where he has been acting since at least the late 1970s. Before changing his name the actor was Tim Grunig, and he attended junior high and high school in Evanston, Illinois.
Television work.
Carhart made his television acting debut in NBC's 1978 mini-series "The Awakening Land". Throughout the 1980s, Carhart made guest appearances on several television series, including "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "Miami Vice", and "Crime Story". Carhart also appeared in two episodes of the crime drama "".
In 1989, Carhart had a recurring role on the drama series "Thirtysomething". That same year, Carhart was a regular on the CBS medical drama series "Island Son".
Carhart has made guest appearances on a number of science fiction shows including in 1991 where he appeared in "Quantum Leap", the time travel series starring Scott Bakula and Dean Stockwell. Later that year he appeared as Lieutenant Commander Christopher Hobson in the fifth season premiere of "", "". In 1995, Carhart was a guest star on the widely popular science fiction series "The X-Files", appearing as Virgil Incanto in the episode "2Shy".
Other television shows on which Carhart has guest-starred during the 1990s include "Empty Nest", "Roseanne", "The Young Riders", "L.A. Law", "Law & Order", "Strange World", and "Profiler".
Carhart appeared in several made-for-TV movies during the 1990s, including "Call Me Anna" (1990), "" (1992) "Smoke Jumpers" (1996), "America's Dream" (1996), and "Before Carhart Wakes" (1998). Carhart also starred in two mini-series from CBS, 1991's "In a Child's Name" and 1996's "Gone in the Night".
Between 2000 and 2003, Carhart played the recurring role of Eddie Willows on the hit CBS crime drama "" in four episodes. In 2002, Carhart had a recurring role on the hit Fox series "24", playing Assistant NSA head Eric Rayburn in four episodes.
Carhart has also made recent guest appearances on shows such as "The Practice", UPN's "The Twilight Zone", "Frasier", "Judging Amy", and "Standoff". Carhart was most recently seen in a 2007 episode of "" entitled "Silencer".
He also made a guest appearance in Criminal Minds in the Season 4 episode, 'Roadkill' as Detective Quinn who calls for the BAU to help investigate after a series of homicides occur that appear to have been caused by a serial killer's car near Bend, Oregon.
Film work.
Two of Carhart's earliest film credits were the 1984 blockbuster horror comedy "Ghostbusters" and the independent comedy "The Party Animal".
In 1985, Carhart had a supporting role in the Academy Award-winning drama "Witness" and the popular romantic comedy film "Desperately Seeking Susan". In the former film, he played a small but vital role as an undercover narcotics officer (Zenovich) whose brutal murder begins the story. His character is mentioned by name only once by Harrison Ford in the final script and he does not have any lines, except for the noises he makes during the murder scene. Also in this year, Carhart appeared in the drama film "Marie".
In 1986, Carhart worked on three films "Sweet Liberty", "The Manhattan Project" and "Playing for Keeps".
Carhart played the second male lead in the adventure drama "The Rescue" (1988) and the action comedy "Pink Cadillac" (1989). In addition, Carhart can be seen in the hit 1988 comedy film "Working Girl".
Carhart's feature film credits expanded in the 1990s, with appearances in such hit films as "The Hunt for Red October", "Thelma & Louise" (1991), "Beverly Hills Cop III" (1994), "Black Sheep" (1996), and "Air Force One" (1997).
In addition, Carhart and Dan Shor played a pair of deputies in the 1992 thriller, "Red Rock West". Carhart also co-starred in the 1995 cult horror film "".
Carhart's most recent film was the 2005 direct-to-DVD Steven Seagal vehicle "Black Dawn".
Stage work.
In 1987, Carhart starred in a stage production of Don DeLillo's play "The Day Room" at the New York City Center. For his performance in this production, Carhart was nominated for the 1988 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Ensemble Acting.
On Broadway, Carhart played Harold "Mitch" Mitchell in the 1992 revival of Tennessee Williams' "A Streetcar Named Desire", acting alongside such noted actors as Alec Baldwin, James Gandolfini, and Jessica Lange.

</doc>
<doc id="19010698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010698" title="USS Lynch (1776)">
USS Lynch (1776)

USS "Lynch" (1776) was a schooner acquired as part of the Continental Navy in 1776. She served for over a year on the New England coast, interfering with British maritime trade when possible. In 1777 she was assigned dispatch boat duty and, after delivering her secret dispatches in France, set sail for the United States with French secret dispatches, only to be captured by the British, but only after destroying the French dispatches.
Chartered by order of Washington.
The first ship to be so named by the Navy, "Lynch", a fishing schooner chartered by order of General George Washington 26 January 1776 from Col. John Lee of Marblehead, Massachusetts, was commissioned 1 February 1776 at Manchester, New Hampshire, Comdr. John Ayers in command.
Continental Navy service.
"Lynch" eluded fire from HMS" Fowey" when she sailed 7 February 1776 from Manchester, New Hampshire, to fit out at Beverly, Massachusetts. Shortly after midnight 2 March, "Lynch" slipped out of Beverly and dodged "Fowey" and "Nautilus" to make her way to rendezvous in Cape Ann Harbor with three other ships in the little American fleet commanded by Commodore John Manley.
On the night of the 4th, Manley’s schooners drove off British brig "Hope" in a spirited engagement. The next day they took their first prize, "Susannah", a 300 ton English merchantman laden with coal, cheese, and porter for General Howe’s beleaguered army in Boston, Massachusetts. 
After escorting their prize to Portsmouth, Manley’s squadron returned to Cape Ann, where on the 10th he captured a second prize, Boston bound transport "Stokesby", a 300 ton ship carrying porter, cheese, vinegar, and hops. "Lynch" and the others escorted the prize toward Gloucester, Massachusetts, but "Stokesby" ran hard aground. After much of the prize’s cargo had been removed, British brig "Hope" arrived and put the torch to the hulk.
Howe evacuates Boston.
While Manley’s squadron was at Gloucester, General Howe evacuated Boston and Washington ordered his ships to dog the British fleet and pounce upon any stragglers. The patriot schooners departed Gloucester 21 March and sighted a merchant brig off Boston Light that afternoon. They chased their prey and by evening were close enough to open fire. Their quarry then hove to, but two English men of war, "Savage" and "Diligent", arrived to compel the American schooners to abandon their prize.
Soon afterwards, Manley divided his fleet, keeping "Lynch" and "Lee" with his flagship "Hancock". On the afternoon of 2 April they sighted brig "Elizabeth". This prize, an American vessel captured by the British the previous October, was full of loot plundered from the warehouses of patriot merchants just before the evacuation of Boston, and carried a goodly number of Tory refugees. Many of the Tories were transferred to "Lee", their leaders were taken on board "Hancock", and the captive crew was imprisoned in "Lynch", which accompanied "Hancock" to Portsmouth, arriving 4 April to refit and recruit.
Underway again 13 May, "Lynch" joined "Lee" and Warren in Cape Ann Harbor. A fortnight later HMS "Milford" pursued the schooners but they escaped in the fog. On 7 June they captured British transport "Anne" carrying a light infantry company of the 71st Highland Regiment and some twoscore British tars sent out as fleet replacements. The Highlanders were transferred to "Lynch" and taken to Plymouth, Massachusetts.
Cruising the New England coast through the summer, on 26 August "Lynch" and "Warren" encountered British frigate "Liverpool" and scurried away in opposite directions. "Warren" was captured while "Lynch" escaped and a few days later reached Boston. 
"Lynch" next cruised athwart the transatlantic shipping lanes. On 27 September she ran across a fleet of 120 sail bringing a division of Hessians to reinforce General Howe. Frigate HMS "Unicorn" peeled off the convoy and chased the schooner. "Lynch" only managed to escape by jettisoning her guns and water, enabling her to stay out of range until darkness allowed her to slip away. The schooner was laid up after reaching Boston.
Service as a dispatch boat.
Late in February 1777 "Lynch" was reactivated to take important dispatches to France. Under command of Capt. John Adams, she got underway from Boston 3 March and reached Nantes 2 April with valuable intelligence for the American Commissioners at Paris. 
Captured by the British.
On 19 May, while trying to slip away from the French coast, "Lynch", again carrying important secret documents as well as arms and clothing for the American Army, was intercepted by British ship of the line "Foudroyant" south of Belle-Île, on the western coast of Brittany. Unable to escape, Adams was captured before he could run the schooner aground, but he did manage to sink the dispatches. "Foudroyant" took her prize to England, arriving Plymouth, England, 23 May.

</doc>
<doc id="19010704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010704" title="2005 Open 13">
2005 Open 13

The 2005 Open 13 was an ATP tournament held in Marseille, France. The tournament was held from February 7 to February 14.

</doc>
<doc id="19010718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010718" title="Brax (game)">
Brax (game)

Brax is a two-player abstract strategy board game. It was invented in 1889 (or shortly before) in America by Frederic B Denham of New York City. The board design is unique. There are several marked paths on the board where a player moves their pieces. A piece can move one or two spaces in a turn depending upon the color of the path. Players attempt to capture each other's pieces.
Brax was featured in the book by Klutz Press "The Book of Classic Board Games" (1991) which ranked it among the top 15 board games in history. The game is also known as Jinx. A unique feature in Brax and Jinx is that players can call out "Brax" or "Jinx" if their piece threatens the other player's piece(s). This forces the other player to move the threatened piece on their next move (no other piece may be moved), and the threatened piece is jinxed; hence the name of the game Jinx.
There are three-player, four-player, and "fox and geese" (hunt game) versions of Brax.
Goal.
A player wins when they have captured all their opponent's pieces.
Equipment.
The board is an 8 x 8 square board with pieces played on the intersection points. Equivalently, the board is a 9 x 9 square grid. The board is further designed with marked lines of two colors (e.g. blue and red). Each player has seven pieces of the same two colors as the marked lines (e.g. blue and red).
Gameplay and rules.
1. Players decide what colors to play and who starts first.
2. Each players pieces are placed on the inner seven positions of each player's first rank.
3. Players alternate their turns. Only one piece may be moved in a turn.
4. A player's piece moves orthogonally in any direction on the marked lines or segments between the intersection points. A player piece may move one or two spaces depending upon the color of the marked line(s). If it is of their own color, then the piece can move one or two spaces provided the piece travels within the line of their color. However, the piece cannot, for example, move one space forward, and then one space back in one turn, and thus repeat the previous position.
If the line is the color of the other player, then the piece may only move one space.
5. A piece captures an enemy piece by displacement as in Chess. A piece moves into the same space as the enemy piece, and the enemy piece is removed. It is possible that one player's piece can capture two enemy pieces in one turn. This happens when the player's piece is able to move two spaces on its own colored line, and displacing the two enemy pieces on those two spaces.
6. A player may call "Brax" after moving its piece, and that same piece threatens at least one of their opponent's pieces. A piece threatens an enemy piece if on its next turn, the piece can capture it. By calling "Brax", the other player is forced to move that piece on their next turn (no other piece can be moved). The other player may decide to capture the threatening piece if it can reach it. The player who called "Brax" cannot call "Brax" on their next turn; he or she must wait for at least one turn before they can call "Brax" again. "Brax" can only be called immediately after the player has moved its piece, and that piece threatens at least one enemy piece. If two or more enemy pieces are threatened, then the other player can decide whichever piece to move.
A player does not have to call "Brax", if they do not wish to, however, the other player is not forced to move the threatened piece(s) on their next move.
7. When one player has only one piece left on the board, and the other player has only two pieces left on the board, then "Brax" can no longer be called by either player.

</doc>
<doc id="19010760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010760" title="Gustavo Huet">
Gustavo Huet

Gustavo Huet Bobadilla (November 22, 1912 – November 20, 1951) was an athlete from Mexico. He was born in Mexico City, Mexico. He competed in shooting and represented Mexico at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. He won a silver medal in the Men's 50 meter rifle, prone.
References.
Gustavo Huet's profile at Sports Reference.com

</doc>
<doc id="19010771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010771" title="2006 Open 13">
2006 Open 13

The 2006 Open 13 was an ATP tournament held in Marseille, France. The tournament was held from February 13 to February 20.

</doc>
<doc id="19010782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010782" title="Afro-Uruguayan">
Afro-Uruguayan

The term "Afro-Uruguayan" refers to Uruguayans of African ancestry. Almost a third are found in Montevideo.
History.
It is often asserted in the academic literature on Uruguay that the presence and role of Africans in the development of this nation are overlooked. However, Afro-Uruguayans greatly contributed to their country’s economy, society, and culture. First, they were the slaves, peons, and artisans whose toils allowed for Uruguay’s economic development between the seventeenth and nineteenth centuries. Second, African Uruguayans were the soldiers whose blood and sacrifices forged an independent nation-state from a Spanish colony, and defended that independence from foreign invaders, first Great Britain and then Brazil, during the first decades of the nineteenth century. Third, black Uruguayans were the musicians, writers, and artists whose works enriched, enlightened, and entertained their fellow citizens from colonial times to the present. Moreover, even the very symbols of nationhood in the River Plate, namely, the tango and the gaucho (cowboy), were influenced by the genius of Africans and their New-World descendants.
For most of the colonial period, the port of Buenos Aires (see contribution on Afro-Argentines) served as the exclusive entry point for African slaves in the River Plate. Spanish mercantilism sought to limit the ready access of slaves and other goods entering the New World by strictly regulating trade. Slaves entering the port of Buenos Aires, after passing a health inspection, where then regularly shipped inland, to Córdoba and the northwestern provinces of Salta and Tucumán, across the Andes Mountains to Chile (see contribution on Afro-Chileans), and to the mines of Potosí in Alto Perú (now Bolivia). The dearth of native workers in the region (unlike in Mexico and Peru), the Spanish elite’s disdain for manual labor, the need for domestic servants as social-status symbols, and the constant demands for manpower in the mines of Potosí combined to stimulate the trans-Atlantic and internal slave trades in the River Plate during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. Exact figures of African slave arrivals in Uruguay for the sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries are imprecise, largely because of the contraband slave trade.
Candombe.
Candombe's origins lie in the "Kings of Congo" ceremonial processions from the period of African slavery in South America. Candombe is related to other musical forms of African origin found in the Americas such as Cuban son and tumba and Brazilian maracatu and congadas. The form had evolved by the beginning of the 19th century and was immediately seen as a threat to the elites, who sought to ban the music and its dance in 1808. Candombe is what survives of the ancestral heritage of Bantu roots, brought by the blacks arriving at the Río de la Plata. This rhythm traveled to Uruguay from Africa with black slaves, and is still going strong in the streets, halls and carnivals of this small enchanting country.

</doc>
<doc id="19010811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010811" title="From Here to Infinity (book)">
From Here to Infinity (book)

"From Here to Infinity: A Guide to Today's Mathematics", a 1996 book by mathematician and science popularizer Ian Stewart, is a guide to modern mathematics for the general reader. It aims to answer questions such as "What is mathematics?", "What is it for " and "What are mathematicians doing nowadays?". Author Simon Singh describes it as "An interesting and accessible account of current mathematical topics". The first edition, written in 1987, was published under the title "The Problems of Mathematics".
Summary.
After an introductory chapter "The Nature of Mathematics", Stewart devotes each of the following 18 chapters to an exposition of a particular problem that has given rise to new mathematics or an area of research in modern mathematics.

</doc>
<doc id="19010817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010817" title="Isak Kobro Collett">
Isak Kobro Collett

Isak Kobro Collett (19 January 1867 – 2 September 1911) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
Personal life.
He was born as the second son of Thomas Collett (1835–1898) and Sine Kobro (1843–1920), in Lindaas where his father was stationed as a county physician. He had one older and two younger brothers. His great-grandfather was Jonas Collett, among the founding fathers of the Norwegian Constitution.
He married Jenny Augusta Arntzen (1875–1951). The couple had six children, some of whom died young.
Career.
He took secondary education in Drammen, and graduated as cand.med. in 1894. He was appointed acting county physician (equivalent to Medical Officer for Health) in Modum in 1898. He started a private practice in Eidsvold in 1898, but again became county physician, this time in Ullensaker from 1905.
Involved in politics, he was a member of Eidsvold municipal council, and even deputy mayor for some time.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the term 1910–1912, representing the constituency "Øvre Romerike". He did meet in the place of Johan Opsahl, but died midway during the term.

</doc>
<doc id="19010828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010828" title="2003 Ukrainian Football Amateur League">
2003 Ukrainian Football Amateur League

Following are the results of the Ukrainian Football Amateur League 2003 season. Participation is restricted to the regional (Oblast) champions and/or the most regarded team by the respective regional association. 
This season competition consisted of four stages as the previous. Few little changes were added this season's format. First two stages were organized in regional principal and were played in two rounds where each team could play another at its home ground. On the first stage each group winners and their immediate runner-ups were to advance to the next part of the competition. The second stage was split in four groups where first two places were advancing to the semifinals. On the second stage teams that played each other in the previous one kept their result from the first stage. The semifinals and finals, on the other hand, were played in one round and this year were organized in the cities of Severodonetsk and Rubizhne. The semifinals, in their turn, were split in two groups where first two teams were advancing to the winners final of four. And as the qualifying stages (the first two) the teams that played in semifinals did not play in the final as their results were kept from that stage.
Note: ZALK stands for the "Zaporzhian Aliuminum Plant" (Kombinat in Ukrainian).<br>
KZEZO stands for the "Kakhovkan Factory" (Zavod) of "Electro-Welding Equipment" (Elektro-Zvariuvalnoho Obladnannia).
First stage.
Note: Some records are not full.
Group A.
Note: Four games were forfeited.
Group B.
Note: Dovira-Nyva Vinnytsia forfeited 6 games.
Group C.
Note: Last two games Ikar MAKBO 94 Kirovohrad forfeited.<br>
Nizhyn withdrew after this qualification.
Second stage.
Group 1.
Note: KLO-CSKA Bucha changed to "FC KLO Bucha".<br>
KLO Bucha replaced Fakel Varva in "Semifinals".

</doc>
<doc id="19010829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010829" title="Viceregal (horse)">
Viceregal (horse)

Viceregal (April 4, 1966 - 1984) was a Canadian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse who was voted Canadian Horse of the Year as a two-year-old.
Background.
Bred and raced by E. P. Taylor and his Windfields Farm, he was a first-crop son of the great Northern Dancer and out of the Windfields-owned mare, Victoria Regina. Viceregal was conditioned for racing by Gordon J. "Pete" McCann.
Racing career.
He was sent to race at age two in 1968, and although the colt suffered from soundness problems, he nonetheless won all eight of his starts and won Canadian Horse of the Year honors. Popular with racing fans because of his come-from-behind style, of his eight wins, seven were stakes races including the two most important races for juveniles in Canada, the Coronation Futurity Stakes and the Cup and Saucer Stakes.
Targeted towards the 1969 Kentucky Derby, Viceregal was sent to race in the United States but on his first start in a minor race at Lexington he pulled up injured after finishing third. It was discovered that he had broken a bone in a forefoot thereby ending his racing career.
Stud record.
Retired to stud, Viceregal stood at Winfields Farm in Ontario as well as at breeding operations in Germany, France and Japan. In all, he sired thirty-five stakes race winners and is the damsire of the 1987 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner, Trempolino.

</doc>
<doc id="19010843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010843" title="Index of Dominica-related articles">
Index of Dominica-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the nation of Dominica.

</doc>
<doc id="19010853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010853" title="Dusty, Washington">
Dusty, Washington

Dusty is an unincorporated community in Whitman County, Washington, United States. It lies on Secondary State Highway 11A.
Geography.
The community is located in the Palouse Region, which is known for its rolling hills and agricultural production. Various reports put the population of this tiny hamlet at either 11 or 12 people.
Notable residents.
Dusty is home of Wylie Gustafson, leader of the musical group "Wylie & The Wild West". Coming from an extremely small community, this group has performed at the National Cowboy Poetry Gathering, The National Folk Festival, Kennedy Center, Lincoln Center, on A Prairie Home Companion, the National Lentil Festival and on the Grand Ole Opry.

</doc>
<doc id="19010894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010894" title="John May (priest)">
John May (priest)

The Very Reverend Henry John May was the Dean of St George's Cathedral, Georgetown, Guyana from 1890 until 1893.
Previously he had been Priest in charge at Enmore, Guyana Vicar of "St Swithin's, West Bank Demerara" and the "Rural Dean of Mindenburg".

</doc>
<doc id="19010900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010900" title="Yvette Biro">
Yvette Biro

Yvette Biro Ph.D. - essayist, screenwriter, and Professor Emeritus at New York University Graduate Film School (NYU).
Her early books on the aesthetics of film were first published in her native Hungary, which became handbooks for film-schools in the country. Meanwhile she worked on a dozen of prizewinning films with noted directors (Miklós Jancsó, Zoltán Fábri, Károly Makk). She was both the founder and the Editor-in-Chief of Filmkultura, the magazine of the democratic opposition.
In the mid 1970s, she was "offered" the chance to emigrate by the Hungarian authorities. After teaching at the Sorbonne in Paris, she moved to the USA to teach at the Universities of Berkeley and Stanford, California.
In 1982 she was hired as a professor then became Full Professor on the faculty of the Tisch School of the Arts (Film and TV Graduate Division) at NYU where she worked until her retirement in 2007. During these years, she was often invited as Visiting Professor to various universities, for instance the American Film Institute in Los Angeles, the Sorbonne in Paris, FEMIS in Paris, Centro Sperimentale in Rome, the University of Hong Kong, the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, and Rai University in New Delhi.
She regularly held workshops and master-classes in screen-writing in Bombay, Budapest, the Dominican Republic, Harare (Zimbabwe), Havanna (Cuba), Istanbul, Ljubljana, Jyvaskyle (Finland), Prague, Sarajevo, Tokyo, Toronto, Zagreb, etc.
She has written books on film which have been translated into several languages. Her numerous essays have been published in professional magazines internationally – "Film Quarterly", "Études Cinématographiques ", "Performing Arts Journal", "Bianco & Nero", "Dædalus", "Millennium", "The Village Voice", etc., on online magazines such as "Rouge" and the "Unspoken Journal".
Her latest book, "Turbulence and Flow in Film" was published by Indiana University Press in 2008.
It has taken close to twenty years for her to return to film production. Although her script "Arrivals and Departures" (1995) won the European Script Fund Award, the film has never been made.
Her recent scripts have been produced by various European co-production companies: "The Stone Raft" (2003), "Johanna" (2006), "Delta" (FIPRESCI Prize in Cannes 2008) and "Tender Son" (2010).
She cowrote with Kornél Mundruczó a play, "Judasevangelium" which opened at the Hamburg Thalia Theatre in September 2009 and another stage production "The Frankenstein Project" toured to various European theatres in Brussels, Paris, Vienna etc., during 2007/2008.
After spending more than 25 years in New York, she has now re-established herself in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19010913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010913" title="Chino Canyon (California)">
Chino Canyon (California)

Chino Canyon is a long desert canyon, and its associated stream is a tributary of the Whitewater River in Riverside County, California, United States. The canyon is located in the northern part of the San Jacinto Mountains and is part of the Coachella Valley. It is one of the steepest canyons in North America, dropping from over at the south rim to less than on the valley floor in less than a mile. The southernmost, upper reaches of the canyon are bordered by Mount San Jacinto State Park. The canyon mouth at the north end is being encroached by the outskirts of Palm Springs, California. Chino Canyon is the site of the Palm Springs Aerial Tramway.
Chino Canyon Creek.
Chino Canyon is a rare desert canyon where substantial springs are present. These produce a waterfall and a sizeable stream that peaks out at about 5.4 ft3 per second (0.15 m3 per second). The stream flows under the visitor center and dries up about 3.5 miles down the canyon.

</doc>
<doc id="19010914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010914" title="Austin Scarlett">
Austin Scarlett

Austin Scarlett (born January 1, 1983) is an American fashion designer and artist best known for his appearances on the first season of "Project Runway", the 2012 "", and his own series, "On the Road with Austin and Santino".
Early life and education.
Scarlett, son of Debra Little and Christopher Scarlett, was born in Cottage Grove, Oregon. He attended the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City, where he specialized in couture and evening wear design and received his degree in fashion design. He also received fine arts training at the Art Students League of New York.
Career.
While still in school, Scarlett worked as a design assistant and patternmaker on various projects ranging from opera to dance, film, and on Broadway. Scarlett also worked as an assistant costume archivist at The Museum at FIT, with their collection of Haute Couture and textiles.
Scarlett found success on the first season of the Bravo reality show "Project Runway" in 2004-2005. During the airing of "Project Runway", he became known for his ability to produce glamorous fashions under the tight deadlines and unusual requirements of the competitive reality show. On the very first episode of the program, he created a gown entirely from cornhusks, a design which Tim Gunn as well as each of the three judges later cited as the single most iconic design from the history of the series.
After "Project Runway", Scarlett produced couture collections under his own name for fall 2005 and spring 2006.
In January 2006, he joined New York-based bridal-design house Amsale as Creative Director of its luxury gown collection, Kenneth Pool, where he served until 2009.
Scarlett’s involvement as a fashion designer and connoisseur for print and the web include features in "The New York Times", "Town and Country", "Madame Figaro", "Elle", "In Style", the "New York Daily News", and "Women’s Wear Daily".
Scarlett and his designs have been featured on episodes of TLC's "Say Yes to the Dress".
He has been portrayed on "Saturday Night Live" by comedian Fred Armisen, in a spoof of "Project Runway".
Scarlett has designed theatrical costumes for Shen Wei Dance Arts, performed at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, “Trace” with Aspen Santa Fe Ballet, “Remember Me”, David Parsons Dance as seen on PBS.
In 2010 Scarlett joined season two star Santino Rice in their show "On the Road with Austin and Santino". The series premiered July 29, 2010, on the Lifetime network, and followed the pair cross country as they created couture designs using local resources.
Scarlett has also lent his design talents to many charitable causes, including The New York Public Library, New York City Opera, Live Out Loud, Equity Fights AIDS, Women In Need, and others.
In 2012 he returned to the runway in "". In October 2012, Austin Scarlett released his signature collection of wedding and evening dresses. His collection is available at Neiman Marcus and other luxury retailers around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19010920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010920" title="Vicente de la Mata">
Vicente de la Mata

Vicente de la Mata (January 15, 1918 – August 4, 1980) was an Argentine football Centre forward and manager. He played most of his club career for Independiente and played for the Argentina national team between 1937 and 1946.
Playing career.
De la Mata emerged from the youth team of Central Córdoba in 1936, he was soon signed by Independiente where he spent 14 seasons, scoring 151 goals in 362 games for the club. He was part of three championship winning teams and played alongside Antonio Sastre and Arsenio Erico. He is fondly remembered as one of the club's greatest ever players.
De la Mata played for Argentina on thirteen occasions between 1937 and 1946, scoring six goals. He played for Argentina in the Copa América on three occasions, each won by Argentina. In 1937 he scored both goals in the 2–0 win over Brazil in the final. He was also part of the squads that won the tournament in 1945 and 1946.
In 1951 he returned to Rosario to play for Newell's Old Boys and retired in 1952.
Managerial career.
De La Mata went on to become a football manager, he had spells in charge of Independiente, Deportivo Morón, Dock Sud and Central Córdoba.

</doc>
<doc id="19010921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010921" title="Nantucket sleighride">
Nantucket sleighride

A Nantucket sleighride was a term used by Nantucket whalemen to describe what occurs immediately following the harpooning of a whale. The whale, realizing it is harpooned, attempts to flee and thus drags a boat along with it. The speed of the "sleigh ride" would vary depending on the species of the whale, with certain species (e.g. humpbacks) giving faster rides. The sperm whale was the whale that caused the longest drag events, reaching speeds of 23 mph (37 km/h). The length of the drag for the sailors would last as long as the whale could swim before it became exhausted. Once the whale expended its energy, the sailors would kill it and harvest its oil.

</doc>
<doc id="19010925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010925" title="Johan Opsahl">
Johan Opsahl

Johan Opsahl (12 August 1866 - 18 February 1933) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
He was elected to the Parliament of Norway from Øvre Romerike, Akershus amt in 1910, but was not re-elected for a second term. For parts of the term, his seat was filled by Isak Kobro Collett.
Born to farmers in Nes, Akershus, Opsahl took an agrarian education at Aas. He worked with farming, but he also ran a timber merchant business, a sawmill, a mill and a peat dust factory. He was a member of the executive committee of Nes municipal council from 1907 to 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="19010944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010944" title="Grace Dent">
Grace Dent

Grace Dent (born 3 October 1973) is an English journalist, author, and broadcaster. Dent writes mainly for "The Independent", in which her opinion column appears every Wednesday and a television column every Saturday. She is a restaurant critic for the "London Evening Standard", writing a weekly column called "Grace and Flavour". She also writes for magazines such as "Tatler" and "Marie Claire".
Dent has written eleven novels for teenagers. Her "Diary of A Snob" novels were acquired for TV development by Nickelodeon in March 2011. Dent appears on British television and has fronted documentaries for Sky Atlantic and Channel 4. She has appeared on "Have I Got News For You" (BBC1), "The Now Show" (Radio 4), "The Review Show" (BBC2), "Film 2012" (BBC1), "The Culture Show" (BBC2), "Charlie Brooker's Screenwipe" (BBC4), "Front Row" (Radio 4), "The Lauren Laverne Show" (6 Music). Dent's first non-fiction title "How To Leave Twitter (My Time as Queen of the Universe and Why This Must Stop)" was published in July 2011.
Early life.
Dent was born in Carlisle, Cumbria, and studied English Literature at Stirling University. While at university she was employed by "Cosmopolitan".
Journalist.
After her graduation, Dent was employed as an editorial assistant at "Marie Claire" in London. In 1998 Dent became a freelance journalist with regular features and columns in women's magazines including "Glamour", "Cosmopolitan", "Marie Claire" and "More". She worked for the "Daily Mirror", visiting many international destinations to investigate off-beat and bizarre stories.
Dent became a television critic for "The Guardian" in 2000 and her television column "World of Lather" appeared in the newspaper's "Guide" supplement from 2001-2010. From 2010-2012, she wrote the regular column "Grace Dent's TV-OD". Dent left "The Guardian" in April 2012, moving to "The Independent", where she writes a weekly television review column for the paper's arts and culture supplement "Independent Radar", entitled "Grace Dent on Television."
Dent has appeared many times on British television as host and commentator. She has presented several items for "The Culture Show" (BBC Two) and was a writer and on-screen contributor to Charlie Brooker's "Screenwipe" (BBC Four). During "Big Brother 9", Dent was the regular critic on "Big Brother's Little Brother" (E4). In July 2008 she was a guest on Switch with Nick Grimshaw on Radio 1. In October 2008 she appeared on the Piers Morgan series "The Dark Side of Fame". In November 2008 she appeared on Radio 4's "You and Yours", "Ant and Dec: Where did it all go Right?" (Five) and "I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here Now" (ITV2). In December 2008 she was a guest on "I Love Celebrity Big Brother" (E4). In March 2009 she appeared on "Front Row" (Radio 4) discussing missing television stars. In May 2009 Dent authored and presented a documentary for Channel 4 entitled "Big Brother: A Decade In The Headlines". In July 2009 she appeared on the BB10 series of "Big Brother's Little Brother" (E4) and was also a guest on Charlie Brooker's "You Have Been Watching" (C4). In September 2010 she discussed teen literature on Radio 4's "Woman's Hour". In October 2010 and March 2012, she was a panel member on "The Apprentice: You're Fired" on BBC2 and "Seven Day Sunday" with Chris Addison on Radio 5 Live, and "Have I Got News For You" (November 2011, BBC1) and "Film 2010" (BBC1).
Published works.
Dent has written eleven novels. Her first novel, "It's a Girl Thing", was published in 2003. She was shortlisted for the 2008 Queen of Teen Prize. Dent's first non-fiction title "How To Leave Twitter (My Time as Queen of the Universe and Why This Must Stop)" was published in July 2011.
In October 2008, Dent was part of the judging panel for the Young Minds book awards. She was a judge on the 2011 Roald Dahl Funny Prize.
LBD.
Her first trilogy of novels for Puffin Books were about Miss Ronnie Ripperton and her two best friends, a.k.a. "Les Bambinos Dangereuses."
Diary of a Chav.
In 2006 the first "Diary of a Chav" novel "Trainers v. Tiaras" was released for Hodder Books chronicling the life of Essex teenager Shiraz Bailey Wood.
Diary of a Snob.
In December 2008 Dent signed a two-book deal with Hodder to write about Hampstead It-girl Poppet Zanzibar Montague-Jones. The first book was launched to the public with an event at Hay on Wye Literary Festival in June 2009. The novels were acquired for TV development by Nickelodeon in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19010958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010958" title="St. John's Church, Egham">
St. John's Church, Egham

St. John's Church, Egham or Egham Parish Church. or St. John the Baptist, Egham (or simply St. John's Church) is an evangelical Anglican church located in the centre of Egham, Surrey, in the Diocese of Guildford. There are approximately 350 members on the Electoral Roll and a usual Sunday attendance in the region of 450. The incumbent (Vicar) is the Revd Jeff Wattley.
Its purpose is reflected in the Church logo: ‘Transforming our Community’ - its goal is not just for the members but to reach out and make an impact on the community. Community programs include a Christmas soup kitchen and an active Besom group, as well as the normal Guides, Brownies, and other youth work.
History.
The current church, of Georgian architecture, was built in about 1812. There has been a church on the site since about 1150 and the lychgate precedes the current building. John Wesley preached in Egham during his English ministry in about 1771.
The grave of the loser of the last English duel, which took place in nearby Englefield Green, is in the churchyard.
The Magna Carta baronial shields have been displayed in the narthex since the 1999 liturgical reordering. Prior to that time, they were displayed on the pillars within the nave.
Recent Events.
The Vicar, Jeff Wattley, and several parishioners were on BBC1 "the One show" on 17 Feb, 2014 helping those in need from the flooding. 

</doc>
<doc id="19010983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010983" title="Trempolino">
Trempolino

Trempolino (foaled March 17, 1984) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the prestigious Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in 1987.
Background.
He was bred by Marystead Farm, the American arm of French horseman Paul de Moussac, owner of the Haras du Mezeray stud farm at Ticheville in the Lower Normandy Region of France. Sired by Sharpen Up, he was out of the mare Trephine who was a daughter of Canadian Horse of the Year, Viceregal, a first-crop son of Northern Dancer. He was conditioned for racing by Andre Fabre.
Racing career.
Trempolino's best performance at age two was a third-place finish in the Critérium de Maisons-Laffitte. At three in 1987, he ran second in the Prix du Jockey Club and Prix Lupin, and was third in the Grand Prix de Paris and the Prix Guillaume d'Ornano. His important wins that year all came at Longchamp Racecourse in Paris where he won a Listed race, the Prix de Courcelles, plus the prep for the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe, the G2 Prix Niel.
A few days before the Arc, Laura de Seroux, on behalf of Los Angeles, California businessman Bruce McNall, purchased a half interest in Trempolino. [http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=940DE2DE1631F933A2575BC0A96E948260] The eleven-horse field for that year's Arc was a strong one with top European runners such as Tony Bin, Triptych and Reference Point, the latter sent off as the betting favorite. Ridden by Pat Eddery, Trempolino capitalized on a fast pace and won in record time, beating the record set by Dancing Brave in 1986 by a full 1.3 seconds. Pat Eddery was aboard Trempolino again six weeks later in the Breeders' Cup Turf at Hollywood Park Racetrack in California in which he finished second to Theatrical.
Stud record.
Retired to stud, Trempolino stood at Gainesway Farm in Lexington, Kentucky where he remained until 2000 when he was sent to Paul de Moussac's Haras du Mezeray in France. He has sired a number of successful runners as well as important broodmares.
Sire of:
Damsire of:

</doc>
<doc id="19010990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010990" title="China Clipper (disambiguation)">
China Clipper (disambiguation)

The China Clipper was a class of clipper ship that plied the trade routes between Europe and the East Indies.
China Clipper may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19010991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010991" title="1978–79 Minnesota North Stars season">
1978–79 Minnesota North Stars season

The 1978–79 Minnesota North Stars season was the team's 12th season in the NHL. In the off season, the North Stars were on the verge of folding, and were merged with the Cleveland Barons, another team on the brink of collapse. The merged franchise continued as the Minnesota North Stars, with the old logo and colors. The changes for the franchise were new ownership and new management. Former Cleveland Barons General Manager Harry Howell assumed the coaching duties, and former Barons owner George Gund III would now become a co-owner of the North Stars.
Another result of the merger saw the North Stars take the Barons' place in the tough Adams Division. The North Stars finished in last place and missed the playoffs for the 5th time in 6 years. One of the highlights was Bobby Smith winning the Calder Trophy.
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = Plus/minus; PIM = Penalty minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; TOI = Time on ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime losses; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; SV% = Save percentage; GAA = Goals against average"

</doc>
<doc id="19010992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010992" title="On Guns and Hunting">
On Guns and Hunting

On Guns and Hunting is a collection of non-fiction outdoor literature and one short story by Donald Hamilton.

</doc>
<doc id="19010995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19010995" title="1977–78 Minnesota North Stars season">
1977–78 Minnesota North Stars season

The 1977–78 Minnesota North Stars season was the 11th season for the North Stars. The North Stars were in financial trouble, and at season's end had the worst record in the league at 18-53-9. In June 1978, with both the North Stars and the Cleveland Barons on the verge of folding, the league approved an arrangement in which the two teams were permitted to merge under the ownership of Barons owner George Gund III. The merged franchise continued as the Minnesota North Stars, but assumed the Barons' old place in the Adams Division.
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = Plus/minus; PIM = Penalty minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; TOI = Time on ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime losses; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; SV% = Save percentage; GAA = Goals against average"

</doc>
<doc id="19011005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011005" title="South Platte River Bridges">
South Platte River Bridges

South Platte River Bridges(also known as the Bronco Arch Bridge) were a pair of historic arch bridges over the South Platte River on the Valley Highway in Denver, Colorado. In 2011, a replacement project of these bridges began due to poor condition of the structures.

</doc>
<doc id="19011038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011038" title="Halfpenny Marvel">
Halfpenny Marvel

The Halfpenny Marvel was a story paper of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. For the American comic company, see Marvel comics
Overview.
"The Halfpenny Marvel" was the first of Alfred Harmsworth's storypapers aimed at putting the "penny dreadfuls" out of business by producing "pure, healthy literature" at a cheaper price. Begun in 1893, Early issues contained a long, complete tale and as many as three or four shorter ones (of very short length). These short stories would later be replaced by installments of serial stories. An editorial page also appeared in most (but not all) issues, and dealt with upcoming stories as well as providing the reader with interesting facts. In the late 1890s the editorial page was used by "Pimple the orfis boy", providing comic relief with his badly-written tales.
The stories were in the "Boys Own" genre, and often involved travel in foreign lands and the British Empire, often with quite jingoistic content, even by the standards of the day. Occasional issues featured detective stories, and Volume 1, Issue 6, published in December 1893 introduced Sexton Blake to the world in a story named 'The Missing Millionaire'. However the character was quickly moved to the Union Jack and it is there that his character was properly developed. Stories most often stood alone, but occasionally a character would recur in multiple issues, though the stories would be complete in each one.
Early covers were two-colour, often orange and black. However before long only one colour was used on the cover, most often dark blue.
By the late 1890s the paper had been renamed "The Marvel", though still cost a halfpenny. In 1904 the paper was re-launched (with a new issue 1) as a one-penny paper, still named "The Marvel".
In 2007 the band Half Penny Marvels, from Staten Island, NY were formed and named after Alfred Harmsworth's storypaper.
"The Halfpenny Marvel" is referenced by James Joyce in the short story "An Encounter", part of Joyce's "Dubliners". This magazine, as well as "Union Jack" and "Pluck" are mentioned as highly popular among Dublin schoolboys of the time, who are especially attached to the Wild West stories published there. In one scene, a teacher is extremely annoyed when catching a pupil reading during the lesson an issue of The Halfpenny Marvel containing a story entitled "The Apache Chief".

</doc>
<doc id="19011040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011040" title="Cot side">
Cot side

Cot sides are raised sides fitted to a bed to stop the occupant from falling out of bed. They occur:

</doc>
<doc id="19011063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011063" title="Windows Live Messenger">
Windows Live Messenger

Windows Live Messenger (formerly MSN Messenger) is a deprecated instant messaging client developed by Microsoft for Windows, Xbox 360, Blackberry OS, iOS, Java ME, S60 on Symbian OS 9.x and Zune HD. It connected to the Microsoft Messenger service while also having compatibility with Yahoo! Messenger and Facebook Messenger. The client was first released as "MSN Messenger" on July 22, 1999 and was marketed under the MSN branding until 2005 when it was rebranded under Windows Live and has since been officially known by its present name, although its previous name was still used colloquially by most of its users. In June 2009, Microsoft reported the service attracted over 330 million active users each month, placing Messenger among the most widely used instant messaging clients in the world.
Following the acquisition of Skype Technologies, Microsoft began to promote Skype and introduced the ability to merge their Skype accounts with a Microsoft account, allowing users to communicate with Messenger contacts via Skype, which had additional features and a wider user base. This started the discontinuation dispute.
History.
MSN Messenger (1999–2005).
Before the product was renamed Windows Live Messenger, it was named "MSN Messenger" from 1999 to 2006. During that time, Microsoft released seven major versions as follows.
The first version of MSN Messenger Service, version 1.0 (1.0.0863), was released July 22, 1999. It included only basic features, such as plain text messaging and a simplistic contact list. When it was first released, it featured support for access to America Online's AIM network. America Online continually tried to block Microsoft from having access to their service until eventually the feature was removed, and it has not re-surfaced in any later versions of the software. AOL did this by exploiting a buffer overflow bug in AIM, which causes it to execute a bit of machine code sent by the server. When this code runs, it determines if the client is AIM and sends a message back to verify the client. Since then, the software has only allowed connections to its own service, requiring a Windows Live ID (.NET Passport at that time) account to connect.
Microsoft released the first major update, version 2.0 (2.0.0083), on November 16, 1999. It included a rotating advertising banner and the ability to customize the appearance of the chat window. It came as an install option for Windows Me. This version was followed the next year by version 3.0 (3.0.0080), which was released May 29, 2000. It included file transfers and PC-to-PC and PC-to-phone audio capabilities with Net2Phone, one of the first VOIP providers.
Along with the release of Windows XP came version 4.6 of MSN Messenger, on October 23, 2001. It included major changes to the user interface, the ability to group contacts, and support for voice conversations. In this version, the client software was renamed from "MSN Messenger Service" to just "MSN Messenger," while the underlying service became known as ".NET Messenger Service". This version was only compatible with Windows 95, 98, Windows ME, NT 4.0, and Windows 2000, because Microsoft provided a scaled-down new program for Windows XP, called Windows Messenger, that it originally intended to replace MSN Messenger with on Windows XP.
That strategy changed when version 5.0 of MSN Messenger was released on October 24, 2002. It was the first version that was allowed to be installed along with Windows Messenger on Windows XP. It included UPnP (Universal Plug and Play) based file transfers, minor changes to the user interface artwork, and a Windows Media Player interface plug-in.
The next year, version 6.0 of MSN Messenger was released July 17, 2003. MSN Messenger 6.0 was a major overhaul of the whole platform, upgrading its simple text-based interface to include customizable elements such as emoticons, personalized avatars, and backgrounds. An update, version 6.1, focused on improvements to the conversation window, enabling users to hide the window frame and menu bar, and also the ability to change the theme color. The theme color could be set differently for each user. Another update, version 6.2, was released April 22, 2004, and it was the last version of the MSN Messenger 6 series. The most notable changes were a dedicated "Mobile" group for mobile contacts, a connection troubleshooter, and the "Launch Site" feature was renamed to "Fun & Games".
MSN Messenger received a major upgrade to version 7.0 on April 7, 2005. This version brought wink features that were previously only available in threedegrees. This version also advertised items to sell to you including animated display pictures, emoticons and backgrounds. The contact list window style was also updated to match instant message windows. This version also introduced the Xbox Live Integration feature. This is the last version of MSN Messenger that runs on Windows 98 and Windows Me. This version also introduced digital ink and handwriting recognition support.
The last version of MSN Messenger before the name change, version 7.5, was released August 23, 2005. New features included the Dynamic Backgrounds feature and the "msnim" protocol handler, which allowed Web sites to provide links which automatically add a contact or start conversations. Additionally, a new Voice Clips feature allowed users to hold down F2 and record a message for a maximum of 15 seconds and send it to the recipient. The window for conversations was changed slightly with an added video button. This version also introduced the Windows Installer for its auto-update feature.
Version 8.0–8.5 (2005–2009).
As part of Microsoft's Windows Live effort, which rebranded many existing MSN services and programs, MSN Messenger was renamed "Windows Live Messenger" beginning with version 8.0.
The first beta of the newly renamed Windows Live Messenger, Beta 1, was released on December 13, 2005. Major changes and additions included offline messaging, an option to change the color theme of the windows, separated send and search boxes, a word wheel search box in the main window, and additional details for contacts when hovering over their names in the contact list window.
The second beta of version 8.0, Beta 2, was released on February 26, 2006. The overall theme of this version was improved, fixing and improving several smaller places in the program. Major changes and additions included the introduction of Windows Live Contacts, the reintroduction of single file transfer, improvements to the "Add a Contact" dialog box, improved color themes, minor changes in the conversation window, and revert of the "Busy" status icon back to the normal dash icon.
The final beta version, Beta 3, was released on May 2, 2006. Major changes and additions included new icons for the program, PC-to-phone calling, an updated look for the Windows Live Call window, a new default display picture, the Windows Live Today window, improvements to the grouping of sequential messages from each contact, Rhapsody integration in the U.S., and an option for sounds to be edited and/or turned off.
The official release of Windows Live Messenger version 8.0 was on June 19, 2006. Although no notable changes were made between Beta 3 and the final version, the change from MSN Messenger to Windows Live Messenger brought some additional changes, such as customization for the nicknames of individual contacts, timestamps on messages, the ability to see a contact's name only once if the same person writes multiple messages in a row, and color schemes for the entire application. The main authentication system, Microsoft Passport Network, was replaced with Windows Live ID at the same time. A refresh to version 8.0 was released on August 10, 2006. It included audio and video improvements and fixed up minor bugs.
The first update to Windows Live Messenger was previewed on October 30, 2006, with the release of Beta 1 of version 8.1. No major changes were made, but several minor changes were included. These include the addition of the roaming identity feature (so that the same user's display name and picture would appear on any computer), a new contact card appearance, a "recently used" list for the emoticon, wink, display picture and background menus, an SMS phone book in the main menu allowing the association and editing of a phone number to the contact and allowing text messaging to a contact, a "sign out" button, a "report abuse" option in the help menu, interoperability with Yahoo! Messenger, and improvements to user status on Windows Vista
A minor update, the Windows Live Messenger 8.1 Beta 1 Refresh, was released on December 13, 2006, and fixed bugs that were causing some people to be unable to sign in and others unable to see their contact list.
The final version 8.1 was released on January 29, 2007. No changes were made from the Beta 1 Refresh. All versions of Windows Live Messenger below version 8.1 were rendered obsolete on September 12, 2007, due to a security issue identified when a user accepts a webcam or video chat invitation from an attacker.
On September 12, 2007, the Windows Live Messenger blog posted a fix that resolved a security problem. It reported of a security vulnerability in versions of Messenger older than 8.1, that the released fix would resolve. This led to an auto-update being released to all older versions. Versions running on Windows 2000 and below were required to update to a new version of MSN Messenger 7.0, and versions running on Windows XP and above were required to update to Windows Live Messenger 8.1.
On August 27, 2009, the Windows Live Messenger blog posted that due to a security problem, all users of versions 8.1 and newer need to update to the latest version, 14.0.8089. The mandatory upgrade requirement will be fully phased in by late October 2009 and began on September 15, 2009.
The first beta of Windows Live Messenger 8.5, Beta 1, was released on May 31, 2007. An update was released on June 21, 2007, to test updates being installed by Microsoft Update. This version required Windows XP SP2, compared to previous versions requiring Windows XP SP1. It was the first version to be installed in a "Windows Live" folder under "Program Files," with the shortcuts placed in a "Windows Live" folder in the Start Menu.
Major changes and additions in Beta 1 included a new installation program in conjunction with the release of Windows Live 2.0, a new look for all of its windows that matches the aesthetic styles of Windows Vista, a new "bunny" emoticon, and integration with Windows Live OneCare Family Safety. Beginning with this version, updates could be downloaded and installed through Microsoft Update.
The second beta of Windows Live Messenger 8.5, Beta 2, was released on September 5, 2007. Several issues were fixed in Beta 2, but no significant changes were applied. Compared with the first beta, the build does not say "Beta" on the top of the window, although developers had noted that it was not the final release. The new Windows Live Installer, which is used to install Windows Live Messenger 8.5 Beta 2, does not run on Windows Server 2003.
The final release of Windows Live Messenger version 8.5 was released on November 6, 2007, and it introduced no major changes.
Version 14.0–16.4 (2009–2012).
Windows Live Messenger 2009 was originally designated version 9.0, it was later assigned the technical version number 14.0, in order to be unified with the other Windows Live programs and Microsoft Office programs.
In a presentation to the Georgia Institute of Technology's IEEE Student Branch, Microsoft employee Andrew Jenks reported that the Messenger team had been working on multi-person audio/video chat, and they are also attempting to create interoperability with AIM/XMPP/ICQ. There is a basic internal version that works with XMPP already. However, these features were not seen in any versions of Windows Live Messenger 2009.
Microsoft sent an invitation to participate in the Windows Live Messenger "9" beta program to Microsoft Connect members on November 20, 2007; a week later, Microsoft began sending out emails welcoming them to the Windows Live Messenger "9" beta program for the first release, known as Beta 0.
A fan site for Windows Live Messenger, Mess.be, claimed to have a new build of Windows Live Messenger "9" on August 11, 2008, and published screenshots along with a brief summary of new features. The screenshots featured a new user interface design matching the "Wave 3" design in development by Microsoft. The images were later removed by the site after a DMCA notice was received. The installer for the same build was leaked through private forums on August 23, 2008. It would later be discovered this build was a preview of Milestone 2, or M2.
News web site LiveSide published an article on September 4, 2008, with screenshots of M2 of the newly minted "Windows Live Messenger 2009," which had become version 14.0 instead of 9.0 as previously expected. LiveSide summarized its new features, including protection against messaging spam, the ability to stay signed into the application from several computers (referred to as "Multiple Points of Presence Support"), animated GIF files in the photo area, per-contact customized sounds for various user actions, and clickable URLs in the status area.
Microsoft began the official beta program for Windows Live Messenger 2009 on September 17, 2008, when it released a new beta officially known as Windows Live Messenger 2009 Beta (Milestone 3, Build 14.0.5027.908), which was made available to the general public as a free download. The ability to submit feedback, however, was restricted to select participants of the Microsoft Connect closed beta program.
Notable changes in Milestone 3 include a new revamped and refined user interface to follow suit with the rest of the Windows Live "Wave 3" design, the ability to set a "Scene" by customizing the background image and color of the contact list, and the display of these scenes in conversation windows for improved contact identification and window management.
Milestone 3 also brings a new "Groups" feature that allows users to create a continuous group conversation between select contacts, newly redesigned status icons which now resemble small gems rather than the previous "Messenger Buddy" icons, a new default "Favorites" category in which you can place your favorite contacts for easy access to them, a new Photo Sharing utility that allows contacts to quickly and easily browse photos together, and a "What's New" section at the bottom of the contact list to outline recent contact updates. Display pictures have been moved over to the left side of conversation windows, and new colorful borders appear around display pictures to display the current status of that contact. Milestone 3 is the first version of Windows Live Messenger to use the standard window frame on Windows Vista in accordance with the user experience guidelines.
Several features were removed in version 9.0 however, such as the ability to use add-ins, the ability to transfer files when the recipient is signed in as offline, the "Be right back," "Out to lunch," and "In a call" status options, the "Go to my space" button, the ability to adjust webcam settings during a video call, the Send button, some games (depending on your localization) and integration with Windows Contacts. Other features were replaced, such as "Sharing Folders" (replaced by integration with Windows Live SkyDrive) and background sharing (replaced by the "Scene" feature).
On December 15, 2008, Windows Live Messenger 2009 RC (Build 14.0.8050.1202) was released together with the other Windows Live Wave 3 software applications, now renamed as Windows Live Essentials. This version saw a removal of the custom sign-in sound feature however it is still possible to select a sound for other individuals, as well as changes to how the background image chosen is applied to the conversation windows. This build also included over 200 bug fixes including the "Custom Emoticon Bug" and saving of pictures when using the Photo sharing feature. On January 7, 2009, the same build was released as the final version of Windows Live Messenger 2009.
The last QFE update for Wave 3 was released on May 12, 2010, and saw the removal of some features from Windows Live Messenger. Specifically, the ability to independently show only your own webcam or your contacts' webcam (one way webcam) and without an audio call is gone. It is only possible to start a video call which starts the webcams of both people communicating and which also automatically starts audio calling. Also removed is the ability to import and save/export instant messaging contacts to and from .CTT files.
On June 14, 2012, Microsoft has made the update from 2009 to 2011 mandatory for those using Windows Vista or 7. 2009 continues to be usable for those still running XP. This can be circumvented by running Windows Live Messenger in Windows XP compatibility mode, thus making it believe it is running on Windows XP.
In late March 2010, a beta of Windows Live Essentials Wave 4 was leaked onto the internet and has since spread to various BitTorrent networks, which included a private beta build of Windows Live Messenger Wave 4. However, as the software was designed for private beta testing, non-beta testers cannot sign into this leaked build.
The new software features a revamped interface which brings the "What's new" section of Windows Live to the new "social pane", similar to the way a social networking site presents updates. Among the new features are tabbed conversations, a redesign of the old emoticons, integration of Bing results, built-in video message support, HD video chat, in-line commenting of social updates, a new social photo viewer that supports commenting (for Facebook and SkyDrive photos), badges support, synchronised status updates, availability by categories, as well as integration with Facebook chat. However, several features had also been removed from the previous version, such as the removal of display names, handwriting tool, one-way webcam requests and import/export of instant messaging contacts feature. The "Wave 4" release of Windows Live Essentials, which includes Messenger, also dropped compatibility with Windows XP and only runs on Windows Vista or Windows 7.
The new Windows Live Messenger for the iOS became available on the App Store on June 21, 2010, in addition to other mobile versions of Windows Live Messenger for Windows Phone, BlackBerry, and Symbian mobile platforms.
On June 24, 2010, a public beta of Windows Live Messenger Wave 4 was released as part of the new Windows Live Essentials beta. A "beta refresh" of Windows Live Messenger Wave 4 was released on August 17, 2010 as part of an upgraded Windows Live Essentials beta. The final version of Windows Live Messenger 2011 (Wave 4) was released on September 30, 2010. On the same date, a version of Windows Live Messenger for Zune also became available.
On August 7, 2012, Microsoft delivered a new version of the Windows Essentials 2012 suite, which includes Windows Live Messenger 2012.
Discontinuation.
On 6 November 2012, Microsoft announced that Messenger and Skype services would merge in the first quarter of 2013, with users of Messenger client software moving to Skype. On 8 January 2013, Microsoft emailed Messenger users and informed them that with the exception of mainland China, the Messenger service would stop working on 15 March 2013 and users would not be able to sign in.
On 15 February 2013, ZDNet wrote the discontinuation email was only sent to one percent of Messenger users, a test group. On the same day, Microsoft announced its plans to phase out Messenger in vague terms: What Microsoft calls the "update" process would start on 8 April 2013 with English users and would end on 30 April 2013; Messenger would remain available in mainland China. According to ZDNet, this might only apply to the ability to sign in with Messenger client; Microsoft would keep its Messenger service running for another year. "Windows Live Messenger Upgrades to Skype," as they were referred to by Microsoft, started on April 8, 2013. This transition took place language by language. Brazil was the last country to be "upgraded," on April 30.
, Windows Live Messenger is still included with Windows Essentials.
, Windows Live Messenger still works when using modifications such as Messenger Reviver 2.
Features.
In addition to its basic functionality and general capability as an instant messaging client, the latest version of Windows Live Messenger offers the following features:
Album Viewer.
Windows Live Messenger's album viewer is based on Windows Photo Gallery and provides users a photo viewing experience for photo albums shared via SkyDrive and Facebook. The album viewer is interactive and supports full screen and slideshow modes, as well as viewing and uploading comments on Facebook and SkyDrive albums. It also supports people tagging for SkyDrive. The album viewer closely resembles the Microsoft Silverlight counterpart for web photo albums present on SkyDrive.
Appear offline to individuals or categories.
Windows Live Messenger allow users to appear offline to particular individual contacts, as well as to an entire category within Windows Live Messenger, while appearing online to other contacts.
This is a recent feature of Windows Live Messenger 2011, and is a departure from the previous versions of Windows Live Messenger, where blocking a contact would prevent the "blockee" from sending the user any messages to the "blocker". With the "appear offline to" configuration currently implemented, "hidden from" users can still send "offline messages" to the target.
Social networks integration.
Users can connect services such as Facebook, MySpace and LinkedIn using Windows Live Profile, and display their contact's Messenger social updates within the "Full view" of Windows Live Messenger. Users can also post status updates and photos directly to the connected services within Windows Live Messenger. Additionally, Messenger also imports all contacts from the connected services and integrates with Facebook Chat (via the XMPP protocol) for instant messaging support with users on Facebook.
Offline messaging.
One can send messages to contacts who are offline; they will receive the messages once they come online. Additionally, a user can start conversations even when his or her status is set to "Appear Offline" in Windows Live Messenger 2009 or before.
Games and applications.
There are various games and applications available in Windows Live Messenger that can be accessed via the conversation window by clicking on the games icon, and challenging your friend or contact to a competition in a game, or inviting them to launch a shared external application.
Messenger Companion.
Windows Live Messenger Companion was an add-in for Windows Internet Explorer that detects when a user is on a website that one of their friends has shared content from and surfaces that update so that the user can instantly view what their friends have shared and leave a comment to the shared content on Windows Live. The service utilizes Windows Live ID and integrates tightly with Windows Live Messenger to obtain the user's contact list and their shared contents. The features of Windows Live Messenger Companion include:
Windows Live Messenger Companion was made available as part of Windows Live Essentials 2011. However, Microsoft discontinued Messenger Companion in its newer Windows Essentials 2012 suite.
Protocol.
Windows Live Messenger used the Microsoft Notification Protocol (MSNP) over TCP (and optionally over HTTP to deal with proxies) to connect to Microsoft Messenger service—a service offered on port 1863 of "messenger.hotmail.com."
The protocol is not completely secret; Microsoft disclosed version 2 (MSNP2) to developers in 1999 in an Internet Draft, but never released versions 8 or higher to the public. The Messenger service servers currently only accept protocol versions from 8 and higher, so the syntax of new commands sent from versions 8 and higher is only known by using packet sniffers like Wireshark. This has been an easy task because – in comparison to many other modern instant messaging protocols, such as XMPP – the Microsoft Notification Protocol does not provide any encryption and everything can be captured easily using packet sniffers. The lack of proper encryption also makes wiretapping friend lists and personal conversations a trivial task, especially in unencrypted public Wi-Fi networks.
Content filtering.
The content of users' messages is filtered on server side of the client. For example, the user can't send the links to The Pirate Bay's pages neither from the Windows Live Messenger, nor through other clients supporting the protocol. However, links to other P2P networks are allowed.
"i’m" initiative.
The i’m initiative was a program Microsoft launched in March 2007, that connects the user with ten organizations dedicated to social causes through Windows Live Messenger, only for conversations sent or received in the USA. Every time someone had a conversation using i’m, Microsoft Corp. shared a portion of the program's advertising revenue with the organization of the user's choice. There was no set cap on the amount donated to each organization. The more "i’m" conversations the user had, the more money went to one of the ten causes. Each participating organization was guaranteed a minimum donation of $100,000 during the first year of the program. The i’m initiative worked with version 8.1 and above.
On March 2010, the initiative concluded, having raised over 3 million dollars.
Compatibility.
Interoperability.
On October 13, 2005, Yahoo! and Microsoft announced plans to add interoperability between their messenger services. The announcement came after years of third-party interoperability success (most notably, PowWow by Tribal Voice, Trillian, Pidgin) and criticisms from Tribal Voice and iCast that the major real time communications services were locking their networks. Yahoo! and Windows Live Messenger became interoperable on July 12, 2006. For six years, Yahoo! Messenger and Windows Live Messenger users in possession of up-to-date software could communicate across the two networks. Instant messaging as well as transmission of emoticons, nudges, offline messages, presence information and personal status messages were supported. On December 14, 2012, the interoperability ended.
Interoperability with Facebook Chat was added on September 30, 2010 with the launch of Windows Live Messenger 2011.
Xbox integration.
Windows Live Messenger support was included in the Xbox 360 spring 2007 dashboard update released on May 9, 2007. It is known as Xbox Live Messenger and, less commonly, as Windows Live Messenger 360.
Those using Windows Live Messenger are able to see the Gamertags of friends logged into Xbox Live, including the games they are playing. Xbox 360 users can chat in-game (or while watching a movie). Although only text chat is supported, Microsoft has suggested that voice and video chatting may come in a future update. Support for child accounts was added in December 2007.
To coincide with the arrival of the integration of Windows Live Messenger with Xbox Live, Microsoft released a new Xbox 360 keyboard adapter called the Xbox 360 Messenger Kit for easier text input. The keyboard device attaches to the standard Xbox 360 controller through the headphone jack and features a QWERTY-style key layout with 47 backlit keys. However, any USB keyboard is also compatible with the Xbox 360.
Microsoft also announced on June 14, 2010 that users on Xbox LIVE with the controller-free Kinect will be able to have real-time video conversations with Windows Live Messenger contacts. This feature was enabled at launch.
Microsoft Messenger for Mac.
Microsoft Messenger for Mac (previously MSN Messenger for Mac) is the official Mac OS X instant messaging client for use with Microsoft Messenger service and is developed by the Macintosh Business Unit, a division of Microsoft. However, the feature list is limited in comparison to that of its counterpart Windows Live Messenger. The client is still maintained and updated but still lacks a number of features that its Windows counterpart contains. However, several third-party applications that have support for the Messenger service, such as Trillian (software), Adium and aMSN, incorporate some of the features missing from the official client.
The versions 3.x and later of Microsoft Messenger for Mac feature new Aqua graphics, whereas version 2.x and below have graphics similar to Windows Messenger 4.0. Versions 5.x use the brushed metal theme.
With the release of Microsoft Messenger for Mac 7.0, Microsoft has discontinued the client's support for older versions of their Corporate messaging systems (such as Live Communications Server 2005). The latest version to support these older systems is Version 6.0.3, which is still available for download on the Microsoft website.
Webcam and audio support was delayed due to Windows Live Messenger's webcam and audio engine being reworked, which meant that the Mac version had to wait until this was complete in order for both platform releases to function correctly.

</doc>
<doc id="19011093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011093" title="Alex Allan">
Alex Allan

Sir Alexander Claud Stuart Allan, KCB (born 9 February 1951) is a senior British civil servant who was, until 2011, the chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee and Head of Intelligence Assessment for Her Majesty's Government.
He is currently the Prime Minister's Independent advisor on ministerial standards.
He is the son of The Lord Allan of Kilmahew.
Early life.
Between 1964 and 1969 Allan was educated at Harrow School, followed by obtaining a BA (Hon) degree in Mathematics from Clare College, Cambridge in 1972. In 1973 he also received an MSc degree in Statistics from University College London.
Civil Service career.
Permanent Secretary of the Department for Constitutional Affairs.
Allan was the first Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Justice, having been the last Permanent Secretary of the Department for Constitutional Affairs from which it was created, together with the addition of HM Prison Service and the Office for Criminal Justice Reform, which were taken from the Home Office. Allan served in both of these roles from 1 August 2004 to 15 November 2007. An historical attribute of the role of Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Justice and its predecessor departments (which included the Lord Chancellor's Department) is that it carries with it the role of Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, an ancient Office, which entails responsibility for overseeing the creation of Letters Patent under the Great Seal, discharged by the Crown Office, itself based in the House of Lords. The Clerk of the Crown in Chancery also has various other responsibilities, including the State Opening of Parliament, and the Prorogation of Parliament. Until the role of the Lord Speaker was carved out of that of the Lord Chancellor, the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery occupied one of Parliament's most prestigious rooms, adjacent to those of the Lord Chancellor. Allan was the last Permanent Secretary and Clerk of the Crown in Chancery to enjoy this splendid room, which he agreed to surrender to the House Authorities so that they could provide suitable accommodation for the newly created Lord Speaker. The only alternative would have been for his political master, the Lord Chancellor, to have given up his room.
On 17 October 2006, Allan submitted oral evidence to the Constitutional Affairs Committee. He was questioned on the 're-organisation of the centre of the Department' (for constitutional affairs) which he stated in his annual report. Allan was asked what he thought were the key changes he had made to the department since his two years in the post. He stated that the key changes to the Department for Constitutional affairs were structural. Allan admitted the department faced big challenges and that there was a lot still to be done. Allan was also questioned over the 'chaos' of the Oracle system (a computer system used by the department).
On 6 February 2007 Allan attended a meeting with the management board for the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO). His duty was to brief the board about the Department for Constitutional Affairs' approach to information rights and the ICO itself. In this meeting Allan recognised inadequate pay as being a key issue in the ICO and across the Department for Constitutional Affairs.
On 4 July 2007, before the Constitutional Affairs Committee, Allan was asked whether he had written an article for MP Vera Baird in the Times. He denied the accusation.
Chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee (JIC).
On 15 November 2007 he was appointed Chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee and Head of Intelligence Assessment. Allan's role is to collect intelligence from the Security Service, MI5, the Secret Intelligence Service, MI6, GCHQ and other sources of intelligence, and present them to ministers as threats develop. He has access to the Prime Minister at all times and also top secret US and UK intelligence reports.
Allan was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the 2012 New Year Honours.
Personal life.
Allan married artist Katie Clemson in 1978. She died on 23 November 2007. Lyrics from the Grateful Dead (a band of whom he is a dedicated fan) song Box of Rain were quoted at the end of the service sheet of her funeral:
He is responsible for a Grateful Dead lyric and song finder website.
Allan windsurfed to work in a suit and bowler hat down the Thames during a train strike. He published his personal details on his own website, including his address, telephone number and details of family and friends, which was described by a security official as "a serious breach". Allan lists bridge and computers as his interests.
In May 2012, Allan married Sarah Stacey in Froyle, Hampshire.
Illness.
On 3 July 2008 it was reported that Allan was unconscious and seriously ill in hospital after he collapsed at his home earlier in the week. Government sources said that there was no sign of foul play. It has been suggested by the media that Allan was poisoned by one of several organisations, including Al Qaeda, or the Russia Government, but this was dismissed by New Scotland Yard. On 10 July 2008 a Cabinet Office spokesman said Allan had regained consciousness but for now will remain in hospital to regain his strength.
David Miliband MP briefly mentioned Alex Allan and his illness in Parliament (17 July 2008):
On October 13, 2008, he reportedly responded to an enquiry concerning a personal bookplate (designed by Anne Jope). The unusual bookplate depicts a skeletal figure operating a computer.
Nearly a year later (6 June 2009), Allan was seen in public. No explanation has been given of what happened to him.

</doc>
<doc id="19011098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011098" title="CINOA Prize">
CINOA Prize

The CINOA Prize is a prize awarded yearly to art historians by CINOA, the international confederation of art dealers, "in recognition of an academic publication or a remarkable contribution to furthering the cultural preservation through art works in a CINOA member country".

</doc>
<doc id="19011100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011100" title="Index of Dominican Republic-related articles">
Index of Dominican Republic-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the Dominican Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19011103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011103" title="Henderson's Boys">
Henderson's Boys

Henderson's Boys is a series of young adult spy novels written by English author Robert Muchamore. The series follows Charles Henderson, the creator of the fictitious CHERUB organisation. The novels are set in 1940, during World War II, during which time Henderson leads a series of war missions, aided by children.
Henderson's Boys is a spin-off of the popular CHERUB series, which centres around the same organisation in modern times. The series features its origins and revealed what CHERUB stands for and how the organisation's logo was designed.
Books.
The Escape.
In France, 1940, Hitler's Nazi armies are invading and forcing civilians to flee. Meanwhile, German agents are tracking two British children, Paul and Rosie Clarke. Charles Henderson, a British spy, finds himself trying to reach them before the Germans can. However, he finds himself enlisting the help of Marc Kilgour, a French orphan, in order to save the pair. He soon realises that children will be essential recruits if the British are to win the war. Meanwhile, Paul and Rosie find a six-year old called Hugo, who is later accidentally killed.
Eagle Day.
July 1940. The Battle of Britain is in full swing and Hitler is planning to cross the channel and invade Britain. It falls to Charles Henderson and four children (Rosie and Paul Clarke, Marc Kilgour and PT Bivott) to stop his plan and save the country from Nazi occupation.
Secret Army.
January/February 1941. British spy Charles Henderson has returned to Britain, having thwarted Nazi invasion plans, and wants to start an organisation training teenagers as secret agents. "Secret Army" concerns the training of the first group of agents of his new organisation (formally named "CHERUB" by the end of the book) - Paul and Rosie Clarke, Marc Kilgour, PT Bivott, Luc, and Joel, together with the recruitment of the first members of Group B. Their training takes place in a requisitioned village, with parachute training in Scotland, followed by an exercise where the CHERUB team, and groups of Polish, Norwegian, and French SOE agents, are parachuted over northern England and instructed to steal an anti-aircraft gun and deliver it to Kings Cross station in London within 48 hours - despite Air Vice Marshal Walker, the head of SOE, wanting the CHERUB agents to fail.
Grey Wolves.
A team of German submarines are destroying ships conveying food and supplies to Britain. It is up to Henderson and his team to sabotage the German submarines, or the people of Britain will starve. At the end of the book, one of the main characters will be in Nazi custody. It was later revealed that in the latest newsletter that the story was split into two books.
The Prisoner.
Marc Kilgour is imprisoned in a brutal German labour camp and living on starvation rations. Fearing that he'll be unable to survive the coming winter, he plots a daring escape with three bunkmates, but the plan goes horribly wrong.
One Shot Kill.
Mid-1943. In 'One Shot Kill', Hitler is developing a radical new weapon, which he claims could turn the war back in his favor. Henderson's Boys have to find the weapon and sabotage all efforts to produce it. A team is sent in to scout the area but something goes wrong. After many days in occupied France, a new target is located and they must hunt down the illusive war turning weapon 
Scorched Earth.
June, 1944. "Scorched Earth" is set during the final days of the Nazi occupation of France, in which large sections of the French population are in rebellion and the Nazis are at their most brutal. Henderson and his team embark on a mission to sabotage German supply lines but are soon redirected to stop the 108th Heavy Tank Battalion from reaching the D-Day landings. Their orders are to complete this task at any cost. Near the end of the book, Rosie Clarke is killed.
Main characters.
Listed are the major characters in the series. Ages are all as of June 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="19011110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011110" title="Maschinenbau-Gesellschaft Karlsruhe">
Maschinenbau-Gesellschaft Karlsruhe

The Maschinenbau-Gesellschaft Karlsruhe ('Karlsruhe Engineering Works') was a locomotive and railway wagon manufacturer in the early days of the German railways. It was based at Karlsruhe in what is now the state of Baden-Württemberg in southwestern Germany. 
The origins of the firm go back to an engineering works founded in Karlsruhe in 1837 by Emil Kessler and Theodor Martiensen. In 1842, the first steam locomotive, "Badenia", was delivered to the Baden state railways. After a financial crisis resulting from the collapse of the bank funding the company, Kessler's engineering works also got into economic difficulties. In 1852 the Maschinenbaugesellschaft Carlsruhe was founded, Emil Kessler left the company and the crisis was overcome. 
The Maschinenbaugesellschaft Karlsruhe always belonged to the ranks of those smaller steam locomotive manufacturers that mostly built locomotives under licence which had been designed by other firms. Their major customers were the Baden state railways and, initially, also the Bergisch-Märkische Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft, the Köln-Mindener Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft, the Rheinische Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft and the Royal Hanoverian State Railways.
After a period when the factory was working to full capacity during the course of the First World War, there followed a slump in sales in 1925, because the Deutsche Reichsbahn ordered virtually no more new steam locomotives for several years. Although they produced the first batch of seven DRG Class 86 standard steam locomotives ("Einheitsdampflokomotiven") for the Reichsbahn in 1928, that same year locomotive production at the Maschinenbau-Gesellschaft Karlsruhe had to be ceased. Attempts to save the firm by taking on the construction of diesel locomotives were unsuccessful and it went into bankruptcy in 1929. Between 1842 and 1928 a total of 2,370 locomotives had been built in Karlsruhe.
The factory for the engineering works was initially located south of Karlsruhe's city centre at Karlstor. In 1902 it was transferred to a new site at Karlsruhe's western station ("Westbahnhof") in Grünwinkel.
During the first 30 years of its existence, a number of notable engineers worked for the Karlsruhe locomotive builders, including Emil Kessler, Niklaus Riggenbach, Carl Benz, Gottlieb Daimler and Wilhelm Maybach.

</doc>
<doc id="19011116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011116" title="Yo soy Bea">
Yo soy Bea

Yo soy Bea is a Spanish television comedy-drama series which aired on Telecinco from 10 July 2006 to 16 August 2009.
The series is an adaptation of the popular Colombian telenovela "Yo soy Betty, la fea" (""I am Betty, the ugly""). Ruth Núñez played the title role of Beatriz "Bea" Pérez Pinzón and Alejandro Tous played Álvaro Aguilar, Bea's love interest. "Yo soy Bea" translates to "I am Bea"; it is a pun, with "Bea" sounding like bella, meaning pretty, and like fea, meaning ugly. 
The Spanish adaptation screened weekdays during the daytime and pulled in, on average, over four million viewers (over +35% share of the audience). The series' record is a 42,1% share. It was Spain's top rated daytime programme.
Plot.
Set in Madrid, the series tells the story of Beatriz "Bea" Pérez Pinzón (Ruth Núñez). She is a highly intelligent and well-educated young woman, but has trouble finding a job because of her unattractive appearance, which consists of over-sized glasses, braces, big eyebrows, and a lack of fashion sense. She manages to get a job as a secretary at the coveted fashion magazine, "Bulevar 21". She falls madly in love with her boss, Álvaro Aguilar (Alejandro Tous), the young, handsome newly appointed director of the magazine. Despite her mousy looks and social awkwardness, Bea earns the respect and friendship of many of her co-workers, including Álvaro, because of her hard work, dedication, and kindness. However, she still has to endure insulting comments from "the posh trio," made up of Cayetana de la Vega (Mónica Estarreado), Álvaro's fiancee, Richard de Castro (David Arnaiz), a photographer, and Barbara Ortiz (Norma Ruiz), Álvaro's other secretary. Bea documents her journey through love and work in an online blog entitled "Blog de una fea" ("Blog of an ugly girl"). 
Besides Bea's love for Álvaro, the main plot of the series is the power struggle between Álvaro and Diego de la Vega (Miguel Hermoso Arnao), Cayetana's evil brother. In order to keep Diego from taking the magazine's capital, Álvaro and his best friend and colleague, Gonzalo de Soto (José Manuel Seda), decide to set up a fake firm and move all of the capital into it. Álvaro convinces a reluctant Bea to head the firm by making her believe he is romantically interested in her. Bea believes she finally has the man of her dreams. During the course of their "relationship," Álvaro constantly mistreats Bea, cheats on her with Cayetana, and makes fun of her with Gonzalo. 
Eventually, Álvaro, to his own amazement, genuinely falls in love with Bea. However, Bea overhears a conversation between Álvaro and Gonzalo discussing the set-up and breaks up with Álvaro. After their break-up, Álvaro tries repeatedly to get Bea to believe that he truly loves her, but to no avail. 
Through the rest of the series, Álvaro and Bea endure many obstacles on their way back to each other: the firm being discovered and both Álvaro and Bea being arrested for embezzlement, Álvaro going to prison for a short time, various schemes and manipulations by Diego, other love interests, the death of Álvaro's father, and the revelation that Diego and Álvaro are half-brothers (Álvaro's father had an affair with Diego's mother). In the end, Bea becomes beautiful, Álvaro gets the magazine out of Diego's control, and Bea and Álvaro finally reunite and marry. Immediately after the ceremony, the two leave for Miami.
To replace Bea, a new protagonist, Beatriz "Be" Berlanga Echegaray (Patricia Montenero), is introduced. She wants to become a journalist and starts working at "Bulevar 21". The other new protagonist is Roberto Vazquez (Àlex Adrover), the editor, who is later replaced by Cesar Villa (Miguel de Miguel), an investigative journalist.
Background.
This is an adaptation of the original Colombian Fernando Gaitan, whose writing involved, among other authors, Covadonga Thick, Ariana Martin, Marta Azcona, Mercedes Rodrigo, Ignasi Garcia, Roberto Goñi, Juanma Ruiz Cordova, Beatriz G. Cruz, Veronica Viñé, Santi Diaz, Jordi Arencón, Daniel del Casar, Jessica Pires, Estefania Salyers, Deysi Porras, Benjamin Zafra, Sara Alquézar, Daniel Corpas, Beatriz Duque, Daniel Castro and Remedios Crespo.
Awards.
Won
TP de Oro
Nominations
TP de Oro

</doc>
<doc id="19011122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011122" title="International Journal of Baudrillard Studies">
International Journal of Baudrillard Studies

The International Journal of Baudrillard Studies (IJBS) is an international, peer-reviewed, open access, non-profit, transdisciplinary publication dedicated to engaging the thought and writing of Jean Baudrillard. The journal is edited by Gerry Coulter.
IJBS was born out of the need for a scholarly venture on Baudrillard that would "be not only the best thing on the web about Baudrillard, but (would) drive a wedge into the “pay-per use” journal industry (Ruiz:2005). The journal is part of a worldwide academic trend in the humanities and other disciplines to move away from traditional publishing, which restricts access to knowledge only amongst those who can afford to pay. The Open Humanities Press has called it a "crisis in scholarly publishing in the humanities".
Baudrillardean approach.
The journal takes a Baudrillardean approach by sacrificing system for strategy, and keeping theory as a challenge to the real to expose itself as illusion. Baudrillard's works are often misrepresented by a highly mass mediated and consumerist world, making them popular and fashionable, but not taken seriously. Thus, IJBS makes use of the system it attempts to challenge to proliferate. Borrowing from Rex Butler's view of the philosopher, IJBS does not fall into the trap of following a doctrine but make use of the internet to transform, translate, seduce, and double Baudrillard.
Impact.
The International Journal of Žižek Studies is inspired by IJBS.

</doc>
<doc id="19011150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011150" title="Detective Weekly">
Detective Weekly

Detective Weekly was a British story paper of the 1930s
Overview.
"Detective Weekly" was a continuation of the "Union Jack", the storypaper which had begun in 1894 and which had for most of its life been famous as "Sexton Blake's own paper". Issue 1 of "Detective Weekly" was released in 1933, a week after the last "Union Jack". It was a larger, tabloid-sized paper, and had less use of colour on the cover than its predecessor.
The first series of stories concentrated on Sexton Blake, and his family history, with a wayward brother turning up. However in later issues the character could be dropped entirely. He returned to the paper in the late 1930s, but most of the stories were reprints of earlier "Union Jack" stories from the 1920s.
The paper was discontinued in 1940, following the introduction of paper rationing in the World War II. This left "The Sexton Blake Library" as the only publication containing stories of the detective, aside from the comic strips in "Knockout".

</doc>
<doc id="19011151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011151" title="BlackWatch Polo Team">
BlackWatch Polo Team

The Black Watch Polo team has won numerous tournaments throughout the US. Entering competition at the high goal 26 level in 2004, Black Watch has enjoyed success by reaching the finals of the 2004 US Gold Cup, and the 2005 CV Whitney Cup. They were also successful in winning the 2007 Hall of Fame Cup.
Neil Hirsch, the team owner, is an American businessman and resides in Wellington, Florida. The team is currently sponsored by Ralph Lauren.
History.
The team is named after the Scottish Black Watch regiment that served the British Crown for 266 years.
The Black Watch Polo team will be playing this year in the Argentina Triple Crown, Tortugas, Hurlingham and Palermo Open.
Team will be formed by:

</doc>
<doc id="19011154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011154" title="Nebo – eto ya">
Nebo – eto ya

Nebo – eto ya ( ; literally: Heaven - It's Me) - is a 2004 studio album of Sofia Rotaru, recorded at Artur-Music in Ukraine. The album was released in the autumn of 2004 in Russia and Ukraine as well as worldwide simultaneously. The album includes earlier unreleased singles and two remixes of the song White Dance (. Besides the original playing time of 47:54, the album includes a bonus and a music video for White Dance by Oleg Gusev, filmed at Lenfilm. The original discs sold with 1.700.000 copies.
Languages of performance.
Songs are performed in Russian language.

</doc>
<doc id="19011160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011160" title="1979 Prime Minister's Resignation Honours">
1979 Prime Minister's Resignation Honours

The 1979 Prime Minister's Resignation Honours were officially announced in the "London Gazette" of 14 June 1979 and marked the May 1979 resignation of Prime Minister James Callaghan.

</doc>
<doc id="19011164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011164" title="SNCF Class Z 5300">
SNCF Class Z 5300

SNCF Class Z 5300 is an ageing class 3 and 4 car Electric Multiple Unit, for Paris Regional services. They were built by Carel & Fouche between 1965-1968 and 1972-1975. Many of these have been withdrawn now. Some operate the Tours - Saint Pierre des Corps shuttle service for connecting TGV Passengers with Tours.
References.
1. Haydock, David; Fox, Peter . European Handbook No. 4 French Railways Locomotives & Multiple Units, Third Edition, Sheffield, UK: Platform 5 Publishing Ltd.. ISBN 1-872524-87-7. 

</doc>
<doc id="19011172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011172" title="Gabriel Schillinger">
Gabriel Schillinger

Gabriel Schillinger (born July 21, 1989) is a humanitarian activist and entrepreneur from Delray Beach, Florida. He is the co-founder and executive director of For Darfur. In 2009 Schillinger founded Decade Worldwide and BIM Networks.
Kanye West concert for Darfur.
On May 6, 2008 Schillinger was the youngest promoter ever for a Kanye West concert. Along with For Darfur, Schillinger was able to produce and promote Kanye West's Glow in The Dark Tour at the AmericanAirlines Arena in Miami, Florida. The concert was an awareness and fund raising show. The concert was a success with a sellout crowd of 12,000 people and raised over $1,000,000 that went directly to Doctors Without Borders efforts in Darfur.
Decade Worldwide.
Schillinger is the co-founder of Decade Worldwide. Decade is the world's first multi-dimensional entertainment management company to provide global online and mobile solutions to the entertainment industry. Schillinger was instrumental in pioneering the concept of a mixtape portal, allowing artists to release their mixtapes through a central branded website. Past releases for Decade, under Schillinger's leadership, include Wale "More About Nothing" mixtape that had over 300,000 downloads in the first 24 hours and Diggy Simmons sophomore mixtape release "Airborne". Decade released Fan Analytics in August 2011.
BIM Networks.
Schillinger co-founded Buy It Mobility Networks, Inc in 2009, with Benjamin Bronfman. The company is currently in stealth mode.

</doc>
<doc id="19011177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011177" title="The Real Housewives of Atlanta">
The Real Housewives of Atlanta

The Real Housewives of Atlanta is an American reality television series premiered on October 7, 2008 on Bravo. Developed as the third installment of "The Real Housewives" franchise, following "The Real Housewives of Orange County" and "The Real Housewives of New York City", it has aired six seasons and focuses on the personal and professional lives of several women residing in Atlanta, Georgia.
The series originally focused on Lisa Wu-Hartwell, DeShawn Snow, NeNe Leakes, Kim Zolciak, and Shereè Whitfield. Snow left the program after the first season, and was replaced by Kandi Burruss beginning in the second season. Hartwell departed the series at the conclusion of the second season, and was replaced by Cynthia Bailey and Phaedra Parks beginning with the third season. Whitfield exited the series after the fourth season, while Zolciak left in the middle of the fifth season; Porsha Williams and Kenya Moore joined the series in their absences during the fifth season.
"The Real Housewives of Atlanta" has received moderately favorable reviews from critics, and has been recognized as a "guilty pleasure" by several media outlets. However, the series has been criticized for appearing to fabricate portions of its storyline. As of February 2014, it is the highest-rated installment of "The Real Housewives" franchise, and is additionally the most-watched series airing on Bravo. Its success has resulted in the conceptions of the spin-offs "The Kandi Factory", "Don't Be Tardy...", and "".
Series synopsis.
Overview and casting.
"The Real Housewives of Atlanta" was announced as the third installment in "The Real Housewives" franchise, intending to capitalize on the successes of its predecessors "The Real Housewives of Orange County" and "The Real Housewives of New York City". Its television network Bravo stated that the series' planned storyline focused on " motherhood, demanding careers and a fast-paced social calendar".
Throughout its run, "The Real Housewives of Atlanta" has been led by five (seasons 1–2), six (seasons 3–4, 6), and seven (season 5) housewives, who are credited by their first names, and is distinguished within "The Real Housewives" franchise in that it is the only installment with a predominantly black cast. Its original main housewives were Lisa Wu-Hartwell, DeShawn Snow, NeNe Leakes, Kim Zolciak, and Shereè Whitfield. Snow departed from the program after the first season, and alleged that producers considered her to be "too human for a circus show". In her absence, Kandi Burruss joined the series during the second season.
The third season saw the departure of Hartwell and the addition of Cynthia Bailey and Phaedra Parks. Marlo Hampton was originally planned to join the series during the fourth season, although such plans never came to fruition after several aspects of her undisclosed criminal record came to the attention of Bravo; consequently, the lineup remained unchanged during the fourth season. Whitfield exited the series upon the conclusion of the fourth season, and was replaced by Porsha Williams and Kenya Moore in the fifth season. Zolciak departed from the program by the sixth season, during which no additional housewives were introduced; however, Zolciak commented that she is interested in returning to the series.
Storylines.
In its series premiere, "The Real Housewives of Atlanta" introduced Wu-Hartwell, Snow, Leakes, Zolciak, and Whitfield. Leakes and Whitfield were in the midst of a personal conflict, which is escalated after Leakes was excluded from Whitfield's divorce party. Meanwhile, Zolciak was revealed to be dating a publicly unknown boyfriend nicknamed "Big Papa", and later decided to pursue her aspirations of becoming a country music singer. Her friendship with Leakes deteriorated after she established a companionship with Whitfield, and is ended after Leakes made sarcastic remarks about Zolciak's music career. Snow and Wu-Hartwell additionally looked to establish prominence as a socialite and a jewelry designer, respectively. Whitfield attempted to launch her own fashion line and organize a lunch for the women to reconcile, although both ventures proved unsuccessful in the finale of the first season.
The second season sees the introduction of Burruss, who had recently become engaged to her boyfriend AJ and expressed interest in reviving her music career. An attempted reconciliation between Leakes, Whitfield, and Zolciak fails to come to fruition, while a feud developed between Leakes and Burruss after the latter became friends with Zolciak and helped her record her single "Tardy for the Party". Meanwhile, Zolciak attempted to launch her own wig line and became engaged to Big Papa, while Wu-Hartwell and Whitfield successfully launched their own clothing collections.
The third season sees the introduction of Bailey and Parks, while Leakes and Zolciak reconcile as the former contemplates divorcing her husband Gregg and the latter begins a lesbian relationship. Parks, who was in the middle of her pregnancy, clashes with her husband Apollo over their differing opinions on parenting; she gave birth later in the season. Meanwhile, Zolciak and Burruss continue recording music together, although they clash over their creative differences. Bailey later becomes engaged to her boyfriend Peter, while Zolciak sets her affections on football player Kroy Biermann; a conflict between Burruss, Leakes, and Zolciak later ensues while the latter two women embark on a promotional concert tour. Against the advice of her mother and sister, Bailey marries Peter in the third season finale.
The fourth season begins as Zolciak is in the middle of her first pregnancy by her boyfriend Biermann; she later gives birth to their son. Leakes continues divorce proceedings with Gregg, while Whitfield finds herself in financial difficulties after her ex-husband fails to pay child support. Meanwhile, Bailey opens her own modeling agency, while Parks looks to launch a family-operated funeral home. Leakes' new friendship with Hampton causes tension between all of the women, which escalates during a group vacation in Africa; while Zolciak, who had remained home with her children, becomes upset by negative comments Burruss made about her during the group vacation. As the season closes, Leakes begins to reconsider her divorce from Gregg.
As the fifth season introduces former Miss USA Moore and football player Kordell Stewart's wife Williams, Leakes reconciles with Gregg and ponders the possibility of remarrying him. Zolciak is forced to move out of her mansion, which she and Biermann had purchased less than a year earlier, Leakes begins to question Moore's seemingly unfaithful behavior towards her boyfriend Walter during a group trip to Anguilla, which begins a feud between Leakes and Williams against Moore. Moore wished to marry Walter although their relationship had begun to deteriorate, while Parks and Moore create competing workout DVDs after plans to make the project a joint venture proved unsuccessful. Towards the end of the season, Williams attempts to revive her failing marriage to Stewart with therapist meetings.
Williams comes to the realization that her marriage is not salvageable as the sixth season commences, while Leakes becomes upset with Moore after the later went against "girl code" by inappropriately communicating with Parks' husband Apollo. Moore moves out of her rental property after being evicted, while Leakes returns to Atlanta full-time after her television series "The New Normal" was cancelled. Burruss struggles to manage the conflict between her estranged mother Joyce and her longtime boyfriend Todd, although they attempt to reconcile as the couple becomes engaged and begins planning their nuptials. In a later attempt to salvage the relationships between the women, Leakes hosts a couples' pajama party for their group, although the women continue to clash with one another; a later spa gathering failed to resolve residual tension between Leakes and Moore. Meanwhile, Williams attempts to launch her career as an actress after being cast in Burruss' musical.
Critical reception.
"The Real Housewives of Atlanta" has been moderately well received among critics. Writing for Common Sense Media, Melissa Camacho spoke favorably of the series' emphasis on "a successful and powerful segment of the African-American community" that appears to be frequently neglected by the popular television. Tim Hall from the "Seattle Post-Intelligencer" commented of his general distaste for reality television, particularly describing "The Real Housewives of Orange County" as "utterly ridiculous". However, he admitted that the dynamic and conflict between the women, in addition to the wealthy lifestyles they led, to be "somewhat entertaining". In a more mixed review, Alessandra Stanley from "The New York Times" joked that its portrayal of wealth served as "the best choice for a time capsule of the Bling Decade" when noting the economic downturn the United States experienced around the time that the series premiered, although more seriously stated that the housewives' luxuries "was never all that enviable, and now it looks as if it might not be viable." Hanh Nguyen from Zap2It shared a similar sentiment, criticizing that the "showy elite and rampant consumerism" that the women regularly display "seems rather out of touch" given the United States' economic hardship, although she elaborated that the program " not by any means boring, but you do have to be in the mood to watch."
"The Real Housewives of Atlanta" has been recognized as a "guilty pleasure" by several media outlets. Writing for About.com, Latoya West commented that the "self-absorbed" nature of the housewives may become irritating to viewers, but noted that the series' "divalicious drama might be addictive." The staff from "Entertainment Weekly" joked that they "are never tardy for this party"; they felt that "alone could keep ["The Real Housewives of Atlanta" on the map", and additionally credited Zolciak's "slow train to cuckootown, making all local stops" for helping to establish "the franchise for the ages." In 2009, a writer from "Essence" mentioned that they "couldn't get enough of the ladies" from the program, and recognized it as the best reality show of the year. Writing for "Today", Leslie Bruce commented that "The Real Housewives" franchise in general rose to prominence for its depiction of "foul-mouthed, often catfighting and always self-promoting" women, and stated that they "dominate water-cooler discussions [...] by showcasing at times the worst of female behavior."
"The Real Housewives of Atlanta" has been criticized for appearing to fabricate portions of its storyline. One source of speculation arose during the fifth season, when Moore allegedly requested that Walter Jackson pretend to be her boyfriend; series producers were reportedly unaware of said arrangement. Moore commented that such claims were "completely false", and further " viewers to stay tuned because the truth will come to light." Moore was also criticized for alleging that she was financially stable, although she reportedly joined the series as a source of income to offset the difficulties with her lawsuits from several creditors. In May 2013, Williams allegedly staged her divorce from Kordell Stewart to secure her position on the series, which she reportedly feared was in jeopardy. In December 2013, Williams received additional criticism for comments made in an episode aired during the sixth season, where she indicated that she believed the Underground Railroad was an actual railroad line.
U.S. television ratings.
The first season of "The Real Housewives of Atlanta" maintained an average of 1.495 million weekly viewers; Bravo announced that the series had become the first program from the network to "crack the two million viewer mark among adults 18-49." The premiere episode of the second season was watched by 2.66 million people, setting the record for the highest-rated "The Real Housewives" premiere episode in the franchise's history at the time. The third season averaged a weekly viewership of 3.6 million people, while the fourth and fifth seasons premiered with 2.8 million and 3.2 million viewers, respectively. The sixth season premiere was watched by 3.1 million people; with 1.9 million viewers being classified in the adults 25-54 demographic, it became the highest-rated episode in this target demographic. As of February 2014, "The Real Housewives of Atlanta" is the highest-rated installment of "The Real Housewives" franchise, and is additionally the most-watched series airing on Bravo.
Broadcast history.
"The Real Housewives of Atlanta" airs regularly on Bravo in the United States; most episodes are approximately one hour in length, and are broadcast in standard definition and high definition. Since its premiere, the series has alternated airing on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Sunday evenings and has been frequently shifted between the 8:00, 9:00, and 10:00 PM timeslots. The first season of "The Real Housewives of Atlanta" included seven episodes and one reunion special, and aired from October 7, 2008 until November 25, 2008. The second season consisted of fourteen episodes, a two-part reunion special, and a deleted scenes special; it premiered on July 30, 2009, and concluded on November 5, 2009. The third season commenced airing on October 4, 2010, after airing sixteen episodes and a two-part reunion special, it ended on January 30, 2011. The fourth season aired from November 6, 2011 until April 22, 2012; it included twenty episodes and a three-part reunion special. The fifth season premiered on November 4, 2012, and concluded on April 21, 2013 after broadcasting twenty episodes and a three-part reunion special. The sixth season commenced airing on November 3, 2013.
Spin-offs.
Zolciak received the first spin-off from "The Real Housewives of Atlanta", titled "Don't Be Tardy for the Wedding", which documented the preparations for her nuptials to Kroy Biermann. It premiered on April 9, 2012, It returned for a second season on April 16, 2013, at which time its title was shortened to "Don't Be Tardy...". Originally planned as a one-time television special, "The Kandi Factory" was launched as the second spin-off from "The Real Housewives of Atlanta" in 2012. It followed Burruss and her record producers as they attempted to launch the music careers of undiscovered artists, although it was confirmed in 2013 that the series was canceled after airing one season. After reconciling with her ex-husband Gregg, Leakes received the own spin-off series "", which documented the preparations for their second wedding; it premiered on September 17, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19011194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011194" title="Gare de Colmar">
Gare de Colmar

Gare de Colmar is a railway station located in Colmar, in the Haut-Rhin département of Alsace, France. The same design was used in the construction of Gdansk's principal railway station in Poland. Thus the buildings are 'twins' of one another.
Traffic.
More than 3 million passengers pass through the gare de Colmar per year.

</doc>
<doc id="19011195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011195" title="Emerald Academy">
Emerald Academy

Emerald Academy, situated in Sagarmatha Chowk, Bhadrapur, Jhapa, Nepal is one of the leading higher secondary schools in the Jhapa district. The school is known for its academic excellence among schools in the Jhapa district. Emerald Academy was originally established as a secondary school
The main building was used for kindergarten, junior education, and various activities such as music, sports, and assemblies. Emerald Academy also opened a branch in Ekantakuna Lalitpur. This branch included only one building until 2003, when Emerald Academy purchased another building across the road. This second branch was used for secondary education.
At one point in its history, Emerald Academy collapsed due to financial issues. However, the institution recently opened a new branch of Montessori Kindergarten in New Baneshor, Kathmandu. Bhadrapur's Emerald Academy is currently undergoing expansion. The school has completed construction, but needs additional extracurricular development.

</doc>
<doc id="19011196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011196" title="Joslin Dry Goods Company Building">
Joslin Dry Goods Company Building

The Joslin Dry Goods Company Building (also known as the Tritch Building or the Joslin Building) is a historic building in downtown Denver, Colorado. The Joslins Building is a landmark and is currently a Courtyard by Marriott property.
Joslins Department Store began as J. Joslins Dry Goods Store founded by John Jay Joslin in 1873; It was a direct competitor to The Denver Dry Goods Company which commenced operations in 1888. 
J. Joslins Dry Goods later converted to a department store in the 1930s and was purchased by Mercantile Stores a Fairfield, Ohio based department store conglomerate. Mercantile Stores retained the Joslin's name and operating until 1998 when the purchase of Mercantile Stores and conversion to the Dillard's store brand was completed.
The building was designed by Denver architect Frank E. Edbrooke. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19011198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011198" title="Henry O'Neill (disambiguation)">
Henry O'Neill (disambiguation)

Henry O'Neill is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19011204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011204" title="Convention of London (1840)">
Convention of London (1840)

The Convention of London of 1840 was a treaty with the formal title of "Convention for the Pacification of the Levant", signed on 15 July 1840 between the European Great Powers of United Kingdom, Austria, Prussia, Russia on the one hand, and the Ottoman Empire on the other.
The treaty summarized recent agreements concerning the Ottoman Empire and its second war with Muhammad Ali's Egypt. It was brought about by the Great Powers' fear of the destabilizing effect an Ottoman collapse would have on Europe. The signatories offered to Muhammad Ali and his heirs permanent control over Egypt and the Eyalet of Acre, provided that these territories would remain part of the Ottoman Empire. If he did not accept withdrawal of his forces within ten days he should lose the offer in southern Syrian; if he delayed acceptance more than 20 days, he should forfeit everything offered. He also had to returned to Sultan Abdülmecid I the Ottoman fleet which had defected to Alexandria. Muhammad Ali was also to immediately withdraw its forces from Arabia, the Holy Cities, Crete, the district of Adana, all within the Ottoman Empire.
The European powers agreed to use all possible means of persuasion to effect this agreement, but Muhammad Ali, backed by France, refused to accept its terms in the time given. This led to the Oriental Crisis of 1840 during which British and Austrian forces attacked Acre, defeating his troops late in 1840. Muhammad Ali's forces faced increasing military pressure from Europe and the Ottoman Empire, fought a losing battle against insurgents in its captured territories, and saw the general deterioration of its military from the strain of the recent wars.
Muhammad Ali finally accepted the terms of the Convention and the "firmans" subsequently issued by the sultan, confirming his rule over Egypt and the Sudan. He withdrew from Syria and Crete and sent back the Ottoman fleet. The London Convention and the "firmans" were the legal basis for Egypt's status as a privileged Ottoman province. Later Egyptian nationalists cited them to discredit claims for the British occupation.

</doc>
<doc id="19011207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011207" title="Index of Estonia-related articles">
Index of Estonia-related articles

This page list topics related to Estonia.
__NOTOC__
See also.
Lists.
List of Estonians

</doc>
<doc id="19011214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011214" title="Emil Caswell">
Emil Caswell

The Very Reverend Emil George Henry Caswell was the Dean of St George's Cathedral, Georgetown, Guyana, from 1894 until 1910.
Born in 1854, he was educated at Magdalen College, Oxford, and began his career with curacies at St Mary, West Rainton, and St Andrew’s, Auckland, before incumbencies at Hunwick and Bishopwearmouth. After his spell overseas he returned to the North East as Vicar of St John’s, Darlington.

</doc>
<doc id="19011233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011233" title="Hugo MacNeill">
Hugo MacNeill

Hugo MacNeill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19011235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011235" title="5 Steps to Danger">
5 Steps to Danger

5 Steps to Danger is a 1957 American Cold War spy film. It was directed by Henry S. Kesler, and starred Ruth Roman and Sterling Hayden, with a cast that also included Werner Klemperer, Richard Gaines, Charles Davis, and Jeanne Cooper. It was based on the novel "The Steel Mirror" by Donald Hamilton.
Plot.
John Emmett, an American everyman, is on a fishing and hunting trip when his car breaks down. He is offered a ride by a stranger, Ann Nicholson, who is driving to Santa Fe and asks him to take turns behind the wheel.
During a stopover a woman identifying herself as a nurse takes John aside in a diner and says she has been following them because Ann is an escaped mental patient of a Dr. Frederick Simmons. And although he isn't sure what to believe, John begins to doubt Ann when two policemen attempt to arrest them, claiming to be investigating a murder in Los Angeles.
John and Ann manage to slip away. He demands the truth, whereupon Ann says she is an ex-German citizen who stumbled upon a government plot and is in possession of valuable scientific transcripts embedded on a small cosmetic mirror. In order to prevent Simmons from having Ann committed to a mental institution against her will, John asks Ann to marry him, while also declaring his love for her. They wed in a small town and then continue their journey to find the scientist who wrote the transcripts. The chase ends in a confrontation between Simmons, who is actually a Soviet spy, and his accomplices versus FBI and CIA agents, who verify Ann's story. Ann and John enjoy their honeymoon on the fishing trip John had originally planned.

</doc>
<doc id="19011250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011250" title="Life Somewhere Else">
Life Somewhere Else

Life Somewhere Else () is a 1995 short documentary film directed by Walter Salles. It tells the story of Socorro Nobre, a Brazilian woman who, while serving a 20-year prison sentence, becomes inspired by the story of Polish artist Frans Krajcberg, and becomes pen pals with him.
Krajcberg himself co-wrote the film with director Walter Salles.

</doc>
<doc id="19011257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011257" title="Olga Sukharnova">
Olga Sukharnova

Olga Leonidovna Sukharnova (; born February 14, 1955 in Perekhodinskoye, Krasnodar Kray) is a retired female basketball player, who twice won the gold medal with the Soviet national team at the Summer Olympics; 1976 and 1980.
After her career in the USSR, she joined the championship in France, obtaining 5 consecutive titles, first with Mirande then Challes-les-Eaux.
she played for
Made the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame in 2000

</doc>
<doc id="19011263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011263" title="Boy's Friend">
Boy's Friend

"The Boy's Friend" was a British story paper of the early 20th century.
Overview.
"The Boy's Friend" was a large, tabloid-sized storypaper priced one penny (later 2d). It was produced by Amalgamated Press, and was part of Alfred Harmsworth's campaign to put the Penny Dreadfuls out of business.
The paper generally contained 4-5 serial story installments, printed in very small text (the paper was 16 pages long). A 10,000 word complete story was also presented in each issue. The order of stories would be rotated so that each serial had an instalment on the cover (with accompanying large title and illustration). At other times the complete story would feature on the cover.
The stories where typical of the "Boys Own" fare of the era, with adventure, detective and western stories predominating. Several Amalgamated Press characters such as Sexton Blake, Nelson Lee, Jack, Sam & Pete and Buffalo Bill appeared, in either serials or complete stories. Later issues featured stories of Jimmy Silver of Rookwood School, written by Charles Hamilton, creator of Billy Bunter.
The paper would also run an editorial page, mostly given over to the editor answering questions from readers, other short articles appeared in the paper, primarily concentrating on tips and facts revolving around sport, particularly football and cricket. Other articles on emigration to parts of the British Empire, and about life at sea, appeared frequently
The Boy's Friend was the companion to The Boys' Herald and The Boy's Realm. It was printed on paper with a slight green tint, and was therefore referred to by collectors as "The green 'un".

</doc>
<doc id="19011264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011264" title="Shooting at the Moon (book)">
Shooting at the Moon (book)

"Shooting at the Moon: The Story of America's Clandestine War in Laos" was written by Southeast Asian war historian, Roger Warner. It is about the Central Intelligence Agency's and US military's involvement in Laos from in the early 1961 through 1973, and this war's influence on the later Vietnam War (1960–1975).
Published by Steerforth Press in 1996, it is a winner of the Cornelius Ryan Award for 1995's Best Book on Foreign Affairs by the Overseas Press Club. It was published earlier in a slightly different version by Simon & Schuster under the title "Backfire: The CIA's Secret War in Laos and Its Link to the War in Vietnam. ""Shooting at the Moon" explores how this "perfect" covert war ballooned into a sorrowful and disturbing ending. (The book's title refers to the Laotian practice of firing weapons during a lunar eclipse in order to scare off the giant frog in the heavens, which, in Laotian mythology, is swallowing the moon.) It was also reviewed in the Los Angeles Times, which said that "it can only add to our understanding how strong men and their convictions and their daring so often lead to calamity, especially for those who believe and follow them" 

</doc>
<doc id="19011267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011267" title="Jorge Mester">
Jorge Mester

Jorge Mester (born April 10, 1935, Mexico City) is a Mexican conductor of Hungarian ancestry.
Biography.
He studied conducting with Jean Morel at the Juilliard School in New York, and worked with Leonard Bernstein at the Berkshire Music Center and with Albert Wolff. In 1955 he made his debut with the National Symphony Orchestra of Mexico and in 1960 made his opera debut with "Salome" at the Spoleto Festival in Italy. 
Mester became music director of the Louisville Orchestra in 1967 and served in the post until 1979. In this time he gave over 200 world premieres of works commissioned by the orchestra.
From 1970 to 1990, he was music director of the Aspen Music Festival, and there founded the Aspen Chamber Symphony. He became music director of the Pasadena Symphony Orchestra in 1984. His most recent contract extension had been through 2012, but in May 2010, the orchestra announced the conclusion of Mester's tenure as music director with immediate effect. 
In 1998, he became music director of the Mexico City Philharmonic Orchestra. Since 2004, Mester is the music director of the Naples Philharmonic Orchestra in Naples, Florida. Mester returned to Louisville in 2006 for his second tenure as music director of the Louisville Orchestra, on an "open-ended" contract of unfixed duration, until the orchestra secures a new music director, with Mester as a member of the search committee.
Mester has served as director of Juilliard's conducting department and conducted concerts and operas in the Thornton School of Music. In 1987, Mester participated in the documentary "", directed by Christina Olofson, where he comments on the conservative attitudes towards women in the world of classical music. 
Mester has a long-standing affiliation with Peter Schickele and the P.D.Q. Bach concerts, dating back to 1965, when he conducted the first public P.D.Q. Bach concert.
Personal.
Mester has been married twice. His first marriage ended in divorce. His second marriage, in 1985, was to the American mezzo-soprano Kimball Wheeler. He resides in Southern California and has a daughter named Amanda Mester.

</doc>
<doc id="19011288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011288" title="Daniel Sjölin">
Daniel Sjölin

Daniel Sjölin born 1977 in Bålsta, Stockholm, is a Swedish novelist and television presenter.

</doc>
<doc id="19011296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011296" title="William Patten (historian)">
William Patten (historian)

William Patten (c. 1510 - after 1598) was an author, scholar and government official during the reigns of King Edward VI and Queen Elizabeth I.
Early career.
William Patten (b. circa 1510 - d. in or after 1598) was born in London, the son of Richard Patten (d. 1536), clothworker, and Grace, the daughter of John Baskerville. His grandfather, Richard Patten of Boslow, Derbyshire, was a brother of William Waynflete (alias Patten), Bishop of Winchester. William Patten's mother, Grace, is said to have predeceased her husband. His sister, 
Alice (d.1557/8), was the wife of Armagil Waad, whom Patten referred to as a 'friend' in his "Expedition into Scotland" (see below). Patten is said to have attended Gonville Hall, Cambridge, and from 1528 was a minor chaplain and from 1533 a parish clerk of St Mary-at-Hill, Billingsgate, London.
In 1544 Patten was in France in service as a secretary of the Earl of Arundel. In 1547 he accompanied Somerset's army to Scotland in the capacity of a Judge of the Marshalcy by the appointment of the Earl of Warwick:
pleased my very good Lord, the Earl of Warwick, Lieutenant of the Host (who thereby had power to make Officers), to make me one of the Judges of the Marshalsy [i.e., in connection with the High Marshal of the Army, Lord Grey, as Master William Cecil now Master of the Requests afterwards Lord Burghley was the other. Whereby, we both (not being bound so straightly, in days of travel, to the order of march; nor otherwhile, but when we sat in Court, to any great affairs) had liberty to ride to see the things that were done, and leisure to note occurrences that came. The which thing, as it chanced, we both did: but so far from appointment between us, as neither was witing of the other’s doing till somewhat before our departure homeward. Marry, since my coming home, indeed, his gentleness being such as to communicate his notes to me, I have, I confess, been thereby, both much a certained in many things I doubted, and somewhat remembered [put in mind of that which else I might hap to have forgotten.
Patten published his account 'Out of the Parsonage of Saint Mary’s Hill, in London, this 28 January 1548' under the title "The expedicion into Scotlade of the most woorthely fortunate prince Edward, duke of Soomerset". Patten's narrative of the expedition was largely quoted by Holinshed and was followed by Sir John Hayward in "The Life and Raigne of King Edward VI" (1630).
In July 1548 Patten was appointed Collector of Customs in London, and in the following year Thomas Penny, prebendary of St. Paul’s Cathedral, granted Patten a lease of the manor of Stoke Newington. On 16 April 1565 the lease was renewed for 99 years, to commence from Michaelmas 1576. In 1563 Patten repaired the manor house as well as the Church of St Mary, Stoke Newington, adding a vestry, aisle, private chapel and schoolhouse. Patten was a Justice of the Peace for Middlesex, and in 1558 was appointed Receiver-General of revenues in Yorkshire.
Financial downfall.
On 23 June 1562 Patten was appointed for life as a teller of the Exchequer. In Michaelmas term 1567/8, however, his fortunes received a devastating setback. The Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer discovered that £7928 was missing from Patten's account. Patten was suspended from his office on 13 January 1568. The Barons of the Exchequer later declared his position forfeit, and he was replaced on 13 July. Over the next few years Patten lost all his other public offices, as well as the lease of Stoke Newington, which he assigned to John Dudley in 1571. On 16 November 1572 Patten presented his ‘Supplicatio Patteni' to the Queen, declaring in it that he had had to sell all his lands and belongings to the value of £500 per annum. Patten blamed one of his servants for the sums missing from the Exchequer, and requested an investigation. However there is no evidence that an investigation was ever carried out.
Literary and scholarly pursuits.
Deprived of his income and offices, Patten turned to scholarship. In April 1570 he produced a vocabulary and alphabet to accompany an Armenian psalter owned by Archbishop Matthew Parker, the first work in that language in England. His next publication was along similar lines, "The calendar of scripture. Whearin the Hebru, Challdian, Arabian, Phenician, Syrian, Persian, Greek and Latin names … in the holly Byble … ar set, and turned into oour English toong" (1575). In 1583 Patten produced a metrical translation of Psalm 72, "Deus Judicium", and in 1598 a similar translation of Psalm 21, "Domine in Virtute". Both were printed as broadsides. Patten also eulogized two former patrons, Henry, Earl of Arundel, whom he had served in France, in a broadside entitled "A Moorning Diti" (1580), and Sir William Winter, in "In mortem W. Wynter" (1589). In another eulogy, "Luctus consolatorius: super morte nuper D. Cancellarij Angliae" (1591), he described himself as a client of Sir Christopher Hatton. Authorship of the Langham Letter, a lively description of the Earl of Leicester's entertainment of Queen Elizabeth at Kenilworth Castle in July 1575, has also been attributed to Patten. It is known that Patten contributed verses to the Kenilworth entertainment.
Patten was an early member of the Society of Antiquaries, for which he wrote "Of sterling money". John Stow described him as ‘a learned Gentleman and grave cittizen’, and records that Patten ‘exhibited a Booke to the Mayor and communalitie’ of London protesting against the increase of purprestures (illegal enclosures of land). The translator Thomas Newton praised Patten in verse as a celebrated historian.
Patten's date of death is unknown. The herald and antiquary Francis Thynne mentioned that Patten was ‘now living’ in 1587. His last known work was published in 1598. An engraving of Patten by J. Mills is found in Robinson’s "Stoke Newington".
Patten's "The Expedition into Scotland" is reprinted in Dalyell's "Fragments of Scottish History" and in Arber’s "An English Garner".
Marriages and issue.
Patten's first wife, whose identity is unknown, died at Billingsgate in 1549. He subsequently married Anne, the daughter of an heiress of Richard Johnson of Boston, Lincolnshire. In "The Calendar of Scripture", he describes himself as ‘unfortunate Patten … the sorrowing father of seven children’. All Patten's children were by his second marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="19011297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011297" title="Ephedra nevadensis">
Ephedra nevadensis

Ephedra nevadensis (Nevada ephedra) is a species of "Ephedra" native to dry areas of western North America.
Its range extends west to California and Oregon, east to Texas, and south to Mexico, including areas of the Great Basin, Colorado plateau and desert Southwest. It is found in rocky and sandy soils, generally in areas without trees.
More than other North American "Ephedra" species, it is a significant forage plant. It is grazed upon by mule deer ("Ococolius hemionus"), pronghorn ("Antilocapra americana"), and Desert Bighorn Sheep ("Ovis canadensis") as well as domestic sheep.
Uses.
Nevada ephedra was used for food and medicine by indigenous people and for tea by Mormons. Currently, its biggest use is as forage for sheep and cattle (it is not as good for horses), and for habitat restoration. It is sometimes grown for ornamental purposes. Among the Zuni people an infusion of the whole plant, except for the root, taken for syphilis. They also use it to make a tea-like beverage. 
Reproduction.
Nevada ephedra is wind-pollinated, with male plants growing in dryer areas and female plants growing in wetter ones, an arrangement which is believed to increase the production of seed. Cones mature and pollination occurs in March to June, with seeds ripening in May to August, although seeds are not produced every year. In the wild, seeds are often spread by rodents, and for cultivation, seeds can readily be collected and sown. The plant can also be propagated via transplants and cuttings.

</doc>
<doc id="19011308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011308" title="Heart of Gold (Force &amp; Styles song)">
Heart of Gold (Force &amp; Styles song)

"Heart of Gold" is a song written and recorded by Force & Styles. It was first recorded and released in on Force & Styles album "All over the UK" (1996) with the vocals by Jenna, and it was released as a single in 1998 with vocals by Kelly Llorenna. It is one of the most well known hardcore songs and was used as the name of Force & Styles's greatest hits album "Heart of Gold". In 2002, Llorenna released a new version as her fourth solo single produced by Flip & Fill.
Force & Styles version.
The original version was a happy hardcore song with vocals by Jenna Barr. It was released as a one sided 12" promo on United Dance Recordings and this is the version which appears on Force & Styles's first album "All over the UK" and their greatest hits album "Heart of Gold" (2000).
In 1998 the song was released as a single on Diverse records. The new versions had additional production by Eliot Kennedy, Mike Percy and Tim Lever of Steelworks Productions to make the song more commercial. Force & Styles also produced a new version as well with vocals by Kelly Llorenna for the single.
Kelly Llorenna version.
In 2002, Kelly Llorenna re-recorded and released the song as her fourth solo single. It was a commercial trance song produced by Flip & Fill.

</doc>
<doc id="19011317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011317" title="W25">
W25

W25 or W.25 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19011322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011322" title="Lili Marleen (film)">
Lili Marleen (film)

Lili Marleen is a 1981 West German drama film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and starring Hanna Schygulla. 
The screenplay was produced using the autobiographical novel "Der Himmel hat viele Farben" ("The Heavens Have Many Colors") by Lale Andersen. However, according to Lale Andersen's last husband, Arthur Beul, the film's plot bore little relation to her real life. 
Plot.
The film is set during the Third Reich and is about the forbidden love between the German singer Willie (Hanna Schygulla) and the Swiss Jewish composer Robert Mendelssohn (a character based on Rolf Liebermann), who actively seeks to help an underground group of German Jews.
Awards and nominations.
Of the 23 theatrical films that Fassbinder directed, Lili Marleen was the only one that Germany submitted to the Academy to be considered for a Best Foreign Language Film nomination (the film, while a German production, was one of the few that Fassbinder shot in English). Ultimately, the film was not nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19011338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011338" title="1FLTV">
1FLTV

1FLTV "(1 Fürstentum Liechtenstein Television)" is Liechtenstein's first television broadcaster. It began operation on 15 August 2008 in the German language.
On 15 August 2008, 1FLTV began operation after being licensed by the Liechtenstein government. It broadcasts in German and is a business venture of Austrian businesswoman Beatrix Schartl.
Eurovision Song Contest.
The people of Liechtenstein have always had an interest in participating in the Eurovision Song Contest. However, this was not possible as the country did not have a television channel of its own; if the channel joins the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) the country will be eligible to take part in the Eurovision Song Contest. Liechtenstein had previously attempted to participate in 1976, but was disqualified for not having a national broadcaster.
1FLTV announced that they were going to submit their first application to become an active member of the EBU before 31 July 2009, with the intention of making a début at the Eurovision Song Contest 2010, which was held in Oslo, Norway. However, this application bid was rejected by the EBU.
On 29 July 2010, 1FLTV applied for membership to the EBU again, which, if accepted, would allow Liechtenstein to send an entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 to be held in Germany. 
The head of 1 Fürstentum Liechtenstein Television (1FLTV), Peter Kölbel, has said that due to a lack of financial subsidies from the Government of Liechtenstein, participation will be impossible until 2013 at the earliest. 1FLTV have been trying to join the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) since 2010. However, the government has not granted the nation's only channel the necessary subsidies. Kölbel believes that the country had a good chance of joining the contest in 2013, if funding is approved.
On 10 September 2013, 1FLTV informed and confirmed to Esctoday.com that Liechtenstein wound not be participating at the 2014 contest in Copenhagen, Denmark. The broadcaster has no plans to join the EBU at the moment.

</doc>
<doc id="19011370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011370" title="John Alexander Bannerman">
John Alexander Bannerman

Colonel John Alexander Bannerman (June 5, 1759 – August 8, 1819) was appointed Governor of Prince of Wales' Island (Penang Island, Malaysia) and Province Wellesley (Seberang Perai) (both forming the settlement of Penang) in 1817 and also Treasurer from 1818. 
He was a director of the East India Company for two periods after 1811.
Bannerman served until his death from cholera in 1819. He was assisted by council member John MacAlister.

</doc>
<doc id="19011373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011373" title="W34">
W34

W34 or W.34 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19011381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011381" title="Les Dingodossiers">
Les Dingodossiers

Les Dingodossiers is a humorous series of comics created by French artists Marcel Gotlib (cartoonist) and René Goscinny (writer) first published in "Pilote" magazine from 1965 to 1967.
Style.
The term "dingodossiers" is a portmanteau of the two French words "dingo" or "dingue" ("mad") and "dossiers". As the title suggests, the series is composed of didactic dossiers with a very humorous tone. Each story consists of two to four strips drawn in black and white.
The strips deal with stereotypes and clichés and depict everyday life in a caricatured way. The stories are parodies and comic reports of scenes from marital and family life, work life, relations with neighbours, and holidays. A recurring character is Chaprot, a dunce pupil.
Publication history.
Marcel Gotlib and René Goscinny met in 1965 when Gotlib joined the "Pilote" magazine whose leader was Goscinny. Together they launched the "Dingodossier" series, with 169 stories published in "Pilote" between 1965 and 1967. In 1967 Goscinny, who had given up many series to become involved in the successful "Asterix" series, invited Gotlib to continue the series on his own. Gotlib decided to stop the series in 1968 and launched the series "Rubrique-à-Brac", very similar to the "Dingodossiers", but with a slightly different tone and some innovations. Gotlib declared that if the "Dingodossiers" series hadn't existed, maybe he would not have not created the RAB series.
Three albums were published by Dargaud: "Les Dingodossiers Tome 1" in 1967 and "Les Dingodossiers Tome 2" in 1972, then "Les Dingodossiers Tome 3" in 1995 composed of previously unpublished strips. In 2005, a compendium was published by Dargaud.

</doc>
<doc id="19011388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011388" title="Slater Walker">
Slater Walker

Slater Walker was a British bank that was in financial difficulties in the 1970s and shook the British banking system at the time.
History.
The Company was founded by Jim Slater and Peter Walker, a Tory MP, in 1964 as an authorized bank. It went on to perform what became known as corporate raids on public companies.
At its peak the Company held deposits totalling £95m, managed £250m of funds and looked after 29,000 pensions. 
Demise of the business.
In 1975 the Company got into financial difficulties. The problems with Slater Walker led to support by the Bank of England. Following the takeover of the Company by the Bank of England 15 charges were brought against Slater for offences against the Companies Act by the Department of Trade — the misuse of more than £4,000,000 of company funds in share deals. The case was thrown out in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19011405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011405" title="3-11 Porter">
3-11 Porter

3–11 Porter is a Norwegian group formed by singer and songwriter Per Arne Bertheussen in 1997. After making a demo, Edge Records released a very limited pressing of 200 copies of the song "I Can’t Forget The Girl I Never Met" on purple vinyl.
History.
In 2000, Per Arne Bertheussen met Svein Hansen and a whole new era began. Per Arne and Svein were joined by Tracee Meyn, a Norway-based American singer, and the trio subsequently recorded a total of 20 songs in the next two months, with Per Arne writing and Svein arranging the music. Some of these recordings were later featured on their debut album "Nurse Me". Per Arne, Svein and Meyn have varying musical backgrounds. While Per Arne's influences are strongly from Electronica and new wave genres, Svein, a musician, producer and skilled composer has classical, jazz and international folk music influences and Tracee’s background is gospel and soul.
3–11 Porter was signed by Nordic Records following a concert at Oslo’s Café Mono in 2003, the signing led to the international release of "Nurse Me".
A remix of "Surround Me With Your Love", by Per Martinsen (Mental Overdrive), was included on the "Tea Lounge" compilation album in Norway, the first of more than 200 compilation albums on which this song appears.
The band’s international breakthrough came in September 2003 when the remix of "Surround Me With Your Love" was included on "Hôtel Costes Vol. 6". It proved so popular that it was also included on the "Best of Hôtel Costes" and the Hôtel Costes box set.
Ragnvald Åheim joined the band to play bass later that year, and in 2004, Kristian Hilden joined to play drums.
In 2004, German record company Drizzly Records released a rare 12" vinyl containing seven remixes of "Surround Me With Your Love". The cosmetic firm Rimmel used the remix "Surround Me With Your Love" in a 2005 commercial starring Kate Moss, which was shown in 63 countries. "Surround Me With Your Love", the original song and the remix, has also been used by many international TV companies worldwide, including the BBC, TV Globo (Brazil), TV2 Norway, Discovery Channel and Animal Planet. The German label Stereo Deluxe signed 3–11 Porter in 2007 and released their second album, "Surround Me", in 2008. Guest performers on the album "Surround Me" included David M on "Sunglasses", "There Is A Place Where I Go" and "The Sleep That I’ll Bring You"; Helge Kvam on marimba on "The Mood of the Scene"; Ole Jørn Myklebust on trumpet on "On A Dead Sunday Afternoon", "Vintage" and "Sunglasses"; Javid Afsari Rad on santour on "The Loneliest Night on Earth"; Pejman Hadadi on percussion on "The Loneliest Night on Earth"; Vida Afsari Rad on "The Loneliest Night on Earth"; Maud Forsgren on "The Loneliest Night on Earth"; and Cristina Latini on "The Loneliest Night on Earth".
In 2008, the original song "Surround Me With Your Love" appeared on the soundtrack of the German-language version of the movie "Fireflies in the Garden" starring Julia Roberts, Willem Dafoe, and Emily Watson. The song was used to promote the film on radio and TV commercials in German-speaking countries. In the same year, British ITV used both the original song and the remix of "Surround Me With Your Love" for their teen drama series "Echo Beach".
In 2009, the original song "Surround Me With Your Love" was used as the main theme song for one of the leading characters on the Brazilian soap opera "Viver a Vida". "Viver a Vida" has been shown in many countries including Portugal and the USA. Because of this, the album "Surround Me" was also released in Brazil.
In 2011, MTV chose three songs, "Surround Me With Your Love" (the original version), "Nightlife" and "I Can’t Forget The Girl I Never Met", for their series "Popland". In 2012, 3–11 Porter re-signed with Nordic Records and their new album "Electric Velvet" is due to be released in the autumn of 2013. The album’s first single "Belly of the Beast" was released in May 2013 and will be followed by a video.
Other 3–11 Porter songs which have been included on numerous international compilation albums are "On A Dead Sunday Afternoon", "Praying", "The Loneliest Night on Earth", "I Can’t Forget The Girl I Never Met", "Longing", "Nightlife", "Vintage" and "Where Love’s Never Been".

</doc>
<doc id="19011406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011406" title="Wynonna &amp; Naomi">
Wynonna &amp; Naomi

Wynonna & Naomi is the title of a Mini-LP, the debut release by the American country music duo The Judds. Released by RCA Records in 1983, the album's name is derived from the duo's two members, mother Naomi Judd and her daughter, Wynonna Judd. 
The first single, "Had a Dream (For the Heart)", was the duo's first chart single, peaking at #17 on the "Billboard" country charts. It was followed by "Mama He's Crazy", which became their first number-one hit single. The song was also included on The Judds' subsequent LP, "Why Not Me", released in 1984.
Other songs on the album were reprised on subsequent albums, from which they were released as singles. "Change of Heart" was selected for 1988's "Greatest Hits", and "John Deere Tractor" appeared on 1990's "Love Can Build a Bridge".
The original vinyl and cassette issues were released in Mini-LP format, having only six tracks. When released on CD, "Cry Myself to Sleep" and "Dream Chaser" (taken from the Judds' "Rockin' with the Rhythm" album), were added, making it a full-length album.

</doc>
<doc id="19011429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011429" title="Rita Horky">
Rita Horky

Rita Horky is a former women's basketball player and coach from Blissfield, Michigan player who was elected to the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame.
Basketball career.
Player.
Horky played for Nashville Business College. She also played for the Iowa Wesleyan College Tigerettes, an AAU team in 1959 and 1960. The 5 foot 11 inch guard was named AAU All-American five times. She was a Pan American gold medalist twice (1959 and 1963), the USA's leading scorer in 1959 with 11.9 points per game, and their 3rd leading scorer in 1963 with 7.7 points/game. Her team finished 4th in the World Championship in 1964 and 11th in 1967.
Coach.
Rita Horky coached the Northern Illinois women's basketball team for one year in 1982–83, leading them to a 13–14 record.
Awards and honors.
In 2000, Horky was elected to the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame, located in Knoxville, Tennessee. She was elected to the Iowa Wesleyan Athletic Hall of Fame in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19011440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011440" title="Jim Lind (politician)">
Jim Lind (politician)

James Gordon Lind (8 March 1913 – 22 April 1980) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Westminster Township, Ontario and became a lumber merchant by career.
Jim Lind was first elected at the Middlesex East riding in the 1965 general election, after a previous unsuccessful campaign in that riding in the 1963 election. He was re-elected to Parliament in the 1968 election at Middlesex riding. After completing his final term in the 28th Canadian Parliament, Lind left the House of Commons and did not seek further re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="19011466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011466" title="Little Man, What Now? (film)">
Little Man, What Now? (film)

Little Man, What Now? is a 1934 American drama film directed by Frank Borzage and starring Margaret Sullavan. It is based on the novel of the same name by Hans Fallada.
Plot.
Germany in the 1930s, a young couple struggling against poverty. Hans is a small business agent. He is happily married to Emma that he affectionately calls 'Lämmchen' (small lamb). They must keep their marriage a secret in order for Hans to keep his job, as his boss wants him to marry his daughter. Hans loses his job when the truth comes out. They move in with his stepmother in bustling Berlin to find success. Hans gets a small job in a department store. Things are okay until they find out that his stepmother is really a notorious madame and runs an exclusive brothel.

</doc>
<doc id="19011473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011473" title="Ipso Facto Selecto">
Ipso Facto Selecto

Ipso Facto Selecto is a phrase used to end an argument by essentially stating that the final conclusive fact has been verbalized that no additional arguments are necessary or possible. This phrase was made popular by 18th-century poet and historian, Thomas Gray. The phrase is thought to be a mixture of Old English and Latin.

</doc>
<doc id="19011485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011485" title="Simon Lister">
Simon Lister

Simon Lister (born London, 1969) is an English author.
His first book, "Supercat" - the authorised biography of the former West Indies captain, Clive Lloyd, was published by Stephen Chalke in 2007.
The book was shortlisted for the 2008 British Sports Book Awards and the cricket correspondent of the Guardian newspaper, Mike Selvey, chose "Supercat" as his Book of the Year.
Simon Lister is also a regular contributor to "The Wisden Cricketer" magazine and has written for the "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack".

</doc>
<doc id="19011491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011491" title="Lufthansa Flight 005">
Lufthansa Flight 005

Lufthansa Flight 005 was a scheduled flight en route from Frankfurt to Hamburg with a stopover in Bremen. The aircraft crashed just beyond the runway in Bremen just before 19:00 on January 28, 1966, in a go-around after an aborted landing. All occupants — 42 passengers and 4 crew members — died in the accident.
General.
Among others, seven swimmers from the Italian Olympic team, their coach, and an Italian reporter were on board the 53-passenger aircraft. A stone tablet with the names of the dead Italians was placed in their memory in Norderländer Straße near the crash site.
The actress Ada Chekhova, daughter of Olga Chekhova and mother of Vera Tschechowa, was also one of the victims.
Sequence of events.
The flight departed Frankfurt Airport on runway 25R at 5:41 PM after a slight delay of 8 minutes. The aircraft's weight at takeoff was , only slightly under the maximum of . The Convair CV-440 was fueled with of aviation gasoline, sufficient for a flight of 5 hours, 13 minutes. This extra reserve was necessary because the crew had chosen Stuttgart Airport as their alternate destination due to poor weather conditions. 
At about 18:40, after about 30 minutes cruising at Flight Level 140 (), the flight began its approach from the east to runway 27 at the Bremen Airport. The temperature was 4 degrees Celsius and the ceiling was less than . The visibility was only approximately because of heavy rains. Wind speed was 9 knots from 140 degrees. The resulting tailwind affecting the aircraft was 6 knots. The minimum weather conditions at the Bremen Airport for that Convair 440 aircraft type permitted a tailwind of no more than 5 knots.
Capitan Heinz Saalfeld began his final descent, but commenced a go-around maneuver at an approximate height of above the ground. A few moments later, at 6:51 pm, the 21.5-ton aircraft spun to the left and crashed into a field beyond the end of the runway. The remaining fuel (approximately ) ignited, causing a ground fire that was extinguished by the airport's Fire and Rescue only after 40 minutes.
At the time, the accident was the fourth total loss of a Lufthansa aircraft since the company's reestablishment in 1954: after the crash of a Lockheed Super Constellation on January 11, 1959 during approach at Rio de Janeiro-Galeão International Airport, the airline had also lost two Boeing 720-030B during training flights over West Germany in 1961 and 1964.
Causes.
After the accident, an investigative commission was formed. The commission released its final report about a year later, concluding that the crash was caused by a chain of technical and human errors.
According to the report, an instrument in the cockpit displayed false information, causing the aircraft to deviate from the prescribed flight path specified by the instrument landing system, flying above its glide path. As the aircraft broke free of the cloud cover and switched from instrument controlled flight to visual control, the captain presumably estimated the altitude incorrectly due to darkness and poor visibility, causing the aircraft to come in too far, which made the final approach too late. The captain decided to abort because the little remaining runway would not have been sufficient to allow for braking the aircraft. At this point, he maneuvered the Convair into an extreme flight attitude, leading to a stall and the aircraft striking the ground with its left wing first. The aircraft burned completely except for the tail section and the right wing. When the rescue team arrived they could only sort through the wreckage. 
According to an article in the German magazine "Der Spiegel", the aircraft was considerably iced over and the pilot's visibility almost impossible. According to the accident report, it could not be ruled out that during the critical landing phase the pilot suffered from a cardiovascular disorder, precluding him from being able to control the aircraft any longer. He could not control the further progress of the flight on account of the rather poor stall performance of the aircraft type, the extraordinary difficulties to control a stall during instrument flight conditions, and the insufficient height available for transition from a stall to a normal attitude after the aircraft. The copilot could not level off the aircraft because of the very low altitude. The report ended with the sentence, "Other causes could also have contributed to the accident."
A pathological examination of the pilot's remains was not possible. An examination of the copilot's body, however, revealed a blood alcohol content of 0.24 per mil.
Aircraft.
The Convair Metropolitan 440, built in 1958, was operated from July 18, 1958 by the Deutsche Flugdienst Company (renamed Condor Flugdienst November 1, 1961). It carried the registration D-ADAD. On November 7, 1961 Lufthansa took control of the aircraft with the new designation D-ACAT. At the time of the accident, the aircraft had logged 13,872 hours of flight time (see also- Kreuzer, H. -Absturz: total flight time- 12,218). The aircraft was not equipped with a flight data recorder.
Memorial.
The following Italian swimmers were among the victims:
In memory, the Italian National Olympic Committee and the Italian Swimming Association raised a stone monument not far from the crash site on Norderländer St. in Bremen in the name of the Italians killed. 
At the funeral for the Italian swimming team victims, something very unusual happened. As the coffins of the victims were brought out from the church to the square, the crowd started to applaud. It was a spontaneous salute, almost a statement of defiance against death. It was also a tangible tribute to the young athletes. This, incidentally, was the very first time that clapping was recorded at a public, media-covered funeral in Italy. Later, during the dark years of terrorism, on numerous occasions, the crowd would salute the victims of the Red Brigades and other domestic terrorist acts in the very same way. Clapping at funerals slowly became a typical salute for victims of media-covered funerals. In a way it could be said to be similar to a 'standing ovation.'

</doc>
<doc id="19011533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011533" title="Institute of European Studies of the Jagiellonian University">
Institute of European Studies of the Jagiellonian University

Institute of European Studies – a unit of the Jagiellonian University, having its roots in the Inter-Faculty Department for European Studies which was founded in 1993. It was the first university Institute in Poland committed to the study of European integration.
The primary seat of the Institute is the Przegorzały Castle located on the top of a hill on the outskirts of the Wolski Woods, about 20 minutes from the centre of Kraków, with a smaller Centre for European Studies on ul Garbarska in the city centre. 
The JU Institute of European Studies is a partner institution of the Europaeum.
Structure.
The Institute is closely connected with the JU Centre for Holocaust Studies and shares one seat with the Centre. The Centre for Holocaust Studies is the only university institution in Kraków committed to the study of the Holocaust. Before the Centre was established, Holocaust Studies Department was a part of the Institute of European Studies. 
The Centre cooperates with main Holocaust Studies institutions in the world, including Yad Vashem and the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp. International Summer School "Teaching the Holocaust" is organised in cooperation with the American Jewish University.
Study programmes.
The Institute conducts a wide range of study programmes in Polish and in English, including MA programmes in European Studies, European Governance, Euroculture or , many of them organised in cooperation with foreign partner institutions.
Research Projects.
Completed research projects include: Multicultural Europe, Socrates-Comenius NIKE, Transnational identities – cities unbound – migrations redefined.
Main research tasks of the Centre for Holocaust Studies are: studies in post-Holocaust symbolic representations; mutated memories of Holocaust as a social process; studies in Holocaust tourism and pilgrimages; sociology of murderers, bystanders, helpers and collaborators; Holocaust museums studies; legal dimension of the Holocaust exterminations .

</doc>
<doc id="19011534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011534" title="Claudio Lombardi">
Claudio Lombardi

Claudio Lombardi is a former Formula One engineer, best known for his work as team-manager at the Ferrari team during the early-1990s.
Career.
Lombardi studied at the University of Bologna, choosing to study mechanical engineering. He was soon recruited by the Fiat research center, before designing engines for Lancia, which helped them in the World Rally Championship and in sports car racing. Lombardi became head of department for engineering at Lancia when Cesare Fiorio moved to Ferrari. Fiorio's stay at Ferrari did not last long, as he was fired in June 1991. Lombardi was promoted from engineer at the Ferrari team to team-manager at the team, as part of an effort from new president Luca di Montezemolo to "rejuvenate" the team. Lombardi was moved to the Ferrari GT programme at the beginning of 1994 as part of another reshuffle.

</doc>
<doc id="19011538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011538" title="Legality of recording by civilians">
Legality of recording by civilians

The laws regarding the recording of other persons and property by means of still photography, videography, and audio recording vary by location. In many places, it is common for the recording of public property, persons within the public domain, and of private property visible or audible from the public domain to be legal. But laws have been passed in many places restricting such activity in order to protect the privacy of others. To make matters even more complicated, in many places and in many situations, the laws governing still photography may be vastly different that the laws governing any type of motion picture photography.
In the United States, anti-photography laws have been passed in many places following the September 11 attacks and the increased popularity of camera phones. There might be local laws and policies governing the specific landmark or property on which one seeks to photograph. Laws on private property differ. Owners of private property in most places must authorize recording on their own property.
Exceptions.
High-profile locations.
In the United States, the filming of many high-profile locations that are feared to be targets of possible terrorist attacks is restricted. For example, signs posted around many bridges, including the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge, state that filming the structure is prohibited. The legality of such restrictions is problematic; in view of the First Amendment, restrictions on taking pictures of a public structure in public may be unconstitutional, (in view of the fact that prohibiting taking pictures will probably neither prevent nor reduce the potential for such attacks, nor do such prohibitions necessarily mean it will in any way hinder someone from committing an attack in the first place.) The courts have held, however, that in some cases, restrictions on taking pictures on military reservations such as military bases, can be constitutionally valid, so a restriction on taking a picture of a structure that is operated by the military or is on a military reservation might be constitutional, but even then, such restrictions must be reasonable and have some relevant purpose. Forbidding pictures of a weapons system on a military base would have relevance to preventing enemy acquisition of technology and would be such a legitimate purpose, but the mere forbidding of taking pictures of a latrine, a post exchange (PX) or a mess hall probably would not (especially if the purpose were be to publicize military ineptitude or incompetence, such as the lax state of the restroom's cleanliness, bad or overpriced merchandise, or the food were horrible.)
In August 2004, an Annandale, Virginia, man was arrested and detained when his wife was observed by a police officer filming the Chesapeake Bay Bridge as he drove across. He was held as a material witness after he was found to have ties to Hamas. He was later released on bail without being charged.
Voyeurism.
Many places have passed or considered legislation that prohibits voyeurism with phones and other similar devices, commonly referred to as "upskirting" or "downblousing." Such behaviors have become common since camera phones have become popular, thereby raising such concerns.
Public display.
Laws in Europe prohibiting the photography of citizens for public display have delayed the release of Google Street View in some countries.
Voice recording.
Laws differ in the United States on how many parties must give their consent before a conversation may be recorded. In 38 states and the District of Columbia, conversations may be recorded if the person is party to the conversation, or if at least one of the people who are party to the conversation have given a third party consent to record the conversation. In California, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania, Vermont, and Washington State, the consent of all parties must be obtained in order to record a conversation.

</doc>
<doc id="19011543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011543" title="Dominion VIII">
Dominion VIII

Dominion VIII is the eighth studio album by Swedish death metal band Grave, released in April 2008.
Track listing.
All lyrics was written by Ola Lindgren. Except were noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19011545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011545" title="Wilhelm Nielsen">
Wilhelm Nielsen

Wilhelm Nielsen (born 4 January 1816 in Holmestrand, died 4 February 1889 in Kragerø) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1857. He was later elected in 1859 and 1862, representing the constituency of Holmestrand. He worked as a stipendiary magistrate ("byfoged") there.

</doc>
<doc id="19011552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011552" title="Jean-Thomas Richard">
Jean-Thomas Richard

Jean-Thomas Richard (22 August 1907 – 27 September 1991) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Ottawa, Ontario and became a barrister and lawyer by career.
The son of Thomas-Lucien Richard and Blanche Dunn, he was educated at the University of Ottawa and Osgoode Hall and practised law in Ottawa. In 1933, he married Margaret Maloney.
He was first elected at the Ottawa East riding in the 1945 general election, the re-elected there in 1949, 1953, 1957, 1958, 1962, 1963, 1965 and 1968. After completing his final term in the House of Commons, the 28th Canadian Parliament, Richard left office and did not seek further re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="19011556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011556" title="List of atheists (surnames T to Z)">
List of atheists (surnames T to Z)

Atheists with surnames starting T, U, V, W, X, Y or Z, sortable by the field for which they are mainly known and nationality.

</doc>
<doc id="19011558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011558" title="Index of El Salvador-related articles">
Index of El Salvador-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the Republic of El Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="19011578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011578" title="ERM protein family">
ERM protein family

The ERM protein family consists of three closely related proteins, ezrin, radixin and moesin. The three paralogs, ezrin, radixin and moesin, are present in vertebrates, whereas other species have only one ERM gene. Therefore, in vertebrates these paralogs likely arose by gene duplication.
ERM proteins are highly conserved throughout evolution . More than 75% identity is observed in the N-terminal and the C-terminal of vertebrates (ezrin, radixin, moesin), "Drosophila" (dmoesin) and "C. elegans" (ERM-1) homologs.
Structure.
ERM molecules contain the following three domains:
Ezrin, radixin and merlin also contain a polyproline region between the central helical and C-terminal domains.
Function.
ERM proteins crosslink actin filaments with plasma membranes. They co-localize with CD44 at actin filament-plasma membrane interaction sites, associating with CD44 via their N-terminal domains and with actin filaments via their C-terminal domains.
ERM proteins Moesin directly binds to microtubules via its N-terminal FERM domain "in vitro" and stabilizes microtubules at the cell cortex "in vivo". This interaction is required for specific ERM-dependent functions in mitosis.
Activation.
ERM proteins are highly regulated proteins. They exist in two forms:
In culture cells, ERM proteins mainly exhibit the folded conformation (about 80-85%).
The current model for ERM proteins activation is a two-steps mechanism:

</doc>
<doc id="19011580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011580" title="Franco-Yukonnais">
Franco-Yukonnais

Franco-Yukonnais are francophone and/or French Canadian residents of Yukon, a territory of Canada.
French has full official language status in the Yukon.
Demographics.
The Canada 2006 Census identified 1,105 residents of the territory as francophone, 3.69 per cent of the territory's total population. Between 3,500 and 4,000 residents of the territory, or approximately 13 per cent of the total population, are of at least partial French descent.
Flag.
The Franco-Yukonnais flag consists of a blue field and three diagonal stripes set from lower hoist to upper fly. The colours of the stripes are white and golden yellow. The effect created by the arrangement of the stripes is meant to represent Yukon's many mountains. Blue is for the French people and the sky. White is for winter and snow. Yellow represents the gold rush and the Franco-Yukonnais community's contributions to history of the territory.
Community.
The primary institution of the Franco-Yukonnais community is the "Association franco-yukonnaise", a non-profit organization which coordinates many of the community's cultural activities and acts as the community's voice in political and social issues affecting the community.
Franco-Yukonnais are served by the weekly newspaper "L'Aurore boréale". The territorial capital, Whitehorse, is served by CFWY-FM, a rebroadcaster of the Première Chaîne station from Vancouver, and by a television rebroadcaster of CBFT, the flagship Télévision de Radio-Canada station from Montreal. Neither of these services originates any programming in the Yukon, nor are they available in the rest of the territory outside of Whitehorse. 
Unlike the Northwest Territories and Nunavut the Yukon does not have a French language community radio station. Instead, the francophone community is served by a weekly radio show, "Rencontres", which airs on CFWH, the territory's CBC Radio One service, in the Saturday afternoon time slot reserved by the network for local cultural magazine shows.
The annual "Festival du solstice" is held in June each year, with events in both Whitehorse and Dawson City.

</doc>
<doc id="19011584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011584" title="Men's 400 metres world record progression">
Men's 400 metres world record progression

The first world record in the 400 m for men (athletics) was recognized by the International Amateur Athletics Federation, now known as the International Association of Athletics Federations, in 1912. The IAAF ratified Charles Reidpath's 48.2 performance set at that year's Stockholm Olympics as a world record, but it also recognized the superior mark over 440 yards (402.34 metres) run by Maxie Long in 1900 as a world record.
To June 21, 2009, the IAAF has ratified 23 world records in the event.
The following tables show the world record progression in the men's 400 metres, as ratified by the IAAF.
Records 1900–1976.
(+) plus sign denotes en route time during longer race
Lee Evans' 1968 Olympic gold medal victory time of 43.86 was the fastest recorded result to that time.

</doc>
<doc id="19011591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011591" title="2008–09 Welsh Cup">
2008–09 Welsh Cup

The 2008–09 FAW Welsh Cup was the 122nd season of the annual knockout tournament for competitive football teams in Wales, excluding those who play in the English League System. The 2008–09 tournament commenced on 16 August 2008, and was covered live and exclusive on S4C in the UK.
Preliminary round.
The games were played on 16 August 2008.
South.
1First match was postponed and the replay was held at Lock’s Lane, Porthcawl on 3 September 2008
First round.
The matches were played on 13 September 2008.
Second round.
The matches were played between 3 and 10 October 2008.
Third round.
The matches were played on 31 October and 1 November 2008.
Fourth round.
The matches were played on 30 and 31 January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19011629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011629" title="Dangoh Khurd">
Dangoh Khurd

Dangoh Khurd or Pirthipur is a small village in Una District of Himachal Pradesh, India. It lies approx 3 km from Daulatpur Chownk on Una Talwara Road, 12 km from Mubarakpur and falls under Tehsil Amb of Una District. The village has produced many officers who have served Government of India & Government of Himachal Pradesh. The village is approx. 50 km from the Nangal side of the state of Punjab in India. The village has plain lands on one side, mountains on other side and has a rivulet flowing through it.
Location.
Vill Pirthipur is approx 2 km from Daulatpur Chowk
Population data.
The village has approximately 61 households containing 302 persons as per Census of India. The village has sizeable population of Dogra Brahmins. The village has a Zila Panchyat.
Schools.
Daulatpur Near Dangoh Khurd has DAV High School recognised by Himachal Pradesh Education Board. The Village has a nearby Govt High School at Daulat Pur Chowk also.
Economy and general facts.
The land is predominantly agricultural in nature. The main crops are wheat, rice, maize and in some areas medicinal plants are being grown. The India Post Pin Code of the village is 177204. The famous Chintpurni Temple is approx 50 km from the village. Indian Railways have plans to link this village with District Headquarters of Una through Chandigarh. 

</doc>
<doc id="19011640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011640" title="Evans Memorial Chapel">
Evans Memorial Chapel

Evans Memorial Chapel is a historic chapel on the campus of the University of Denver, in Colorado.
Completed in 1878 in downtown Denver, the Evans Memorial Chapel was built by Governor John Evans (University of Denver founder) in honor of his daughter Josephine, who had died a decade earlier. It was purchased by the University of Denver (DU) later on in 1958 as part of a land purchase. In 1960, the historic building was moved stone by stone to its present location on the DU campus. Currently, the Evans Memorial Chapel has no specific religious affiliation. It is widely used for wedding ceremonies year-round and student-driven religious activities during the academic year.

</doc>
<doc id="19011676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011676" title="Hilmar Martinus Strøm">
Hilmar Martinus Strøm

Hilmar Martinus Strøm (1817 - ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1859, representing the constituency of Aalesund. He worked as a stipendiary magistrate ("byfoged") there. He was later elected in 1862 and 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="19011677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011677" title="PaskonAPO">
PaskonAPO

PaskonAPO is the twelfth studio album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's an 11-track Christmas album released in 1991, under Universal Records. 15 years later, the cd was re-released and digitally remastered in 2006 with a new cover.

</doc>
<doc id="19011696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011696" title="Murali, Arsky District, Republic of Tatarstan">
Murali, Arsky District, Republic of Tatarstan

Murali (; ) is a village ("selo") in Arsky District of the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, located on the bank of the Kismes River, south-east of Arsk, the administrative center of the district. Population: 305 (2000 est.); 315 (1989); all ethnic Tatars. There is a primary school and a club in the village. The main occupation of the population is agriculture and cattle breeding. The village has been known to exist since the times of the Khanate of Kazan.

</doc>
<doc id="19011699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011699" title="Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Director">
Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Director

This is a list of winners of the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Director introduced in 1955 to honour directors of plays and directors of musicals. From 1968, multiple awards were presented for each season. In 1975 the category was retired and divided into Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Director of a Play and Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Director of a Musical, with each discipline receiving its own.

</doc>
<doc id="19011703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011703" title="Uchili">
Uchili

Uchili (; , ) is a village ("selo") in Arsky District of the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, located on the bank of the Berezinka River, south of Arsk, the administrative center of the district. Population: 243 (2000 est.); 224 (1989); all ethnic Tatars. There is a primary school and a club in the village. The main occupation of the population is cattle breeding. There is a club, a secondary school, and a mosque, attributed to the 19th century, in the village.
The village has been known to exist since the 17th century as "Malaya Berzinka" () or "Keçe Biräzä" (). In the 19th century shoulder-yokes and spindles were produced there. The imam of the village mosque was Zinnätulla Zäynelbäşir ulı, grandfather of Ğabdulla Tuqay, who also lived in Öçile.

</doc>
<doc id="19011704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011704" title="Index of Ecuador-related articles">
Index of Ecuador-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the Republic of Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="19011717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011717" title="Jens Christian Folkman Schaanning">
Jens Christian Folkman Schaanning

Jens Christian Folkman Schaanning (1804–1886) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1848, representing the constituency of "Christianssund og Molde". He worked as a vicar ("sogneprest") in Christianssund. He was later re-elected in 1851 and 1859.

</doc>
<doc id="19011729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011729" title="Arlington Town Square">
Arlington Town Square

Arlington Town Square is a retail and apartment development located in Arlington Heights. After a huge revamp and building boom, numerous new condominium, retail, office, and park spaces were built so improving the area. It is home to national retail and restaurant chains, along with local, independent business. The center is also home to the Arlington Theaters.
Major stores and restaurants include Ann Taylor LOFT, JoS. A. Bank Clothiers, Yankee Candle, Gap, Inc., Bath and Body Works, California Pizza Kitchen, Noodles & Company, Starbucks Coffee, and Panera Bread.
http://arlingtontownsquare.com/

</doc>
<doc id="19011743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011743" title="Haagen Ludvig Bergh">
Haagen Ludvig Bergh

Haagen Ludvig Bergh (24 February 1809 – 12 October 1863) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1845, representing the constituency of "Hedemarkens Amt". He worked as a chaplain there, but was eventually promoted to vicar ("sogneprest"). He was later re-elected in 1848, 1851, 1854, 1857, 1859 and 1862, the last two terms for the constituency of "Smaalenenes Amt".
He was married to Anne Marie Louise Astrup (1822–1888), daughter of politician Nils Astrup. The couple had one son and one daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19011744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011744" title="The Long Day's Dying">
The Long Day's Dying

"The Long Day's Dying" is a 1968 war film directed by Peter Collinson and starring David Hemmings. It was listed to compete at the 1968 Cannes Film Festival, but the festival was cancelled due to the events of May 1968 in France.
Production.
According to Michael Deeley, he and Peter Yates worked on the first draft of the script but were denied credit. He claims he gave Collinson the job partly to see if he was up to the task of directing "The Italian Job" (1969).

</doc>
<doc id="19011746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011746" title="Robert Mudie">
Robert Mudie

Robert Mudie (1777–1842) was a newspaper editor and author. 
Life.
He was born in Angus, Scotland on 28 June 1777, was the youngest son of John Mudie, a weaver, and his wife, Elizabeth, née Bany. After attending the village school he worked as a weaver until he was drafted into the militia. Largely self-educated, from his boyhood he was an avid reader, reared mainly on the Encyclopædia Britannica. He taught himself Latin by beginning in the middle of Virgil, reading to the end, using a dictionary.
At the end of his four years of militia service he became master of a village school in the south of Fife. In 1802, he was appointed teacher of Gaelic and drawing at Inverness Royal Academy, although he knew little Gaelic. About 1808 he became drawing-master to Dundee Academy, but soon also took on the department of arithmetic and English composition. He contributed much to the local newspaper, and ran for some time a monthly periodical. Becoming a member of the Dundee town council, he worked energetically for burgh reform with R. S. Rintoul, editor of the radical Dundee Advertiser and later of The Spectator. In politics he was ‘an ardent reformer’. He had about this time some acquaintance with Thomas Chalmers, then in St Andrews. Mudie's speeches, attacking corruption on the council, led to the loss of his post as teacher of arithmetic (his drawing post was beyond the council's control). He tried, unsuccessfully, to start a mercantile and mathematical academy and launched two short-lived periodicals, The Independent (April–September 1816) and The Caledonian (June–October 1821). 
On the failure of these, in the autumn of 1821 he sold his life appointment as teacher in drawing and moved to London, where he was a reporter on the Morning Chronicle, reporting George IV's visit to Edinburgh, which he also described in a volume, "Modern Athens" (1824). He was subsequently editor of the Sunday Times and wrote largely in the periodicals of the day.
About 1838, Mudie moved to Winchester, where he was employed by a bookseller named Robbins in writing books, including a History of Hampshire (3 vols., 1838) and a stream of other topographical volumes. The enterprise failed, and Mudie returned to London, impoverished and in broken health. He edited the Surveyor, Engineer and Architect, a monthly journal; it began publication in February 1840 but was not a financial success. Throughout this unsatisfactory and ultimately wretched career, Mudie maintained a steady flow of publications. His first works were The "Maid of Griban" (1819) (verses) and "Glenfergus" (3 vols., 1819), a novel. In the 1820s he turned to topography, often writing in a moralizing tone, and produced a long list of volumes, of which two on London, "Babylon the Great" (2 vols., 1825) and "A Second Judgment on Babylon the Great" (2 vols., 1829) are the most striking. For Things in General (on London and elsewhere) (1824) he used the pseudonym Laurence Langshank. Mudie became a keen ornithologist and published several volumes, such as "The Feathered Tribes of the British Islands" (2 vols., 1834) and "The Natural History of Birds" (1834); he also wrote on other aspects of biology. He was also the author of books on natural philosophy, mental and moral philosophy, China, India, copyright, and the seasons of the year. Mudie wrote the greater part of the natural history section of the British Cyclopaedia (1834), the text to Gilbert's "Modern Atlas of the Earth" (1840), and a topographical account of Selborne prefixed to Gilbert White's "Natural History of Selborne" (new edn, 1850). Mudie died at Pentonville on 29 April 1842, leaving destitute the widow of his second marriage, Frances Wallace Urquhart, second daughter of Captain John Urquhart, a sea captain of the East India Company with one son, and four daughters.
He wrote and compiled altogether about ninety volumes, including Babylon the Great, a Picture of Men and Things in London; Modern Auicus, a sketch of Edinburgh society; The British Naturalist; The Feathered Tribes of Great Britain; A Popular Guide to the Observation of Nature; two series of four volumes each, entitled The Heavens, the Earth, the Sea, and the Air; and Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter; Man: Physical, Moral, Social, and Intellectual; Man, as a Moral and Accountable Being; The World Described; The Picture of Australia. He also wrote a novel, Glenfergus. He furnished the letter-press to Gilbert's Modern Atlas, the "Natural History" to the British Cyclopaedia, and numerous other contributions to periodical works. He was editor of the Caledonian Quarterly Magazine, as well as its illustrator and chief contributor. He hand-carved the woodcuts used to illustrate the Caledonian Quarterly.

</doc>
<doc id="19011748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011748" title="Edward Parry (archbishop of the West Indies)">
Edward Parry (archbishop of the West Indies)

The Rt Rev Edward Archibald Parry (1861–1943) was Bishop of Guyana from 1900 until 1921 and Archbishop of the West Indies from 1917 until 1921.
Parry was born into an eminent family, his father was the Rt Revd Edward Parry, Bishop of Dover, and his grandfather was Sir William Parry, Arctic explorer. He was educated at Winchester and Oriel College, Oxford, and ordained in 1884.
After a curacy at St Mary, Acton and a period as Resident Chaplain to the Bishop of Rochester he was Rector of Sundridge and Vicar of St Mark, New Milverton, Leamington before his elevation to the Episcopate. He was nominated Bishop of Guyana in late 1900, and consecrated bishop by the Archbishop of Canterbury in Canterbury Cathedral 28 December 1900. From the death of his cathedral's dean in 1918 onwards, he was additionally dean of said cathedral, an arrangement which continued until 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="19011783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011783" title="Robert Ibbetson">
Robert Ibbetson

Robert Ibbetson was colonial governor of the Straits Settlements of Penang, Malacca, and Singapore from 1832 to 1834. Prior to that, Ibbetson had been Resident Councillor at Penang from 1826, i.e. prior to Governor Fullerton's move of the seat of the Straits Government from Penang to Singapore (12 November 1829), after which time Ibbetson assumed the role of governor of Penang, as the sole survivor of the officials appointed to the new Penang Presidency in 1805. The departure of the last Governor is also recorded in the Gazette. The issue of 29 August 1829 carries the following notification:
""The Honorable the Governor, being about to proceed to Singapore and Malacca, NOTICE is hereby given that this station will cease to be the seat of Government from the date of his departure, and the charge of the settlement will devolve upon the Honorable Robert Ibbetson, Resident Councillor; to whom all local references will be made.""
Robert Ibbetson joined the service in 1804 as a writer. In 1807 he was appointed an assistant in the Secretary's Office. In 1808 he was appointed to assistant in the Collector's Office. In 1810 he was made Deputy Collector at Malacca and promoted in 1810 to Collector and his responsibilities expanded to include Paymaster and Commissary of Provisions, at Malacca. In 1811 he was Factor, Paymaster and Storekeeper. In 1814 he was Junior Merchant and Commissary for the Recovery of Small Debts. In 1817 he was promoted to Senior Merchant and Sheriff. In 1820 he was Paymaster and Storekeeper and Suptd of the Company's Law Suits. In 1824 he was Secretary and actg Accountant. In 1825 he was Provisional Member of Council for the Straits Settlements (from 3 Feb). In 1826 he was Fourth in Council and Resident Councillor at Malacca. In 1826 he was Resident Counsellor at Penang. In 1827 his responsibilities expanded to include Suptd of Landed Tenures, Collector of Quit Rents, and Civil & Marine Warehouse Keeper. In 1828 he was made Second in Council. In 1829 he was assisted by James William Salmond, Second Asst to the Resident Councillor at Penang.
References.
Preceded by: Robert Fullerton
Succeeded by: Samuel George Bonham

</doc>
<doc id="19011806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011806" title="Evolutionary origin of religions">
Evolutionary origin of religions

The evolutionary origin of religions theorizes about the emergence of religious behavior during the course of human evolution.
Nonhuman religious behaviour.
Humanity’s closest living relatives are common chimpanzees and bonobos. These primates share a common ancestor with humans who lived between four and six million years ago. It is for this reason that chimpanzees and bonobos are viewed as the best available surrogate for this common ancestor. Barbara King argues that while non-human primates are not religious, they do exhibit some traits that would have been necessary for the evolution of religion. These traits include high intelligence, a capacity for symbolic communication, a sense of social norms, realization of "self" and a concept of continuity. There is inconclusive evidence that "Homo neanderthalensis" may have buried their dead which is evidence of the use of ritual. The use of burial rituals is evidence of religious activity, but there is no other evidence that religion existed in human culture before humans reached behavioral modernity.
Marc Bekoff, Professor Emeritus of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology at the University of Colorado, Boulder, argues that many species grieve death and loss.
Setting the stage for human religion.
Increased brain size.
In this set of theories, the religious mind is one consequence of a brain that is large enough to formulate religious and philosophical ideas. During human evolution, the hominid brain tripled in size, peaking 500,000 years ago. Much of the brain's expansion took place in the neocortex. This part of the brain is involved in processing higher order cognitive functions that are connected with human religiosity. The neocortex is associated with self-consciousness, language and emotion. According to Dunbar's theory, the relative neocortex size of any species correlates with the level of social complexity of the particular species. The neocortex size correlates with a number of social variables that include social group size and complexity of mating behaviors. In chimpanzees the neocortex occupies 50% of the brain, whereas in modern humans it occupies 80% of the brain. 
Robin Dunbar argues that the critical event in the evolution of the neocortex took place at the speciation of archaic homo sapiens about 500,000 years ago. His study indicates that only after the speciation event is the neocortex large enough to process complex social phenomena such as language and religion. The study is based on a regression analysis of neocortex size plotted against a number of social behaviors of living and extinct hominids.
Stephen Jay Gould suggests that religion may have grown out of evolutionary changes which favored larger brains as a means of cementing group coherence among savannah hunters, after that larger brain enabled reflection on the inevitability of personal mortality.
Tool use.
Lewis Wolpert argues that causal beliefs that emerged from tool use played a major role in the evolution of belief. The manufacture of complex tools requires creating a mental image of an object which does not exist naturally before actually making the artifact. Furthermore, one must understand how the tool would be used, that requires an understanding of causality. Accordingly, the level of sophistication of stone tools is a useful indicator of causal beliefs. Wolpert contends use of tools composed of more than one component, such as hand axes, represents an ability to understand cause and effect. However, recent studies of other primates indicate that causality may not be a uniquely human trait. For example, chimpanzees have been known to escape from pens closed with multiple latches, which was previously thought could only have been figured out by humans who understood causality. Chimpanzees are also known to mourn the dead, and notice things that have only aesthetic value, like sunsets, both of which may be considered to be components of religion or spirituality.
The difference between the comprehension of causality by humans and chimpanzees is one of degree. The degree of comprehension in an animal depends upon the size of the prefrontal cortex: the greater the size of the prefrontal cortex the deeper the comprehension.
Development of language.
Religion requires a system of symbolic communication, such as language, to be transmitted from one individual to another. Philip Lieberman states "human religious thought and moral sense clearly rest on a cognitive-linguistic base". From this premise science writer Nicholas Wade states: 
Another view distinguishes individual religious belief from collective religious belief. While the former does not require prior development of language, the latter does. The individual human brain has to explain a phenomenon in order to comprehend and relate to it. This activity predates by far the emergence of language and may have caused it. The theory is, belief in the supernatural emerges from hypotheses arbitrarily assumed by individuals to explain natural phenomena that cannot be explained otherwise. The resulting need to share individual hypotheses with others leads eventually to collective religious belief. A socially accepted hypothesis becomes dogmatic backed by social sanction.
Morality and group living.
Frans de Waal and Barbara King both view human morality as having grown out of primate sociality. Though morality awareness may be a unique human trait, many social animals, such as primates, dolphins and whales, have been known to exhibit pre-moral sentiments. According to Michael Shermer, the following characteristics are shared by humans and other social animals, particularly the great apes:
De Waal contends that all social animals have had to restrain or alter their behavior for group living to be worthwhile. Pre-moral sentiments evolved in primate societies as a method of restraining individual selfishness and building more cooperative groups. For any social species, the benefits of being part of an altruistic group should outweigh the benefits of individualism. For example, lack of group cohesion could make individuals more vulnerable to attack from outsiders. Being part of a group may also improve the chances of finding food. This is evident among animals that hunt in packs to take down large or dangerous prey. 
All social animals have hierarchical societies in which each member knows its own place. Social order is maintained by certain rules of expected behavior and dominant group members enforce order through punishment. However, higher order primates also have a sense of reciprocity and fairness. Chimpanzees remember who did them favors and who did them wrong. For example, chimpanzees are more likely to share food with individuals who have previously groomed them.
Chimpanzees live in fission-fusion groups that average 50 individuals. It is likely that early ancestors of humans lived in groups of similar size. Based on the size of extant hunter-gatherer societies, recent Paleolithic hominids lived in bands of a few hundred individuals. As community size increased over the course of human evolution, greater enforcement to achieve group cohesion would have been required. Morality may have evolved in these bands of 100 to 200 people as a means of social control, conflict resolution and group solidarity. According to Dr. de Waal, human morality has two extra levels of sophistication that are not found in primate societies. Humans enforce their society’s moral codes much more rigorously with rewards, punishments and reputation building. Humans also apply a degree of judgment and reason not otherwise seen in the animal kingdom.
Psychologist Matt J. Rossano argues that religion emerged after morality and built upon morality by expanding the social scrutiny of individual behavior to include supernatural agents. By including ever-watchful ancestors, spirits and gods in the social realm, humans discovered an effective strategy for restraining selfishness and building more cooperative groups. The adaptive value of religion would have enhanced group survival.
Rossano is referring here to collective religious belief and the social sanction that institutionalized morality. According to Rossano's teaching, individual religious belief is thus initially epistemological, not ethical, in nature.
Evolutionary psychology of religion.
There is general agreement among cognitive scientists that religion is an outgrowth of brain architecture that evolved early in human history. However, there is disagreement on the exact mechanisms that drove the evolution of the religious mind. The two main schools of thought hold that either religion evolved due to natural selection and has selective advantage, or that religion is an evolutionary byproduct of other mental adaptations. Stephen Jay Gould, for example, believed that religion was an exaptation or a spandrel, in other words that religion evolved as byproduct of psychological mechanisms that evolved for other reasons.
Such mechanisms may include the ability to infer the presence of organisms that might do harm (agent detection), the ability to come up with causal narratives for natural events (etiology), and the ability to recognize that other people have minds of their own with their own beliefs, desires and intentions (theory of mind). These three adaptations (among others) allow human beings to imagine purposeful agents behind many observations that could not readily be explained otherwise, e.g. thunder, lightning, movement of planets, complexity of life, etc. The emergence of collective religious belief identified the agents as deities that standardized the explanation.
Some scholars have suggested that religion is genetically "hardwired" into the human condition. One controversial hypothesis, the God gene hypothesis, states that some variants of a specific gene, the VMAT2 gene, predispose to spirituality.
Another view is based on the concept of the triune brain: the reptilian brain, the limbic system, and the neocortex, proposed by Paul D. MacLean. Collective religious belief draws upon the emotions of love, fear, and gregariousness and is deeply embedded in the limbic system through sociobiological conditioning and social sanction. Individual religious belief utilizes reason based in the neocortex and often varies from collective religion. The limbic system is much older in evolutionary terms than the neocortex and is, therefore, stronger than it much in the same way as the reptilian is stronger than both the limbic system and the neocortex. Reason is pre-empted by emotional drives. The religious feeling in a congregation is emotionally different from individual spirituality even though the congregation is composed of individuals. Belonging to a collective religion is culturally more important than individual spirituality though the two often go hand in hand. This is one of the reasons why religious debates are likely to be inconclusive.
Yet another view is that the behaviour of people who participate in a religion makes them feel better and this improves their fitness, so that there is a genetic selection in favor of people who are willing to believe in religion. Specifically, rituals, beliefs, and the social contact typical of religious groups may serve to calm the mind (for example by reducing ambiguity and the uncertainty due to complexity) and allow it to function better when under stress. This would allow religion to be used as a powerful survival mechanism, particularly in facilitating the evolution of hierarchies of warriors, which if true, may be why many modern religions tend to promote fertility and kinship.
Still another view is that human religion was a product of an increase in dopaminergic functions in the human brain and a general intellectual expansion beginning around 80 kya. Dopamine promotes an emphasis on distant space and time, which is critical for the establishment of religious experience. While the earliest shamanic cave paintings date back around 40 kya, the use of ochre for rock art predates this and there is clear evidence for abstract thinking along the coast of South Africa by 80 kya.
Prehistoric evidence of religion.
When humans first became religious remains unknown, but there is credible evidence of religious behavior from the Middle Paleolithic era (300–500 thousand years ago) and possibly earlier.
Paleolithic burials.
The earliest evidence of religious thought is based on the ritual treatment of the dead. Most animals display only a casual interest in the dead of their own species. Ritual burial thus represents a significant change in human behavior. Ritual burials represent an awareness of life and death and a possible belief in the afterlife. Philip Lieberman states "burials with grave goods clearly signify religious practices and concern for the dead that transcends daily life." 
The earliest evidence for treatment of the dead comes from Atapuerca in Spain. At this location the bones of 30 individuals believed to be Homo heidelbergensis have been found in a pit.
Neanderthals are also contenders for the first hominids to intentionally bury the dead. They may have placed corpses into shallow graves along with stone tools and animal bones. The presence of these grave goods may indicate an emotional connection with the deceased and possibly a belief in the afterlife. Neanderthal burial sites include Shanidar in Iraq and Krapina in Croatia and Kebara Cave in Israel. 
The earliest known burial of modern humans is from a cave in Israel located at Qafzeh. Human remains have been dated to 100,000 years ago. Human skeletons were found stained with red ochre. A variety of grave goods were found at the burial site. The mandible of a wild boar was found placed in the arms of one of the skeletons. Philip Lieberman states:
Matt Rossano suggests that the period in between 80,000–60,000 years after humans retreated from the Levant to Africa was a crucial period in the evolution of religion.
The use of symbolism.
The use of symbolism in religion is a universal established phenomenon. Archeologist Steven Mithen contends that it is common for religious practices to involve the creation of images and symbols to represent supernatural beings and ideas. Because supernatural beings violate the principles of the natural world, there will always be difficulty in communicating and sharing supernatural concepts with others. This problem can be overcome by anchoring these supernatural beings in material form through representational art. When translated into material form, supernatural concepts become easier to communicate and understand. Due to the association of art and religion, evidence of symbolism in the fossil record is indicative of a mind capable of religious thoughts. Art and symbolism demonstrates a capacity for abstract thought and imagination necessary to construct religious ideas. Wentzel van Huyssteen states that the translation of the non-visible through symbolism enabled early human ancestors to hold beliefs in abstract terms. 
Some of the earliest evidence of symbolic behavior is associated with Middle Stone Age sites in Africa. From at least 100,000 years ago, there is evidence of the use of pigments such as red ochre. Pigments are of little practical use to hunter gatherers, thus evidence of their use is interpreted as symbolic or for ritual purposes. Among extant hunter gatherer populations around the world, red ochre is still used extensively for ritual purposes. It has been argued that it is universal among human cultures for the color red to represent blood, sex, life and death.
The use of red ochre as a proxy for symbolism is often criticized as being too indirect. Some scientists, such as Richard Klein and Steven Mithen, only recognize unambiguous forms of art as representative of abstract ideas. Upper paleolithic cave art provides some of the most unambiguous evidence of religious thought from the paleolithic. Cave paintings at Chauvet depict creatures that are half human and half animal.
Origins of organized religion.
Organized religion traces its roots to the neolithic revolution that began 11,000 years ago in the Near East but may have occurred independently in several other locations around the world. The invention of agriculture transformed many human societies from a hunter-gatherer lifestyle to a sedentary lifestyle. The consequences of the neolithic revolution included a population explosion and an acceleration in the pace of technological development. The transition from foraging bands to states and empires precipitated more specialized and developed forms of religion that reflected the new social and political environment. While bands and small tribes possess supernatural beliefs, these beliefs do not serve to justify a central authority, justify transfer of wealth or maintain peace between unrelated individuals.
Organized religion emerged as a means of providing social and economic stability through the following ways:
The states born out of the Neolithic revolution, such as those of Ancient Egypt and Mesopotamia, were theocracies with chiefs, kings and emperors playing dual roles of political and spiritual leaders. Anthropologists have found that virtually all state societies and chiefdoms from around the world have been found to justify political power through divine authority. This suggests that political authority co-opts collective religious belief to bolster itself.
Invention of writing.
Following the neolithic revolution, the pace of technological development (cultural evolution) intensified due to the invention of writing 5000 years ago. Symbols that became words later on made effective communication of ideas possible. Printing invented only over a thousand years ago increased the speed of communication exponentially and became the main spring of cultural evolution. 
Writing is thought to have been first invented in either Sumeria or Ancient Egypt and was initially used for accounting. Soon after, writing was used to record myth. The first religious texts mark the beginning of religious history. The Pyramid Texts from ancient Egypt are one of the oldest known religious texts in the world, dating to between 2400–2300 BCE. Writing played a major role in sustaining and spreading organized religion. In pre-literate societies, religious ideas were based on an oral tradition, the contents of which were articulated by shamans and remained limited to the collective memories of the society's inhabitants. With the advent of writing, information that was not easy to remember could easily be stored in sacred texts that were maintained by a select group (clergy). Humans could store and process large amounts of information with writing that otherwise would have been forgotten. Writing therefore enabled religions to develop coherent and comprehensive doctrinal systems that remained independent of time and place.
Writing also brought a measure of objectivity to human knowledge. Formulation of thoughts in words and the requirement for validation made mutual exchange of ideas and the sifting of generally acceptable from not acceptable ideas possible. The generally acceptable ideas became objective knowledge reflecting the continuously evolving framework of human awareness of reality that Karl Popper calls 'verisimilitude' – a stage on the human journey to truth.

</doc>
<doc id="19011816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011816" title="Robert Snyder">
Robert Snyder

Robert Snyder may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19011821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011821" title="Wabash Avenue (Baltimore, Maryland)">
Wabash Avenue (Baltimore, Maryland)

Wabash Avenue is a six-lane boulevard in northwest Baltimore, Maryland, that runs from Patterson Avenue to Hilton Street, mostly through the Arlington community, crossing over Northern Parkway and Cold Spring Lane along the way. The road starts near the Reisterstown Plaza Metro Subway Station and continues to just past the West Coldspring Metro Subway Station, where it narrows and becomes a one-way pair with Dorithan Road, which ends several blocks later at Hilton Street.
Wabash Avenue actually begins as a stub near the Reisterstown Road Plaza. The stub exists where a longer road was intended as part of the original plans of Interstate 795. This portion of I-795, which would have run through historic Sudbrook Park before reaching the city, was fought and ultimately cancelled as a result of complaints from Sudbrook Park residents. This led to the cancellation of all parts of I-795 within the city. Still, the road was constructed as a Boulevard, and the Metro Subway was constructed along an overhead track directly parallel to the road. Three stations of the Metro system (Reisterstown Plaza, Rogers Avenue and West Coldspring) are located along Wabash Avenue.
A second street, which also carries the Wabash Avenue name, branches north off Liberty Heights Avenue near Mondawmin Mall before coming to a dead end at an apartment complex situated near the Metro tracks south of the West Coldspring Station; it does not connect to the other Wabash Avenue. South of Liberty Heights Avenue, the road continues as Dukeland Street.
Continuations.
After Wabash Avenue ends, it leads to the following roads:
Hilton Street.
Hilton Street is a mostly two-lane road that runs north-south for through West Baltimore, mostly through the neighborhood of Ashburton.
A -long portion of this road that runs through Leakin Park is known as Hilton Parkway. Hilton Parkway is a four-lane road from North Avenue to Edmondson Avenue, where there is an exit ramp. In 1990, a concrete barrier was installed in the median of Hilton Parkway due to a series of fatal accidents that had occurred.
Caton Avenue.
Hilton Street, after passing Frederick Road/Frederick Avenue, becomes Caton Avenue, which continues in a north-south direction for . Caton Avenue is exit 50 off Interstate 95.
The portion of Caton Avenue from Wilkens Avenue to Washington Boulevard is a part of US-1.
St. Agnes Hospital is located at the corner of Caton Avenue and Wilkens Avenue.
Patapsco Avenue.
Patapsco Avenue is a , mostly six-lane road that runs from Washington Boulevard to a dead end in Fairfield shortly after Fairfield Road. The road has few landmarks and is mostly used for through traffic.
One of the stops of the Baltimore Light Rail known as the Patapsco Light Rail Stop is located on Patapsco Avenue. This location is also a hub for several Maryland Transit Administration bus lines.

</doc>
<doc id="19011846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011846" title="Deerfield Square">
Deerfield Square

Deerfield Square is an upscale lifestyle center shopping area located in Deerfield, Illinois. The center was the first of its kind in the area, but now faces more competition. Major retailers in the mall include Ann Taylor LOFT, Barnes & Noble, White House Black Market, and Whole Foods Market.
History.
Deerfield Square was redeveloped from the former Deerfield Commons shopping center, originally built in the 1950s. This redevelopment began in 1998. The development was spearheaded by Northbrook developer Chuck Malk, who owned Deerfield Commons. Construction began in late 1998 and was completed in 2000. Deerfield Square has a retail area and a office space.
Deerfield square is located in Deerfield, IL (60015).
Shops in Deerfield Square.
Shops in Deerfield Square include:

</doc>
<doc id="19011847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011847" title="USS Mispillion (AO-105)">
USS Mispillion (AO-105)

USS "Mispillion" (AO-105) was an that served in the United States Navy from 1945 to 1974. She was then transferred to the Military Sealift Command to continue in non-commissioned service as United States Naval Ship USNS "Mispillion" (T-AO-105), in which capacity she served until 1994. Thus far, "Mispillion" has been the only U.S. Navy ship to bear the name.
Construction and commissioning.
"Mispillion" was laid down under Maritime Commission contract on 14 February 1945 by Sun Shipbuilding and Drydock Company, Chester, Pennsylvania. She was launched on 10 August 1945, sponsored by Mrs. C. E. Feddeman, acquired by the United States Navy from the Maritime Commission on 30 November 1945, and commissioned on 29 December 1945, Commander R. E. Wingler in command.
Operational history, 1946–1965.
"Mispillion" joined Service Force, Pacific, on 6 April 1946. Between then and 1950, she alternated on station tanker duty between Tsingtao, China; Shanghai, China; Subic Bay, Philippines; and Eniwetok, with shuttle runs between the oil port of Bahrain in the Persian Gulf and various ports in Japan, China, the Philippines, the Marshall Islands, and the Mariana Islands. As station tanker at Eniwetok in 1948, she took part in Operation Sandstone, an atomic bomb test. In 1949 she performed cold-weather operations off the Territory of Alaska.
With the outbreak of the Korean War, "Mispillion" joined Task Force 90. During her first combat tour she provided logistic support for the huge invasion force that landed United Nations forces at Inchon on 15 September 1950, then rounded the Korean Peninsula to support the forces operating in the Wonsan area. After a brief respite on the United States West Coast in the autumn of 1951, she returned in November 1951 for a second combat tour. She continued to support United Nations naval forces as they enforced a continuous blockade of the North Korean coast, rendered gunfire support to United Nations ground forces, and bombarded Communist supply areas, troop concentrations, and transportation centers.
Operating in both the Yellow Sea and the Sea of Japan, "Mispillion" also supported the aircraft carriers of Task Force 77, providing aviation gasoline and fuel oil for the ships. Returning to the United States West Coast in August 1952, she got underway again in September 1952 for another nine-month Western Pacific tour with the United States Seventh Fleet. Although she operated primarily in the Korean combat area during each of the above tours, she spent at least one month each time as a station tanker at Kaohsiung, Taiwan, supporting the Taiwan Straits patrol. "Mispillion" received eight battle stars for her Korean War service. 
Between 1953 and 1964 "Mispillion" alternated Western Pacific and United States West Coast duty with yard periods in between. Participating in various exercises, she joined in Operation Redwing, her second atomic bomb test, in the Marshall Islands in 1956.
"Jumboization", 1965–1966.
On 16 April 1965 "Mispillion" was placed in commission in reserve as she prepared for a prolonged "jumboization" conversion and overhaul, begun at Toldeo, Ohio, in April 1965, and completed at Boston, Massachusetts, in August 1966. With an increased capacity of over , an added length of almost 100 feet (30 m), and over 50 additional crew members, in addition to modern equipment, "Mispillion" departed Boston on 6 September 1966 to return to her home port at Long Beach, California.
Operational history, 1967–1994.
In April 1967 "Mispillion" got underway for her first Western Pacific deployment since 1964. Arriving at Subic Bay, Philippine Islands, on 22 April 1967, she began a seven-month cruise refueling aircraft carriers and gunfire support ships of the Seventh Fleet operating in the Vietnam area during the Vietnam War. Servicing in particular the ships of Yankee Station, she transferred over of fuel before returning to Long Beach on 30 November 1967. Cruising United States West Coast and Hawaiian waters for the next five months, she conducted coastal operations and exercises in preparation for departing on 11 May 1968 to serve with the Seventh Fleet through the remainder of 1968.
"Mispillion" was decommissioned on 26 July 1974 and transferred to the Military Sealift Command, where she continued in non-commissioned U.S. Navy service with a civilian crew as United States Naval Ship USNS "Mispillion" (T-AO-105), entering service as such in 1975.
On 10 January 1982, during a routine fuel transfer in the Indian Ocean, "Mispillion" collided with the United States Navy-contracted tanker "Texas Trader". Both ships suffered minor damage, but no injuries were reported.
"Mispillion" continued to serve with the MSC until 1994. She was struck from the Naval Register on 15 February 1995 and her title was transferred to the United States Maritime Administration (MARAD) on 1 May 1999 for lay-up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Suisun Bay, Benicia, California. 
Disposal.
"Mispillion" was sold for scrapping in early December 2011 and in early January 2012 was moved to Mare Island Naval Shipyard in Vallejo, California, where she was placed in drydock to be prepared for her last voyage to the scrapyard in Brownsville, Texas. She began her voyage to Brownsville on 27 January 2012, and transited the Panama Canal from the Pacific Ocean to the Caribbean Sea between 21 and 22 February 2012. On 4 March 2012, she arrived at ESCO Marine in Brownsville to be scrapped. She was 67 years old, had the longest life overall and longest working life of any "Cimarron"-class oiler, and was the last World War II-built oiler in existence.

</doc>
<doc id="19011853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011853" title="The Everything Card">
The Everything Card

The First National City Charge Service, marketed as The Everything Card, was an early credit card introduced by First National City Bank (now Citibank) in the eastern United States in 1967. It was intended as a response to the BankAmericard (today's Visa card), issued by BankAmerica. 
Issued under the initiative of National City Bank President Walter B. Wriston, the card followed the bank's purchase of an interest in the Carte Blanche charge card. However, the card proved to be limited by its regional scope, as it was tied to the area surrounding the bank's New York base of operations. 
In 1969, the card was absorbed into Master Charge (now known as MasterCard), another card that had been developed by a membership association of four banks, the Interbank Card Association, which National City Bank joined.
Citibank, as National City Bank came to be known in 1976, made a further attempt in 1977 to create a proprietary credit card that was not tied to either Master Charge or Visa. The Choice card was, like the Everything Card, a regional credit card issued only by Citibank. It also proved unsuccessful, and its cards were reissued as Visa cards in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19011911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011911" title="98127 Vilgusová">
98127 Vilgusová

98127 Vilgusová (2000 SP24) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on September 24, 2000 by Petr Pravec and Lenka Šarounová at Ondřejov. It was named in August 2008 after Hedvika Vilgusová, a Czech painter and illustrator of books for children.

</doc>
<doc id="19011915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011915" title="Rinyo">
Rinyo

Rinyo was a Neolithic settlement on the island of Rousay in Orkney, Scotland. The site was discovered in the winter of 1837-38 on the lands of Bigland Farm in the north east of the island at . It was excavated in 1938 and 1946 by Vere Gordon Childe, (who is perhaps best known for his excavation of Skara Brae on Mainland Orkney) and by W. G. Grant. Finds included flint implements, stone axes and balls, pottery and a stone mace-head.
Over 100 archaeological sites have been identified on Rousay, the best known being the complex of Midhowe Broch and Midhowe Chambered Cairn.

</doc>
<doc id="19011916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011916" title="Uncial 073">
Uncial 073

Uncial 073 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 7 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 6th century.
Description.
Too the present day survived only one leaf of the codex (28 cm by 23 cm). From the same manuscript as 084 (one leaf), ε 24 (von Soden). The text is written in two columns per page, 34 lines per page. There are a few traces of punctuation.
The leaf has survived in a poor condition.
The codex 073 contains a part of the Gospel of Matthew (14:28-31), the codex 084 contains Matthew 14:19-27; 15:2-8.
It has a reference to the Gospel of Mark at the bottom and the number 65 shew that the scribe is giving a number of the Eusebian Canons for the 148 section in Matthew and Mark only.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type with some alien readings. Aland placed it in Category II.
In Matthew 14:30 the word ισχυρον is omitted.
History.
Rendel Harris dated the manuscript to the 5th century. Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
It was found by Rendel Harris, who edited its text. The codex 073 is located now in Saint Catherine's Monastery in the Sinai Peninsula (Sinai Harris 7), and the codex 084 in the Russian National Library (Gr. 277, 1f) in Saint Petersburg. 
The text of 073 was collated by Rendel Harris.

</doc>
<doc id="19011932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011932" title="Midland Terminal Railroad Roundhouse">
Midland Terminal Railroad Roundhouse

The Midland Terminal Railroad Roundhouse is a historic 14 stall railroad roundhouse in Colorado Springs, Colorado, located on US Highway 24 at 21st street. It is between Manitou Springs and the central business district of Colorado Springs. The building was constructed and operated by the Colorado Midland Railroad which was founded in 1883 but the roundhouse dates from 1887-88. It was located in Colorado City until 1917, when Colorado City became part of Colorado Springs. Due to the WWI Railroad War Board rerouting of Colorado Midland traffic to the Denver and Rio Grande Western, the CM shutdown in 1917 and went into bankruptcy in 1918. The roundhouse was then owned and operated by the Midland Terminal Railway which purchased the Colorado Midland portion from Colorado Springs to Divide, Colorado in 1921. The MT shut down in 1949.
Van Briggle Pottery purchased the roundhouse in the 1955 and renovated the building with interior partitions, office space and pottery plant. They called it their Midland Plant. Van Briggle prospered at the location for over 50 years until they moved to a new location in November 2008. The size of the roundhouse has become a burden on the business and the owners wanted to downsize. They reopened at 1024 S. Tejon Street in May 2009
The roundhouse was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
The roundhouse was sold to local developer Griffis/Blessing who gutted the building to its original stone walls and wood timber frame and renovated the building at a cost of $2.5 million into an upscale retail center. The renovation included glass windows framed by the original track door openings. In May 2009 Carmichael Training Systems, the coach for Lance Armstrong, moved into the renovated roundhouse. Included in their facility is Endurance Sports Club, a training facility. They occupy about 10,500 square feet of the 38,000-square-foot building.
In February 2012 construction began for Colorado Mountain Brewery to open their second location in the roundhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="19011933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011933" title="Roman Romkowski">
Roman Romkowski

Roman Romkowski born '"Natan Grünspau name="T-P">Tadeusz Piotrowski, [http://books.google.com/books?id=A4FlatJCro4C&pg=PA60&dq=%221.+General+Roman+Romkowski%22&hl=en&ei=EsPvTJrzGoP88AaqoKTVDA&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=1&ved=0CCYQ6AEwAA#v=onepage&q=%221.%20General%20Roman%20Romkowski%22&f=false "Poland's holocaust". Page 60 McFarland, 1998. ISBN 0-7864-0371-3. 437 pages.</ref> (May 22, 1907 – July 1, 1965) was a communist official of Jewish background trained by Comintern in Moscow, who changed his name and settled into Warsaw after the Soviet takeover, and became second in command (the deputy minister) in Berman's Ministry of Public Security (MBP) during the late 1940s and early 1950s. Along with several other high functionaries including Dir. Anatol Fejgin, Col. Józef Różański, Dir. Julia Brystiger and the chief supervisor of Polish State Security Services, Minister Jakub Berman from the Politburo, Romkowski came to symbolize communist terror in postwar Poland. He was responsible for the work of departments: Counter-espionage (1st), Espionage (7th), Security in the (10th Dept. run by Fejgin), and others.
Arrest.
Romkowski was arrested on April 23, 1956, during the socialist Polish October revolution, and brought to trial along with functionaries responsible for gross violations of human rights law and their abuse of power. Historian Heather Laskey alleges that it was probably not a coincidence that the high ranking Stalinist security officers put on trial by Gomułka were Władysław Gomułka was captured by Światło and imprisoned by Romkowski in 1951 on Soviet orders, and interrogated by both, him and Fejgin. Gomułka escaped physical torture only as a close associate of Joseph Stalin, and was released three years later.
The court proceedings.
At trial, Col. Różański didn't deny that he routinely tortured prisoners including Polish United Workers' Party members, and he didn't apologize for his actions. Instead, he pointed a finger at Romkowski and continuously repeated the Leninist argument of justification of any means to an end. For him, torturing people was a daily double-shift job, nothing more, nothing less. He admitted that all charges against his victims were falsified on site by his department. 
Roman Romkowski had been put on trial along with Józef Różański and a second Jewish defendant from his department, Anatol Fejgin. Romkowski insisted that Różański should have been removed already in 1949 for his destructive activities, even though, Romkowski himself taught Różański everything about torture. Both, Romkowski and Różański, were sentenced to 15 years in prison on 11 November 1957, for unlawful imprisonment and mistreatment of innocent detainees. Feign was sentenced to 12 years, on similar charges. 
A well-known writer Kazimierz Moczarski from AK, interrogated by Romkowski's subordinates from January 9, 1949 till June 6, 1951, described 49 different types of torture he endured. Beatings included truncheon blows to bridge of nose, salivary glands, chin, shoulder blades, bare feet and toes (particularly painful), heels (ten blows each foot, several times a day), cigarette burns on lips and eyelids and burning of fingers. Sleep deprivation, resulting in near-madness – meant standing upright in a narrow cell for seven to nine days with frequent blows to the face – a halucinatory method called by the interrogators "Zakopane". General Romkowski told him on November 30, 1948, that he personally requested this "sheer hell".
The court announced that the actions of Roman Romkowski and his Ministry demoralised the Party as much as its own functionaries. Jakub Berman, the chief supervisor of State Security Services incriminated by Józef Światło who defected to the West, resigned from his Politburo post in May and was evaluated by the 20th Congress, which launched a process of partial democratisation of Polish political as well as economic life. The number of security agents at the ministry was cut by 22%, and 9,000 socialist and populist politicians were released from prison on top of some 34,644 detainees across the country. "The routing of the Polish Stalinists was indeed complete."

</doc>
<doc id="19011935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011935" title="Index of French Polynesia-related articles">
Index of French Polynesia-related articles

This page list topics related to French Polynesia.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19011948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011948" title="Love at Large">
Love at Large

Love at Large is a 1990 American romance and mystery film directed by Alan Rudolph and starring Tom Berenger, Elizabeth Perkins and Anne Archer.
Plot.
Set in a present that feels more like the past, Harry Dobbs is a private detective surrounded by mysterious and dangerous dames. Among them is his angry girlfriend, Doris, and the suspicious women he encounters on his latest case.
In a nightclub, the sultry Miss Dolan hires the private eye to follow her lover, Rick, who might be trying to kill her. The trail takes Harry to women like Mrs. King and Mrs. McGraw, who apparently are wed to the same man.
A female investigator named Stella Wynkowski turns up. Harry teams up with her, never entirely certain whether she is friend or foe.

</doc>
<doc id="19011949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19011949" title="Anne van Schothorst">
Anne van Schothorst

Anne van Schothorst (born July 9, 1974 in Emmen, Drenthe) is a Dutch harpist and composer.
She plays the pedal harp, celtic harp and historical harps as well; an antique Erard harp (double action) and a Schwieso Grosjean (single action). 
The Canadian composer Jean Chatillon has dedicated to her a composition for harp solo. Van Schothorst composed her first music piece, Still life at age 15. The composition is originally written for harp and flute and later arranged for harp solo.
Van Schothorst is producing CDs and DVDs for her indy label Harp and Soul Productions. She is also responsible for the compositions and film recordings of these productions. She has been assigned also for composition projects.
The composition Streetlife has been selected from many submissions for the 60x60 project 2006-2007 of composer and musician Robert Voisey.
Several compositions could be heard on (inter)national radio stations and podcasts. Radio Indy has honored Van Schothorst with the Gold Artist award for the CD I am a dreamer.
She participates with poets, musicians and composers. With the Swedish composer Goran Jonasson, the English singer Sharon Selman, the American flutist Cathy Feldman and Swedish pianist Morgan Martinsson she is creating the CD Pink Anacondas. They work and participate together via internet/ myspace.
Style.
The compositions are related to minimal music; influences of composers as Philip Glass and Yann Tiersen can be heard in her work.
The compositions of the CD Aarden (2007) can be characterised as meditative and even mystical and are being compared with a mantra. The music is acoustical and instrumental. 
Her improvisation techniques (CD I am a dreamer, 2008) are influenced by jazz music, classical music and the celtic music tradition.
The addition of soundscapes and spoken poetry to her recordings are a part of her work method too. 
Van Schothorst adds also film as an addition to her compositions. The artistic images are photografical taken or post processed with filters.

</doc>
