<doc id="18834635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834635" title="Maggie Keenan-Bolger">
Maggie Keenan-Bolger

Margaret "Maggie" Keenan-Bolger (born December 2, 1983, Detroit, Michigan) is an American actress, singer, playwright, applied theatre practitioner and sex educator. She is the sister of Tony Award nominee Celia Keenan-Bolger and Broadway actor Andrew Keenan-Bolger. 
She appeared as a munchkin in the Madison Square Garden production of the Wizard of Oz as a very young child opposite Roseanne Barr. She has credits in the national tours of "The Will Rogers Follies" and "The Music Man" as well as numerous regional credits and college productions at Oberlin College where she graduated from in 2006 with a BA in Theatre and Gender & Woman's Studies with a minor in Comparative American Studies. In 2008, she performed in a special cabaret alongside her two sibling entitled "(Keenan-Bolger)³", the first time all three Keenan-Bolgers had performed together on stage in 15 years, to a sold out house. 
As a playwright she created and wrote the play "From the Inside, Out" about her own experiences as a self injurer and other stories about "cutting" from hundreds of people whom Keenan-Bolger personally interviewed. Produced by 4th Meal Productions, it was originally performed at Oberlin College and also played at the noted New York International Fringe Festival in August 2008. 
In 2010 she graduated from CUNY's Applied Theatre graduate school program using theater to educate, activate and facilitate. While there, she produced, directed and performed in "Her Train Of Thought", a devised theatrical project exploring issues of women's experiences in public space. Other works include "Not Just Another Coming Out Story" and "Queering History".
Currently, she is working as a sex educator and teaching artist while working towards her MFA in Interdisciplinary Arts at Goddard College where her focus is Political Theatre, LGBTQIA and Feminist Studies. She resides in Manhattan and works at a number of theatre in education non-profits. 

</doc>
<doc id="18834641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834641" title="Margaret Pedler">
Margaret Pedler

Margaret Pedler (died 28 December 1948) was a British novelist, who wrote popular works of romantic fiction.
Biography.
Initially Pedler studied piano and singing at the Royal Academy of Music, and published several songs for which she wrote both the music and lyrics. Over her career as a best-selling writer, from 1917 to 1947, she produced 28 novels.

</doc>
<doc id="18834643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834643" title="Symphony No. 20 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 20 (Haydn)

The Symphony No. 20 in C major (Hoboken I/20) is a festive symphony by Joseph Haydn. Hodgson places the composition date in either 1761 or 1762 while Brown states that it was likely composed before 1761.
It is scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, 2 trumpets, timpani, strings and continuo. The symphony is in four movements:
The winds are silent in the serenade-like second movement with the melody in the first violins, broken chords in the second violins and a pizzicato bassline. 

</doc>
<doc id="18834650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834650" title="Viva la Mañana">
Viva la Mañana

Viva la Mañana (Long Live the Morning) is a Spanish-language morning talk show, that is transmitted through channels 2 and 4 on the Salvadoran television network "Telecorporación Salvadoreña" (TCS). The program is transmitted Monday through Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. Hosted by Gina Salazar, Luciana Sandoval, Linette, Daniel Rucks and Gerardo Parker.
History.
The program was first broadcast on July 18, 2004. Viva la Mañana was created as part of a plan of expansion in the national production area of "Telecorporación Salvadoreña".

</doc>
<doc id="18834669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834669" title="Miguel Ángel Juárez Celman">
Miguel Ángel Juárez Celman

Miguel Angel Juárez Celman (Córdoba, September 29, 1844 – Arrecifes, April 14, 1909) was President of Argentina from 12 October 1886 to 6 August 1890. A lawyer and politician, his career was defined by the influence of his kinsman, Julio Argentino Roca, whom propelled him into a legislative career. He was a staunch promoter of separation of church and state and an aristocratic liberal.
As president of Argentina, he promoted public works, but was not capable of maintaining economic stability and had to contend with the powerful opposition of the Civic Union Party, and his leader Leandro N. Alem. After the Revolución del Parque even though having defeated the uprising, he was forced to resign and retired from political life.
Youth.
Juárez Celman was born and raised in Córdoba, where he studied under the Jesuits at the Colegio de Montserrat. He studied Law, becoming a lawyer in 1869. In 1867, he became an active Freemason. Thanks to his family connections, he came from an aristocratic family, he entered political life early. He was elected Representative just after obtaining his doctorate and from the provincial parliament he headed the movement to promote the secularization of education. Two years later he was elected to the Senate of Argentina and in 1877 became its president. He spent little time as president as after the death of Governor Climaco de la Peña, the new Government of Antonio Del Viso nominated him as Government Minister. His energetic work earned him the nomination and election as Governor of Córdoba on May 17, 1880
Governor.
He was Governor-elect when there was an insurrection in Buenos Aires, led by Carlos Tejedor and Lisandro Olmos, opposed to the federalization of Buenos Aires. The federalization succeeded in 1880 and was followed by the establishment of state elementary education in the capital during the presidency of Julio A. Roca.
President.
Having become a national Senator in 1883 and becoming close to President Roca, he obtained his support in his bid to become candidate for president for the National Autonomist Party (PAN). He won the 1886 national election, not without accusations of fraud, which was not uncommon in the PAN. His Vice-President was Carlos Pellegrini, ex-War Minister under Roca, who had supported his candidacy from the pages of the "Sud América" newspaper.
His presidency was marked by a degree of paranoia. An 1890 rugby match in Buenos Aires resulted in both teams, and all 2,500 spectators being arrested. Juárez Celman was particularly vigilant after the Revolution of the Park in the city earlier in the year, and the police had suspected that the match was in fact a political meeting.
Most observers expected Juárez Celman's administration to be a continuation of Roca's with the retired president managing from behind the scenes, but in a display of independence, he took control of the PAN with in a more authoritative form becoming what his opponents dubbed the "unicato" (one-man rule). This, combined with economic regression, led to the formation of the Civic Union, an opposition group that was later split into the National Civic Union and the Radical Civic Union, the latter being still important in Argentinian politics. In 1890, a revolution forced Juárez to resign, and Vice-President Carlos Pellegrini, succeeded him.

</doc>
<doc id="18834674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834674" title="Erection">
Erection

An erection (clinically: penile erection or penile tumescence) is a physiological phenomenon of the male genitalia of many species, in which the penis becomes firmer, engorged and enlarged. Penile erection is the result of a complex interaction of psychological, neural, vascular and endocrine factors, and is often associated with sexual arousal or sexual attraction, although erections can also be spontaneous. The shape, angle and direction of an erection varies considerably in humans.
Physiologically, erection is triggered by the parasympathetic division of the autonomic nervous system (ANS), causing nitric oxide (a vasodilator) levels to rise in the trabecular arteries and smooth muscle of the penis. The arteries dilate causing the corpora cavernosa of the penis (and to a lesser extent the corpora spongiosum) to fill with blood; simultaneously the ischiocavernosus and bulbospongiosus muscles compress the veins of the corpora cavernosa restricting the egress and circulation of this blood. Erection subsides when parasympathetic activity reduces to baseline.
As an autonomic response, erection may result from a variety of stimuli, including sexual stimulation and sexual arousal, and is therefore not entirely under conscious control. Erections during sleep or upon waking up are known as nocturnal penile tumescence (NPT). Absence of nocturnal erection is commonly used to distinguish between physical and psychological causes of erectile dysfunction and impotence.
A penis which is partly, but not fully, erect is sometimes known as a semi-erection (clinically: partial tumescence); a penis which is not erect is typically referred to as being flaccid, or soft.
Physiology.
An erection occurs when two tubular structures, called the corpora cavernosa, that run the length of the penis, become engorged with venous blood. This may result from any of various physiological stimuli, also known as sexual stimulation and sexual arousal. The corpus spongiosum is a single tubular structure located just below the corpora cavernosa, which contains the urethra, through which urine and semen pass during urination and ejaculation respectively. This may also become slightly engorged with blood, but less so than the corpora cavernosa.
Autonomic control.
In the presence of mechanical stimulation, erection is initiated by the parasympathetic division of the autonomic nervous system (ANS) with minimal input from the central nervous system. Parasympathetic branches extend from the sacral plexus into the arteries supplying the erectile tissue; upon stimulation, these nerve branches release acetylcholine, which, in turn causes release of nitric oxide from endothelial cells in the trabecular arteries. Nitric oxide diffuses to the smooth muscle of the arteries (called "trabecular smooth muscle"), acting as a vasodilating agent. The arteries dilate, filling the "corpora spongiosum" and "cavernosa" with blood. The ischiocavernosus and bulbospongiosus muscles also compress the veins of the corpora cavernosa, limiting the venous drainage of blood. Erection subsides when parasympathetic stimulation is discontinued; baseline stimulation from the sympathetic division of the ANS causes constriction of the penile arteries, forcing blood out of the erectile tissue.
After ejaculation or cessation of stimulation, erection usually subsides, but the time taken may vary depending on the length and thickness of the penis.
Voluntary and involuntary control.
The cerebral cortex can initiate erection in the absence of direct mechanical stimulation (in response to visual, auditory, olfactory, imagined, or tactile stimuli) acting through erectile centers in the lumbar and sacral regions of the spinal cord. The cortex can suppress erection even in the presence of mechanical stimulation, as can other psychological, emotional, and environmental factors.
Nocturnal erection.
The penis may erect during sleep or be erect on waking up. Such an erection is medically known as nocturnal penile tumescence (informally: "morning wood" or "morning glory").
Socio-sexual aspects.
Erection is a common indicator of sexual arousal and is required for a male to effect vaginal penetration and sexual intercourse. The scrotum may, but not always, become tightened during erection. Generally, the foreskin automatically and gradually retracts, exposing the glans, though some men may have to manually retract their foreskin.
After reaching puberty, erections occur much more frequently. Male erections are common for children and infants, and even occur before birth.
Spontaneous or random erections.
Spontaneous erection, also known as involuntary, random or unwanted erection, is commonplace and a normal part of male physiology. Socially, such erections can be embarrassing if they happen in public or when undesired. Erections can occur spontaneously at any time of day, and if clothed may cause a bulge which (if required) can be disguised or hidden by wearing close-fitting underwear, a long shirt, or baggier clothes.
Size.
The length of the flaccid penis does not necessarily correspond to the length of the penis when it becomes erect; some smaller flaccid penises grow much longer, while some larger flaccid penises grow comparatively less.
Generally, the size of an erect penis is fixed throughout post-pubescent life. Its size may be increased by surgery, although penile enlargement is controversial, and a majority of men were "not satisfied" with the results, according to one study.
Direction.
Although many erect penises point upwards, it is common and normal for the erect penis to point nearly vertically upwards or nearly vertically downwards or even horizontally straight forward, all depending on the tension of the suspensory ligament that holds it in position. An erect penis can also take on a number of different shapes, ranging from a straight tube to a tube with a curvature up or down or to the left or right. An increase in penile curvature can be caused by Peyronie's disease. This may cause physical and psychological effects for the affected individual, which could include erectile dysfunction or pain during an erection. Treatments include oral medication (such as colchicine) or surgery, which is most often reserved as a last resort.
The following table shows how common various erection angles are for a standing male. In the table, zero degrees (0°) is pointing straight up against the abdomen, 90 degrees is horizontal and pointing straight forward, while 180 degrees would be pointing straight down to the feet. An upward pointing angle is most common.
Medical conditions.
Erectile dysfunction.
Erectile dysfunction (also known as ED or "(male) impotence") is a sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop and/or maintain an erection. The study of erectile dysfunction within medicine is known as andrology, a sub-field within urology.
Erectile dysfunction can occur due to both physiological and psychological reasons, most of which are amenable to treatment. Common physiological reasons include diabetes, kidney disease, chronic alcoholism, multiple sclerosis, atherosclerosis, vascular disease, and neurologic disease which collectively account for about 70 percent of ED cases. Some drugs used to treat other conditions, such as lithium and paroxetine, may cause erectile dysfunction.
Erectile dysfunction, tied closely as it is to cultural notions of potency, success and masculinity, can have devastating psychological consequences including feelings of shame, loss or inadequacy; There is a strong culture of silence and inability to discuss the matter. In fact, around one in ten men will experience recurring impotence problems at some point in their lives.
Priapism.
Priapism is a medical condition which could possibly be painful, and is a prolonged erection at least four hours long, which does not return to its flaccid state, despite the absence of both physical and psychological stimulation.
In non-human animals.
At the time of penetration, the canine penis is not erect, and only able to penetrate the female because it includes a narrow bone called the baculum, a feature of most placental mammals. After the male achieves penetration, he will often hold the female tighter and thrust faster, and it is during this time that the male's penis expands. Unlike human sexual intercourse, where the male penis commonly becomes erect before entering the female, canine copulation involves the male first penetrating the female, after which swelling of the penis to erection occurs.
An elephant's penis is S-shaped when fully erect and has a Y-shaped orifice.
Given the small amount of erectile tissue in a bull's penis, there is little enlargement after erection. The penis is quite rigid when non-erect, and becomes even more rigid during erection. Protrusion is not affected much by erection, but more by relaxation of the retractor penis muscle and straightening of the sigmoid flexure.
A male fossa's penis reaches to between his forelegs when erect.
When not erect, a horse's penis is housed within the prepuce, long and in diameter with the distal end . The retractor muscle contracts to retract the penis into the sheath and relaxes to allow the penis to extend from the sheath. When erect, the penis doubles in length and thickness and the glans increases by 3 to . Erection and protrusion take place gradually, by the increasing tumescence of the erectile vascular tissue in the "corpus cavernosum penis". Most stallions achieve erection within 2 minutes of contact with an estrus mare, and mount the estrus mare 5–10 seconds afterward.
A bird penis is different in structure from mammal penises, being an erectile expansion of the cloacal wall and being erected by lymph, not blood. The penis of the lake duck can reach about the same length as the animal himself when fully erect, but more commonly is about half the bird's length.
Terminology.
Clinically, erection is often known as "penile erection", and the state of being erect, and process of erection, are described as "tumescence" or "penile tumescence". The term for the subsiding or cessation of an erection is "detumescence".
Colloquially and in slang, erection is known by many informal terms. Commonly encountered English terms include 'stiffy', 'hard-on', 'boner' and 'woody'. There are several slang words, euphemisms and synonyoms for an erection in English and in other languages. See for a list of alternative terms.

</doc>
<doc id="18834692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834692" title="Gülablı">
Gülablı

Gülablı (, also spelled Gyulably and Gyulaply) or Vazgenashen () is a village in the province of Martuni in the "de facto" independent Nagorno-Karabakh Republic and a "de jure" part of the Agdam Rayon of the Republic of Azerbaijan. Its population as of 2005 stood at 226.
Drone shootdown.
On September 12, 2011, an UAV was reportedly shot down by the air defense arm of the Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army (NKDA) over the airspace of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic, near Vazgenashen, previously known as Gulably. Preliminary investigations carried out by the NKDA have determined the model to be a Hermes 450 type. 
The Azerbaijani Ministry of Defense initially denied losing any drones. But several days later the state news agency APA, citing a Turkish tabloid newspaper, came out with an elaborate explanation that the UAV was supposedly operated by Israel and making reconnaissance flights from Armenia to spy on Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="18834694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834694" title="Bağbanlar, Agdam">
Bağbanlar, Agdam

Bağbanlar (, also Bagbanlar, Baghbanlar, and Bagmanlar) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18834696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834696" title="Mərzili">
Mərzili

Mərzili (also, Merzili and Mirasali) is a village and municipality in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,231. 

</doc>
<doc id="18834698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834698" title="İsmayıbəylı">
İsmayıbəylı

İsmayıbəylı (also, Ismailbeyli) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18834701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834701" title="Muğanlı, Agdam">
Muğanlı, Agdam

Muğanlı (also, Muganly) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18834706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834706" title="Saybalı">
Saybalı

Saybalı (, also, Saybaly) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18834707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834707" title="Şelli">
Şelli

Şelli (also, Shelli and Shelly) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18834711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834711" title="Qasımlı, Agdam">
Qasımlı, Agdam

Qasımlı (, , also Ghasymly, Kasymly) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18834723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834723" title="Qasımlı">
Qasımlı

Qasımlı or Kasymly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18834729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834729" title="Superman and Spider-Man">
Superman and Spider-Man

Superman and Spider-Man is an intercompany comic book jointly published by DC Comics and Marvel Comics in July 1981. Number 28 (and final) in the "Marvel Treasury Edition" series, it is the "sequel" to 1976's "Superman vs. the Amazing Spider-Man".
Publication history.
"Superman vs. the Amazing Spider-Man" was very much a collaboration between the two companies; this second treasury-sized edition was largely the work of Marvel, with DC's approval. The first team-up featured the heroes' most popular enemies, Lex Luthor and Doctor Octopus, but with this story writer Jim Shooter clearly sought plot convenience over "rogues gallery" prominence, and chose Doctor Doom (more typically a Fantastic Four villain, though he had occasionally battled Spider-Man and would do so in the future as well) from Marvel, and the Parasite (a lesser-known Superman foe) from DC. The comic also pits Superman against the Hulk for the first time, and Spider-Man against Wonder Woman. 
The book was officially co-written by Shooter and Marv Wolfman, who at the time was writing the popular DC title "The New Teen Titans". John Buscema penciled the story, and Joe Sinnott inked the main figures. The backgrounds were inked by a who's who of contemporary Marvel talent: Terry Austin, Klaus Janson, Bob Layton, Steve Leialoha, Bob McLeod, Al Milgrom, Josef Rubinstein, Walt Simonson, Brett Breeding, and Bob Wiacek. The front cover was painted by Bob Larkin from a layout by John Romita, Sr.
Other features of the book include Superman and Spider-Man's origins on the inside front cover, an earlier cover concept on the inside back cover, and house ads for both Marvel and DC.
Plot summary.
The story begins in Manhattan, where Spider-Man foils a bank robbery. Easily dispatching the criminals, his Spider-sense alerts him about a nearby construction site, but unable to determine any immediate danger, he moves on.
The reader learns, however, that the site camouflages an elaborate base of the Latverian monarch Doctor Doom, connected with a years-long plot of his known as "Project Omega." Doom initiates Omega by luring the Hulk to Superman's hometown of Metropolis using a special micro-transmitter.
Spider-Man's alter-ego of Peter Parker is assigned by "The Daily Bugle" to cover The Hulk's advance towards Metropolis. Parker arrives in Metropolis just in time to witness the confrontation between Superman and the Hulk. Parker changes into Spider-Man, but is outclassed and unable to help.
Battling the Hulk, Superman discovers the beacon and destroys it, calming the Hulk and winning his trust. The Hulk reverts to his Bruce Banner form, but Doom's plan has worked: the damage Hulk caused released the Parasite from a special underground cell. S.T.A.R. Labs takes custody of Banner, hoping to find a cure for his condition. Doom, monitoring everything, still needs Banner for his plan, and now he knows exactly where to find him.
Peter Parker goes to work for "The Daily Planet" while Superman's alter-ego of Clark Kent takes a leave and joins the staff of the "Bugle" in New York City, each seeking to investigate the crisis from a different end. Superman has realized that the Hulk's rampage was designed to free the Parasite, and reasons that, as Luthor is behind bars, only Dr. Doom could be behind the scheme. Superman visits the monarch of Latveria at its New York embassy, where Doom freely admits he's plotting world domination. Ironically, Superman is sworn to uphold the laws of men, and on Latverian soil, Doom is the law. He even makes an attempt to capture the Man of Steel, but Superman uses the lead-lined everything room of Doom's headquarters to his advantage. When Doom releases some kryptonite, Superman rolls himself in the lead-lining and blocks the lethal radiation. Nonetheless, Doom remains untouchable.
While Clark Kent works his mild-mannered charm on the Bugle's cantankerous publisher J. Jonah Jameson, Peter Parker has to deal with Steve Lombard, the jock sportscaster who harassed Kent throughout the 1970s. Soon enough, Parker stumbles onto the Metropolis division of Doom's Project Omega, around the same time as Wonder Woman, who has also been following this case. (Actually Doom planted evidence in order to lure Wonder Woman; her capture is also part of his master plan.)
Spider-Man and Wonder Woman fall into fighting under false pretenses, but quickly realize they're on the same side and join forces. Doom captures Wonder Woman before they can accomplish anything, however, while Spider-Man escapes and trails her captors to their destination, finally learning the truth about Project Omega.
The Omega installations, positioned all across the world, will go online and emit a particular radiation which will render most forms of fuel useless. Only a special generator — built by Doom, of course — will provide the energy the world needs; he will step in and make himself absolute monarch. In exchange for making him Doom's privileged enforcer, Doom enhances the Parasite's abilities with the absorbed powers of Wonder Woman, the Hulk, and Superman. The Parasite likes the idea, but only because he intends to turn on Doom. Of course, he won't get that chance; Doom knows that all that power will burn out the Parasite, turning his body into a unique kind of crystal with unique energy-absorbing properties that will allow Doom to use it to control the power of his super-reactor.
The story comes to a climax as our heroes battle the Parasite, Doom and his henchmen, and a giant robot. Fortunately, Doom and the Parasite turn on each other after Parasite absorbs some of Spider-Man's powers during the fight- his spider-sense alerting him to the danger of Doom's plan, and Superman and Spider-Man use their respective abilities to foil Doom's plot, Spider-Man using his webbing as an improvised 'lint brush' to 'clean' Superman of the kryptonite dust Doom used to immobilize him, Superman subsequently taking Doom's gauntlet to knock out the parasite (Correctly deducing that Doom would have developed an armour that would prevent the Parasite from absorbing him). They also prevent the accidental world-destroying explosion of Doom's super-reactor after the controls are damaged in the fight, Superman containing the reactor from the inside long enough for Spider-Man to use his spider-sense to find the lever necessary to fully turn the reactor off. The Hulk wanders off when the stasis tube in which he was imprisoned cracks, while the Parasite is recaptured and Wonder Woman released after the crisis is over. Doom manages to make it back to the Latverian Embassy, where he enjoys diplomatic immunity, seconds before Superman catches up with him.

</doc>
<doc id="18834736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834736" title="Sıxbabalı">
Sıxbabalı

Sıxbabalı (also, Shikhbabaly and Shykhbabaly) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18834737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834737" title="Poladlı, Agdam">
Poladlı, Agdam

Poladlı (also, Poladly and Polatlu) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18834740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834740" title="Yusifcanlı">
Yusifcanlı

Yusifcanlı (also, Yusifjanlu, Yusifdzhanly, Yusufdzhanly, Yusufzhainli, and Yusutdzhanly) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village is on the cease-fire line between the armed forces of the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic and those of Azerbaijan. There have been allegations of cease fire violations in the village's vicinity.

</doc>
<doc id="18834746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834746" title="Pərioğlular, Agdam">
Pərioğlular, Agdam

Pərioğlular (also, Peioglylar and Perioglular) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18834751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834751" title="Sarıhacılı">
Sarıhacılı

Sarıhacılı (, also Saryjaly, Sarigadzhanly and Sarygadzhyly) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18834791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834791" title="Mary Beth Dunnichay">
Mary Beth Dunnichay

Mary Beth Dunnichay (born February 25, 1993 in Elwood, Indiana) is an American platform diver. Her older brother Caleb is also a competitive diver for Auburn University.
She was named to the 2008 U.S. Olympic team in both the 10-meter platform and the synchronized 10-meter platform event with Haley Ishimatsu. In the synchronized competition Ishimatsu and Dunnichay earned fifth place scoring 309.12.
In May, 2012, the city of Elwood, Indiana, Dunnichay's hometown, renamed their city pool Mary Beth Dunnichay Aquatic Center.

</doc>
<doc id="18834793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834793" title="Celso Brum Junior">
Celso Brum Junior

Celso Brum Junior, (born July 22, 1978 in Curitiba) is a retired volleyball player from Brazil. After playing professional volleyball for more than a decade, he ended his career due to injuries. He has a strong spike, knowing by his friends as "braço doido" (crazy army).
Celso is married and lives with his wife in the south of Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="18834795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834795" title="Ross Skiffington">
Ross Skiffington

Ross Skiffington is a New Zealand-born Australian magician, actor, and theatre director, who has received two lifetime achievement awards for his contributions to magic.
Biography.
Ross Skiffington trained as an actor, graduating with a Diploma in Fine Arts from Auckland University, moving to Australia in 1975 and obtaining Australian citizenship in 1984. He has performed as an actor on television programs including "The Box", "Cop Shop", "Division 4", "The Sullivans", "Holiday Island", "Carson's Law" and "Skyways". He has performed as an illusionist on television programs including "The Mike Walsh Show"," The Don Lane Show", "The Ray Martin Show", "Young Talent Time", and "The Bert Newton Show".
Theatrical and magical shows which Skiffington has created and directed include: "Tricks", "Electricks", "Patrick’s Hat Trick", "The Fabulous Fontaines!", "Chiller!", "CHINOIS!", "Silver’s Grand Magic Circus", and the "Melbourne Festival of the Arts Opening Night Spectacular". He frequently works with a company of performers, dancers and choreographers whom he has gathered together. His illusions are devised and built by his illusion technician, engineer Gordon Arney.
In addition, Skiffington has worked extensively in theatrical productions, notably with the Bell Shakespeare Company, for which he has worked as both an actor and magician.
Skiffington has frequently worked as a consultant on magic for large-scale theatrical productions. In 2006 he spent six weeks teaching actor Guy Pearce how to perform the tricks of Harry Houdini for the film "Death Defying Acts". He worked as a magic consultant for the 2008 production of "The Magic Flute" by Opera Queensland.
Most recently, Skiffington has been performing regularly at "The Magic Mansion".
Awards.
Ross Skiffington has received two lifetime achievement awards:
He was also the winner of four awards at the 17th Australian Society of Magicians Convention. These were for 'favourite trick', 'stage', 'comedy' and 'caberet'.

</doc>
<doc id="18834799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834799" title="Anthony Slama">
Anthony Slama

Anthony Thomas Slama (born January 6, 1984) is a relief pitcher for the Minnesota Twins. He is 6'3", and weighs 207 lbs., and bats and throws right-handed.
Slama played two seasons of college baseball at Santa Ana College from 2004-2005, before transferring to the University of San Diego, where he played for the Toreros in 2006. Slama was selected in the 39th round of the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft. However, he did not sign with Minnesota in 2006 and returned to San Diego for the 2007 season. Prior to the 2007 draft, he signed a professional contract with Minnesota. He began his professional career in 2007 with the Rookie level Elizabethton Twins, and after only six appearances where he struck out 10 in 7.1 innings, earned a promotion to the Beloit Snappers.
Slama spent the season with the Twins' advanced A affiliate, the Fort Myers Miracle. He compiled a 2-0 record with a 0.50 earned run average and 12 saves in the first half of the 2008 season—helping Fort Myers capture the Florida State League first-half West Division title. Along with teammates Robert Delaney, Brian Dinkelman, Jeff Manship, Wilson Ramos and Danny Valencia, Slama represented the Fort Myers Miracle in the 2008 Florida State League All-Star game.
For the season, he went 4-1 with a 1.01 ERA, 25 saves and 110 strikeouts in 71 innings to earn All-FSL Team honors, the Jim Rantz Award Twins' Minor League Pitcher of the Year and MILB.com's "Best Class A Reliever."
He recorded the save in both division play off games against the Dunedin Blue Jays, and in the Miracle's one win against the Daytona Cubs in the FSL championship series. His 13.94 strikeouts-per-nine innings ranked third among all Minor League relievers, and his .173 opponents' batting average ranked eighth.
On July 20, 2010, he was called up to the majors. Alex Burnett was sent down to make room for him.
Anthony made his major league debut for the Minnesota Twins on July 21, 2010, against the Cleveland Indians. He worked one inning, striking out two in finishing a victory.
He spent most of 2011 with Triple-A Rochester, but did play 2 games with the Twins in late May/early June.
He spent all of 2012 in Rochester, and began 2013 there as well. On June 13, 2013, Slama was released by the Twins after an 0-4 start with a 13.50 ERA. Over parts of 5 seasons with Rochester, Slama went 6-10 with a 3.17 ERA in 137 appearances with 38 saves, striking out 200 in 167.2 innings.
On July 5, 2013 Slama signed with the York Revolution of the independent Atlantic League.
On February 17, Slama signed with the Southern Maryland Blue Crabs of the independent Atlantic League.

</doc>
<doc id="18834801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834801" title="James P. Gourley">
James P. Gourley

James P. Gourley (Republican) served in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 25th District of Philadelphia from 1909-1910. He was born in Philadelphia and educated in St. Michael's Parochial School; studied law and was admitted to the bar. Elected to the House of Representatives in November 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="18834803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834803" title="Elizabeth Howe">
Elizabeth Howe

Elizabeth Howe was one of the accused in the Salem witch trials. She was found guilty and executed on July 19, 1692.
Background.
Elizabeth Jackson Howe was born circa 1635 near Rowley, Yorkshire, the daughter of William and Joane Jackson. Elizabeth married James Howe in April 1658; the couple had six children, and resided in Topsfield, Massachusetts. Topsfield was a Puritan community. They were a deeply pious society, with an extreme religious focus not only as a community but also on an individual basis. They believed firmly in the devil, and felt that he was not only an enemy to mankind, but to the Puritans specifically. “The devil, as envisioned by the people of Salem, was a short, black man with cloven feet who stood about as high as a walking stick”. The fight against the devil was viewed as an individual religious responsibility.
Accused of witchcraft.
The Perley family of Ipswich, Massachusetts, was among the chief accusers of Elizabeth Howe. They had a ten year old daughter they claimed was being afflicted by Howe. The child complained of being pricked by pins and sometimes fell into fits. In their testimony against Howe, on June 1, 1692, the Perelys quoted their daughter as saying, “I could never afflict a dog as Good Howe afflicts me.” At first the parents did not believe their daughter’s accusations. They took the child to several doctors who told them she was “under an evil hand”. Her condition continued for two or three years, until “she pined away to skin and bones and ended her sorrowful life”. 
Elizabeth Howe was accused of afflicting several other girls within Salem Village. The identities of the girls Elizabeth Howe was accused of afflicting are recorded in the transcript of her examination: 
Warrant for arrest.
On May 28, 1692 a warrant was released for the arrest of Elizabeth Howe by John Hathorne and Jonathan Corwin. She was to be apprehended and taken to the home of Lieutenant Nathaniel Ingersolls. She stood charged with “Sundry Acts of Witch-craft done or on the [bodies of Mary Walcott, Abigail Williams, and others of Salem Village.” She was apprehended by Ephraim Wildes, constable of Topsfield, on May 29, 1692. A copy of her original warrant can be read below. This transcript was taken from The Salem Witchcraft Papers.
To the Constable of Topsfield 
Your are in theyre Majestyes Names hereby Required to Apprehend & bring before us Elizabeth Howe the wife of James Howe if Topsfeild Husbandman on Tuesday next being the thirty first day of may about Ten of the Clock forenoone att the house: of Leut Nathaniell Ingersollsof Salem Village, Whoe stande Charged w’th Sundry Acts of Witch-craft done or Committed on the bodyes of Mary Walcott, Abigaill Williams & others of Salem Village, to theyr great hurt, in order to hir examination, Relating to the above s’d premises. & hereof you are nott to fayle.
Dat’d. Salem. May. 28th. 1692/ 
In obedience to this warrant I have appreend ed Elizabeth Howe the wife of Jems how on the 29th of may 1692 and have brought har unto the house of leftenant nathaniell engleson according too to the warrant as attested by me
Ephraim Wildes constabell 
For the town of Topsfelld. 
Dated May 31st 1692
Imprisonment.
Conditions while awaiting trial were harsh for those accused of witchcraft. The supposed witches were, “bound with cords and irons for months, subjected to insulting, unending examinations and excommunication from the church”. In Marion L. Starkey’s "The Devil in Massachusetts" it says, “. . . they were periodically subjected by prison officials, especially by the juries assigned to search them for witch marks”. Yet while Elizabeth Howe was imprisoned in these difficult conditions she was able to rely on the support of her family. Her daughters, and occasionally her blind husband, would take turns in making regular trips to Boston. Starkey said they would bring her “country butter, clean linen, and comfort”.
Trial.
Court conditions verged on the point of ridiculous during the Salem witch trials. There are many pauses in court records because of the chaos that surrounded trials of the supposed witches. For instance, “afflicted” girls would throw themselves on the ground in hysterical fits, and when the examinant moved their body the afflicted individuals would cry out in pain. Magistrate Samuel Sewall of Boston recorded his observation about the conditions he found in the meeting house. His diary reads, “Went to Salem, where in the meeting house, the persons accused of witchcraft were examined . . . ‘twas awful to see how the afflicted persons were agitated”. Such was the case of Elizabeth Howe’s trial which began on May 31 of 1692. The following is a true account of the examination of Elizabeth Howe as witnessed by Samuel Parris. This account is taken from "The Salem Witchcraft Papers, Transcripts of the Legal Documents from the Salem Witch Trials." 
When Elizabeth Howe was brought in for examination Mercy Lewis and Mary Walcott, two of her main accusers, fell into a fit. She was accused by Mary of pinching and choking her in the month of May. Ann Putnam added her accusations to these by saying she had been hurt three times by Howe. When asked how she pled to the charges made against her, Elizabeth Howe boldly responded, “If it was the last moment I was to live, God knows I am innocent of any thing of this nature”.
Actual examination:
"The examination of Eliz: 31. May. 1692"
Mercy Lewis & Mary Walcot fell in a fit quickly after the examinant came in
Mary Walcot said that this woman the examinant had pincht her & choakt this month.
Ann Putnam said she had hurt her three times.
What say you to this charge? Here are them that charge you with witchcraft
If it was the last moment I was to live, God knows I am innocent of any thing in this nature
Did not you take notice that now when you lookt upon Mercy Lewis she was struck down?
I cannot help it. 
You are charged here; what doe you say?
I am innocent of any thing of this nature.
Is this the first time that ever you were accused?
Yes S’r.
Do not you know that one at Ipswitch hath accused you?
This is the first time that ever I heard of it
You say that you never heard of these folks before
Mercy Lewis at length spake & charged this woman with hurting & pinching her: And then Abigail Williams cryed she hath hurt me a great many times, a great while & she hath brought me the book.
Ann Putnam had a pin stuck in her hand
What do you say to this?
I cannot help it.
What consent have you given?
Mary Warren cryed out she was prickt
Abig: Williams cryed out that she was pincht, & great printes were seen in her arm.
Have not you seen some apparition-- 
No, never in all my life
Those that have confessed, they tell us they used images & pins, now tell us what you have used.
You would not have me confess that which I know not
She lookt upon Mary Warren, & said Warren violently fell down. 
Look upon this maid viz: Mary Walcot, her back being towards the examinant Mary Warren & Ann Putnam said they saw this woman upon her. Susan: Sheldon saith this was the woman that carryed her yesterday to the Pond Sus: Sheldon carried to the Examinant in a fit & was well upon grasping her arm.
You said you never heard before of these people
Not before the warrant was served upon me last Sabbath day
John Indian cryed out O she bites, & fell into a grevious fit, & so carried to her in his fir & was well upon her grasping him.
What do you say to these things, they cannot come to you?
S’r. I am not able to give account of it
Cannot you tell what keeps them off from your body?
I cannot tell, I know not what it is?"
That is strange that you should do these things & not be able to tell how.
This is a true account of the examination of Eliz: How taken from my characters written at the time thereof. Witness my hand"
"Sam. Parris."
"(Reverse) Eliza. How Exam.Adjour’t. June 30 92 How"
"(witnesses v. Elizabeth Howe)"
Indictments made against Howe.
These indictments are transcripts of the legal documents taken from The Salem Witchcraft Papers (3).Anno Regis et Reginae 
"Anno Regis et Reginae Willm et Mariae: 
nunc Angliae &c: Quarto" 
""Essex ss The Jurors for our Sovereigne Lord and Lady the King & Queen presents that Elizabeth Howe Wife of James How of Ipswich -- the 29th day of May in the forth Year of the Reigne of our Sovereigne Lord and Lady William and Mary by the Grace of God God of England Scottland France" "and Ireland King and Queen defend'rs of the faith &c: and divers other dayes and times as well before as after certaine detestable Arts called witchcraft & Sorceries wickedly & felloniously hath Used Practised and Exercised at and within the Towne ship of Salem" "in the County of Essex aforesaid in upon and against one:Marcy Lewis of Salem Villiage Single woman -- by which said wicked Acts the said Marcy Lewis -- the 29th day of May in the forth Year aboves'd: and divers other dayes & times as well before as after was" "and is Tortured. Afflicted: Pined Consumed & Tormented and also for sundrey other Acts of witchcraft by the Said Elizabeth Howe Committed & done before and since that Time ag't. the Peace of our Sovereigne Lord and Lady the King & Queen, and ag't the forme of the" "Statute in that case made and Provided (7)"
"Witnesses." 
"Mercy Lewis. Jurat 
"Mary Wolcott Jurat"
"Abigall Williams 
"Ann Putnam Jurat"
"Sam'll. Pearly & wife Jurat" 
"Sam'll. Pearly & wife Ruth Jurat"
"Joseph Andrews & wife Sarah Jurat" 
"Jno. Sherrin" "Jurat"
"Jos. Safford Jurat" 
"francis Leane Jurat" 
"Abraham fosters wife Lydia J 
"Isack Cumins Jun'r"
"the thirty first day of May in the forth Year of the Reigne of our Sovereigne Lord and Lady William and Mary by the Grace of God of England Scottland. France, and Ireland King and Queen defenders of the faith &c: and divers other dayes and times. as well before as after Certaine Detestable Arts called witchcraft, and Sorceries wickedly and felloniously. hath used Practised and Exercised at and within the Towneship of Salem in the County of Essex afores'd: in upon and against one Mary Wolcott of Salem Villiage Singlewoman by which said wicked arts the said Mary Walcott the 31st day of May in the forth Year as abovesaid, and divers other dayes and times as well before as after was and is Tortured Afflicted Pined Consumed wasted & Tormented and also for sundrey other Acts of witchcraft by said Elizabeth Howe Committed and Done before and since that time, ag't. the Peace. of our Sovereigne Lord & Lady the King and Queen, and against the forme of the Statute in that Case made & Provided. (7)"
"Mary Wolcott Jurat" 
"Ann Putnam Jurat" 
"Abigall Williams." 
"Sam'll. Pearly & wife" 
"Ruth Jurat" 
"Joseph Andrews & wife." 
"Sarah Jurat" 
"Jno. Sherrin Jurat" 
"Jos: Safford. Jurat." 
"francis Leane. Jurant"
"Abraham fosters wife Lydia Jurat"
"Isack Cumins Jun'r. Jurat"
Evidence in the court and witnesses against Howe.
There were many different types of evidence that were used to convict a supposed witch. These were confession, supernatural attributes, the witch’s teat or witch's mark (any small skin growth or abnormality found on the body of the accused), anger followed by mischief, and probably most importantly spectral evidence defined by "The Witches of Early America" as “the supernatural phenomena thought to occur when a vision or ‘spectre’ of an accused witch appeared to a witness”. 
Anger followed by mischief is one form of evidence that was brought against Elizabeth Howe. The Perely family, who had also accused her of afflicting their ten year old daughter (see Elizabeth Howe Accused of Witchcraft), blamed the sudden illness of the family’s cow upon her. This was due, they claimed, to the fact that they had thwarted Elizabeth Howe’s chance of becoming a member of the Ipswich Church. Samuel Perley stated it this way in his testimony against Elizabeth: “the above said goode how had a mind to joyn to iPswich Church thai being unsatisfied sent to us to bring in what we knew thai se cause to Put a stoP to her coming into the Church.” Samuel then went on to explain a few days afterwards his cow suddenly went mad and ran into a pond drowning herself. 
Spectral evidence played a key role in the Salem Witch Trials. "The Witches of Early America" defines spectral evidence as, “the supernatural phenomena thought to occur when a vision or ‘spectre’ of an accused witch appeared to a witness”. The accusation of the Perelys is not a direct example of a when “an accused witch appeared to a witness”. However, they did bring forth spectral evidence with the story of their daughter. Apparently she told her parents that when she went near fire or water, “this witch her in”.
Another accusation of anger before mischief was raised against Elizabeth How by her own brother-in-law. From his account we learn that she asked John Howe to go with her to “Salem farmes”. He told her that had she been accused of any other thing he would go with her, but because the accusation was witchcraft he “would not for ten pounds,” he continued, “If you are a witch tell me how long you have ben a witch and what mischeve you have done and then I will go with you”. His report explains that she “semed to be aingry with me”. John owned a sow with six small piglets. Around sunset he recounted the sow “leaped up about or four feet high and about and gave one and fell [down dead”. He went on to say that he cut off the ear of the sow and the hand he used to do this became numb and full of pain for several days after. All of this he blamed upon his sister-in-law Elizabeth How.
Witnesses on behalf of Howe.
Having witnessed a conversation between Samuel Perley’s little girl and Elizabeth Howe. Reverend Phillips of Rowley, Massachusetts was able to testify in her defense on June 3, 1692. 
This testimony is taken from the Salem Witchcraft Papers.
"The testimony of Samuel Phillips aged about 67, minister of the word of God in Rowly, who sayth, that mr payson (minister of gods word alsoe in Rowley) and my self went, being desired, to Samuel pearly of ipswich to se their young daughter who was viseted with strang fitts & in her fitts (as her father & mother affirmed) did mention good wife How the wife of James Howe Junior of Ipswich, as if she was in the house & did afflict her: when we were in the house the child had one of her fitts but made noe mention of goodwife how; & when the fitt was over & she come to herself, goodwife How, went to the child and took her by the hand & askt her whether she had ever done her any hurt And she answered no never and if I did complain of you in my fitts I know not that I did soe: I further can affirm upon oath that young Samuel Pearly, Brother to the afflicted girle looking out of a chamber window (I and the afflicted child being without dores together) and say to his sister say goodwife Howe is a witch, say she is a witch & the child spake not a word that way, but I lookt up to the window where the youth stood & rebuked him for his boldness to stirr up his sister to accuse the said goodw: How where as she had cleared her from doing any hurt to his sister in both our hearing, & I added noo wonder that the child in har fitts did mention Goodwife Howe, when her nearest relations were soe frequent in expressing theire suspicions in the childs hearing when she was out of her fitts, that the sayd Goodwif How, was an Instrument of mischief to the child:" 
A colleague of Phillips, Payson of Rowley, was also present at this encounter between Elizabeth and the Perleys’ daughter. He added his testimony as a second witness saying, “their afflicted daughter, upon something that her mother spake to her with tartness, presently fell into one of her usuall strange fitts, during which, she made no mention(as I observed)of the above s’d How her name, or any thing relating to her some time after, the s’d how came in”. 
In her defense, Elizabeth Howe’s father-in-law testified to her good nature. He said that she, “a side humain infurmitys as [become a Christion with Respact to as a father very dutifully & a wifife to [his son very carfull loveing obedient and kind Considering his want of eye sight.” He concluded his witness by saying, “now desiering god may guide your honours to se a difference between predigous and Consentes I rest yours to Sarve”.
Execution.
Public execution was considered the most severe punishment of the time in Puritan Massachusetts. It is logical then that this severe punishment would come upon those convicted of a most severe crime: witchcraft. Convicted witches were hanged on Gallows Hill. Elizabeth Howe was hanged on July 19, 1692, along with Rebecca Nurse (her sister-in-law), Sarah Good, Sarah Wildes and Susanna Martin.
The execution methods in New England were very similar to those used in England. The condemned would ride to the execution spot with a minister. He would then elaborate on the saving grace of Jesus Christ and repentance. The minster would also preach a sermon to the crowd that had gathered to watch the execution. Historian Louis P. Masur wrote, “The ritual of execution day required that condemned prisoners demonstrate publicly that they were penitent, and the execution sermons repeatedly pounded the chord of penitence”. In an ideal situation the convicted would confess to their crime, alleviating worry from the community that they were sending an unprepared soul to the next life.
Conclusion.
Elizabeth Howe, Rebecca Nurse, Sarah Good, Sarah Wildes and Susanna Martin were hanged on July 19, 1692, and buried in a crevice on Gallows hill.
Nineteen people were hanged for witchcraft during the Salem witch trials, and one man, Giles Cory, was pressed to death because he refused to attest to the indictment against him. 
In 1709, many were encouraged to join in a petition with Phillip English; they began with approximately twenty-one accused witches and children of the accused; although, later many others added their sentiments. Among these were the daughters of Elizabeth Howe. They requested that their good names be restored and also wanted financial compensation for their losses during the trials. It was not until 1711 that a sum of approximately 598 pounds was distributed among the survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="18834827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834827" title="Çuxurməhlə">
Çuxurməhlə

Çuxurməhlə (also, Chukhur-Magla and Chukhurmakhla) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18834832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834832" title="Daşbaşı, Agdam">
Daşbaşı, Agdam

Daşbaşı (also, Dashbashy) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18834844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834844" title="As Time Goes By (M*A*S*H)">
As Time Goes By (M*A*S*H)

As Time Goes By is the 255th episode of "M*A*S*H", airing on February 21 (first-run) and September 12 (repeat), 1983, and the last episode filmed. As it was the final episode filmed, they took a moment to pay tribute to the characters (except for Trapper John McIntyre) who had left the series before its conclusion. It also introduces the character of Soon-Lee, who would play a vital role in the series' final episode and the short-lived spin-off AfterMASH.
The episode is dedicated to Connie Izay, RN, one of the show’s medical advisors.
Although this was the penultimate episode of the series, it was the final episode that was produced. The series finale was filmed at the beginning of the season.
Synopsis.
The episode opens in the Officer’s Club, with Sgt. Rizzo sleeping at the bar. B.J. barks the question if the general’s Jeep is ready, causing Rizzo to jump out of his slumber. Unimpressed with this prank, Rizzo seeks revenge, and decides to get it using a dummy hand grenade he borrows from Igor.
Meanwhile, Winchester reads a story in the newspaper about a new skyscraper in Los Angeles that will have a time capsule placed in its cornerstone. Major Houlihan becomes enamoured with this idea and decides to place a time capsule to commemorate the 4077. Hawkeye also likes the idea, and decides to help Houlihan. Hawkeye later confides to B.J. and Winchester that Houlihan’s time capsule would only represent the army side of their lives, and he wants to be sure to include something to represent “us malcontents.”
As this goes on, Father Mulcahy helps an elderly Korean couple board a transport headed for a refugee camp. The elderly couple though is distraught, as they became separated from their daughter in the middle of the fighting. Mulcahy tells them to ask the officials at the refugee camp for help as they speed off into the night.
Later that night, a shipment of wounded arrives at the 4077, and one of the medics advises Colonel Potter of a helicopter that was sent earlier that day with a sniper victim. Colonel Potter tells the medic that the helicopter never arrived, and tells Klinger to have it reported as MIA. The medic tells Potter and Klinger that they managed to capture the sniper and produce a young Korean woman named Soon-Lee Han who was found with a rifle in the fields, and is suspected of being a guerrilla. Soon-Lee claims her innocence, saying that she simply found the rifle as she was plowing the fields. Klinger is ordered to lock up Soon-Lee until Army Intelligence can arrive to interrogate her.
As work on the time capsule continues, Houlihan grows increasingly frustrated with Hawkeye’s suggestions. For example, while Houlihan wants to include a copy of a Zane Grey novel from Col. Potter, Hawkeye proposes that Potter throw in some xeno pads. Things reach a head when Houlihan decides to throw Hawkeye off the project. Undaunted, Hawkeye soldiers on with his own time capsule. 
Rizzo decides to carry out his revenge when he goes into the showers, where B.J. is currently washing up. Rizzo begins fidgeting with the dummy grenade, when he pretends to accidentally pull the pin. Fearing for his life, B.J. runs naked out of the shower building. When B.J. learns that the grenade was a dummy and this was all a prank, he vows to get back at Rizzo.
While Klinger is guarding Soon-Lee, Father Mulcahy comes in to report that Army Intelligence will be late. When Mulcahy hears Soon-Lee’s story, they all become convinced that the elderly Korean couple are Soon-Lee’s parents. Soon-Lee urges Klinger to let her go, but Klinger cannot.
The missing helicopter finally arrives with the sniper victim. The pilot dismisses his delay to engine trouble, and his radio silence to a damaged radio. But once the sniper victim is out of surgery, he tells the real story to Hawkeye and Houlihan. The helicopter took enemy fire which damaged the fan belt, meaning the helicopter could only fly a maximum of 200 yards before the engine overheated. So, the pilot would fly for 200 yards, land his helicopter, and then walk ahead 200 yards to find a safe clearing to land. By the time the pilot returned, the engine was cool and ready to fly again. The pilot did that until it was too dark to fly, and then began the next morning as soon as it was light out. Hawkeye and Houlihan are touched by the pilot’s heroism.
When Klinger learns that the sniper victim has finally arrived, Klinger comes up with a plan to exonerate Soon-Lee. While in surgery, Klinger has B.J. extract the bullet. The bullet is shown to be too big to have come from the rifle Soon-Lee had. That’s enough evidence for Army Intelligence to release Soon-Lee. Now that she’s free, Klinger, Father Mulcahey, and Soon-Lee speed off to the refugee camp to find the elderly Korean couple. When they arrive, they are met with heartbreak. The elderly Korean couple are not Soon-Lee’s parents.
Back at the 4077, Rizzo and Winchester have an argument in the mess tent, and Rizzo decides to use his grenade prank to get back at Winchester. However, instead of running to safety like B.J. did, Winchester throws Rizzo to safety and then uses his body to smother the grenade. When the grenade doesn’t go off, Winchester claims the grenade is a dud, and takes it from Rizzo, saying he’ll dispose of it safely. Moved by Winchester’s heroism, Rizzo walks away. When Rizzo is gone, Winchester gives a signal to B.J., showing that the two orchestrated the whole event to get back at Rizzo for what he did to B.J.
That evening, Houlihan is holding a ceremony to bury her time capsule, and as expected, it’s full of military gear. Hawkeye, B.J., and Winchester then arrive to bury their time capsule, but before they do, Hawkeye makes one last attempt to get some his items in Houlihan’s capsule. First he offers the broken fan belt from the helicopter, saying that the pilot’s heroism is something that deserves to be remembered in 100 years. Houlihan agrees, and takes the fan belt.
Hawkeye then offers up Radar’s teddy bear, saying it can stand for the soldiers who came as boys and went home as men. B.J. offers up a fishing lure that belonged to Henry Blake, to stand for those who never made it home. Father Mulcahy then offers up a pair of boxing gloves, saying that if countries in the future feel the need to go to war, they can use them to resolve their differences. Houlihan then also relents and allows a bottle of cognac from Winchester (Winchester arguing that the cognac will be excellent in the future, having aged for over 100 years) and a little black dress from Klinger (which Klinger dedicates to the all the women the men have back home). Hawkeye and Houlihan finally end their argument.
At the episode’s end, as Hawkeye, BJ, and Winchester walk away from the ceremony, Winchester asks that, with all the items they put in for their former friends, why didn’t they put in anything to remember Frank Burns? Hawkeye jokes that he thought about including Burns’ scalpel, but didn’t want to include any deadly weapons. They meet up with Klinger and Soon-Lee, and they all decide to go to the Officer’s Club. They see the club is packed full, but Winchester says he believes a few tables will open up soon, as he pulls the dummy grenade from his pocket.
The Real M*A*S*H Time Capsule.
As this was the final episode filmed, the cast decided to take a cue from this episode and bury a real time capsule filled with props from the show. It was the hope of the cast that the time capsule would remain undisturbed for 100 years. However, once filming was done, 20th Century Fox sold the land the set was on. The time capsule was then dug up by a construction worker who took it home. The construction worker tried to return the time capsule to the cast, but Alan Alda told the construction worker to keep it.

</doc>
<doc id="18834856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834856" title="Daşbaşı">
Daşbaşı

Daşbaşı or Dashbashy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18834865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834865" title="Sylvain Couturier">
Sylvain Couturier

Sylvain Couturier (born April 23, 1968 in Greenfield Park, Quebec) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey left wing who played 3 seasons in the NHL for the Los Angeles Kings. Couturier was the General Manager of Acadie-Bathurst Titan of QMJHL until October 19, 2011 when he was replaced by the owner of the Titan Léo-Guy Morrissette.
He is the father of Sean Couturier.

</doc>
<doc id="18834874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834874" title="Xıdırlı, Agdam">
Xıdırlı, Agdam

Xıdırlı (, also Khidirly and Khydyrly) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18834881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834881" title="Sirius (Stockhausen)">
Sirius (Stockhausen)

Sirius: eight-channel electronic music and trumpet, soprano, bass clarinet, and bass is a music-theatre composition by Karlheinz Stockhausen, composed between 1975 and 1977. It is Nr. 43 in the composer's catalogue of works, and lasts 96 minutes in performance.
History.
"Sirius" has been described as "a modern mystery play, clothed as a science fiction story" (Kurtz 1992, 207). While not described by the composer as an opera, it is nevertheless a musical drama, in which four emissaries from a planet orbiting the star Sirius bring a message to earth. "This was to be the big leap into theatre proper. . . . "Sirius" is the key work that leads to his magnum opus LICHT (LIGHT)" (Ball 1997). 
When Stockhausen's daughter, Julika (aged 5 or 6 at the time), asked for a dog, he obtained one for her and named it Sirius, after the star in the constellation Canis Major, which was in his mind because he had just finished composing "Sternklang" ("Star-sound", 1971). Shortly afterward, he chanced upon a passage in a book by Jakob Lorber describing Sirius as the sun at the center of our universe, and this fired his imagination: Other snippets of vitally important information then came to me through a couple of revelatory dreams. Crazy dreams, from which it emerged that not only did I come from Sirius itself, but that, in fact, I completed my musical education there. (Tannenbaum 1987, 34–35) 
Stockhausen never explained these dreams in detail (Kurtz 1992, 207), maintaining that "It would lead to misunderstanding and false interpretation" (Stockhausen 1989, 18). In the composer’s imagination, for beings from the planets of the Sirius system, "everything is music, or the art of co-ordination and harmony of vibrations. . . . The art is very highly developed there, and every composition on Sirius is related to the rhythms of nature . . . the seasons, the rhythms of the stars." Stockhausen’s composition therefore is based on "the cycles and rhythms of nature—of the seasons—with all of their characteristics, and to the planets, animals, and to the twelve main characters of human beings" (Stockhausen 1989, 17–18).
"Sirius" was commissioned by the West German government to celebrate the United States bicentenary, and is dedicated to the "American pioneers on earth and in space". Composition was begun in 1975, and the first performance was given before an invited audience at the opening of the Albert Einstein Spacearium in Washington, D.C., on 15 July 1976, though only the "summer" section had been completed by then. The "autumn" portion was added in time for performances later that year in Japan, France, Germany, and Italy. After interrupting work in order to compose the second part of his choral opera "Atmen gibt das Leben" and the orchestral "Jubiläum", Stockhausen finished "Sirius" and the première of the complete form took place on 8 August 1977 at the Aix-en-Provence Festival (Kurtz 1992, 208–209).
Form and content.
"Sirius" is Number 43 in the composer's catalog of works, and consists of three main parts: "Presentation", "The Wheel" (subdivided into four sections, corresponding to the four seasons), and "Annunciation". The words were written by Stockhausen, except for a text by Jakob Lorber used in the Annunciation. The musical material consists of the twelve zodiac melodies of Tierkreis, Nr. 41½ (1974–75), originally composed for music boxes in connection with the percussion sextet "Musik im Bauch" (Music in the Belly), Nr. 41 (1975). Four of these melodies are principal, each associated with one of the protagonists, and are subjected to a variety of transformations, not merely by superimposition even of metamorphosis through a system of cross-fertilization processes in which "one melody progressively assumes the features of another, as a series of mists and frosts 'borrowed' from winter will gradually transform the autumnal aspect of October from summer nostalgia into winter foreboding" (Britton 1985, 521). The remaining eight melodies serve a subsidiary role. In the Presentation, the four characters introduce themselves and their attributes. They are: 
The main, central "wheel" lasts over an hour, and can be rotated, according to the season of the performance, to produce four different forms:
The total duration of "Sirius" is 96 minutes.
The eight-channel electronic music was realized in the Electronic Music Studio of WDR, Cologne in 1975–77, using an EMS Synthi 100 synthesizer. The electronic music can be performed by itself, without the four soloists, and there are also three excerpted versions, each for a soloist with a specially prepared version of the electronic music: "Aries", for trumpet (Nr. 43½, 1980), "Libra", for bass clarinet (Nr. 43⅔), and "Capricorn", for bass voice (Nr. 43¾).

</doc>
<doc id="18834887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834887" title="John H. Winder">
John H. Winder

John Henry Winder (February 7, 1800 – February 21, 1865) was a career United States Army officer who served with distinction during the Mexican War. He later served as a Confederate general officer during the American Civil War.
Winder was noted for commanding prisoner-of-war camps throughout the South during the war, and for charges of improperly supplying the prisoners in his charge.
Early life and career.
Winder was born at "Rewston" in Somerset County, Maryland, a son of U.S. Army Brig. Gen. William H. Winder and his wife Gertrude Polk. Winder's father fought in the War of 1812, most notably, as the American commander, in the disastrous and rallying defeat at the Battle of Bladensburg and was a second cousin to future Confederate general Charles Sidney Winder.
In 1814 Winder entered the United States Military Academy at West Point, and graduated 11th of 30 cadets in 1820. He was commissioned a second lieutenant in the artillery, and served first at Fort McHenry in Baltimore, Maryland, and then in Florida.
During the early 1820s Winder went through numerous transfers going from the U.S. Rifle Regiment in 1820, to the 4th U.S. Winder resigned his commission on August 31, 1823, and would be out of the Army for almost four years. Later in 1823 Winder married Elizabeth Shepherd. The next year his father died, putting him in a deep economic strain, and his mother was forced to make her home into a boardinghouse. Winder had failed to manage his father-in-law's plantation successfully, so he was unable to help his mother. In 1825 Winder's wife Elizabeth died, leaving him to raise their young son William and forcing him to go back into duty in the U.S. Army.
On April 2, 1827, Winder was reinstated as a second lieutenant, and he served in the 1st U.S. Artillery. He would be promoted to first lieutenant on November 30, 1833. He then taught tactics at West Point in 1837, where among his students was future Confederate President Jefferson Davis (which was most unusual, as Davis had graduated West Point in June, 1828). He lost his job at West Point after one year, though, because of a temper that he got with a cadet. Winder then became the 1st Artillery's Regimental Adjutant from May 23, 1838, until January 20, 1840. He was promoted to captain on October 7, 1842.
Mexican War.
Winder fought well in Mexico, winning brevet promotions to major on August 20, 1847 (for both his conduct at the Battle of Contreras and for the Battle of Churubusco) and to lieutenant colonel on September 14 (for his actions at the Battle for Mexico City.) He was also wounded in the fight near the Belén Gate, which guarded an approach into Mexico City, on that same day. After the war he was promoted to major on November 22, 1860.
American Civil War.
Winder chose to follow the Confederate cause and resigned his U.S. Army commission on April 27, 1861. He was appointed a colonel in the Confederate Army infantry on March 16. He was then promoted to brigadier general on June 21 and the next day was made Assistant Inspector General of the Camps of Instruction that were in the Confederacy's capital of Richmond, Virginia, a post he would hold until October 21. In addition to his duties involving prisons, he was responsible for dealing with deserters, local law enforcement, and for a short time setting the commodity prices for the residents of a city dealing with a doubled population. During this time he commanded Libby Prison in Richmond as well.
In April 1864, Winder appointed Capt. Henry Wirz commandant a new prison camp in Georgia called Camp Sumter, better known as the infamous Andersonville Prison. Winder commanded the Department of Henrico for much of the war, lasting until May 5, 1864. He then commanded the 2nd District of the Department of North Carolina & Southern Virginia from May 25 until June 7. Ten days later he briefly commanded Camp Sumter himself, lasting until July 26. Winder then was given command of all military prisons in Georgia as well as those in Alabama until November 21, when he was put in charge of the Confederate Bureau of Prison Camps, a post which he held until his death on February 7, 1865.
Death and legacy.
Winder died on duty in Florence, South Carolina, of a heart attack in 1865. His body was brought back to Maryland and interred at Green Mount Cemetery in Baltimore.
The assignment to run prisons in the South during the American Civil War was a difficult job at best, hampered by the Confederacy's poor supply system combined with diminishing resources. In their post-war writings, some of the high level leaders of the Confederate government voiced the difficulties of Winder's assignment, saying:
During the war, Winder was frequently derided in Northern newspapers, who accused him of intentionally starving Union prisoners. Military historian Ezra J. Warner believed these charges were without merit, saying "Winder adopted every means at his command to assure that the prisoners received the same ration as did Confederate soldiers in the field, scanty as that allotment was."
However, in John McElroy's eyewitness account in his 1879 book Andersonville, it would appear clear that this is a biased and extremely misleading account. Winder is quoted as saying "I am killing off more Yankees than twenty regiments in Lee's army." On July 27, 1864, in his order No. 13, he ordered that if Federal troops came within 7 miles of Andersonville, the guards where to "open upon the Stockage with grapeshot the numerous cannons that were trained on the prisoners without reference to the situation beyond these lines of defense." Major causes of the high mortality rates in Andersonville, Florence and other prisons overseen by Winder were scurvy (easily avoided with inexpensive food sources of vitamin C) and exposure. Most men had to sleep on the ground, even in winter in freezing weather, while the camp was in a literal wilderness area surrounded by forest which they were not allowed to use to build huts or build reasonable fires for cooking their daily ration of less than one pint of poorly ground corn meal. At the post-war trial of Captain Henri Wirz who ran Andersonville, dozens of nearby neighbors testified that there was plenty of food available in that part of Georgia at that time. Sherman also found plenty in the rest of the state.
John H. Winder appears as a character in MacKinlay Kantor's 1955 novel "Andersonville," which won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. He is glimpsed briefly in Chapter III; beginning in Chapter XV, his character comes fully into focus, an angry and bitter man who "preferred to sit brooding silently on whatever foul nest he'd constructed with the beak and claws of his hatred."

</doc>
<doc id="18834889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834889" title="Xıdırlı">
Xıdırlı

Xıdırlı or Khydyrly or Khidirly or Chidirly or Khidyrly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18834899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834899" title="Langekare">
Langekare

Langekare is a small, uninhabited Baltic Sea island belonging to the country of Estonia. Its coordinates are 
Langekare is a 1.2 hectare island lying off the eastern coast off of the larger Estonian island of Hiiumaa and is administered by Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County. Along with a number of other small islands and islets, it makes up the Hiiumaa Islets Landscape Reserve (Estonian: "Hiiumaa laidude kaitseala"). Langekare holds the distinction of being the only island of the reserve being a limestone-based island, the rest of the islands being moraine-based. 
Langekare is also part of the World Commission on Protected Areas.
See also.
List of islands of Estonia

</doc>
<doc id="18834901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834901" title="Hacıturalı">
Hacıturalı

Hacıturalı (also, Gadzhituraly and Gadzhyturaly) is a village and municipality in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,857. 

</doc>
<doc id="18834905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834905" title="Əfətli">
Əfətli

Əfətli (also, Afatly and Meshadilyar) is a village and municipality in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,322. The municipality consists of the villages of Əfətli, Hacıməmmədli, Məmmədbağırlı, Qəhrəmanbəyli, Həsənxanlı, İsalar, and Küdürlü.

</doc>
<doc id="18834907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834907" title="Qiyaslı, Agdam">
Qiyaslı, Agdam

Qiyaslı (also, Kiyasly) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18834922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834922" title="Qiyaslı">
Qiyaslı

Qiyaslı or Kiasly or Giyasly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18834934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834934" title="Ətyeməzli">
Ətyeməzli

Ətyeməzli (, also Et'yemezli) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18834938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834938" title="Qaradağlı, Agdam">
Qaradağlı, Agdam

Qaradağlı (also, Karadagly) is a village and municipality in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 4,832. The municipality consists of the villages of Qaradağlı, Rzalar, and Evoğlu.

</doc>
<doc id="18834948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834948" title="The Century (Los Angeles)">
The Century (Los Angeles)

The Century is a 42-story, luxury condominium skyscraper in Century City, California. Completed in late 2009, the building has 42 floors, making it the 22nd tallest building in Los Angeles. The 140 unit building was designed by Robert A. M. Stern. In an article, by Michael D. Carlin, The Century City News calls The Century "The David" comparing the building to the Statue created by Michelangelo.
History.
The Century was developed by Related Companies, and constructed on the site of the former St. Regis Los Angeles, a Century City landmark next to and formerly part of the Century Plaza Hotel. The 30-story hotel was completed in 1984 and hosted many famous guests, including former President Reagan. Related shuttered the property in 2005 .
Record prices.
On July 22, 2008 Candy Spelling, the wife of late television producer Aaron Spelling, purchased the penthouse occupying the top two floors of the building. The penthouse residence, spanning approximately sold for US$34,800,000, setting a price-per-square-foot record for a Los Angeles condominium residence.
The previous record for a Los Angeles condominium sale was set in February 2008 when a half-floor penthouse at The Century sold for $11.650 million or $2,700 per-square-foot.
Another record in the building is half-floor penthouse at The Century sold for $10 million and 9.5 million.
The cheapest unit sold at The Century is $1,700,000 for a 2-bedroom unit.

</doc>
<doc id="18834951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834951" title="Qaradağlı">
Qaradağlı

Qaradağlı or Karadagly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18834954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834954" title="Jean Joseph Vaudechamp">
Jean Joseph Vaudechamp

Jean Joseph Vaudechamp (1790–1866) was a French painter born in Rambervillers, Vosges. He was a pupil of Anne-Louis Girodet de Roussy-Trioson. The market in Paris was competitive, so in the winter of 1831–32, he went to try his fortunes in New Orleans, Louisiana. The Louisiana Creole people identified with French culture and selected Vaudechamp to paint portraits for them. Over the next ten years he spent winters in New Orleans, and was a leading portrait painter in the region. He died at Neuilly-sur-Seine in 1866.

</doc>
<doc id="18834963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834963" title="Gəngərli">
Gəngərli

Gəngərli (, also Kengerli and Kengorli) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18834966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834966" title="Zəngişalı">
Zəngişalı

Zəngişalı (also, Zənkişalı and Zangishaly) is a village and municipality in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 4,304. The municipality consists of the villages of Zəngişalı and Mahrızlı.

</doc>
<doc id="18834974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18834974" title="Mahrızlı, Agdam">
Mahrızlı, Agdam

Mahrızlı (also, Makhryzly and Mekhrizli) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Zəngişalı.

</doc>
<doc id="18835001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835001" title="Mahrızlı">
Mahrızlı

Mahrızlı or Mahruzlu or Makhryzly or Mekhrizli or Makhrizli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18835017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835017" title="Matt Kobyluck">
Matt Kobyluck

Matt Kobyluck (born February 19, 1970) is a driver in the NASCAR Camping World Series East, a regional stepping-stone series to NASCAR's national divisions. Kobyluck, who celebrates his 10th season in the NCWS East in 2008, is one of few drivers left that competed under the old Busch North Series banner, and is the only Native American descent driver in the series.
Career.
Kobyluck began his career in 1993 driving in the popular Late Model division at Waterford Speedbowl in his home state of Connecticut. There, he posted numerous wins, top-five, and top-10 finishes – proving his ability to maneuver around the tight confines of a 3/8 mile bullring. His ease behind the wheel caught the attention of fellow competitors, and before long, he was asked to add to his already demanding schedule by piloting a car in the Modified division. His continued success left Kobyluck looking for new challenges.
In 1997, the Uncasville native moved on to Stafford Motor Speedway’s Pro Stock division. The demanding ½-mile track proved to be the challenge Kobyluck needed as he looked forward to NASCAR’s premier regional series – the NASCAR Camping World East Series (then called the Busch North Series). An accident that occurred during one of his races at Stafford in 1998 put those plans on hold temporarily as Kobyluck recovered from extensive injuries he sustained in the crash. By August of that year, ahead of the doctor’s recovery schedule, Kobyluck’s determination and strength enabled him to get back behind the wheel and pursue his dream. That fall, with Mohegan Sun Casino on board, Matt made his NASCAR Camping World Series debut at New Hampshire Motor Speedway.
Kobyluck took on a full NASCAR Camping World Series East schedule in 1999 and has since started more than 150 races with 14 wins, over 50 top-five’s, and 80 top-10 finishes. He also won the prestigious NASCAR Toyota All-Star Showdown in 2006.
Kobyluck came close to winning the East Series championship in 2002 when the series title came down to the last race at Lime Rock Park when Andy Santerre beat him out by a mere nine points. He has finished in the top-five in season ending points for the last three years, and in the top-10 for last six years.
In September 2008, Kobyluck clinched the 2008 NASCAR Camping World Series Championship with a third place finish at Dover International Speedway. Kobyluck is the first Native American to win a championship in the series. Kobyluck then finished off his 2008 season in January 2009 by winning a second Toyota All-Star Showdown.
Kobyluck is also the president of a large construction, site development, and trucking company based in Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="18835020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835020" title="Alexander v. Holmes County Board of Education">
Alexander v. Holmes County Board of Education

Alexander v. Holmes County Board of Education, , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court ordered desegregation of schools in the American South.
Background.
Justice Felix Frankfurter demanded that the opinion in 1955's "Brown v. Board of Education II" order desegregation with the (somewhat contradictory) phrase of "all deliberate speed". The phrase gave the South an excuse to defy the law of the land. For fifteen years, schools in the South remained segregated, until the Supreme Court's opinion in "Alexander v. Holmes County Board of Education". 
Early in the summer of 1969, the appeals court had asked the US Department of Health, Education, and Welfare (HEW) to submit desegregation plans for thirty-three school districts in Mississippi, so HEW could order them implemented at the beginning of the school year. HEW was responsible for drawing up desegregation plans, as mandated by the 1964 Civil Rights Act, and had submitted the plans on time. At the last minute, however, both HEW and the Justice Department asked the courts for extensions until December 1, claiming that the plans would result in confusion and setbacks. This was the first time the federal government had supported a desegregation delay in the federal courts. The Fifth Circuit granted the delay, and no specific date for implementing the actual desegregation plans was set. 
Justice Hugo Black, the supervisory Justice for the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, and senior Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, saw this delay as Nixon's payoff to the South, as part of the "Southern Strategy" that had helped Nixon win the presidential election. The NAACP contacted Black to contest the delay in desegregation. On September 3, Black received a memo from the Justice Department - Solicitor General Griswold was urging that Black permit the Mississippi delay. Black reluctantly permitted the delay as supervisory Justice, but invited the NAACP to bring the case to the Supreme Court as soon as possible.
Issue.
The desegregation orders of "Brown I" and "Brown II" were not followed and schools in the South were desegregating slowly if at all. During lower court battles over segregation, school districts would remain segregated until all appeals were exhausted. The petitioners, represented by Jack Greenberg, asked that the Court order the original HEW plans implemented, and proposed that the Court shift the burden of proof, making desegregation the main objective of them.
Internal Court deliberations.
New Chief Justice Warren Burger, appointed by President Nixon, did not at first think that the requested delay was unreasonable. 
Senior Associate Justice Hugo Black saw allowing any delay as a signal to the South to further delay desegregation; he suggested a short, simple order mandating immediate integration, with no mention of debate over plans or delay. He threatened to dissent from any opinion mentioning the word "plan," which would shatter a much-desired unanimous Court opinion. Justice William O. Douglas supported Black. 
Justice Harlan was not going along with any notion of "immediate desegregation", but he did support the overturning of the Fifth Circuit's delay. 
Justices Stewart, White, and Brennan were all initially put off by Black's demands for immediate desegregation. 
Justice Thurgood Marshall, the Court's only African-American, suggested an implementation deadline of January, the beginning of the next school semester.
A majority of justices agreed on reversing the appeals court's decisions to grant a delay in the submission of plans, and on keeping the Court of Appeals in control, and on keeping the federal district court uninvolved, due to its years of allowing stalling.
Warren Burger, along with Justices White and Harlan, drafted an early opinion with no "outside" deadline, but the court's three most liberal justices - Brennan, Marshall, and Douglas - rejected that draft, knowing it would be unpalatable to Justice Black. The basic Court breakdown was 4 in favor of immediate desegregation and no full Court opinion (Black, Douglas, Brennan, and Marshall), and another 4 wanting a more practical, less absolute opinion. Justice William J. Brennan, Jr.'s draft, made with the help of Justices Douglas and Marshall, and later presented to Justice Black, ordered immediate desegregation and would later come to be the Court's final opinion, with some edits by Harlan and Burger.
Opinion of the Court.
The final opinion was a two-page "per curiam" that reflected the initial demands of Justice Black.
The Court wrote that "The obligation of every school district is to terminate dual school systems at once and to operate now and hereafter only unitary schools." The previously-set pace of "all deliberate speed" was no longer permissible.
Subsequent developments.
The decision was announced on October 29.
Senator Strom Thurmond of South Carolina decried the decision, while praising President Richard Nixon for having "stood with the South in this case." Former Alabama Governor George Wallace said the new Burger court was "no better than the Warren Court," and called the Justices "limousine hypocrites."

</doc>
<doc id="18835032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835032" title="Echinocystitoida">
Echinocystitoida

Echinocystitoida were an order of extinct echinoderms in the subclass "Perischoechinoidea".

</doc>
<doc id="18835058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835058" title="Əlimədədli, Agdam">
Əlimədədli, Agdam

Əlimədədli (, also Əlmədətli, Alimadatli, and Alimadatly) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835062" title="Brian Dinkelman">
Brian Dinkelman

Brian Adam Dinkelman (born November 10, 1983) is an American professional baseball second baseman. Dinkelman was born on November 10, 1983, in Centralia, Illinois. After graduating from Centralia High School in 2002, Dinkelman attended McKendree University and graduated in 2006; he was later drafted by the Minnesota Twins in the eighth round of the 2006 MLB draft. Dinkelman, after playing six years of minor league baseball, made his MLB debut on June 4, 2011. As of the 2011 season, Dinkelman has a career batting average of .301, with four runs batted in (RBI) and no home runs. He is officially listed as standing and weighing .
Early life.
Brian Adam Dinkelman was born on November 10, 1983 in Centralia, Illinois. He attended Centralia High School, where he played basketball and golf along with baseball. After graduation, Dinkelman played baseball at McKendree College in Lebanon, Illinois, for the McKendree Bearcats. Dinkelman won the American Midwest Conference Player of the Year award from 2004–06, and won the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) Player of the Year award his senior year. At McKendree, Dinkelman set 25 career school records, as well as five NAIA career records.
After college, Dinkelman was drafted by the Minnesota Twins in the eighth round of the 2006 MLB draft; he signed with the team on June 8, 2006.
Playing career.
In his first professional season, Dinkelman played for the Elizabethton Twins of the Rookie Appalachian League. Over 46 games played, Dinkelman batted .298 with four home runs and 32 runs batted in. Defensively, Dinkelman predominately played as a second baseman. In 2007, he was selected to play in the Western Division of the Midwest League All-Star game, representing the Beloit Snappers. In June of the same year, he was promoted to the Advanced A class Fort Myers Miracle; combined, Dinkelman batted .269 in 131 games played, and was voted the "Mightiest Miracle Player" (the favorite Fort Myers Miracle player) by fans.
In 2008, Dinkelman continued his professional career, playing for the Miracle as well as the New Britain Rock Cats. Along with teammates Rob Delaney, Jeff Manship, Anthony Slama and Danny Valencia, Dinkelman represented the Fort Myers Miracle in the Florida State League All-Star game. He finished the season with the AA Rock Cats, batting a combined .272 with four home runs, 40 RBI, and 12 stolen bases.
From May 1–7, 2009, Dinkelman was the Twins' Minor League Player of the Week. He was named to his third consecutive All-Star team after batting .299 with four home runs and 43 RBI in the first half of the season. For the year, Dinkelman posted club highs in hits, doubles and walks to help the Rock Cats make their first post-season appearance since 2003. After the season, Dinkelman was named to the Eastern League All-Star Post-Season team as a utility player.
Dinkelman spent the entire 2010 season with the Rochester Red Wings. He led his team in games played (137), total bases (199), and hits (139), while playing right field, left field and second base. He began the 2011 year with the Red Wings before being promoted to the Minnesota Twins on June 2, 2011, to replace shortstop Trevor Plouffe. On June 4, 2011, Dinkelman made his MLB debut, where he was hit by a pitch and intentionally walked, while also recording a single.
He was outrighted to the Red Wings on June 16, and recalled to the Twins on September 5, 2011. For the Twins in 2011, Dinkelman batted .301, with four RBI and no home runs. On October 22, after being outrighted off the roster, he declared free agency.
On November 10, 2011, Dinkelman signed a minor league contract to return to the Minnesota Twins.

</doc>
<doc id="18835071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835071" title="USS Camano (AG-130)">
USS Camano (AG-130)

USS "Camano" (AG-130/AKL-1) was an Army Design 381 coastal freighter acquired by the U.S. Navy 16 July 1947 at Apra Harbor, Guam and became the lead ship of her class of cargo ship. She was configured as a Navy transport and cargo ship and operated with the U.S. Pacific Fleet until 1951, when she was turned over to the U.S. Department of the Interior.
History.
FS-256 was constructed as a Design 381 coastal freighter by Wheeler Shipbuilding, Whitestone NY for the U.S. Army as FS-256 in 1944 and delivered in 1945. "FS-256" was a Coast Guard-manned Army vessel until the end of World War II. She left New York 16 June 1944 for the Southwest Pacific under the command of LT C. E. Thorsen, USCGR. On 3 October 1945 LTJG K. F. Erickson, USCGR took command until the Army vessel was decommissioned 14 October 1945.
"FS-256" was acquired by the Navy at Apra Harbor, Guam, 16 July 1947; renamed "Camano" and commissioned the same day with Lieutenant (junior grade) J. J. Daly in command. First designated as Miscellaneous Auxiliary with the designation of AG-130 the ship underwent conversion to Navy specifications until 8 October 1947. "Camano" began cargo and passenger duty out of Guam to the Caroline Islands. She was reclassified as a Light Cargo Ship to become "AKL-1", the class lead, on 31 March 1949.
On 2 June 1949 she sailed to Pearl Harbor for overhaul, then resumed duty at Guam on 24 September and remained there, except for another overhaul at Pearl Harbor, until 26 July 1951. On that date, she was decommissioned and transferred to the U.S. Department of the Interior. "Camano" was returned to the Navy 22 December 1952. She was struck from the Navy List at an unknown date. Her subsequent fate is not known.

</doc>
<doc id="18835075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835075" title="Əlimədədli">
Əlimədədli

Əlimədədli or Alimadadli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18835083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835083" title="Sırxavənd">
Sırxavənd

Sırxavənd (, also Sarkhavend, Srkhanvend, Srkhavend, and Syrkhavend) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835086" title="Qazançı, Agdam">
Qazançı, Agdam

Qazançı (, also, Ghazanchi, Kazanchi, and Kazanchy) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835088" title="Kennedy Bridge (Niamey)">
Kennedy Bridge (Niamey)

The Kennedy Bridge is the main crossing for the Niger River in Niamey, Niger. It was built in 1970, and named for United States President John F. Kennedy. Its construction enabled Niamey to expand onto the right bank of the river to the west. On 9 February 1990, a confrontation between students of the University of Niamey and police on the bridge left 20 civilians dead, and hastened the end of the military regime led by General Ali Saibou. 

</doc>
<doc id="18835090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835090" title="Thomas Waterson">
Thomas Waterson

Thomas Waterson (born Seth Thomas Waterson in 1895; died 1947) was an American police officer and member of the Memphis Police Department in Memphis, Tennessee. Along with Detective Sergeant William Raney of the Memphis police, Waterson was a member of the team who (along with FBI Agents) captured the notorious "Public Enemy Number One", George "Machine Gun" Kelly. Kelly was a killer so skilled with a tommy gun that he could allegedly stitch his name in .45-caliber bullets. The notable raid occurred at Kelly's Memphis hideout at the residence of his friend J.C. Tichenor, located at No. 1408 Rayner Street in the early hours of September 26, 1933.
The police crept up to the front door, slowly opened it, and stepped inside. Coming out of the bathroom was George Kelly Barnes. Caught without a weapon, Kelly supposedly cried, "Don’t shoot, G-Men! Don’t shoot, G-Men!" as he surrendered to FBI agents and Memphis police.
Waterson retired from the Memphis Police Department and moved to California with his family. He is buried at Mount Hope Cemetery in San Diego alongside his wife, Ann Waterson. He had one son, Steven Waterson, who is still living and resides in Memphis, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="18835098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835098" title="Rob Delaney">
Rob Delaney

Robert Delaney (born September 8, 1984) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent. He has pitched for the Minnesota Twins and the Tampa Bay Rays at the major-league level. He pitches right-handed and bats left-handed.
Born in Westwood, New Jersey, Delaney attended Pascack Valley High School.
Career.
Minnesota Twins.
Delaney signed as an undrafted free agent in June . He represented the Fort Myers Miracle in the Florida State League All-Star game after compiling a 1-2 record with a 1.42 earned run average and 13 saves closing for the Miracle in the first half of the 2008 season.
Rob Delaney was promoted to the Twins' Double A affiliate, the New Britain Rock Cats following the All-Star game. With the Rock Cats, his record improved to 2-1, and his ERA lowered to 1.05 while pitching more innings (34.1 versus 31.2 in the first half of the season).
Following the season, Delaney competed in the Arizona Fall League with the Phoenix Desert Dogs. In the AFL, Delaney was 1-1 with a 4.22 ERA, and was the winning pitcher in Phoenix's 10-4 victory over the Mesa Solar Sox at Scottsdale Stadium that captured their fifth straight AFL championship.
On February 15, , he reported to spring training with the Twins as a non-roster invitee, and following spring training, was reassigned to New Britain. He compiled a 1-1 record with a 2.00 ERA and 40 strikeouts in 36 innings over 26 games for New Britain when he was promoted to the Triple A Rochester Red Wings. With Rochester, he was 7-3 with a 4.53 ERA and seven saves. On November 20, 2009, he was added to the Twins' 40-man roster. He made his debut with the Twins on September 4, 2010, surrendering a solo home run to Ian Kinsler (his first batter faced) in a 12-4 win.
Tampa Bay Rays.
In the 2010-11 offseason, Delaney was claimed off waivers by the Tampa Bay Rays. He was designated for assignment on May 25, 2011. He had his contract purchased on July 27.
Miami Marlins.
Delaney signed a minor league contract with the Miami Marlins on January 4, 2012.
Baltimore Orioles.
Delaney signed a minor league contract with the Baltimore Orioles on January 30, 2013.
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
He was traded from the Orioles to the Angels in exchange for catcher Chris Snyder.

</doc>
<doc id="18835105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835105" title="Qazançı">
Qazançı

Qazançı or Kazanchy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18835113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835113" title="William Clifford Heilman">
William Clifford Heilman

William Clifford Heilman (September 27, 1877 – December 20, 1946) was an American composer. Born in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, where he also later died, he composed a number of orchestral works as well as a good deal of chamber music; he also produced songs. Heilman was a graduate of Harvard University, where he later taught for some time.

</doc>
<doc id="18835126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835126" title="Tarnöyüt">
Tarnöyüt

Tarnöyüt (, also Tarnaut and Tərnöyüt) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835127" title="Çəmənli, Agdam">
Çəmənli, Agdam

Çəmənli (also, Chemenli) is a village and municipality in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,207. The municipality consists of the villages of Çəmənli and Şükürağalı.

</doc>
<doc id="18835132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835132" title="Göytəpə, Agdam">
Göytəpə, Agdam

Göytəpə (, also Geoktepe, Gëytepe, and Karamanlu) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835137" title="Don Cooney">
Don Cooney

Donald F. "Don" Cooney (born March 30, 1937) is a six-term elected Kalamazoo City Commissioner in Kalamazoo, Michigan, United States. He is also a professor at Western Michigan University's School of Social Work and 2008 Democratic nominee for United States Representative of Michigan's 6th congressional district running against Republican Fred Upton.
Background.
Cooney is originally from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he was an ordained Priest, Community Organizer and worked with Cesar Chavez's National Farm Workers Association. He also served at a Parish in Brooklyn, New York, before being chosen to be the director of "A Better Chance" House in Swarthmore, Pennsylvania, where he helped nine disadvantaged young people win scholarships to some of the best Colleges in America. 
Cooney has been an Associate Professor at Western Michigan University's School of Social Work since 1977. While at Western, Cooney lead the South African Anti-Apartheid Movement, convincing Western Michigan University to become the fourth university in the Nation to divest from South Africa. South African divestment by Colleges and Universities throughout the world is recognized as playing a substantial part in helping end apartheid in South Africa. Cooney is also a 25-year member of the American Friends Service Committee's Africa Project. 
As a long standing Kalamazoo City Commissioner, Cooney helped establish the Kalamazoo Living Wage Coalition, the Poverty Reduction Initiative, and Kalamazoo Communities in Schools.
City Commissioner.
Cooney was first elected to the Kalamazoo City Commission in 1997 and has been reelected every two years since, coming in third out of 16 candidates in 2011 (top seven candidates are elected to the Commission). While on the commission, Cooney has sponsored and passed two resolutions in opposition to the War in Iraq and one resolution in opposition to the PATRIOT Act. Cooney serves as Commission liaison to the Commissions and City Boards on Neighborhoods, Community Relations, and Health and Social Services.
2008, 2010 Congressional elections.
Cooney filed for the August 5, 2008, Democratic primary election for the United States Representative of on May 12, 2008, in which he was unopposed. He faced Republican Fred Upton in the November 4, 2008 general election.
Cooney's campaign largely focused on differences in economic and energy policy with Upton during the campaign, calling for a new, New Deal to rebuild America's human and physical infrastructure. He has also been a vocal critic of the war in Iraq. Cooney has large popularity in Kalamazoo.
Cooney was the Democratic nominee for the United States Representative of in 2010 as well, stressing similar themes as in his 2008 run. 

</doc>
<doc id="18835140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835140" title="Bob Larkin">
Bob Larkin

Bob Larkin (born July 10, 1949) is an American artist primarily known for his painted covers for Marvel Comics' magazine-format titles Marvel Magazines in the 1970s and early 1980s.
Biography.
Larkin's many credits include titles such as "The Savage Sword of Conan", "Marvel Super Special", "Marvel Preview", "Crazy Magazine", "The Deadly Hands of Kung-Fu", "Planet of the Apes", and "Tomb of Dracula". Larkin also painted covers for many of the Marvel Fireside Books paperback collections, lending them a simple, movie-poster feel. He did the same thing for the cover to the second major intercompany crossover, "Superman and Spider-Man". In addition, Marvel occasionally tapped Larkin to paint covers for premiere issues of such comic book titles as "Dazzler" and "The Saga of Crystar".
Besides his work for Marvel, Larkin has painted covers for "Vampirella" and "The Rook" (Warren Publishing), "The Amazing Adventures of Holo-Man" (Peter Pan Records), "Lorelei: Building the Perfect Beast" (StarWarp Concepts), and many others.
Larkin also provided covers to Bantam Books reprints of Doc Savage, as well as World Wrestling Entertainment merchandise featuring The Rock, "Stone Cold" Steve Austin, The Undertaker, Kane, and Chris Jericho.
Personal life.
With wife Fran, Larkin is the father of a son named Ken and two daughters, Claire and Holly. Larkin lived in Hoboken, New Jersey in the 1990s. He has a son, Jake, who was 6 years old in September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18835154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835154" title="Göytəpə">
Göytəpə

Göytəpə or Gëytepe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18835164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835164" title="Kosalar, Agdam">
Kosalar, Agdam

Kosalar (, also Kosaly) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835180" title="Kosalar">
Kosalar

Kosalar or Kasalar or Kyosalar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18835192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835192" title="Verona (disambiguation)">
Verona (disambiguation)

Verona is a town, an episcopal see and the capital city of the Province of Verona in Italy.
Verona may also refer to:
Places.
Canada
United States

</doc>
<doc id="18835204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835204" title="Rene Tosoni">
Rene Tosoni

Rene Michael Tosoni (born July 2, 1986) is a professional baseball outfielder, who is currently a free agent. He played in Major League Baseball with the Minnesota Twins in 2011 and has also played in International competitions with the Canada national baseball team. He is six feet tall and weighs 194 lbs. He bats left-handed, yet plays his position right-handed.
Amateur career.
Tosoni played youth baseball for the Coquitlam Reds of the B.C. Premier Baseball League. Although he was selected by the Twins in the 34th-round of the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft, he did not sign and was subsequently reselected by the Twins in the 36th-round of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft.
Professional career.
2008: Fort Myers Miracle.
Although Tosoni had a brief stint with the Gulf Coast League Twins to begin the year, he spent the majority of the season assigned to the Twins' advanced A affiliate, the Fort Myers Miracle. With the Miracle, he batted .325 with one home run and 17 RBIs in the first half of the 2008 season—helping his team capture the Florida State League first-half West Division title. Along with teammates Robert Delaney, Brian Dinkelman, Jeff Manship, Wilson Ramos, Anthony Slama and Danny Valencia, Tosoni was selected to represent Fort Myers in the 2008 Florida State League All-Star game, however, a broken leg prevented him from attending. He was assigned to the Miracle's seven-day disabled list, and did not play from May 16 until August 26. For the season, his average fell to an even .300 upon his short return from the disabled list at the end of the season, however, his two run home run in the first inning was the deciding factor in the Miracle's 2-1 victory over the Dunedin Blue Jays in game one of the 2008 division playoffs.
2009: New Britain Rock Cats.
To begin the season, Tosoni was assigned to the Twins' double A affiliate, the New Britain Rock Cats. He was elected to participate for the World Team at the All-Star Futures Game at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, the host location of the MLB All-Star Game. He appeared as a pinch hitter during the seventh inning and hit a go-ahead double off of Pittsburgh Pirates prospect Brad Lincoln. His performance earned him the game's MVP honours.
2011: Minnesota Twins.
Tosoni was called up by the Minnesota Twins on April 28, 2011.
Tosoni had a single in his first Major League appearance off of Tampa Bay Rays starter Jeremy Hellickson.
He recorded his first RBI in the same game while going 2 for 4 with two singles.
On September 27, Tosoni hit his first Major-League Grand Slam in a 7-4 Victory over the Kansas City Royals.
He signed a minor league contract with the Milwaukee Brewers prior to the 2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18835245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835245" title="Maqsudlu, Azerbaijan">
Maqsudlu, Azerbaijan

Maqsudlu (also, Makhsudlu and Maksudlu) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835248" title="Franz Bornschein">
Franz Bornschein

Franz Carl Bornschein (February 10, 1879 – June 8, 1948) was an American composer, teacher, and music critic. Born in Baltimore, Maryland, he studied at the Peabody Conservatory of Music, later becoming a professor there. He also served for a time as the music critic of the "Baltimore Evening Sun". His wife, Hazel Knox, was a singer who taught at Peabody. Much of Bornschein's output is orchestral, including a number of suites as well as a violin concerto; he also wrote a good deal of chamber music, some songs, and some works for choir which won a handful of prizes. In larger forms, he wrote cantatas, oratorios, and operettas.
Bornschein died in 1948; his papers are held at the library of the Maryland Historical Society in Baltimore.

</doc>
<doc id="18835249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835249" title="Orta Günəypəyə">
Orta Günəypəyə

Orta Günəypəyə (also, Orta Giounepaia and Orta Gyunep’aya) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835254" title="Baş Günəypəyə">
Baş Günəypəyə

Baş Günəypəyə (, also Bash Giounepaia and Bash Gyunep’aya) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835260" title="Alıbəyli, Agdam">
Alıbəyli, Agdam

Alıbəyli (also, Alibeili and Alybeyli) is a village and municipality in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,366. The municipality consists of the villages of Kiçikli, Birinci Alıbəyli, and İkinci Alıbəyli.

</doc>
<doc id="18835266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835266" title="Üçoğlan">
Üçoğlan

Üçoğlan (also, Uchoglan) is a village and municipality in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,555. The municipality consists of the villages of Üçoğlan, Orta Qışlaq, Yusifli, Baharlı, Ballar, Böyükbəyli, Birinci Baharlı, İkinci Baharlı, and Səfərli.

</doc>
<doc id="18835293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835293" title="Böyükbəyli">
Böyükbəyli

Böyükbəyli (also, Bëyukbeyli) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Üçoğlan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835299" title="Məliki">
Məliki

Məliki (also, Mälikli, Maniklou, Maniklu, and Maniklyu) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835305" title="Qızıl Kəngərli">
Qızıl Kəngərli

Qızıl Kəngərli (, also Ghyzyl K'yongerli and, Kyzyl Kengerli) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835310" title="1978 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships">
1978 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships

The 1978 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships ("1978 WJHC") was the second edition World Junior Ice Hockey Championships and was held from December 22, 1977 until January 3, 1978. The tournament was held in Canada, mainly in Montreal and Quebec City. The Soviet Union won its second consecutive gold medal, while Sweden won the silver, and Canada the bronze.
Final standings.
The 1978 tournament divided participants into two divisions of four teams, each playing three games. The top two teams in each division advanced to the medal round (Group A), while the bottom two were placed in Group B. Each division played another round robin. The top two teams in the medal round played a one game final for the gold medal.
"This is the aggregate standings, ordered according to final placing. The four teams in the medal round (Group A) were ranked one through four, while the four teams in Group B were ranked five through eight regardless of overall record."
" was relegated to Pool B for the 1979 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships."

</doc>
<doc id="18835312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835312" title="Sarıçoban">
Sarıçoban

Sarıçoban (also, Sarychoban) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Xındırıstan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835316" title="Əhmədağalı">
Əhmədağalı

Əhmədağalı (also, Akhmedagaly) is a village and municipality in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,563. The municipality consists of the villages of Əhmədağalı, Mirəşelli, and Bənövşələr.

</doc>
<doc id="18835320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835320" title="Xındırıstan">
Xındırıstan

Xındırıstan (also, Khindristan, Khykdrystan, Khyndrystan, Khyndyrystan, and Xındırıstar) is a village and municipality in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 6,502. The municipality consists of the villages of Xındırıstan, Dadaşlı, Sarıçoban, Qasımbəyli, Kəbləhüseynli, Paşabəyli, Birinci Yüzbaşılı, İkinci Yüzbaşılı, Baharlı, and Bəybabalar.

</doc>
<doc id="18835327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835327" title="Qalayçılar">
Qalayçılar

Qalayçılar (also, Kalaychylar) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835336" title="Bənövşələr">
Bənövşələr

Bənövşələr (also, Benevshalar and Benevshelyar) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Əhmədağalı.

</doc>
<doc id="18835344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835344" title="Boyəhmədli">
Boyəhmədli

Boyəhmədli (also, Bayakhmedly, Boyakhmedli, and Boyäxmädli) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835348" title="Baharlı, Xındırıstan">
Baharlı, Xındırıstan

Baharlı (also, Bakharly) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Xındırıstan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835362" title="Edward VIII">
Edward VIII

Edward VIII (Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David; later the Duke of Windsor; 23 June 1894 – 28 May 1972) was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Commonwealth, and Emperor of India, from 20 January 1936 until his abdication on 11 December 1936.
Edward was the eldest son of King George V and Queen Mary. He was created Prince of Wales on his sixteenth birthday, nine weeks after his father (who had been the previous Prince of Wales) succeeded his own father Edward VII as king. As a young man, he served in the British Armed Forces during the First World War and undertook several foreign tours on behalf of his father.
Edward became king when his father died in early 1936. He showed impatience with court protocol, and politicians were concerned by his apparent disregard for established constitutional conventions. Only months into his reign, he caused a constitutional crisis by proposing marriage to the American socialite Wallis Simpson, who had divorced her first husband and was seeking a divorce from her second. The prime ministers of the United Kingdom and the Dominions opposed the marriage, arguing that the people would never accept a divorced woman with two living ex-husbands as queen. Additionally, such a marriage would have conflicted with Edward's status as the titular head of the Church of England, which opposed the remarriage of divorced people if their former spouses were still alive. Edward knew that the government led by prime minister Stanley Baldwin would resign if the marriage went ahead, which could have forced a general election and would ruin his status as a politically neutral constitutional monarch. Choosing not to end his relationship with Simpson, Edward abdicated. He was succeeded by his younger brother Albert, who chose the regnal name George VI. With a reign of 326 days, Edward was one of the shortest-reigning monarchs in British and Commonwealth history.
After his abdication, he was created Duke of Windsor. He married Simpson in France on 3 June 1937, after her second divorce became final. Later that year, the couple toured Germany. During the Second World War, he was at first stationed with the British Military Mission to France but, after private accusations that he held Nazi sympathies, he was assigned to the Bahamas as the islands' Governor. After the war, he was never given another official appointment and spent the remainder of his life in retirement in France.
Early life.
Edward VIII was born on 23 June 1894 at White Lodge, Richmond Park, on the outskirts of London, during the reign of his great-grandmother Queen Victoria. He was the eldest son of the Duke and Duchess of York (later King George V and Queen Mary). His father was the son of the Prince and Princess of Wales (later King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra). His mother was the eldest daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Teck (Francis and Mary Adelaide). As a great-grandson of the monarch in the male line, Edward was styled "His Highness Prince Edward of York" at birth.
He was baptised Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David in the Green Drawing Room of White Lodge on 16 July 1894 by Edward White Benson, Archbishop of Canterbury. The names were chosen in honour of Edward's late uncle, who was known to his family as "Eddy" or Edward, and his great-grandfather King Christian IX of Denmark. The name Albert was included at the behest of Queen Victoria, and his last four names – George, Andrew, Patrick and David – came from the Patron Saints of England, Scotland, Ireland and Wales. He was always known to his family and close friends by his last given name, David.
Like other upper-class children of the time, Edward and his younger siblings were brought up by nannies rather than directly by their parents. One of his early nannies abused Edward by pinching him before he was due to be presented to his parents. His subsequent crying and wailing would lead the Duke and Duchess to send Edward and the nanny away. The nanny was subsequently discharged.
Edward's father, though a harsh disciplinarian, was demonstrably affectionate, and his mother displayed a frolicsome side with her children that belied her austere public image. She was amused by the children making tadpoles on toast for their French master, and encouraged them to confide in her.
Education.
Initially Edward was tutored at home by Helen Bricka. When his parents travelled the British Empire for almost nine months following the death of Queen Victoria in 1901, young Edward and his siblings stayed in Britain with their grandparents, Queen Alexandra and King Edward VII, who showered their grandchildren with affection. Upon his parents' return, Edward was placed under the care of two men, Frederick Finch and Henry Hansell, who virtually brought up Edward and his brothers and sister for their remaining nursery years.
Edward was kept under the strict tutorship of Hansell until nearly 13; Hansell had wanted Edward to enter school earlier, but his father disagreed. Edward took the examination to enter Osborne Naval College, and began there in 1907. Following two years at Osborne College, which he did not enjoy, Edward moved on to the Royal Naval College at Dartmouth. A course of two years followed by entry into the Royal Navy was planned. A bout of mumps may have left him sterile. When his father ascended the throne on 6 May 1910 following the death of Edward VII, Edward automatically became Duke of Cornwall and Duke of Rothesay and he was created Prince of Wales a month later on 23 June 1910, his 16th birthday. Preparations began in earnest for his future duties as king. He was withdrawn from his naval course before his formal graduation, served as midshipman for three months aboard the battleship "Hindustan", then immediately entered Magdalen College, Oxford, for which, in the opinion of his biographers, he was underprepared intellectually. A keen horseman, he learned how to play polo with the university club. He left Oxford after eight terms without any academic qualifications.
Prince of Wales.
Edward was officially invested as Prince of Wales in a special ceremony at Caernarvon Castle on 13 July 1911. The investiture took place in Wales, at the instigation of the Welsh politician David Lloyd George, Constable of the Castle and Chancellor of the Exchequer in the Liberal government. Lloyd George invented a rather fanciful ceremony in the style of a Welsh pageant, and coached Edward to speak a few words in Welsh.
When the First World War (1914–18) broke out, Edward had reached the minimum age for active service and was keen to participate. He had joined the Grenadier Guards in June 1914, and although Edward was willing to serve on the front lines, Secretary of State for War Lord Kitchener refused to allow it, citing the immense harm that would occur if the heir to the throne were captured by the enemy.
Despite this, Edward witnessed trench warfare first-hand and attempted to visit the front line as often as he could, for which he was awarded the Military Cross in 1916. His role in the war, although limited, made him popular among veterans of the conflict. Edward undertook his first military flight in 1918 and later gained a pilot's licence.
Throughout the 1920s, Edward, as Prince of Wales, represented his father, King George V, at home and abroad on many occasions. He took a particular interest in visiting the poverty–stricken areas of the country, and undertook 16 tours to various parts of the Empire between 1919 and 1935. On a tour of Canada in 1919 he acquired the Bedingfield ranch, near Pekisko, Alberta, and in 1924 he donated the Prince of Wales Trophy to the National Hockey League. From January to April 1931, he and his brother, Prince George, travelled 18,000 miles on a tour of South America, voyaging out on the ocean liner and returning "via" Paris and an Imperial Airways flight from Paris–Le Bourget Airport that landed specially in Windsor Great Park.
The prince's rank, travels, good looks, and unmarried status gained him much public attention, and at the height of his popularity, he was the most photographed celebrity of his time.
His attitudes towards many of the Empire's subjects and various foreign peoples, both during his time as Prince of Wales and later as Duke of Windsor, were little commented upon at the time but have soured his reputation subsequently. In 1920 he wrote of Indigenous Australians, "they are the most revolting form of living creatures I've ever seen!! They are the lowest known form of human beings & are the nearest thing to monkeys."
Romances.
Edward's womanising and reckless behaviour during the 1920s and 1930s worried Prime Minister Baldwin, King George V, and those close to the prince. Alan Lascelles, Edward's private secretary for eight years during this period, believed that "for some hereditary or physiological reason his normal mental development stopped dead when he reached adolescence". George V was disappointed by Edward's failure to settle down in life, disgusted by his affairs with married women, and was reluctant to see him inherit the Crown. "After I am dead," George said, "the boy will ruin himself in 12 months."
In 1929, "Time" magazine reported that Edward teased his sister-in-law, Elizabeth, the wife of his younger brother Albert, by calling her "Queen Elizabeth". The magazine asked if "she did not sometimes wonder how much truth there is in the story that he once said he would renounce his rights upon the death of George V – which would make her nickname come true". Edward grew older and remained unmarried, but his brother and sister-in-law had two children, including Princess Elizabeth, the future Queen Elizabeth II. George V favoured his son Albert ("Bertie"), and granddaughter Elizabeth ("Lilibet"), and told a courtier, "I pray to God that my eldest son will never marry and have children, and that nothing will come between Bertie and Lilibet and the throne."
In 1930, George V gave Edward a home, Fort Belvedere, in Windsor Great Park. There, Edward had relationships with a series of married women including textile heiress Freda Dudley Ward, and Lady Furness, the American wife of a British peer, who introduced the prince to her friend and fellow American Wallis Simpson. Simpson had divorced her first husband in 1927, and her second husband, Ernest Simpson, was a British-American businessman. Wallis Simpson and the Prince of Wales, it is generally accepted, became lovers while Lady Furness travelled abroad, though Edward adamantly insisted to his father that he was not intimate with her and that it was not appropriate to describe her as his mistress. Edward's relationship with Simpson further weakened his poor relationship with his father. Although King George V and Queen Mary met Simpson at Buckingham Palace in 1935, they later refused to receive her.
Edward's affair with an American divorcee led to such grave concern that the couple were followed by members of the Metropolitan Police Special Branch, who examined in secret the nature of their relationship. An undated report detailed a visit by the couple to an antique shop, where the proprietor later noted "that the lady seemed to have POW of Wales completely under her thumb." The prospect of having an American divorcee with a questionable past having such sway over the heir apparent led to anxiety among government and establishment figures.
Reign.
King George V died on 20 January 1936, and Edward ascended the throne as King Edward VIII. The next day, he broke royal protocol by watching the proclamation of his own accession from a window of St James's Palace in the company of the then still-married Simpson. Edward became the first monarch of the British Empire to fly in an aircraft when he flew from Sandringham to London for his Accession Council.
Edward caused unease in government circles with actions that were interpreted as interference in political matters. His comment during a tour of depressed villages in South Wales that "something must be done" for the unemployed coal miners was seen as directly critical of the Government, though it has never been clear whether Edward had anything in particular in mind. Government ministers were reluctant to send confidential documents and state papers to Fort Belvedere because it was clear that Edward was paying little attention to them and there was a lack of confidence in his discretion in constitutional and political matters. It was feared that Simpson and other house guests might see state papers and that confidential information in them might be improperly or inadvertently disclosed in ways that could be detrimental to the country's national interests.
Edward's unorthodox approach to his role also extended to the currency which bore his image. He broke with the tradition that on coinage each successive monarch faced in the opposite direction to his or her predecessor. Edward insisted that he face left (as his father had done), to show the parting in his hair. Only a handful of test coins were struck before the abdication, and when George VI succeeded to the throne he also faced left, to maintain the tradition by suggesting that had any coins been minted featuring Edward's portrait, they would have shown him facing right.
On 16 July 1936, an Irish fraudster called Jerome Bannigan, alias George Andrew McMahon, produced a loaded revolver as Edward rode on horseback at Constitution Hill, near Buckingham Palace. Police spotted the gun and pounced on him; he was quickly arrested. At Bannigan's trial, he alleged that "a foreign power" had approached him to kill Edward, that he had informed MI5 of the plan, and that he was merely seeing the plan through to help MI5 catch the real culprits. The court rejected the claims and sent him to jail for a year for "intent to alarm". It is now thought that Bannigan had indeed been in contact with MI5 but the veracity of the remainder of his claims remains open.
In August and September, Edward and Simpson cruised the Eastern Mediterranean on the steam yacht "Nahlin". By October it was becoming clear that the new king planned to marry Simpson, especially when divorce proceedings between the Simpsons were brought at Ipswich Assizes. Preparations for all contingencies were made, including the prospect of the coronation of King Edward and Queen Wallis. Because of the religious implications of any marriage, plans were made to hold a secular coronation ceremony not in the traditional religious location, Westminster Abbey, but in the Banqueting House in Whitehall.
Although gossip about his affair was widespread in the United States, the British media kept voluntarily silent and the public knew nothing until early December.
Abdication.
On 16 November 1936, Edward invited British Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin to Buckingham Palace and expressed his desire to marry Wallis Simpson when she became free to re-marry. Baldwin informed him that his subjects would deem the marriage morally unacceptable, largely because remarriage after divorce was opposed by the Church of England, and the people would not tolerate Wallis as queen. As king, Edward was the titular head of the Church of England, and the clergy expected him to support the Church's teachings.
Edward proposed an alternative solution of a morganatic marriage, in which he would remain king but Wallis would not become queen. She would enjoy some lesser title instead, and any children they might have would not inherit the throne. This too was rejected by the British Cabinet as well as other Dominion governments, whose views were sought pursuant to the Statute of Westminster 1931, which provided in part that "any alteration in the law touching the Succession to the Throne or the Royal Style and Titles shall hereafter require the assent as well of the Parliaments of all the Dominions as of the Parliament of the United Kingdom." The Prime Ministers of Australia, Canada and South Africa made clear their opposition to the king marrying a divorcee; their Irish counterpart expressed indifference and detachment, while the Prime Minister of New Zealand, having never heard of Simpson before, vacillated in disbelief. Faced with this opposition, Edward at first responded that there were "not many people in Australia" and their opinion did not matter.
Edward informed Baldwin that he would abdicate if he could not marry Simpson. Baldwin then presented Edward with three choices: give up the idea of marriage; marry against his ministers' wishes; or abdicate. It was clear that Edward was not prepared to give up Simpson, and he knew that if he married against the advice of his ministers, he would cause the government to resign, prompting a constitutional crisis. He chose to abdicate.
Edward duly signed the instruments of abdication at Fort Belvedere on 10 December 1936 in the presence of his younger brothers: Prince Albert, Duke of York, next in line for the throne; Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester; and Prince George, Duke of Kent. The next day, the last act of his reign was the royal assent to His Majesty's Declaration of Abdication Act 1936. As required by the Statute of Westminster, all the Dominions consented to the abdication, though the Irish Free State did not pass the External Relations Act, which included the abdication in its schedule, until 12 December.
On the night of 11 December 1936, Edward, now reverted to a prince, made a broadcast to the nation and the Empire, explaining his decision to abdicate. He famously said, "I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and to discharge my duties as king as I would wish to do without the help and support of the woman I love."
After the broadcast, Edward departed Britain for Austria; he was unable to join Simpson until her divorce became absolute, several months later. His brother, Prince Albert, Duke of York, succeeded to the throne as George VI. George VI's elder daughter, Princess Elizabeth, became first in the line of succession, as heiress presumptive.
Duke of Windsor.
On 12 December 1936, at the accession meeting of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom, George VI announced he was to make his brother "His Royal Highness The Duke of Windsor". He wanted this to be the first act of his reign, although the formal documents were not signed until 8 March the following year. During the interim, Edward was universally known as the Duke of Windsor. George VI's decision to create Edward a royal duke ensured that he could neither stand for election to the House of Commons nor speak on political subjects in the House of Lords.
Letters Patent dated 27 May 1937 re-conferred the "title, style, or attribute of Royal Highness" upon the Duke of Windsor, but specifically stated that "his wife and descendants, if any, shall not hold said title or attribute". Some British ministers advised that the reconfirmation was unnecessary since Edward had retained the style automatically, and further that Simpson would automatically obtain the rank of wife of a prince with the style "Her Royal Highness"; others maintained that he had lost all royal rank and should no longer carry any royal title or style as an abdicated king, and be referred to simply as "Mr Edward Windsor". On 14 April 1937, Attorney General Sir Donald Somervell submitted to Home Secretary Sir John Simon a memorandum summarising the views of Lord Advocate T. M. Cooper, Parliamentary Counsel Sir Granville Ram, and himself:
The Duke of Windsor married Simpson, who had changed her name by deed poll to Wallis Warfield, in a private ceremony on 3 June 1937, at Château de Candé, near Tours, France. When the Church of England refused to sanction the union, a County Durham clergyman, the Reverend Robert Anderson Jardine (Vicar of St Paul's, Darlington), offered to perform the ceremony, and the Duke accepted. The new king, George VI, forbade members of the Royal Family to attend to the lasting resentment of the Duke and Duchess of Windsor. Edward had particularly wanted his brothers the Dukes of Gloucester and Kent and his second cousin Louis Mountbatten to attend the ceremony.
The denial of the style "Her Royal Highness" to the Duchess of Windsor caused further conflict, as did the financial settlement – the Government declined to include the Duke or Duchess on the Civil List, and the Duke's allowance was paid personally by George VI. The Duke compromised his position with his brother by concealing the extent of his financial worth when they informally agreed on the amount of the allowance. Edward's wealth had accumulated from the revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall paid to him as Prince of Wales and ordinarily at the disposal of an incoming king. George VI also paid Edward for Sandringham House and Balmoral Castle, which were Edward's personal property, inherited from his father, George V, and thus did not automatically pass to George VI on his accession. Relations between the Duke of Windsor and the rest of the Royal Family were strained for decades. Edward became embittered against his mother, Queen Mary, writing to her in 1939: "last letter destroythe last vestige of feeling I had left for you ... [and has made further normal correspondence between us impossible." In the early days of George VI's reign the Duke telephoned daily, importuning for money and urging that the Duchess be granted the style of Royal Highness, until the harassed king ordered that the calls not be put through.
The Duke had assumed that he would settle in Britain after a year or two of exile in France. King George VI (with the support of Queen Mary and his wife Queen Elizabeth) threatened to cut off Edward's allowance if he returned to Britain without an invitation.
Second World War.
In October 1937, the Duke and Duchess visited Germany, against the advice of the British government, and met Adolf Hitler at his Obersalzberg retreat. The visit was much publicised by the German media. During the visit the Duke gave full Nazi salutes. The former Austrian ambassador, Count Albert von Mensdorff-Pouilly-Dietrichstein, who was also a second cousin once removed and friend of George V, believed that Edward favoured German fascism as a bulwark against communism, and even that he initially favoured an alliance with Germany. Edward's experience of "the unending scenes of horror" during the First World War led him to support appeasement. Hitler considered Edward to be friendly towards Nazi Germany and thought that Anglo-German relations could have been improved through Edward if it were not for the abdication. Fellow Nazi Albert Speer quoted Hitler directly: "I am certain through him permanent friendly relations could have been achieved. If he had stayed, everything would have been different. His abdication was a severe loss for us."
The Duke and Duchess settled in France. On the outbreak of the Second World War in September 1939, they were brought back to Britain by Louis Mountbatten on board HMS "Kelly", and the Duke, although an honorary field marshal, was made a major-general attached to the British Military Mission in France. In February 1940, the German Minister in The Hague, Count Julius von Zech-Burkersroda, claimed that the Duke had leaked the Allied war plans for the defence of Belgium. When Germany invaded the north of France in May 1940, the Windsors fled south, first to Biarritz, then in June to Spain. In July the pair moved to Lisbon, Portugal, where they lived at first in the home of Ricardo de Espírito Santo, a Portuguese banker with both British and German contacts.
Nazi agents plotted unsuccessfully to persuade the Duke to support the German effort and wrote up plans to kidnap him. Lord Caldecote wrote a warning to Winston Churchill: "Duke is well-known to be pro-Nazi and he may become a centre of intrigue." A "defeatist" interview with the Duke that was widely distributed may have served as the last straw for the British government: Prime Minister Winston Churchill threatened the Duke with a court-martial if he did not return to British soil. In August, a British warship dispatched the Duke and Duchess to the Bahamas, where, in the view of Churchill, they could do the least damage to the British war effort.
The Duke was installed as Governor of the Bahamas. He did not enjoy the position, and referred to the islands as "a third-class British colony". The British Foreign Office strenuously objected when the Duke and Duchess planned to tour aboard a yacht belonging to a Swedish magnate, Axel Wenner-Gren, whom American intelligence wrongly believed to be a close friend of Luftwaffe commander Hermann Göring. The Duke was praised, however, for his efforts to combat poverty on the islands, although he was as contemptuous of the Bahamians as he was of most non-white peoples of the Empire. He said of Étienne Dupuch, the editor of the "Nassau Daily Tribune": "It must be remembered that Dupuch is more than half Negro, and due to the peculiar mentality of this Race, they seem unable to rise to prominence without losing their equilibrium." He was praised, even by Dupuch, for his resolution of civil unrest over low wages in Nassau in 1942, even though he blamed the trouble on "mischief makers – communists" and "men of Central European Jewish descent, who had secured jobs as a pretext for obtaining a deferment of draft". He resigned the post on 16 March 1945.
Many historians have suggested that Hitler was prepared to reinstate Edward as king in the hope of establishing a fascist Britain. It is widely believed that the Duke and Duchess sympathised with fascism before and during World War II, and were moved to the Bahamas to minimise their opportunities to act on those feelings. In 1940 he said: "In the past 10 years Germany has totally reorganised the order of its society ... Countries which were unwilling to accept such a reorganisation of society and its concomitant sacrifices should direct their policies accordingly." During the occupation of France, the Duke asked the German forces to place guards at his Paris and Riviera homes: they did so. The Allies became sufficiently disturbed by German plots that U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt ordered covert surveillance of the Duke and Duchess when they visited Palm Beach, Florida, in April 1941. Duke Carl Alexander of Württemberg (then a monk in an American monastery) had told the Federal Bureau of Investigation that the Duchess had slept with the German ambassador in London, Joachim von Ribbentrop, in 1936, had remained in constant contact with him, and had continued to leak secrets.
Author Charles Higham claimed that Anthony Blunt, an MI5 agent, acting on orders from the British Royal Family, made a successful secret trip to Schloss Friedrichshof in Germany towards the end of the war to retrieve sensitive letters between the Duke of Windsor and Adolf Hitler and other leading Nazis. What is certain is that George VI sent the Royal Librarian, Owen Morshead, accompanied by Blunt, then working part-time in the Royal Library as well as for British intelligence, to Friedrichshof in March 1945 to secure papers relating to the German Empress Victoria, the eldest child of Queen Victoria. Looters had stolen part of the castle's archive, including surviving letters between daughter and mother, as well as other valuables, some of which were only later recovered in Chicago after the war. The papers rescued by Morshead and Blunt, and those returned by the American authorities from Chicago, were deposited in the Royal Archives.
After the war, the Duke admitted in his memoirs that he admired the Germans, but he denied being pro-Nazi. Of Hitler he wrote: " Führer struck me as a somewhat ridiculous figure, with his theatrical posturings and his bombastic pretensions." However, during the 1960s he said privately to a friend, Lord Kinross, "I never thought Hitler was such a bad chap." In the 1950s, journalist Frank Giles heard the Duke blame British Foreign Secretary Anthony Eden for helping to "precipitate the war through his treatment of Mussolini ... that's what he did, he helped to bring on the war ... and of course Roosevelt and the Jews".
Later life.
The couple returned to France and spent the remainder of their lives essentially in retirement as the Duke never occupied another official role after his wartime governorship of the Bahamas. The Duke's allowance was supplemented by government favours and illegal currency trading. The City of Paris provided the Duke with a house at 4 Route du Champ d'Entraînement, on the Neuilly-sur-Seine side of the Bois de Boulogne, for a nominal rent. The French government exempted him from paying income tax, and the couple were able to buy goods duty-free through the British embassy and the military commissary. In 1951, the Duke produced a ghost-written memoir, "A King's Story", in which he expresses disagreement with liberal politics. The royalties from the book added to their income. Nine years later, he penned a relatively unknown book, "A Family Album", chiefly about the fashion and habits of the Royal Family throughout his life, from the time of Queen Victoria to that of his grandfather and father, and his own tastes.
The Duke and Duchess effectively took on the role of celebrities and were regarded as part of café society in the 1950s and 1960s. They hosted parties and shuttled between Paris and New York; Gore Vidal, who met the Windsors socially, reported on the vacuity of the Duke's conversation. The couple doted on the pug dogs they kept.
In June 1953, instead of attending the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II in London, the Duke and Duchess watched the ceremony on television in Paris. The Duke said that it was contrary to precedent for a Sovereign or former Sovereign to attend any coronation of another. The Duke was paid to write articles on the ceremony for the "Sunday Express" and "Women's Home Companion", as well as a short book, "The Crown and the People, 1902–1953".
In 1955, they visited President Dwight D. Eisenhower at the White House. The couple appeared on Edward R. Murrow's television interview show "Person to Person" in 1956, and a 50-minute BBC television interview in 1970. That year, they were invited as guests of honour to a dinner at the White House by President Richard Nixon.
The Royal Family never fully accepted the Duchess. Queen Mary refused to receive her formally. However, the Duke sometimes met his mother and brother George VI, and attended George's 1952 funeral. Queen Mary remained angry with Edward and indignant over his marriage to Wallis: "To give up all this for that", she said. In 1965, the Duke and Duchess returned to London. They were visited by Elizabeth II, Princess Marina, Duchess of Kent, and Mary, Princess Royal and Countess of Harewood. A week later, the Princess Royal died, and they attended her memorial service. In 1967, they joined the Royal Family for the centenary of Queen Mary's birth. The last royal ceremony the Duke attended was the funeral of Princess Marina in 1968. He declined an invitation from Elizabeth II to attend the Investiture of the Prince of Wales in 1969, replying that Prince Charles would not want his "aged great-uncle" there.
In the 1960s, the Duke's health deteriorated. In December 1964, he was operated on by Michael E. DeBakey in Houston for an aneurysm of the abdominal aorta, and in February 1965 a detached retina in his left eye was treated by Sir Stewart Duke-Elder. In late 1971, the Duke, who was a smoker from an early age, was diagnosed with throat cancer and underwent cobalt therapy. Queen Elizabeth II visited the Windsors in 1972 while on a state visit to France; however, only the Duchess appeared with the royal party for a photocall.
Death and legacy.
On 28 May 1972, the Duke died at his home in Paris, less than a month before his 78th birthday. His body was returned to Britain, lying in state at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. The funeral service was held in the chapel on 5 June in the presence of the Queen, the Royal Family, and the Duchess of Windsor, who stayed at Buckingham Palace during her visit. The coffin was buried in the Royal Burial Ground behind the Royal Mausoleum of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert at Frogmore. Until a 1965 agreement with Queen Elizabeth II, the Duke and Duchess had previously planned for a burial in a purchased cemetery plot at Green Mount Cemetery in Baltimore, where the father of the Duchess was interred.
Frail, and suffering increasingly from senile dementia, the Duchess died 14 years later, and was buried alongside her husband as "Wallis, Duchess of Windsor".
In the view of historians such as Professor Philip Williamson, the popular perception that the abdication was driven by politics rather than religious morality is false, and arises because divorce today is much more common and socially acceptable, so the religious restrictions that prevented Edward continuing as king while married to Simpson "seem, wrongly, to provide insufficient explanation" for his abdication.
Titles, styles, honours and arms.
Titles and styles.
His full style as king was "His Majesty, Edward the Eighth, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, Ireland, and of the British Dominions beyond the Seas, King, Defender of the Faith, Emperor of India".
Honours.
British honours
Edward lost almost all of his British honours upon accession, because he became sovereign of the orders. When he was no longer sovereign, his brother reinstated his pre-accession honours.
Foreign honours
Arms.
As Prince of Wales, Edward's arms were the royal coat of arms of the United Kingdom, differenced with a label of three points argent, with an inescutcheon representing Wales surmounted by a coronet (identical to those of Charles, the current Prince of Wales). As Sovereign, he bore the royal arms undifferenced. After his abdication, he used the arms again differenced by a label of three points argent, but this time with the centre point bearing an imperial crown.

</doc>
<doc id="18835363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835363" title="Baharlı">
Baharlı

Baharlı or Bakharly or Bagarly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18835384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835384" title="Mirəşelli">
Mirəşelli

Mirəşelli (also, Mirəşəlli, Mirashali, Mirasheli, and Mirashelli) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Əhmədağalı.

</doc>
<doc id="18835389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835389" title="Eyvazlı, Agdam">
Eyvazlı, Agdam

Eyvazlı (also, Evazlı, Eivazly, Eivazy, and Eyvazly) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Quzanlı.

</doc>
<doc id="18835394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835394" title="Baş Qərvənd">
Baş Qərvənd

Baş Qərvənd (also, Bash-Karvend) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835399" title="Heniot Levy">
Heniot Levy

Heniot Lévy (19 July 1879 in Warsaw – 16 June 1945) was an American composer, teacher, and pianist of Polish birth. A native of Warsaw, he trained at the Hochschule für Musik in Berlin with Oscar Raif and Karl Heinrich Barth, both pupils of Tausig; the latter also trained Arthur Rubinstein. He made his debut touring with the Berlin Philharmonic in 1898; he came to the United States in 1905, settling in Chicago, Illinois. He taught at the American Conservatory of Music, and toured and performed with the orchestras of Chicago and Minneapolis. As a composer, he wrote mainly chamber music; he also recorded a handful of piano rolls, including some of his own work.
Levy died in 1945; he was the maternal grandfather of Igor Kipnis.
References.
General references
Inline citations

</doc>
<doc id="18835401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835401" title="Birinci Yüzbaşılı">
Birinci Yüzbaşılı

Birinci Yüzbaşılı (also, Birinci Yuzbaşlı, Yuzbashly, and Yuzbashyly Pervyye) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Xındırıstan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835408" title="Şıxlar, Agdam">
Şıxlar, Agdam

Şıxlar (also, Shykhlar-Karvend and Shykhlyar) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835432" title="Şıxlar">
Şıxlar

Şıxlar or Shykhlyar or Shikhlyar or Shykhlar or Shiglyar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18835439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835439" title="Qarapirimli, Agdam">
Qarapirimli, Agdam

Qarapirimli (, also Karapirimli, Ghara'pirimli, and Karapirum) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18835445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835445" title="Wafaa Abed Al Razzaq">
Wafaa Abed Al Razzaq

Wafaa Abed Al Razzaq () is an Iraqi poet and writer. She was born at 1952 in Basra / Iraq. She currently resides in London / UK and holds a bachelor's degree in accounting.
Contributions.
Wafaa Abed Al Razzaq participated in a lot of poetry festivals and in the foundation of:
Publications.
Translation.
"From the Dairy of the War Chilled", translated from Arabic to French by Hédia DRIDI, co-revised by Josyane De Jesus-Bergey et Mohamed Rafrafi and published by L'Harmattan Edition, Paris December 2008, with the title: "Mémoires de l'enfant de la guerre – Ne volez pas ma voix".
Currently under publication.
"From the Dairy of the War Chilled": A poetry book that carries a message against war and calls for world peace. The book is currently under production for an 80 minutes film against war.

</doc>
<doc id="18835448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835448" title="Alexandra Tower, Liverpool">
Alexandra Tower, Liverpool

Alexandra Tower is a residential tower located in the newly developed Princes Dock area of Liverpool, England. It was constructed between 2005 and 2008 and upon completion became the sixth tallest building in Liverpool. The tower has a total 27 floors, with 201 apartments, reaching a height of .
In March 2010, a decorative glass panel shattered and fell from the building onto the ground below. The cause is not known, although it is thought that temperature fluctuations caused by overnight freezing and subsequent heating during the day may have been responsible. To date only some safety scaffolding remains in place to catch any falling debris.

</doc>
<doc id="18835453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835453" title="Qarapirimli">
Qarapirimli

Qarapirimli or Karapirimli or Kararpirum or Karapirili may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18835454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835454" title="Suicide attack">
Suicide attack

A suicide attack is an attack upon a target in which an attacker intends to kill others and/or cause great damage, knowing that he or she will either certainly or most likely die in the process. Between 1981 and 2006, 1200 suicide attacks occurred around the world, constituting 4% of all terrorist attacks but 32% (14,599 people) of all terrorism-related deaths. 90% of these attacks occurred in Iraq, Israel, Afghanistan, Pakistan or Sri Lanka.
Modern suicide terrorism is the targeted use of self-destructing human beings against non-combatant—typically civilian—populations to effect political change. Although a suicide attack aims to destroy an initial target, its primary use is a weapon of psychological warfare intended to affect a larger public audience. The primary target is not those that are killed but those made to witness it.
Although use of suicide attacks has occurred throughout recent history—particularly with the Japanese "Kamikaze" pilots of World War II—its main notoriety as a specific kind of attack began in the 1980s and involved explosives deliberately carried to the target either on the person or in a civilian vehicle and delivered by surprise. Following the success of a 1983 truck bombing of two barracks buildings in Beirut that killed 300 and helped drive American and French Multinational Force troops from Lebanon, the tactic spread to insurgent groups like the Tamil Tigers of Sri Lanka, and Islamist groups such as Hamas.
More recently, the number of suicide attacks has grown significantly, from an average of less than five a year in the 1980s to 180/year in 2001-2005, and from 81 suicide attacks in 2001 to 460 in 2005. Particularly hard-hit by attacks have been military and civilian targets in Sri Lanka, Israeli targets in Israel since April 1993, Iraqis since the US-led invasion of that country in 2003, and Pakistanis and Afghans since 2005.
Some observers believe that suicide attacks have become popular because of their lethal effectiveness, but attackers' motivation is disputed. Robert Pape attributes over 90% of attacks prior to the Iraq Civil War to a goal of withdrawal of occupying forces. Anthropologist Scott Atran argues that since 2004 the overwhelming majority of bombers have been motivated by the ideology of Islamist martyrdom, and these attacks have been much more numerous. In just two years—2004–2005—there were more suicide attacks, "roughly 600, than in Pape's entire sample." By contrast, professor Adam Lankford contends that although suicide attackers are used by organizations for political purposes and claim to be ideologically-driven "martyrs," they are actually suicidal in the clinical sense and are attempting to escape personal crises. Although Pape noted that personal crises may be a contributing factor in at least some cases, he also insisted that threats from occupiers to local culture has been a major driver. In Iraq and Afghanistan, suicide terrorism spiked when the occupiers failed to establish reasonable relations with local leaders and virtually disappeared when the occupiers had reasonable relations with the local population and leadership.
In recent times, the usual means of suicide attack are an individual wearing a vest or driving a vehicle filled with explosives because the attacker can cause significant casualties and devastation within a short time. Synonyms include suicide bombing, suicide-homicide bombing, martyrdom operation, and predatory martyrdom.
Tactics.
Historical.
To counter the superior numbers of the Chola dynasty empire's army in the 11th century CE, suicide squads were raised by the Indian Chera rulers. This helped the Cheras to resist Chola invasion and maintain the independence of their kingdom from the time of Kulothunga Chola I. These warriors were known as the "chavers". Later, these suicide squads rendered service as police, volunteer troop and fighting squads in the region. Now their primary duty was to assist local rulers in battles and skirmishes. The rulers of the state of Valluvanad are known to have deployed a number of suicide squads against the ruler of Calicut.
In the late 17th century Qing official Yu Yonghe recorded that injured Dutch soldiers fighting against Koxinga's forces for control of Taiwan in 1661 would use gunpowder to blow up both themselves and their opponents rather than be taken prisoner. However, the Chinese observer may have confused such suicidal tactics with the standard Dutch military practice of undermining and blowing up positions recently overrun by the enemy which almost cost Koxinga his life during the siege.
In the 18th century, John Paul Jones wrote about Ottoman sailors setting their own ships on fire and ramming the ships of their enemies, while refusing to leave their vessels, although they knew this meant certain death for them.
The 1927 Bath School disaster ended when the perpetrator, Andrew Kehoe, detonated explosives in his truck, killing himself and several others.
Rudolf Christoph Freiherr von Gersdorff intended to assassinate Adolf Hitler by suicide bomb in 1943, but was unable to complete the attack.
During the Battle for Berlin the "Luftwaffe" flew "Selbstopfereinsatz" ("self-sacrifice missions") against Soviet bridges over the Oder River. These missions were flown by pilots of the Leonidas Squadron under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Heiner Lange. From 17 April until 20 April 1945, using any aircraft that were available, the "Luftwaffe" claimed that the squadron destroyed 17 bridges. However, the military historian Antony Beevor when writing about the incident thinks that this was exaggerated and that only the railway bridge at Küstrin was definitely destroyed. He comments that "thirty-five pilots and aircraft was a high price to pay for such a limited and temporary success". The missions were called off when the Soviet ground forces reached the vicinity of the squadron's airbase at Jüterbog.
Following World War II, Viet Minh "death volunteers" fought against the French Colonial Forces by using a long stick-like explosive to destroy French tanks.
An Arab Christian military officer from Syria, Jules Jammal, used a suicide bomb attack to bring down a French ship during the Suez Crisis in 1956. 
Modern.
Islamic Jihad Organization's attacks in 1983 during the Lebanese Civil War are the first examples of the modern suicide terrorism. Workers Party of Kurdistan (PKK) used its first suicide attack in 1996, and Al-Qaeda in the mid-1990s. The number of attacks using suicide tactics has grown from an average of fewer than five per year during the 1980s to 180 per year between 2000 and 2005, and from 81 suicide attacks in 2001 to 460 in 2005. These attacks have been aimed at diverse military and civilian targets, including in Sri Lanka, in Israel since July 6, 1989, in Iraq since the US-led invasion of that country in 2003, in Pakistan since 2001 and in Afghanistan since 2005 and in Somalia since 2006.
Between 1980 and 2000 the largest number of suicide attacks was carried out by separatist Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) of Sri Lanka. The first suicide attack by LTTE was in 1987. The number of attacks conducted by LTTE was almost double that of nine other major extremist organizations.
In Israel, Gaza and the West Bank, suicide bombings have generally been perpetrated by Islamist and occasionally by secular Palestinian groups including the PFLP. In 1993, Hamas carried out the first suicide attack. Between October 2000 and October 2006, there were 167 clearly identified suicide bomber attacks, with 51 other types of suicide attack. It has been suggested that there were so many volunteers for the "Istishhadia" in the Second Intifada in Israel and the occupied territories, that recruiters and dispatchers had a 'larger pool of candidates' than ever before.
In the ten years after September 11, 2001, there were 336 suicide attacks in Afghanistan and 303 in Pakistan, while there were 1,003 documented suicide attacks in Iraq between March 20, 2003, and December 31, 2010. Suicide bombings have also become a tactic in Chechnya, first being used in the conflict in 2000 in Alkhan Kala. A number of suicide attacks have also occurred in Russia as a result of the Chechen conflict, notably including the Moscow theater hostage crisis in 2002 to the Beslan school hostage crisis in 2004. The 2010 Moscow Metro bombings are also believed to result from the Chechen conflict.
There have also been suicide attacks in Western Europe and the United States. The September 11 World Trade Center and Pentagon attacks killed nearly 3000 people in New York, Washington D.C and Shanksville, Pennsylvania in 2001. An attack in London on 7 July 2005 killed 52 people.
Japanese "Kamikaze".
The tactics of the "Kamikaze", a ritual act of self-sacrifice by state military forces, occurred during combat in a large scale at the end of World War II. These suicide attacks, carried out by Japanese kamikaze bombers, were used as a military tactic aimed at causing material damage in the war. In the Pacific Allied ships were attacked by kamikaze pilots who caused significant damage by flying their explosive-laden aircraft into military targets.
In these attacks, airplanes were used as flying bombs. Later in the war, as Japan became more desperate, this act became formalized and ritualized, as planes were outfitted with explosives specific to the task of a suicide mission. Kamikaze strikes were a weapon of asymmetric war used by the Empire of Japan against United States Navy and Royal Navy aircraft carriers, although the armoured flight deck of the Royal Navy carriers diminished Kamikaze effectiveness.
The Japanese Navy also used piloted torpedoes called "kaiten" ("Heaven shaker") on suicide missions. Although sometimes called midget submarines, these were modified versions of the unmanned torpedoes of the time and are distinct from the torpedo-firing midget submarines used earlier in the war, which were designed to infiltrate shore defenses and return to a mother ship after firing their torpedoes. Though extremely hazardous, these midget submarine attacks were not technically suicide missions, as the earlier midget submarines had escape hatches. Kaitens, by contrast, provided no means of escape.
Definition.
Suicide terrorism is a problematic term to define. There is an ongoing debate on definitions of terrorism itself. Kofi Annan, as Secretary General of the UN, defined terrorism in March 2005 in the General Assembly as any action "intended to cause death or serious bodily harm to civilians or non-combatants" for the purpose of intimidation. This definition would distinguish suicide terrorism from suicide bombing in that suicide bombing does not necessarily target non-combatants, and is not widely accepted.
For example, Jason Burke, a journalist who has lived among Islamic militants himself, whilst preferring the term 'militancy' to 'terrorism', suggests that most define terrorism as 'the use or threat of serious violence' to advance some kind of 'cause', and stresses that terrorism is a tactic. Burke leaves the target of such actions out of the definition, although he is also clear in calling suicide bombings 'abhorrent'. F. Halliday meanwhile draws attention to the fact that assigning the descriptor of 'terrorist' or 'terrorism' to the actions of a group is a tactic used by states to deny 'legitimacy' and 'rights to protest and rebel', although similar to Burke does not define terrorism in terms of the militance of the victim as did Kofi Annan. His preferred approach is to focus on the specific aspects within terrorism that we can study without using the concept itself, laden as it is with 'such distortion and myth'. This means focusing on the specific components of 'terror' and 'political violence' within terrorism.
With awareness of that debate in mind, suicide terrorism itself has been defined by A. Pedahzur as "A diversity of violent actions perpetrated by people who are aware that the odds they will return alive are close to zero." This captures suicide bombing, and the range of suicide tactics below.
Female suicide bombers.
According to a report issued by intelligence analysts in the U.S. army in 2011, "Although women make up roughly 15% of the suicide bombers within groups which utilize females, they were responsible for 65% of assassinations; 20% of women who committed a suicide attack did so with the purpose of assassinating a specific individual, compared with 4% of male attackers." The report further stated that female suicide bombers often were "grieving the loss of family members seeking revenge against those they feel are responsible for the loss, unable to produce children, [and/or dishonored through sexual indiscretion." Female suicide bombers are thus presented as being predominantly motivated by non-political factors, as opposed to their male counterparts.
Female suicide bombers have been employed in many, predominantly nationalistic, conflicts by a variety of organizations against both military and civilian targets:
Profile of attackers.
Studies have shown conflicting results about what defines a suicide attacker. Criminal Justice professor Adam Lankford recently identified more than 130 individual suicide terrorists, including 9/11 ringleader Mohamed Atta, with classic suicidal risk factors, such as depression, post-traumatic stress disorder, other mental health problems, drug addictions, serious physical injuries or disabilities, or having suffered the unexpected death of a loved one or from other personal crises. These findings have been further supported by psychologist Ariel Merari, whose interviews and assessments of suicide bombers, regular terrorists, and terrorist recruiters found that only members of the first group showed major risk factors for conventional suicide.
Robert Pape, director of the Chicago Project on Suicide Terrorism, found the majority of suicide bombers came from the educated middle classes. A study of the remains of 110 suicide bombers for the first part of 2007 by Afghan pathologist Dr. Yusef Yadgari, found 80% were missing limbs before the blasts, other suffered from cancer, leprosy, or some other ailments. Also in contrast to earlier findings of suicide bombers, the Afghan bombers were "not celebrated like their counterparts in other Arab nations. Afghan bombers are not featured on posters or in videos as martyrs."
Anthropologist Scott Atran's research has found an extremely sharp increase in suicide attacks. Atran says that the attacks are not organized from the top down, but occurs from the bottom up. That is, it is usually a matter of following one's friends, and ending up in environments that foster groupthink. Atran is also critical of the claim that terrorists simply crave destruction; they are often motivated by beliefs they hold sacred, as well as their own moral reasoning.
A recently published paper by Harvard University Professor of Public Policy Alberto Abadie "castdoubt on the widely held belief that terrorism stems from poverty, finding instead that terrorist violence is related to a nation's level of political freedom." More specifically this is due to the transition of countries towards democratic freedoms. "Intermediate levels of political freedom are often experienced during times of political transitions, when governments are weak, political instability is elevated, so conditions are favorable for the appearance of terrorism".
A study by German scholar Arata Takeda analyzes analogous behavior represented in literary texts from the antiquity through the 20th century (Sophocles' "Ajax", Milton's "Samson Agonistes", Schiller's "The Robbers", Albert Camus's "The Just Assassins") and comes to the conclusion "that suicide bombings are not the expressions of specific cultural peculiarities or exclusively religious fanaticisms. Instead, they represent a strategic option of the desperately weak who strategically disguise themselves under the mask of apparent strength, terror, and invincibility."
Some suicide bombers are educated, with college or university experience, and come from middle class homes. Humam Balawi, for example, who perpetrated the Camp Chapman attack in Afghanistan in 2010, was a medical doctor. They are also most often young adult men. Leaders of the groups who perpetrate these attacks claim that they search for individuals who can be trusted to carry out the mission, and that those with mental illnesses are not considered ideal candidates.
Use of suicide terror against civilian targets has differing effects on the attackers' goals (see reaction below). Some economists suggest that this tactic goes beyond symbolism and is actually a response to commodified, controlled, or devalued lives, as the suicide attackers apparently consider family prestige and financial compensation from the community as compensation for their own lives. Whether such motivation is significant as compared to political or religious feeling remains unclear.
Idealism.
The doctrine of asymmetric warfare views suicide attacks as a result of an imbalance of power, in which groups with little significant power resort to suicide bombing as a convenient tactic (see advantages noted above) to demoralize the targeted civilians or government leadership of their enemies. Suicide bombing may also take place as a perceived response to actions or policies of a group with greater power. Groups which have significant power have no need to resort to suicide bombing to achieve their aims; consequently, suicide bombing is overwhelmingly used by guerrillas, and other irregular fighting forces. Among many such groups, there are religious overtones to martyrdom: attackers and their supporters may believe that their sacrifice will be rewarded in an afterlife. Suicide attackers often believe that their actions are in accordance with moral or social standards because they are aimed at fighting forces and conditions that they perceive as unjust.
Robert Pape's studies have found that suicide attacks are most often provoked by political occupation. Pape found the targeted countries were ones where the government was democratic and public opinion played a role in determining policy. Other characteristics Pape found included a difference in religion between the attackers and occupiers, and that there was grassroots support for the attacks. Attackers were disproportionately from the educated middle classes. Characteristics which Pape thought to be correlated to suicide bombing and bombers included: brutality and cruelty of the occupiers, and competition among militant groups.
Other researchers have argued that Pape's analysis is fundamentally flawed, particularly his contention that democracies are the main targets of such attacks. Atran found that non-Islamic groups have carried out very few bombings since 2003, while bombing by Muslim or Islamist groups associated with a "global ideology" of "martyrdom" has skyrocketed. In one year, in one Muslim country alone – 2004 in Iraq – there were 400 suicide attacks and 2,000 casualties. Still others argue that perceived religious rewards in the hereafter are instrumental in encouraging Muslims to commit suicide attacks. Pape reported, however, that a fine-grained analysis of the time and location of attacks strongly support his conclusion that "foreign military occupation accounts for 98.5% -- and the deployment of American combat forces for 92% -- of all the 1,833 suicide terrorist attacks around the world" between 2004 and 2009. Moreover, ""the success attributed to the surge in 2007 and 2008 was actually less the result of an increase in coalition forces and more to a change of strategy in Baghdad and the empowerment of the Sunnis in Anbar."" (emphasis in the original) The same logic can be seen in Afghanistan. In 2004 and early 2005, NATO occupied the north and west, controlled by the Northern Alliance, whom NATO had previously helped fight the Taliban. An enormous spike in suicide terrorism only occurred later in 2005 as NATO moved into the south and east, which had previously supported the Taliban and saw NATO as a foreign occupation threatening local culture and customs.
Suicide operatives are overwhelmingly male in most groups, but among the Chechen rebels and the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) women form a majority of the attackers.
In his book "Dead for Good", Hugh Barlow describes recent suicide attack campaigns as a new development in the long history of martyrdom that he dubs "predatory martyrdom". Some individuals who now act alone are inspired by emails, radical books, the internet, various new electronic media, and a general public tolerance of extreme teachers and leaders with terrorist agendas.
Islam.
All acts of war in Islam are governed by Islamic legal rules of armed warfare or military jihad. These rules are covered in detail in the classical texts of Islamic jurisprudence. In orthodox Islamic law, jihad is a collective religious obligation on the Muslim community, when the community is endangered or Muslims are subjected to oppression and subjugation. The rules governing such conflicts include not killing women, children or non-combatants, and leaving cultivated or residential areas undamaged. For more than a millennium, these tenets were accepted by Sunnis and Shiites; however, since the 1980s militant Islamists have challenged the traditional Islamic rules of warfare in order to justify suicide attacks.
Islamist militant organisations (including Al-Qaeda, Hamas and Islamic Jihad) argue that suicide operations are justified according to Islamic law, despite Islam's strict prohibition of suicide and murder.
Militant Muslim groups that carry out suicide attacks say that they believe their actions fulfill the obligation of jihad against the "oppressor" and that they will be rewarded with paradise; they have found support with some Muslim clerics. Justifications have been given by conservative Iranian Shi'ah cleric Ayatollah Mohammad Taghi Mesbah Yazdi, "When protecting Islam and the Muslim community depends on martyrdom operations, it not only is allowed, but even is an obligation as many of the Shi'ah great scholars and Maraje', including Ayatullah Safi Golpayegani and Ayatullah Fazel Lankarani, have clearly announced in their fatwas." clerics have supported suicide attacks largely in connection with the Palestinian issue. Prominent Sunni cleric Yusuf al-Qaradawi has supported such attacks by Palestinians in perceived defense of their homeland as heroic and an act of resistance. Shiite Lebanese cleric Muhammad Husayn Fadlallah, the spiritual authority recognized by Hezbollah, holds similar views.
The Quranic verse used by Zarein Ahmedzay in support of his actions is Surah 9 At-Tawba verse 111:
Verily, Allah has purchased of the believers their lives and their wealth for the price of Paradise, to fight in the way of Allah, to kill and get killed. It is a promise binding on the truth in the Torah, the Gospel and the Qur'an.
However, multiple Western and Muslim scholars of Islam have pointed out that suicide attacks are a clear violation of classical Islamic law and characterized such attacks against civilians as murderous and sinful. For example, Bernard Lewis states, "The emergence of the now widespread terrorism practice of suicide bombing is a development of the 20th century. It has no antecedents in Islamic history, and no justification in terms of Islamic theology, law, or tradition." Respected Muslim scholars have also condemned suicide bombings as terrorism that is prohibited in Islam with the perpetrators being destined to hell. In condemning suicide attacks, Muslim scholar Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri directly targeted the rationale of Islamists by stating, "Violence is violence. It has no place in Islamic teaching, and no justification can be provided to it...good intention cannot justify a wrong and forbidden act". In January 2006, one of Shia Islam's highest ranking Marja clerics, Ayatollah al-Udhma Yousof al-Sanei also decreed a fatwa against suicide bombing, declaring it as a "terrorist act". which concluded that, 
The technique of suicide bombing is anathema, antithetical and abhorrent to Sunni Islam. It is considered legally forbidden, constituting a reprehensible innovation in the Islamic tradition, morally an enormity of sin combining suicide and murder and theologically an act which has consequences of eternal damnation.
According to a report compiled by the Chicago Project on Suicide Terrorism, 224 of 300 suicide terror attacks from 1980 to 2003 involved Islamist groups or took place in Muslim-majority lands. Another tabulation found a 4.5 fold increase in suicide bombings in the two years following Papes study and that the majority of these bombers were motivated by the ideology of Islamist martyrdom. According to another estimate, as of early 2008, 1,121 Muslim suicide bombers have blown themselves up in Iraq. Recent research on the rationale of suicide bombing has identified both religious and sociopolitical motivations. Those who cite religious factors as an important influence note that religion provides the framework because the bombers believe they are acting in the name of Islam and will be rewarded as martyrs. Since martyrdom is seen as a step towards paradise, those who commit suicide while discarding their community from a common enemy believe that they will reach an ultimate salvation after they die. Leor Halevi, a professor at Vanderbilt University and author of "Muhammad's Grave: Death Rites and the Making of Islamic Society", suggests that some suicide bombers are perhaps motivated by an escape from the potential punishment of the tomb that comes with martyrdom. Other researchers have identified sociopolitical factors as more central in the motivation of suicide attackers.
According to Charles Kimball, chair of the Department of Religion at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, "There is only one verse in the Qur'an that contains a phrase related to suicide", Surah 4 verse 29 of the Quran. It reads:
O you who have believed, do not consume one another's wealth unjustly but only lawful business by mutual consent. And do not kill yourselves. Indeed, Allah is to you ever Merciful.
Some commentators believe that the phrase "do not kill yourselves" is better translated "do not kill each other", and some translations (e.g., by Shakir) reflect that view. Mainstream Islamic groups such as the European Council for Fatwa and Research also cite the Quranic verse as prohibiting suicide: "And take not life, which Allah has made sacred, except by way of justice and law". In addition, the "Hadith" unambiguously forbid suicide including Bukhari 2:445, "The Prophet said, '...whoever commits suicide with a piece of iron will be punished with the same piece of iron in the Hell Fire," and "A man was inflicted with wounds and he committed suicide, and so Allah said: My slave has caused death on himself hurriedly, so I forbid Paradise for him."
The scholars of the Taliban strenuously disagree with the notion that suicide attacks are tantamount to simple suicide. The June 2013 issue of the Taliban magazine "Azan" extolled the virtues of suicide attacks, claiming that "suicide bombing" is a "false term" for jihad martyrdom attacks and cannot be called "suicide according to Islam because… Islam extols the martyrdom operation. So martyrdom operation ≠ Suicide bombing."
The Taliban article cites Quran verse 2:207 in support of suicide bombing: "And amongst mankind is he who sells himself, seeking the pleasure of Allah. And Allah is full of sympathy to (His) slaves", and quotes Ibn Kathir: "The majority of the scholars of Tafsir of the Koran hold that this verse was sent down regarding every mujahid in the path of Allah… and when Hisham ibn 'Amir plunged into the enemy ranks, some of the people objected to this. So, Umar bin Khattab and Abu Huraira recited this verse." (Tafsir ibn Kathir 1/216).
The articles also notes that Abu Huraira and Umar ibn Khattab, the third caliph of Islam approved acts in which the Muslims knew in advance of their certain deaths, and that the authors Maulana Muawiya Hussaini and Ikrimah Anwar cite numerous sayings of Prophet Muhammad on the authority of renowned Islamic jurist Imam Muslim in which the prophet approved of such acts. "The Sahaba of Prophet Muhammad who carried out the attacks almost certainly knew that they were going to be killed during their operations but they still carried them out and such acts were extolled and praised in the sharia."
Recent polling by the Pew Research Center has shown decreases in Muslim support for suicide attacks. In 2011 surveys, less than 15% of Pakistanis, Jordanians, Turks, and Indonesians thought that suicide bombings were sometimes/oftentimes justified. Approximately 28% of Egyptians and 35% of Lebanese felt that suicide bombings were sometimes/oftentimes justified. However, 68% of Palestinians reported that suicide attacks were sometimes/oftentimes justified.
Nationalism.
The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam are considered to have mastered the use of suicide terrorism as "the contemporary terrorist groups engaged in suicide attacks, the LTTE has conducted the largest number of attacks." The LTTE also has a unit, The Black Tigers, which are "constituted exclusively of cadres who have volunteered to conduct suicide operations."
Pape suggests that resentment of foreign occupation and nationalism is the principal motivation for suicide attacks:
Beneath the religious rhetoric with which terror is perpetrated, it occurs largely in the service of secular aims. Suicide terrorism is mainly a response to foreign occupation rather than a product of Islamic fundamentalism... Though it speaks of Americans as infidels, al-Qaida is less concerned with converting us to Islam than removing us from Arab and Muslim lands.
Other views.
According to Atran and former CIA case officer Marc Sageman, support for suicide actions is triggered by moral outrage at perceived attacks against Islam and sacred values, but this is converted to action as a result of small-world factors. Millions express sympathy with global jihad (according to a 2006 Gallup study in involving more than 50,000 interviews in dozens of countries, 7 percent (90 million) of the world's 1.3 billion Muslims consider the 9/11 attacks "completely justified"). Nevertheless, only some thousands show willingness to commit violence (e.g., 60 arrested in the USA, 2400 in Western Europe, 3200 in Saudi Arabia). They tend to go to violence in small groups consisting mostly of friends, and some kin (although friends tend to become kin as they marry one another's sisters and cousins – there are dozens of such marriages among militant members of Southeast Asia's Jemaah Islamiyah). These groups arise within specific "scenes": neighborhoods, schools (classes, dorms), workplaces, and common leisure activities (soccer, paintball, mosque discussion group, barbershop, café, online chat-room).
Case studies.
On January 15, 2008, the son of Mahmoud al-Zahar, the leader of Hamas in the Gaza Strip, was killed (another son was killed in a 2003 assassination attempt on Zahar). Three days later, Israel Defense Minister Ehud Barak ordered Israel Defense Forces to seal all border crossings with Gaza, cutting off the flow of supplies to the territory in an attempt to stop rocket barrages on Israeli border towns. Nevertheless, violence from both sides only increased. On February 4, 2008, two friends (Mohammed Herbawi, Shadi Zghayer), who were members of the Masjad al-Jihad soccer team, staged a suicide bombing at commercial center in Dimona, Israel. Herbawi had previously been arrested as a 17-year-old on March 15, 2003 shortly after a suicide bombing on Haifa bus (by Mamoud al-Qawasmeh on March 5, 2003) and coordinated suicide shooting attacks on Israeli settlements by others on the team (March 7, 2003, Muhsein, Hazem al-Qawasmeh, Fadi Fahuri, Sufian Hariz) and before another set of suicide bombings by team members in Hebron and Jerusalem on May 17–18, 2003 (Fuad al-Qawasmeh, Basem Takruri, Mujahed al-Ja'abri). Although Hamas claimed responsibility for the Dimona attack, the politburo leadership in Damascus and Beirut was clearly initially unaware of who initiated and carried out the attack. It appears that Ahmad al-Ja'abri, military commander of Hamas's Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades in Gaza (and who is also originally from a Hebron clan) requested the suicide attack through Ayoub Qawasmeh, Hamas's military liaison in Hebron, who knew where to look for eager young men who had self-radicalized together and had already mentally prepared themselves for martyrdom.
Background.
The concept of self-sacrifice has long been a part of war. However, many instances of suicide bombing today have intended civilian targets, not military targets alone. "Suicide bombing as a tool of stateless terrorists was dreamed up a hundred years ago by the European anarchists immortalized in Joseph Conrad’s 'Secret Agent.'"
The ritual act of self-sacrifice during combat appeared in a large scale at the end of World War II with the Japanese kamikaze bombers. In these attacks, airplanes were used as flying bombs. Later in the war, as Japan became more desperate, this act became formalized and ritualized, as planes were outfitted with explosives specific to the task of a suicide mission. Kamikaze strikes were a weapon of asymmetric war used by the Empire of Japan against United States Navy and Royal Navy aircraft carriers, although the armoured flight deck of the Royal Navy carriers diminished Kamikaze effectiveness.
The Japanese Navy also used piloted torpedoes called "kaiten" on suicide missions. Although sometimes called midget submarines, these were modified versions of the unmanned torpedoes of the time and are distinct from the torpedo-firing midget submarines used earlier in the war, which were designed to infiltrate shore defences and return to a mother ship after firing their torpedoes. Though extremely hazardous, these midget submarine attacks were not technically suicide missions, as the earlier kaitens had escape hatches. Later kaitens, by contrast, provided no means of escape.
Suicide attacks were used as a military tactic aimed at causing material damage in war, during the Second World War in the Pacific as Allied ships were attacked by Japanese kamikaze pilots who caused maximum damage by flying their explosive-laden aircraft into military targets, not focused on civilian targets.
During the Battle for Berlin the Luftwaffe flew "Self-sacrifice missions" ("Selbstopfereinsatz") against Soviet bridges over the River Oder. These 'total missions' were flown by pilots of the Leonidas Squadron. From April 17-20 of 1945, using any aircraft that were available, the "Luftwaffe" claimed that the squadron destroyed 17 bridges, however the military historian Antony Beevor when writing about the incident thinks that this was exaggerated and that only the railway bridge at Küstrin was definitely destroyed. He comments that "thirty-five pilots and aircraft was a high price to pay for such a limited and temporary success". The missions were called off when the Soviet ground forces reached the vicinity of the squadron's airbase at Jüterbog.
Following World War II, Viet Minh "death volunteers" fought against the French colonial army by using a long stick-like explosive to detonate French tanks, as part of their urban warfare tactics.
In 1972, in the hall of the Lod airport in Tel Aviv, Israel, three Japanese used grenades and automatic rifles to kill 26 people and wound many more. The group belonged to the Japanese Red Army (JRA) a terrorist organization created in 1969 and allied to the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP). Until then, no group involved in terrorism had conducted such a suicide operation in Israel. Members of the JRA became instructors in martial art and kamikaze operations at several training camps bringing the suicide techniques to the Middle East.
1980 to present.
Modern suicide bombing—involving explosives deliberately carried to the target either on the person or in a civilian vehicle and delivered by surprise—has been dated from 1981. It was used by factions of the Lebanese Civil War and especially by the Tamil Tigers (LTTE) of Sri Lanka. The tactic had spread to dozens of countries by 2005. Those hardest-hit are Sri Lanka during its prolonged ethnic conflict, Lebanon during its civil war, Israel and the Palestinian Territories since 1994, and Iraq since the US-led invasion in 2003. Since 2006, al-Shabaab and its predecessor, the Islamic Courts, have carried out major suicide attacks in Somalia.
The Islamic Dawa Party's car bombing of the Iraqi embassy in Beirut in December 1981 and Hezbollah's bombing of the U.S. embassy in April 1983 and attack on United States Marine and French barracks in October 1983 brought suicide bombings international attention. Other parties to the civil war were quick to adopt the tactic, and by 1999 factions such as Hezbollah, the Amal Movement, the Ba'ath Party, and the Syrian Social Nationalist Party had carried out around 50 suicide bombings between them. (The latter of these groups sent the first recorded female suicide bomber in 1985. Female combatants have existed throughout human history and in many different societies, so it is possible that females who engage in suicidal attacks are not new.) Hezbollah was the only one to attack overseas, bombing the Israeli embassy (and possibly the Argentine-Israeli Mutual Association building) in Buenos Aires; as its military and political power have grown, it has since abandoned the tactic.
Lebanon saw the first bombing, but it was the Tamil Tigers in Sri Lanka who perfected the tactic and inspired its use elsewhere. Their Black Tiger unit has committed between 76 and 168 (estimates vary) suicide bombings since 1987, the higher estimates putting them behind more than half of the world's suicide bombings between 1980 and 2000. The list of victims include former Indian Prime Minister, Rajiv Gandhi, and the president of Sri Lanka, Ranasinghe Premadasa.
Suicide bombing is a popular tactic among Palestinian militant organizations like Hamas, Islamic Jihad, and the Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigade. Bombers affiliated with these groups often use so-called "suicide belts", explosive devices (often including shrapnel) designed to be strapped to the body under clothing. In order to maximize the loss of life, the bombers seek out cafés or city buses crowded with people at rush hour, or less commonly a military target (for example, soldiers waiting for transport at roadside). By seeking enclosed locations, a successful bomber usually kills a large number of people. In Israel, Palestinian suicide bombers have targeted civilian buses, restaurants, shopping malls, hotels and marketplaces.
Palestinian television has aired a number of music videos and announcements that promote eternal reward for children who seek ""shahada"", which "Palestinian Media Watch" has claimed is "Islamic motivation of suicide terrorists". "The Chicago Tribune" has documented the concern of Palestinian parents that their children are encouraged to take part in suicide operations. Israeli sources have also alleged that Hamas, Islamic Jihad and Fatah operate "Paradise Camps", training children as young as 11 to become suicide bombers.
The Kurdistan Workers' Party has also employed suicide bombings in the scope of its guerrilla attacks on Turkish security forces since the beginning of their insurgency against the Turkish state in 1984. Although the majority of PKK activity is focused on village guards, gendarme, and military posts, they have employed suicide bombing tactics on tourist sites and commercial centers in Western Turkish cities, especially during the peak of tourism season.
The 9/11/01 World Trade Center attack involved the hijacking of large passenger jets which were deliberately flown into the towers of the World Trade Center in New York City and the Pentagon, killing everyone aboard the planes and thousands more in and around the targeted buildings. The passenger jets selected were required to be fully fueled to fly cross-country, turning the planes themselves into the largest suicide bombs in history. The 'September 11th' attacks also had a vast economic and political impact: for the cost of the lives of the 19 hijackers and financial expenditure of around US$100,000, al-Qaeda, the militant Islamist group responsible for the attacks, effected a trillion-dollar drop in global markets within one week, and triggered massive increases in military and security expenditure in response.
On December 22, 2001, Richard Reid attempted to destroy the American Airlines Flight 63 by the means of a bomb hidden in a shoe. He was arrested after his attempt was foiled when he was unable to light the bomb's fuse.
After the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003, Iraqi and foreign insurgents carried out waves of suicide bombings. They attacked United States military targets, although many civilian targets (e.g. Shiite mosques, international offices of the UN and the Red Cross, Iraqi men waiting to apply for jobs with the new army and police force) were also attacked. In the lead up to the Iraqi parliamentary election, on January 30, 2005, suicide attacks upon civilian and security personnel involved with the elections increased, and there were reports of the insurgents co-opting disabled people as involuntary suicide bombers.
In the first eight months of 2008, Pakistan overtook Iraq and Afghanistan in suicide bombings, with 28 bombings killing 471 people.
First the targets were American soldiers, then mostly Israelis, including women and children. From Lebanon and Israel, the technique of suicide bombing moved to Iraq, where the targets have included mosques and shrines, and the intended victims have mostly been Shiite Iraqis. The newest testing ground is Afghanistan, where both the perpetrators and the targets are orthodox Sunni Muslims. Not long ago, a bombing in Lashkar Gah, the capital of Helmand Province, killed Muslims, including women, who were applying to go on pilgrimage to Mecca. Overall, the trend is definitively in the direction of Muslim-on-Muslim violence. By a conservative accounting, more than three times as many Iraqis have been killed by suicide bombings in the last 3 years as have Israelis in the last 10. Suicide bombing has become the archetype of Muslim violence – not just to Westerners but also to Muslims themselves.
Public Surveys.
The Pew Global Attitudes Project surveys Muslim publics to measure support for suicide bombing and other forms of violence that target civilians in order to defend Islam. In the annual poll, the highest support for such acts has been reported by Palestinians (at approximately 70 percent), except for years in which Palestinians were not surveyed. The lowest support has generally been observed in Turkey (between 3 and 17 percent, depending on the year). The 2009 report concluded that support for suicide bombing has declined in recent years, especially in Pakistan, where support dropped from 33 percent in 2002 (the first year of the survey) to 5 percent in 2009.
Response.
World leaders, especially those of countries that experience suicide bombings, usually express resolve to continue on their previous course of affairs after such attacks. They denounce suicide bombings and sometimes vow not to let such bombings deter ordinary people from going about their everyday economic business.
Suicide bombings are sometimes followed by reprisals. As a successful suicide bomber cannot be targeted, the response is often a targeting of those believed to have sent the bomber. In targeting such organizations, Israel often uses military strikes against organizations, individuals, and possibly infrastructure. In the West Bank the IDF formerly demolished homes that belong to families whose children (or renters whose tenants) had volunteered for such missions (whether successfully or not), though an internal review starting in October 2004 brought an end to the policy. The effectiveness of suicide bombings—notably those of the Japanese kamikazes, the Palestinian bombers, and even the September 11, 2001 attacks—is debatable. Although kamikaze attacks could not stop the Allied advance in the Pacific, they inflicted more casualties and delayed the fall of Japan for longer than might have been the case using only the conventional methods available to the Japanese Empire. The attacks reinforced the resolution of the World War II Allies to destroy the Imperial force, and likely would have been considered in the decision to use atomic bombs against Japan.
In the case of the September 11 attacks, the long-term effects remain to be seen, but in the short term, the results were negative for Al-Qaeda, as well as the Taliban Movement. Since the September 11 attacks, Western nations have diverted massive resources towards stopping similar actions, as well as tightening up borders, and military actions against various countries believed to have been involved with terrorism. Critics of the War on Terrorism suggest the results were negative, as the proceeding actions of the United States and other countries has increased the number of recruits, and their willingness to carry out suicide bombings.
It is more difficult to determine whether Palestinian suicide bombings have proved to be a successful tactic. In the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the suicide bombers were repeatedly deployed since the Oslo Accords.
In 1996, the Israelis elected the conservative candidate Benjamin Netanyahu who promised to restore safety by conditioning every step in the peace process on Israel's assessment of the Palestinian Authority's fulfillment of its obligations in curbing violence as outlined in the Oslo agreements.
In the course of al-Aqsa Intifada which followed the collapse of the Camp David II summit between the PLO and Israel, the number of suicide attacks increased. In response, Israel mobilized its army in order to seal off the Gaza Strip and reinstate military control of the West Bank, patrolling the area with tanks. The Israelis also began a campaign of targeted killings to kill militant Palestinian leaders, using jets and helicopters to deploy high-precision bombs and missiles.
The suicide missions, having killed and injured many Israelis, are believed by some to have brought on a move to the political right, increasing public support for hard-line policies towards the Palestinians, and a government headed by the former general, prime minister Ariel Sharon. In response to the suicide bombings, Sharon's government has imposed restrictions on the Palestinian community, making many aspects of life difficult for them. The Separation barrier under construction seems to be part of the Israeli government's efforts to stop suicide bombers from entering Israel.
Social support by some for this activity remained, however, as of the calling of a truce at the end of June 2003. This may be due to the economic or social purpose of the suicide bombing and the bombers' refusal to accept external judgements on those who sanction them.
If the objective is to kill as many people as possible, suicide bombing by terrorists may thus "work" as a tactic in that it costs fewer lives than any conventional military tactic and targeting unarmed civilians is much easier than targeting soldiers. As an objective designed to achieve some form of favorable outcome, especially a political outcome, most believe it to be a failure. Terrorist campaigns involving the targeting of civilians have never won a war. Analysts believe that in order to win or succeed, any guerrilla or terrorist campaign must first transform into something more than a guerrilla or terrorist movement. Such analysts believe that a terrorist cause has little political attraction and success may be achieved only by renouncing terrorism and transforming the passions into politics.
Often extremists assert that, because they are outclassed militarily, suicide bombings are necessary. For example, the former leader of Hamas Sheikh Ahmad Yassin stated: "Once we have warplanes and missiles, then we can think of changing our means of legitimate self-defense. But right now, we can only tackle the fire with our bare hands and sacrifice ourselves."
Such views are challenged both from the outside and from within Islam. According to Islamic jurist and scholar Khaled Abou Al-Fadl,
The classical jurists, nearly without exception, argued that those who attack by stealth, while targeting noncombatants in order to terrorize the resident and wayfarer, are corrupters of the earth. "Resident and wayfarer" was a legal expression that meant that whether the attackers terrorize people in their urban centers or terrorize travelers, the result was the same: all such attacks constitute a corruption of the earth. The legal term given to people who act this way was "muharibun" (those who wage war against society), and the crime is called the crime of "hiraba" (waging war against society). The crime of "hiraba" was so serious and repugnant that, according to Islamic law, those guilty of this crime were considered enemies of humankind and were not to be given quarter or sanctuary anywhere.
Those who are familiar with the classical tradition will find the parallels between what were described as crimes of "hiraba" and what is often called terrorism today nothing short of remarkable. The classical jurists considered crimes such as assassinations, setting fires, or poisoning water wells – that could indiscriminately kill the innocent – as offenses of "hiraba". Furthermore, hijacking methods of transportation or crucifying people in order to spread fear are also crimes of "hiraba". Importantly, Islamic law strictly prohibited the taking of hostages, the mutilation of corpses, and torture.
The Grand Mufti of Saudi Arabia, Abdul-Aziz ibn Abdullah Al Shaykh, issued a fatwa on September 12, 2013 that suicide bombings are "great crimes" and bombers are "criminals who rush themselves to hell by their actions". Sheikh described suicide bombers as "robbed of their minds... who have been used (as tools) to destroy themselves and societies."
On September 16, 2013 he condemned violence against non-Muslims living in Islamic countries or Muslims labeled as infidels. The Grand Mufti condemned acts that cause the “shedding of blood of Muslims and of those living in their counties in peace.” Sheikh Al Shaykh stated, “Given the dangerous developments in the Muslim world, I would like to warn against the danger of attacking Muslims and those (non-Muslims) under Muslim protection.”
“In view of the fast-moving dangerous developments in the Islamic world, it is very distressing to see the tendencies of permitting or underestimating the shedding of blood of Muslims and those under protection in their countries. The sectarian or ignorant utterances made by some of these people would benefit none other than the greedy, vindictive and envious people. Hence, we would like to draw attention to the seriousness of the attacks on Muslims or those who live under their protection or under a pact with them,” Sheikh Al-AsShaikh said, quoting a number of verses from the Qur'an and Hadith.
Usage of term.
The usage of the term "suicide bombing" dates back to at least 1940. A 10 August 1940 New York Times article of mentions the term in relation to German tactics. A 4 March 1942 article refers to a Japanese attempt as a "suicide bombing" on an American carrier. The Times (London) of 15 April 1947, p. 2, refers to a new pilotless, radio-controlled rocket missile thus: "Designed originally as a counter-measure to the Japanese 'suicide-bomber,' it is now a potent weapon for defence or offence". The quotes are in the original and suggest that the phrase was an existing one. An earlier article (21 August 1945, p. 6) refers to a kamikaze plane as a "suicide-bomb". Even earlier, though not using the exact phrase, the magazine Modern Mechanix (February 1936) reports the Italians reacted to a possible oil embargo by stating that they would carry out attacks with "a squadron of aviators pledged to crash their death-laden planes in suicidal dives directly onto the decks of British ships".
The term with the meaning "an attacker blowing up himself or a vehicle to kill others" appeared in 1981, when it was used by Thomas Baldwin in an Associated Press article to describe the bombing of the Iraqi Embassy in Beirut.
In order to assign either a more positive or negative connotation to the act, suicide bombing is sometimes referred to by different terms. Islamists often call the act a "isshtahad" (meaning "martyrdom operation"), and the suicide bomber a "shahid" (pl. "shuhada", literally 'witness' and usually translated as 'martyr'). The term denotes one who died in order to testify his faith in God, for example those who die while waging "jihad bis saif"; it is applied to suicide bombers, by the Palestinian Authority among others, in part to overcome Islamic strictures against suicide. This term has been embraced by Hamas, Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Fatah and other Palestinian factions engaging in suicide bombings. (The title is by no means restricted to suicide bombers and can be used for a wide range of people, including innocent victims; Muhammad al-Durra, for example, is among the most famous "shuhada" of the Intifada, and even a few non-Palestinians such as Tom Hurndall and Rachel Corrie have been called "shahid").
Homicide bombing.
Some effort has been made to replace the term "suicide bombing" with the term homicide bombing by certain commentators and news outlets. The first such use was by White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer in April 2002. However, it has failed to catch on; the only major media outlets to use it were "Fox News Channel" and the "New York Post" (both owned by News Corporation).
Supporters of the term "homicide bombing" argue that since the primary purpose of such a bombing is to kill other people rather than merely to end one's own life, the term "homicide" is a more accurate description than "suicide". However, any bombing intended to cause human deaths can be classified as a "homicide bombing." Therefore, some have argued that "homicide bombing" is a less useful term, since it fails to capture the distinctive feature of suicide bombings: namely, the bombers' use of means which they are aware will inevitably bring about their own deaths.
Another attempted replacement is genocide bombing. The term was coined in 2002 by a Jewish member of the Canadian parliament, Irwin Cotler, in an effort to replace the term "homicide bomber" as a substitute for "suicide bomber." The intention was to focus attention on the alleged intention of genocide by militant Palestinians in their calls to "Wipe Israel off the map."
In the German-speaking area the term sacrifice bombing (Ger. Opferanschlag) was proposed in 2012 by German scholar Arata Takeda.

</doc>
<doc id="18835473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835473" title="Silvio Scionti">
Silvio Scionti

Silvio Vittore Alberto Scionti (, ; ; born 20 November 1882; d 22 May 1973) was an Italian-born American pianist and teacher. Born in Acireale, Sicily, he trained at the Royal Conservatory in Naples. He eventually settled in the United States, teaching at the American Conservatory of Music, the Chicago Musical College, and the University of North Texas College of Music from 1942 to 1953, and privately in the Dallas area. He performed as a soloist numerous times with the Chicago and Minneapolis orchestras, and frequently gave recitals. After 1935, he and his wife Isabel toured Europe, Mexico, and the United States. He also recorded a handful of piano rolls.
Scionti died in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="18835482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835482" title="Francis Coleman">
Francis Coleman

Francis Coleman (12 January 192410 April 2008) was a conductor and television producer and director.
Born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, Coleman began working in an office at the age of fourteen while studying music at evening classes. He continued his musical education at McGill University, the Conservatoire de musique et d'art dramatique du Québec and then the Eastman School of Music in Rochester, New York, before conducting under Pierre Monteux.
Coleman conducted a range of ensembles, including the Royal Canadian Air Force band, and was appointed the first musical director of the Royal Winnipeg Ballet. This led him to become the editor of "Dance Magazine". He also conducted concerts broadcast for CBC Radio, and it was this which attracted him to work on CBFT, the first television station in Canada, when it launched in September 1952. He initially worked on the bilingual news programme, and had produced more than 500 shows by 1958, including coverage of Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom's coronation.
Coleman was invited to work at Granada Television in England by Sidney Bernstein. He produced a variety of programmes, including "Spot the Tune", "Shadow Squad" and "Chelsea at Nine". He soon moved to London where he worked for ATV, for whom he directed twenty-six schools programmes entitled "Içi la France". This led on to other French language documentary work, for which he was created a Chevalier of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. Also for ATV, he produced John Betjeman's "Steam and Stained Glass"; the UK's first hidden camera show, Bob Boothby's "Dinner Party"; and the country's first consumer programme, "On The Braden Beat".
In 1964, Coleman was appointed Senior Producer, Music and Arts at the newly launched BBC 2. He produced a wide range of specials and series, including "Shakespeare and Music", "Solti on Conducting" and "Peter Ustinov on Peter Ustinov". He recorded "II Trovatore" in Rome which was shown as live, an original idea at the time, and later applied the same treatment to Monteverdi's Vespers from Venice.
Coleman moved to become Head of Religious, Children's and Education Programmes at London Weekend Television in 1968, during which time he won the first Japan Prize for education. Next, he went to Thames Television, first as Head of Schools Programmes, then Head of Arts. He produced the Saint Nicholas Cantata by Benjamin Britten, for which he won the UK's first Prix Italia.
In his spare time, Coleman wrote the "Bluffers Guides" to ballet and opera, was a community activist in Highgate and Muswell Hill and was a Buddhist who appeared on BBC Radio 4's "Thought for the Day".
After retiring from television, Coleman led a campaign to save the Phoenix Cinema in East Finchley, and following its success, ran it for a time. He then moved into lecturing, both at the London International Film School and at City University.
Coleman's two daughters both became actors: Charlotte (who died in 2001) and Lisa.

</doc>
<doc id="18835501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835501" title="Sorrentino">
Sorrentino

Sorrentino is a surname of Italian origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18835504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835504" title="Environment News Service">
Environment News Service

The Environment News Service, referred to as ENS, is an environmental news agency which provides a press release distribution service, World-Wire in addition to original stories. It is privately owned. The Environment News Service maintains two offices. ENS was first published in 1990.
ENS contributors around the world cover issues and events that affect the environment.
The Environment News Service is notable for providing a reporter on the ground for an international audience in the Gulf War. They have provided a news wire service since 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18835511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835511" title="Spathicephalus">
Spathicephalus

Spathicephalus is an extinct genus of Loxommatidae.

</doc>
<doc id="18835541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835541" title="Narcolepsy">
Narcolepsy

Narcolepsy , also known as hypnolepsy, is a chronic neurological disorder caused by the brain's inability to regulate sleep-wake cycles normally. People with narcolepsy often experience disturbed nocturnal sleep and an abnormal daytime sleep pattern, which often is confused with insomnia. Narcoleptics, when falling asleep, generally experience the REM stage of sleep within 5 minutes, while most people do not experience REM sleep until an hour or so later.
One of the many problems that some narcoleptics experience is cataplexy, a sudden muscular weakness brought on by strong emotions (though many people experience cataplexy without having an emotional trigger).
Narcolepsy is a neurological sleep disorder. It is not caused by mental illness or psychological problems. It is most likely affected by a number of genetic mutations and abnormalities that affect specific biologic factors in the brain, combined with an environmental trigger during the brain's development, such as a virus.
The term "narcolepsy" derives from the French word "narcolepsie" created by the French physician Jean-Baptiste-Édouard Gélineau by combining the Greek νάρκη ("narkē", "numbness" or "stupor"), and λῆψις ("lepsis"), "attack" or "seizure".
Classification.
The 2001 International Classification of Sleep Disorders (ICSD) divides primary hypersomnia syndromes between narcolepsy, idiopathic hypersomnia, and the recurrent hypersomnias (like Klein-Levin syndrome); it further divides narcolepsy into that with cataplexy and that without cataplexy. This ICSD version defines narcolepsy as “a disorder of unknown etiology that is characterized by excessive sleepiness that typically is associated with cataplexy and other REM-sleep phenomena, such as sleep paralysis and hypnagogic hallucinations". It also establishes baseline categorical standards for diagnosis of narcolepsy, through 2 sets of well defined criteria, as follows.
Minimal narcolepsy diagnostic criteria set #1: 
Minimal narcolepsy diagnostic criteria set #2: 
In the absence of clear cataplexy, it becomes much more difficult to make a firm diagnosis of narcolepsy. “Various terms, such as essential hypersomnia, primary hypersomnia, ambiguous narcolepsy, atypical narcolepsy, etc., have been used to classify these patients, who may be in the developing phase of narcolepsy.” 
Since the 2001 ICSD, the classification of primary hypersomnias has been steadily evolving, as further research has shown more overlap between narcolepsy and idiopathic hypersomnia. The 3rd edition of the ICSD is currently being finalized, and its new classification will label narcolepsy caused by hypocretin deficiency as “type 1 narcolepsy,” which is almost always associated with cataplexy. The other primary hypersomnias will remain subdivided based on the presence of SOREMPs. They will be labeled: “type 2 narcolepsy,” with 2 or more SOREMPs on MSLT; and “idiopathic hypersomnia,” with less than 2 SOREMPS.
However, “there is no evidence that the pathophysiology or therapeutic response is substantially different for hypersomnia with or without SOREMPs on the MSLT.” Given this currently understood overlap of idiopathic hypersomnia and narcolepsy, the 5th edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-V) is also updating its classification of the primary hypersomnias. It reclassifies narcolepsy without cataplexy as major somnolence disorder (MSD). Additionally, MSD will encompass all syndromes of hypersomnolence not explained by low hypocretin, including idiopathic hypersomnia (with and without long sleep time) and long sleepers (patients requiring >10 hours sleep/day).
Further complicating these updated classification schemes, overlap between narcolepsy "with" cataplexy and idiopathic hypersomnia has also been reported. A subgroup of narcoleptics with long sleep time, comprising 18% of narcoleptics in one study, had symptoms of both narcolepsy with cataplexy and idiopathic hypersomnia (long sleep time and unrefreshing naps). It is felt that this subgroup might have dysfunction in multiple arousal systems, including hypocretin and GABA (see idiopathic hypersomnia causes).
Signs and symptoms.
The main characteristic of narcolepsy is excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS), even after adequate night time sleep. A person with narcolepsy is likely to become drowsy or fall asleep or just be very tired throughout the day, often at inappropriate times and places. Narcoleptics are not able to experience the amount of restorative deep sleep that healthy people experience- they are not "over-sleeping". In fact, narcoleptics live their entire lives in a constant state of extreme sleep deprivation. Daytime naps may occur with little warning and may be physically irresistible. These naps can occur several times a day. They are typically refreshing, but only for a few hours or less. Vivid dreams may be experienced on a constant or regular basis, even during very brief naps. Drowsiness may persist for prolonged periods of time or simply never cease. In addition, night-time sleep may be fragmented with frequent awakenings.
EDS often begins very mildly. Many narcoleptics become so used to their lack of sleep that they do not realize how unusual their tiredness is.
The classic symptoms of the disorder, often referred to as the "tetrad of narcolepsy," are cataplexy, sleep paralysis, hypnagogic hallucinations, and excessive daytime sleepiness. Other symptoms include automatic behaviors. These symptoms may not occur in all patients. 
In most cases, the first symptom of narcolepsy to appear is excessive and overwhelming daytime sleepiness. The other symptoms may begin alone or in combination months or years after the onset of the daytime naps. There are wide variations in the development, severity, and order of appearance of cataplexy, sleep paralysis, and hypnagogic hallucinations in individuals. Only about 20 to 25 percent of people with narcolepsy experience all four symptoms. The excessive daytime sleepiness generally persists throughout life, but sleep paralysis and hypnagogic hallucinations may not. A rare subset of narcoleptics also experience heightened senses of taste and smell supertaster, phenomenon.
Although these are the common symptoms of narcolepsy, many people with narcolepsy also suffer from insomnia for extended periods of time. The symptoms of narcolepsy, especially the excessive daytime sleepiness and cataplexy, often become severe enough to cause serious problems in a person's social, personal, and professional life. Normally, when an individual is awake, brain waves show a regular rhythm. When a person first falls asleep, the brain waves become slower and less regular. This sleep state is called non-rapid eye movement (NREM) sleep. After about an hour and a half of NREM sleep, the brain waves begin to show a more active pattern again. This sleep state, called REM sleep (rapid eye movement sleep), is when most remembered dreaming occurs. Associated with the EEG-observed waves during REM sleep, muscle atonia is present (called REM atonia).
In narcolepsy, the order and length of NREM and REM sleep periods are disturbed, with REM sleep occurring at sleep onset instead of after a period of NREM sleep. Thus, narcolepsy is a disorder in which REM sleep appears at an abnormal time. Also, some of the aspects of REM sleep that normally occur only during sleep—lack of muscular control, sleep paralysis, and vivid dreams—occur at other times in people with narcolepsy. For example, the lack of muscular control can occur during wakefulness in a cataplexy episode; it is said that there is intrusion of REM atonia during wakefulness. Sleep paralysis and vivid dreams can occur while falling asleep or waking up. Simply put, the brain does not pass through the normal stages of dozing and deep sleep but goes directly into (and out of) rapid eye movement (REM) sleep.
This has several consequences. Night time sleep does not include as much deep sleep, so the brain tries to "catch up" during the day, hence EDS. People with narcolepsy may visibly fall asleep at unpredicted moments (such motions as head bobbing are common). People with narcolepsy fall quickly into what appears to be very deep sleep, and they wake up suddenly and can be disoriented when they do (dizziness is a common occurrence). They have very vivid dreams, which they often remember in great detail. People with narcolepsy may dream even when they only fall asleep for a few seconds.
Causes.
Although the cause of narcolepsy was not determined for many years after its discovery, scientists had discovered conditions that seemed to be associated with an increase in an individual's risk of having the disorder. Specifically, there appeared to be a strong link between narcoleptic individuals and certain genetic conditions. One factor that seemed to predispose an individual to narcolepsy involved an area of Chromosome 6 known as the HLA complex. There appeared to be a correlation between narcoleptic individuals and certain variations in HLA genes, although it was not required for the condition to occur. Certain variations in the HLA complex were thought to increase the risk of an auto-immune response to protein-producing neurons in the brain. The protein produced, called hypocretin or orexin, is responsible for controlling appetite and sleep patterns. Individuals with narcolepsy often have reduced numbers of these protein-producing neurons in their brains. In 2009 the autoimmune hypothesis was supported by research carried out at Stanford University School of Medicine.
The neural control of normal sleep states and the relationship to narcolepsy are only partially understood. In humans, narcoleptic sleep is characterized by a tendency to go abruptly from a waking state to REM sleep with little or no intervening non-REM sleep. The changes in the motor and proprioceptive systems during REM sleep have been studied in both human and animal models. During normal REM sleep, spinal and brainstem alpha motor neuron depolarization produces almost complete atonia of skeletal muscles via an inhibitory descending reticulospinal pathway. Acetylcholine may be one of the neurotransmitters involved in this pathway. In narcolepsy, the reflex inhibition of the motor system seen in cataplexy has features normally seen only in normal REM sleep.
In 2004 researchers in Australia induced narcolepsy-like symptoms in mice by injecting them with antibodies from narcoleptic humans. The research has been published in the Lancet providing strong evidence suggesting that some cases of narcolepsy might be caused by autoimmune disease. Narcolepsy is strongly associated with HLA-DQB1*0602 genotype. There is also an association with HLA-DR2 and HLA-DQ1. This may represent linkage disequilibrium. Despite the experimental evidence in human narcolepsy that there may be an inherited basis for at least some forms of narcolepsy, the mode of inheritance remains unknown. Some cases are associated with genetic diseases such as Niemann-Pick disease or Prader-Willi syndrome.
Currently a link between GlaxoSmithKline's H1N1 flu vaccine Pandemrix and childhood narcolepsy is being investigated due to increased prevalence of narcolepsy in Irish, Finnish and Swedish children after vaccinations. Finland's National Institute of Health and Welfare is recommending that Pandemrix vaccinations be suspended pending further investigation into 15 reported cases of children developing narcolepsy. In Finland in mid-November 2010, 37 cases of children's narcolepsy had been reported by doctors. This can be compared to the normal average of 3 cases of children's narcolepsy per year. "The incidence of narcolepsy with cataplexy in children/adolescents in the Swedish population increased during the pandemic and vaccination period, with a rapid decline in incidence during the post pandemic period." Their conclusion is that these results "provide strengthened evidence that vaccination with Pandemrix during the pandemic period could be associated with an increase in the risk for narcolepsy with cataplexy in predisposed children/adolescents 19 years and younger."
In 2014, a study was published providing evidence that autoimmune CD4+ T-cells against HRCT epitopes may be a causative factor of the disease, as well as reinforcing the association with the influenza H1N1 vaccine.
A retrospective study of several hundred people in China reported that narcolepsy onset is highly correlated with seasonal patterns of upper airway infections, including H1N1 influenza.
Evolution.
Narcolepsy may represent an evolutionary atavism. According to a theory REM sleep is an evolutionary transformation of a well-known defensive mechanism, the tonic immobility reflex. This reflex, also known as animal hypnosis or death feigning, functions as the last line of defense against an attacking predator and consists of the total immobilization of the animal: the animal appears dead (cf. "playing possum"). The neurophysiology and phenomenology of this reaction shows striking similarities to REM sleep, a fact which betrays a deep evolutionary kinship. For example, both reactions exhibit brainstem control, paralysis, sympathetic activation, and thermoregulatory changes. This theory, which integrates many research findings into a unified and evolutionarily well informed framework, also sheds light on the phenomenon of narcolepsy.
Diagnosis.
Diagnosis is relatively easy when all the symptoms of narcolepsy are present, but if the sleep attacks are isolated and cataplexy is mild or absent, diagnosis is more difficult. It is also possible for cataplexy to occur in isolation. Three tests that are commonly used in diagnosing narcolepsy are the polysomnogram, the multiple sleep latency test (MSLT), and administration of the Epworth Sleepiness Scale. These tests are usually performed by a sleep specialist. The polysomnogram involves continuous recording of sleep brain waves and a number of nerve and muscle functions during nighttime sleep. When tested, people with narcolepsy fall asleep rapidly, enter REM sleep early, and may awaken often during the night. The polysomnogram also helps to detect other possible sleep disorders that could cause daytime sleepiness.
The Epworth Sleepiness Scale is a brief questionnaire that is administered to determine the likelihood of the presence of a sleep disorder, including narcolepsy. For the multiple sleep latency test, a person is given a chance to sleep every 2 hours during normal wake times. The patient is taken in usually for an overnight sleep study. The following day the patient will have multiple tests where they will be told to nap after a full nights sleep (usually eight hours). Observations are made of the time taken to reach various stages of sleep (sleep onset latency). This test measures the degree of daytime sleepiness and also detects how soon REM sleep begins. Again, people with narcolepsy fall asleep rapidly and enter REM sleep early. Occasionally, a multiple sleep latency test can result in a false-negative for a narcoleptic.
Recent research has also revealed the possibility of measuring hypocretin levels in a patient's cerebrospinal fluid to diagnose narcolepsy, with abnormally low levels serving as a strong indicator of the disorder. This test can be useful when MSLT results are inconclusive or difficult to interpret. However, the test requires patients to undergo a spinal tap to actually extract the cerebrospinal fluid.
Treatment.
Patients with narcolepsy can be substantially helped, but not cured. Treatment is tailored to the individual, based on symptoms and therapeutic response. The time required to achieve optimal control of symptoms is highly variable, and may take several months or longer. Medication adjustments are frequently necessary, and complete control of symptoms is seldom possible. While oral medications are the mainstay of formal narcolepsy treatment, lifestyle changes are also important.
The main treatment of excessive daytime sleepiness in narcolepsy is central nervous system stimulants such as methylphenidate, amphetamine, methamphetamine, modafinil (Provigil), a new stimulant with a different pharmacologic mechanism, and/or armodafinil (Nuvigil). In Fall 2007 an alert for severe adverse skin reactions to modafinil was issued by the FDA. Other medications used are codeine and selegiline. Another drug that is used is atomoxetine (Strattera), a non-stimulant and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI), that has little or no abuse potential. In many cases, planned regular short naps can reduce the need for pharmacological treatment of the EDS but only improve symptoms for a short duration. A 120-minute nap provided benefit for 3 hours in patient alertness where as a 15-minute nap provided no benefit. Daytime naps are not a replacement for nighttime sleep, especially if a person's body is natively inclined towards a nocturnal life cycle. Ongoing communication between the health care provider, patient, and the patient's family members is important for optimal management of narcolepsy.
Cataplexy and other REM-sleep symptoms are frequently treated with tricyclic antidepressants such as clomipramine, imipramine, or protriptyline, as well as other drugs that suppress REM sleep. Venlafaxine (branded as Effexor XR by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals), an antidepressant which blocks the reuptake of serotonin and norepinephrine, has shown usefulness in managing symptoms of cataplexy, however, it has notable side-effects including sleep disruption.
Another treatment option is sodium oxybate. It can be used for cataplexy associated with narcolepsy and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with narcolepsy.
Using stimulants to mask daytime sleepiness does not address the actual cause of the problem. Stimulants may provide some assistance with daytime activity, but the underlying cause will remain and potentially worsen over time due to the stimulant itself becoming an obstruction to delta wave sleep periods. Lifestyle changes involving reduced stress, more exercise (especially for overweight persons experiencing EDS caused by sleep apnea and snoring) and less stimulant intake (such as coffee and nicotine) are also used to manage the symptoms of narcolepsy.
Epidemiology.
In the United States, it is estimated that this condition afflicts as many as 200,000 Americans, but fewer than 50,000 are diagnosed. It is as widespread as Parkinson's disease or multiple sclerosis and more prevalent than cystic fibrosis, but it is less well known. Narcolepsy is often mistaken for depression, epilepsy, or the side effects of medications. It can also be mistaken for poor sleeping habits, recreational drug use, or laziness. Narcolepsy can occur in both men and women at any age, although its symptoms are usually first noticed in teenagers or young adults. There is strong evidence that narcolepsy may run in families; around 10 percent of people diagnosed with narcolepsy with cataplexy have a close relative with this neurological disorder.
Narcolepsy has its typical onset in adolescence and young adulthood. There is an average 15-year delay between onset and correct diagnosis which may contribute substantially to the disabling features of the disorder. Cognitive, educational, occupational, and psychosocial problems associated with the excessive daytime sleepiness of narcolepsy have been documented. For these to occur in the crucial teen years when education, development of self-image, and development of occupational choice are taking place is especially devastating. While cognitive impairment does occur, it may only be a reflection of the excessive daytime somnolence.
The prevalence of narcolepsy is about 1 per 2,000 persons. It is a reason for patient visits to sleep disorder centers, and with its onset in adolescence, it is also a major cause of learning difficulty and absenteeism from school. Normal teenagers often already experience excessive daytime sleepiness because of a maturational increase in physiological sleep tendency accentuated by multiple educational and social pressures; this may be disabling with the addition of narcolepsy symptoms in susceptible teenagers. In clinical practice, the differentiation between narcolepsy and other conditions characterized by excessive somnolence may be difficult. Treatment options are currently limited. There is a paucity in the literature of controlled double-blind studies of possible effective drugs or other forms of therapy. Mechanisms of action of some of the few available therapeutic agents have been explored but detailed studies of mechanisms of action are needed before new classes of therapeutic agents can be developed. Narcolepsy is an underdiagnosed condition in the general population. This is partly because its severity varies, so it can be mistaken for other illnesses very easily. Some people with narcolepsy do not suffer from loss of muscle control.
Society and culture.
In the British television comedy-drama "Doc Martin", the character Joe Penhale (played by John Marquez) is portrayed as having narcolepsy.
Research.
Histamine-directed medications.
"Based on the role of histamine in keeping people awake (and hence the common side effect of anti-histamines such as diphenhydramine causing sleepiness), medications that act on histamine are under development for the treatment of excessive sleepiness." It remains to be seen whether or not these H3 antagonists (i.e., compounds such as pitolisant that promote the release of the wake-promoting amine histamine) will be particularly useful as wake-promoting agents.
GABA-directed medications.
Given the possible role of hyper-active GABAA receptors in the primary hypersomnias (narcolepsy and idiopathic hypersomnia), medications that could counteract this activity are being studied to test their potential to improve sleepiness. These currently include clarithromycin and flumazenil.
Flumazenil.
Flumazenil is the only GABAA receptor antagonist on the market as of Jan 2013, and it is currently manufactured only as an intravenous formulation. Given its pharmacology, researchers consider it to be a promising medication in the treatment of primary hypersomnias. Results of a small, double-blind, randomized, controlled clinical trial were published in November 2012. This research showed that flumazenil provides relief for most patients whose CSF contains the unknown "somnogen" that enhances the function of GABAA receptors, making them more susceptible to the sleep-inducing effect of GABA. For one patient, daily administration of flumazenil by sublingual lozenge and topical cream has proven effective for several years. Unfortunately, since flumazenil went off patent in 2008, "the amount of the generic version produced annually for all of North America—enough to counteract 10,000 sedative overdoses—would supply only a handful of patients."
Clarithromycin.
In a test tube model, clarithromycin (an antibiotic approved by the FDA for the treatment of infections) was found to return the function of the GABA system to normal in patients with primary hypersomnias. Investigators therefore treated a few patients with off-label clarithromycin, and most felt their symptoms improved with this treatment. In order to help further determine whether clarithromycin is truly beneficial for the treatment of narcolepsy and idiopathic hypersomnia, a small, double-blind, randomized, controlled clinical trial was completed in 2012. "In this pilot study, clarithromycin improved subjective sleepiness in GABA-related hypersomnia. Larger trials of longer duration are warranted." In 2013, a retrospective review evaluating longer-term clarithromycin use showed efficacy in a large percentage of patients with GABA-related hypersomnia. “It is important to note that the positive effect of clarithromycin is secondary to a benzodiazepine antagonist-like effect, not its antibiotic effects, and treatment must be maintained.”
Hypocretin antagonists (speculation that hypocretin agonist may be found).
Hypocretin-1 has been shown to be strongly wake-promoting in animal models, but it unfortunately does not cross the blood brain barrier. Therefore, companies are currently developing hypocretin receptor antagonists, like almorexant, which is awaiting FDA approval for the treatment of insomnia. It is also likely that a hypocretin-1 agonist will be found and developed for the treatment of hypersomnia.
L-carnitine.
Abnormally low levels of acylcarnitine have been observed in patients with narcolepsy. These same low levels have been associated with primary hypersomnia in general in mouse studies. “Mice with systemic carnitine deficiency exhibit a higher frequency of fragmented wakefulness and rapid eye movement (REM) sleep, and reduced locomotor activity.” Administration of acetyl-L-carnitine can improve these symptoms.

</doc>
<doc id="18835609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835609" title="St. John's Episcopal Church and Rectory (Jackson, Wyoming)">
St. John's Episcopal Church and Rectory (Jackson, Wyoming)

St. John's Episcopal Church and Rectory form a small complex of log structures in Jackson, Wyoming. The rectory was built first: in 1911 it was a hostel and community center under the supervision of Episcopal Bishop Nathaniel Thomas. Church services were held there until 1916, when the church was built. The church and hostel are among the largest log structures in Jackson Hole.
The rectory was the first location in Jackson to hold regular Episcopal services, beginning in 1911. Services had been held intermittently since 1908. With the construction of the new church in 1916 the rectory was used as a hostel so that ranchers and lodgers at dude ranches more than a day's travel distant could stay overnight. The rectory was also used as a meeting place and social hall, and eventually as a community library with over 1000 volumes. The rectory is a 1-1/2 story building, featuring carefully built log dormers. 
The 1916 church was built by Butch and Ed Robinson of Jackson, using logs cut and cured by George and Clarence Blain, with finish work by master carpenter Raul A. Imeson. The church and rectory were designed using the locally prevailing rustic style that was becoming popular for dude ranches and park structures. The church measures approximately by , covered with an open log-trussed roof. This building is now referred to as a chapel, since a new, larger church was built in 1995.
The site also includes a 1950s rectory and a frame parish hall, both considered non-contributing structures.
St. John's Church operates the Chapel of the Transfiguration in Grand Teton National Park. The church was instrumental in organizing the hospital in Jackson, now named St. John's Medical Center.

</doc>
<doc id="18835632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835632" title="Kim Hagger">
Kim Hagger

Kim Hagger (born 2 December 1961) is a retired English athlete. She was born in Plaistow, Greater London. She competed in the long jump but her specialism was the heptathlon. She was known for her complex theory on how to hold the javelin. 
Achievements.
Note: Results with a Q, indicate overall position in qualifying round.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18835645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835645" title="Ralph Lyford">
Ralph Lyford

Ralph Lyford (February 22, 1882 – September 3, 1927) was an American composer and conductor. He rose to prominence as the managing director of the Cincinnati Opera and as a 20th-century advocate for opera to be written and performed in English.
He was married to Ella Gillis, a ballet dancer.
Biography.
Born in Worcester, Massachusetts, he began studies at age 12 and 6 years later graduated from Boston's New England Conservatory of Music Lyford was a graduate of the New England Conservatory of Music, and studied under Arthur Nikisch in Leipzig.
Ralph Lyford assisted Claude Debussy in preparing his "Le martyre de Saint Sébastien" for its premiere. He served as assistant conductor in the US for the San Carlo Opera Company under the management of Henry Russell. Lyford was associate conductor of the Opera Company of Boston from 1908–1914, working as a member of Max Rabinoff's staff and for a short time assisted in the opera department at the New England Conservatory. Later he conducted 3 seasons from 1912-1915 of over 200 presentations of operas with the Aborn Opera Company.
In 1912, Lyford conducted Lucia di Lammermoor at the Opera Company of Boston.
He was hired in 1916 to organize the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music and served as the head of that program. In 1920, he founded the Cincinnati Opera, which is the 2nd oldest Opera in the United States. In 1925, he was appointed associate conductor under Fritz Reiner. During his tenure, he produced and conducted 234 performances of 30 operas including Martha, Hänsel and Gretel, and Lohengrin.
Lyford died in Cincinnati, Ohio in 1927 on September 3 of heart disease.
During his tenure at the Cincinnati Opera Company Lyford also mentored John Jacob Niles. Niles said, "Ralph Lyford was a great conductor, teacher, humorist and accompanist. He helped me greatly with the problems I had in playing accompaniments." 
Music.
Ralph Lyford wrote mainly orchestral music, including a piano concerto. He wrote the opera "Castle Agrazant", which won a Bispham Memorial Medal Award in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="18835668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835668" title="Nostalgia (video game)">
Nostalgia (video game)

Nostalgia, originally released in Japan as , is a role-playing video game developed by Red Entertainment and Matrix Software for the Nintendo DS handheld system. Initially released in November 2008 for Japanese audiences by Tecmo, an English version of the game was officially announced for North America by Ignition Entertainment for an October 2009 release. The game's development was headed by producer Keisuke Kikuchi, with programming and three-dimensional graphics by Matrix Software, who had previously developed Square Enix's Nintendo DS versions of "Final Fantasy III" and "Final Fantasy IV".
Taking place in an alternate reality steampunk version of the 19th century, the game follows Eddie, a London boy and son of a great adventurer as he and his friends travel the world in an airship in search of his missing father. The game features turn-based combat and aerial battles between the player's customizable airship, the Maverick, and enemy airships. The player's party, consisting of Eddie, the street urchin Pad, a witch named Melody and the mysterious Fiona were shown in early trailers to be traveling to such places as New York City, Cairo, Tokyo, Northern Europe and South America.
Gameplay.
"Nostalgia" is a traditional role-playing video game featuring three-dimensional characters and environments. Players control a young London boy named Eddie and his compatriots as they travel across an alternate history 19th-century Earth on a high-powered zeppelin, visiting various locales and raiding ruins in order to uncover the truth about an ancient civilization, as well as find Eddie's lost father. In order to advance the story, players must visit towns and interact with non-player characters to obtains clues on their next destination, as well as traverse dangerous dungeons and environments in order to find hidden treasures. Taking advantage of the Nintendo DS's dual screens, gameplay is featured on one screen while a map of the player's current location is present on the other, which fills as they travel through new areas. While traveling through the game, the player will randomly encounter enemies as they move through dangerous areas, which must be defeated in battle.
Battles in "Nostalgia" use a turn-based combat system where both characters and enemies acting in an order relative to their "speed" statistic. A Combat Order bar is present in battles that shows which of the player's party members or enemies will act next, with the player selecting a character's command just before their turn. In any given turn, a player may choose to attack an enemy, defend, use an item for beneficial effects, or use special skills unique to each character. In addition to ground battles, a player may also encounter enemies while in their airship, leading to a ship-to-ship combat sequence with unique commands. Players must defeat all of their enemies by attacking them until their hit points are extinguished, which grants each character experience points that go towards gaining levels, thus making them stronger and giving them access to more abilities. The player's party is judged at the end of each battle with a letter grade based on their actions in combat, and is determined by how quickly and flawlessly they have defeated their enemies and may give additional rewards.
Characters.
Playable characters.
Edward Brown
Edward "Eddie" Brown is the lone son of famous British adventurer Gilbert Brown and is very rich though not spoiled or selfish, though he is ironically called a spoiled rich kid by Pad. It is implied he may have feelings for Fiona or they are just close friends, whichever is uncertain. When his father disappears during an adventure, Edward becomes an adventurer to find him. His special skill is swordplay.
Pad Remington
Pad Remington is a young man living in london's east end and the son of adventurer Patrick Remington. Separated from his parents at a young age, he learned to survive on his own and looked after the kids of the slum and thinks of adventuring as a waste of time until he travels with Eddie, it is heavily implied throughout the game that he may have feelings for Melody. He is reunited with his mother Elisabeth after 15 years of separation. His special skill is firearms.
Melody Farklight
Melody Farklight is a young witch who has grown up in her family's isolated mervielle village. With no friends her own age, she grew to have a selfish and egotistical personality though she was shown to care about her friends especially Pad and may have feelings for him. Her mother, Medea Farklight, gave her life to protect Melody from Hartmann of the cabal. Her special skill is magic.
Fiona
Fiona is a mysterious amnesiac girl saved by adventurer Gilbert Brown from the Ancient father's cabal. She was known as the princess of the white order and of Asgard royalty, she is called the "Bearer of the White Wings" and was sealed in pandora's box for thousands of years. The cabal pursued her as she was the only one capable of touching the tablets the cabal desperately vies for. Her special skill is miracle (White Magic) (Note:Fiona was a guest character for a short amount of time).
Gilbert Brown
Gilbert Brown is Eddie's father and a famous British adventurer. He disappeared after saving Fiona from the cabal and his whereabouts where unknown until his son found him, injured in a battle with the Ancient father's cabal, he is said to be recovering at the Brown's mansion. His special skill is swordplay and firearms(Note:Gilbert is only playable for a short amount of time, after that, he becomes a guest character).
Guest characters.
Guest characters are characters that join the party for a temporary time as guests, guest character's equipment cannot be changed nor can they be controlled in battle but they do follow the same turn order in battle.
Scarlett Fellini
Scarlett Fellini is a lone-wolf sky pirate and flies in her deep crimson airship the Esperanza. Her long-lost sister Astell was being controlled by the cabal and was convinced she was dead until she was reunited with her after defeating her controller Yang Gui. Her special skill is swordplay.
Carlos
Carlos is an agent of the royal exploration agency. Carlos appears suddenly and is skilled at investigation, infiltration, and destruction. He is trusted as Director Fogg's right hand man and because of this, goes along with Fogg's plan, he ends up having a change of heart near the end of the game. His special skill is firearms.
Magi (also known as the "Lightning")
Magi is a member of the royal exploration agency with psychic powers and a past in the cabal. Born weak, she lives in a wheelchair. She can stop time for a limited period which is how she stunted her own growth, she is actually an old woman in the body of a child, Magi, along with Shirley, are the only two to oppose Fogg. Her special skill is psychic power and also has healing abilities.
Astell Fellini (also known as the "thousand masks")
Astell Fellini is a former elite of the Ancient father's cabal. Her memory erased and manipulated by the cabal until Scarlett risks her life for her, reuniting the two sisters, she appears to be manipulative but has a kind heart. her special skill is being able to transform into anyone at will and her weapon is a parasol.
Yang Gui (also known as the "vacant")
Yang gui is an elite of the Ancient father's cabal and is the manipulator of Astell. disguised as a member of the royal exploration agency, she fools Eddie, in truth she has no physical form and can't be attacked. Her special skill is astral projection which is how she can keep her body safe from harm, she also has healing abilities.
other guests:
Ancient Father's Cabal.
The cabal are a group of elites who are the main antagonists of Nostalgia and are ruled by their leader Terra, they desperately want to obtain the ancient tablets only Fiona is capable of touching which is why the cabal relentlessly pursue her and use her to get to the tablets and open the gate to asgard with the tablets.
Carmine The "Invincible"
Carmine is an elite of the cabal and has the power of invincibility;he can instantly cure all damage. He also takes pride in being a knight and is of Italian ancestry, he is the strongest elite of the cabal and lords over his fellow elites. His special skill is swordplay.
Hartmann the "Silent Guru"
Hartmann is an elite of the cabal and is the oldest elite. Though a wizard born in Mervielle village, he was banished for abusing his magic and using it to soothe his own desires. He is the killer of Melody's mother and of the village elder and is killed by Melody for revenge. His special skill is magic.
Roswell the "God's Right Hand"
Roswell is an elite of the cabal and the cabal scientist. Roswell, being a top scientist, often builds weapons for the cabal such as airships and works for the cabal's technical department. His right arm is mechanical. His special skill is invention.
Kakyo the "impenetrable"
Kakyo is an elite of the cabal. He manages the cabal's secret Mt.Fuji base in Japan and is a descendant of samurai. He has the blood of ogres and can literally walk through anything. His special skill is distorting matter and swordplay.
Terra the "Emperor"
Terra is the emperor of the cabal, his real name is Fredrick. Years ago Terra worked alongside Gilbert and Fogg as an adventurer. He plans to collect the tablets and open the gate to asgard to harness the power of the tower of the sun to destroy the world. His special skill is unknown.
other elites:
Royal Exploration Agency.
The royal exploration agency is an organization disguised as a museum. The agency pursues the tablets as well but for different reasons, to prevent the cabal from obtaining them, the agency ends up betraying the protagonists and reveal that they used Eddie to get to the tablets so Julius Fogg can obtain the power of Asgard for himself. The only ones to oppose are Magi and Shirley
Julius Fogg
Fogg is to many, just the royal museum's chief curator, but in truth he is the director of the royal exploration agency. He betrays the protagonists to obtain the powers of asgard for himself by stealing the tablets. He has no special skill.
Shirley Crawford
Shirley is a member of the royal exploration agency. She admires Gilbert as her master and honors his work. she will become a great sympathizer to Eddie and, along with Magi, are the only two to oppose Julius Fogg. Her special skill is archaeology.
other members:
The Black Order.
The Black Order are a trio of gods who waged a war against the White Order (Fiona) and lost, the result left them sealed in pandora's box for thousands of years along with Fiona and after being released try to exact revenge on Fiona with Metheus stealing the vessel of Terra to return to asgard and use the cabal to do so.
Metheus the "Bearer of the Black Wings"
Metheus is the king of the black order and ancient ruler of the asgard underworld. Defeated by the white order, it was sealed in pandora's box for thousands of years and used Terra's body as a vessel to return to asgard and exact it's revenge. It has a special hatred for fiona and it's special skill is black magic.
Frey
Frey is the king of swords who was sealed in pandora's box for thousands of years. He seeks prosperity for the black order and tries to exact revenge on Fiona. His special skill is swordplay.
Freyja
Freyja is the goddess of death who was sealed in pandora's box for thousands of years. She has a special hatred for Fiona and tries to kill her. She has the skill of instant death.
Major Recurring Characters.
Evans is Gilbert's long time overweight friend and supporter of Eddie. Evans is in search of the world's hidden mysteries and treasures as the deputy chief curator of the royal museum.
Beatrice is an aristocrat living in london's west end and often gathers information for the protagonists. Beatrice is actually the older sister of Pad's mother Elisabeth, making her Pad's aunt.
Development.
"Nostalgia" was first announced in a July 2008 issue of Japanese "Famitsu" magazine, where it was revealed that both Matrix Software and Red Entertainment would be teaming with Tecmo to bring the game to players the following November. The game was produced by Tecmo's Keisuke Kikuchi, best known for his work on the company's "Fatal Frame" series, whose goal was to inject traditional role-playing elements with simple gameplay, aspiring to "make a product that everyone could play. Project director Naoki Morita of Red Entertainment envisioned the game's historical setting as an alternate 19th century Earth, which was wholly supported by Kikuchi who remarked that "I knew this game had such potential when I saw Mr. Morita's project book - It is an adventure game set in another Earth, offering an enjoyable story that involves various cultures in many diverse locations." Morita originally wanted to produce an alternate history-style role-playing game as far back as 1996, but became sidetracked due to the runaway success of his "Sakura Taisen" series on the Sega Saturn and shelved the project until work began on the Nintendo DS. Despite the large delay in production, Morita remained confident of his original vision, declaring that "I was confident that no matter how long it took, our designs for wouldn't lose their luster." The staff of Matrix Software were largely responsible for the game's programming, and had previously worked with Square Enix to create the Nintendo DS version of "Final Fantasy III" and "Final Fantasy IV". The music for "Nostalgia" was composed by Rei Kondoh, Kaori Komuro, and Shinichiro Sato, who were credited alongside their musical unit "T's Music". Tecmo released a special promotional album featuring ten songs from the game to players who pre-ordered the title in Japan, along with an artbook that included design sketches and official artwork.
In December 2008, North American publisher Xseed Games announced that the game was already claimed by another company to be released in the English under the title "Nostalgia". The following April, Ignition Entertainment officially announced that they had secured the publishing rights to the title and would be bringing it to North America in September. Shane Bettenhausen, the company's Director of New Business Development, stated that he was "deeply honored" to be given the opportunity to release the game in English, and felt the game would have a place in the current western game market as a unique and original title, stating that "amid a sea of remakes and rehashes, this endearing adventure blazes its own unique path".
Reception.
"Nostalgia" received mixed reviews, currently holding a 72/100 score on Metacritic, aggregated from 36 reviews. The game received a 30 out of 40 score from Japanese magazine "Weekly Famitsu".
The game had a modest sales start during its original release in Japan, selling 7,930 copies in its first week.

</doc>
<doc id="18835672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835672" title="Barbara Margaret Trimble">
Barbara Margaret Trimble

Barbara Margaret Trimble (b. February 21, 1921 in Holyhead, Anglesey, Wales – d. 1995) was a British writer of over 20 crime, thriller and romance novels from 1967 to 1991, under the names of Margaret Blake, B. M. Gill and Barbara Gilmour.

</doc>
<doc id="18835760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835760" title="Willard (name)">
Willard (name)

The name Willard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18835767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835767" title="Kazuhiko Tokuno">
Kazuhiko Tokuno

He was born in Iyo, Ehime, and began judo at the age of 6. He entered the Kanagawa Prefectural Police after graduating from Tokai University. 
He was good at Seoinage and got medals of world championships twice. He was also known as a rival of three-time Olympic champion Tadahiro Nomura for long time.
As of 2010, he coaches judo at Komatsu Limited and among his students are Mika Sugimoto, Ayumi Tanimoto, and Mina Watanabe.

</doc>
<doc id="18835795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835795" title="Francesco Bartolomeo de Leone">
Francesco Bartolomeo de Leone

Francesco Bartolomeo de Leone (July 28, 1887-December 10, 1948) was an American composer. Born in Ravenna, Ohio, he composed cantatas, songs, and works for piano in addition to opera and operettas. His opera "Alglala", produced in 1924, won a Bispham Memorial Medal Award. De Leone died in Akron, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="18835796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835796" title="1975–76 MJHL season">
1975–76 MJHL season

Champion.
On April 2, 1976 at home in Selkirk, the Steelers won the MJHL title for the third consecutive 
year, capturing the Turnbull Memorial Trophy.
League Notes.
The MJHL expands to Thompson, the Thompson King Miners join the league's North Division. Kenora Muskies will shift to the South Division. A pair of teams change their names, the Winnipeg Monarchs become the Assiniboine Park Monarchs and the Kenora Muskies are renamed the Kenora Thistles, in honor of the Stanley Cup winning team.
Playoffs.
Division Semi-Finals
Divisional Finals
Turnbull Cup Championship
Anavet Cup Championship

</doc>
<doc id="18835816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835816" title="Terry Lawless">
Terry Lawless

Terry Lawless (29 March 1933 – 24 December 2009) was an English boxing manager and trainer who worked in London, most successfully during the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s.
Biography.
Born in West Ham, east London, Lawless was a boxing buff and fitness fanatic. He was best man at the wedding of his boyhood friend Sammy McCarthy, the British featherweight champion in the 1950s. His continual visits to the gymnasium to watch McCarthy training led to Lawless making a study of fitness regimes.
Career.
Lawless started his coaching and management career in 1957 after his National Service, and formed a close friendship with Norman Giller, who was then Sports Editor of the local Stratford Express newspaper. Lawless was based at the Royal Oak gym in the Canning Town district of London. Giller was his publicist throughout his career.
His early stable of local boxers included former London amateur stars Stan Kennedy, Johnny Caiger, Jimmy Tibbs, Silvester Mittee and Jimmy Anderson. He hired George Wiggs and Frank Black as his training assistants, both of whom stayed with him for more than ten years. Tibbs later rejoined Lawless as a trainer, as did George Francis, who formed a winning team with Frank Bruno. 
He was associated with promoters Mickey Duff, Jarvis Astaire, Harry Levene and Mike Barrett, who effectively controlled British boxing. The team dealt primarily with the BBC, which gave rise to the famous relationship between Frank Bruno and the commentator Harry Carpenter, but they were ousted during the late 1980s by Frank Warren, who initially had the support of ITV.
Famous for looking after his fighters like a father rather than a manager, Lawless often fell out with matchmaker Mickey Duff because he did not want to expose his boxers to unnecessary dangers. Duff stated in his autobiography that Lawless was always asking for opponents who would defend but not attack! While living in retirement in Marbella with his wife of more than 50 years Sylvia, Lawless often said he was happy to be remembered as the manager who did not want his boxers hurt. 
Jim Watt, one of six Lawless-trained-and-managed boxers who went on to win world titles (including Frank Bruno, and Joe Calzaghe under different management), wrote in his autobiography, "Watt's My Name:"
Personal life.
He was married to his wife Sylvia for 53 years and they had two children, Lorraine and Steven. Also grandfather of Terry, the late Joseph and Joshua Crayden, sons of daughter Lorraine.
Death.
On 24 December 2009, Lawless died in Marbella, Spain, in the hospital after undergoing gall bladder surgery.
Boxers managed/trained.
Among the boxers Lawless managed/trained were:

</doc>
<doc id="18835839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835839" title="Megalocephalus">
Megalocephalus

Megalocephalus is an extinct genus of loxommatid from the late Carboniferous period. Its fossils have been found in China and North America. It contains two species, "M. pachycephalus" and "M. lineolatus". The skull of "M. pachycephalus" could measure about eight inches long. 

</doc>
<doc id="18835840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835840" title="Paul Sorensen">
Paul Sorensen

Paul Sorensen (February 16, 1926 – July 17, 2008) was an American film, theater and television actor who appeared in literally hundreds roles during his career, including "The Brady Bunch" and "Dallas". He was frequently cast in westerns or as a police officer.
Sorenson was born in Kenosha, Wisconsin. He moved to Hollywood, California, in 1945 and enrolled in the Pasadena Playhouse, from which he graduated two years later. Later in life, he was honored by the Pasadena Playhouse with a lifetime achievement award. Sorenson served with the United States military during the Korean War. He returned to California after the war and resumed acting. A talent agent signed Sorenson after watching him perform in a theater production of "Born Yesterday". He was cast in his first television role as the deputy-turned-bandit Billy Stiles in the 1954-1955 syndicated "Stories of the Century", a western series starring and narrated by Jim Davis.
One of Sorensen's best known characters was a recurring role as Andy Bradley, a member of an oil cartel, on "Dallas". He appeared in recurring television roles in "The Brady Bunch", "Barnaby Jones" and Fred MacMurray's "My Three Sons". His television career, which spanned from the 1950s to the 1980s also included work on "The Mary Tyler Moore Show", "My Favorite Martian", "The Rockford Files" and "The Mod Squad". Sorensen was often cast in such westerns as "Jefferson Drum", "The Rifleman", "Rin Tin Tin", "Gunsmoke", "Have Gun, Will Travel", "The High Chaparral", "Cheyenne", Cimarron City", "Johnny Ringo, "Wagon Train", "The Virginian", and "The Big Valley".
Sorensen's film credits included "Hang 'em High" and "Escape to Witch Mountain".
Off screen, Sorensen and twenty-four other actors founded the Orchard Gables Repertory Theater group, which "Time" magazine has praised as "an oasis in the heart of Hollywood." Sorensen and his wife, the former Jacqueline May, also ran the Original Actors Workshop. Sorensen retired from acting during the late 1980s and early 1990s. Sorensen, his wife, and one of their two sons, Christian, all became ordained ministers.
Paul Sorensen died on July 17, 2008, in Cardiff-by-the-Sea in San Diego County, California, at the age of eighty-two. He was survived by his sons, a sister, and a grandson. His wife Jacqueline died on November 14, 2002; the couple had wed in September 1957 and remained together for forty-five years until her passing.

</doc>
<doc id="18835843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835843" title="1976–77 MJHL season">
1976–77 MJHL season

Champion.
On April 5, 1977, MJHL commissioner Bill Addison suspended the Turnbull Cup Finals between the Dauphin Kings and Kildonan North Stars, awarding it to Dauphin on the basis they won two of the three games completed.
League Notes.
As of the 1976-77 season the West Kildonan name was shorted to the Kildonan North Stars.<br>
Jim Misener of the Dauphin Kings became the MJHL career leader in goals, assists, and points, with 205 goals, 208 assists, and 413 points.<br>
League suspends Turnbull Cup Finals, awards it to Dauphin.
Playoffs.
Division Semi-Finals
Divisional Finals
Turnbull Cup Championship
Anavet Cup Championship

</doc>
<doc id="18835845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835845" title="Matthew Williams (baseball)">
Matthew Williams (baseball)

Matthew Jarrad Williams (February 28, 1987) is a right-handed pitcher in the Minnesota Twins' organization who signed with the Twins as a non-drafted free agent February 25, -- three days before his 17th birthday. He is 6'1" tall, and weights 180 lbs., and is currently assigned to the Twins' Florida State League affiliate, the Fort Myers Miracle.
Williams began the season with the Beloit Snappers of the Midwest League. Going 2-0 with seven saves and a 2.09 earned run average and 42 strike outs over 38.2 innings pitched earned him a Midwest League All-Star selection, and a promotion to the Twins' advanced-A affiliate in Fort Myers. With the Miracle, he went 2-2 with a 3.35 ERA and 37 strikeouts in twenty appearances. He also started two games for the first time in his minor league career with the Miracle. In his starts, he was 1-0 with a 1.00 ERA—giving up one earned run over nine total innings.
Williams is one of two current Miracle on the ever increasing list of Australian born baseball players, as he was born in Camden, Australia (the other being infielder/outfielder Daniel Berg). He will be competing with Australia in the 2009 Baseball World Cup).

</doc>
<doc id="18835858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835858" title="Mary Boleyn">
Mary Boleyn

Mary Boleyn (c. 1499/1500 – 19 July 1543) was the sister of English queen consort Anne Boleyn and a member of the Boleyn family, which enjoyed considerable influence during the reign of King Henry VIII of England. Some historians claim she was Anne's younger sister, but her children believed Mary was the elder, as do most historians today.
Mary was one of the mistresses of Henry VIII. It has been rumoured that she bore two of the king's children, though Henry did not acknowledge either of them as he had done with Henry FitzRoy, his son by Bessie Blount. Mary was also rumoured to have been a mistress of Henry VIII's rival, King Francis I of France. She was the maternal aunt of Queen Elizabeth I of England.
Mary Boleyn was married twice: in 1520 to William Carey, and secretly in 1534 to William Stafford, a soldier of good family but few prospects. This secret marriage to a man considered beneath her station angered both Henry VIII and her sister, Queen Anne, and resulted in Mary's banishment from the royal court; she spent the remainder of her life in obscurity.
Early life.
Mary was probably born at Blickling Hall, the family seat in Norfolk, and grew up at Hever Castle, Kent. She was the eldest daughter of a rich diplomat and courtier, Thomas Boleyn, 1st Earl of Wiltshire, by his marriage to Lady Elizabeth Howard, the eldest daughter of Thomas Howard, 2nd Duke of Norfolk.
There is no evidence of Mary's exact date of birth, but it occurred sometime between 1499 and 1508. Most historians suggest that she was the eldest of the three surviving Boleyn children. Evidence suggests that the Boleyn family treated Mary as the eldest child; in 1597, her grandson Lord Hunsdon claimed the Earldom of Ormond on the grounds that he was the Boleyns’ legitimate heir. Many ancient peerages can descend through female heirs, in the absence of an immediate male heir. If Anne had been the elder sister, the better claim to the title would have belonged to her daughter, Queen Elizabeth I. However, it appears that Queen Elizabeth offered Mary's son, Henry, the earldom as he was dying, although he declined it. If Mary had been the eldest Boleyn sister, Henry would have inherited the title upon his grandfather's death without a new grant from the queen. There is more evidence to suggest that Mary was older than Anne. She was married first, on 4 February 1520; an elder daughter was traditionally married before her younger sister. In 1532, when Anne was created Marchioness of Pembroke, she was referred to as "one of the daughters of Thomas Boleyn". Were she the eldest, that status would probably have been mentioned. Most historians now accept Mary as the eldest child, placing her birth some time in 1499.
Mary was brought up with her brother George and her sister Anne by a French governess at Hever Castle in Kent. She was given a conventional education deemed essential for young ladies of her rank and status, which included the basic principles of arithmetic, grammar, history, reading, spelling, and writing. In addition to her family genealogy, Mary learned the feminine accomplishments of dancing, embroidery, etiquette, household management, music, needlework, and singing, and games such as cards and chess. She was also taught archery, falconry, riding, and hunting. 
It is possible that Mary began her education abroad and spent time as a companion to Archduchess Margaret of Austria, Regent of the Netherlands, but it is believed that it was Anne who was chosen to go to the court of the Archduchess. Mary remained in England for most of her childhood, until she was sent abroad in 1514 around the age of fifteen when her father secured her a place as maid-of-honour to the King’s sister, Lady Mary, who was going to Paris to marry King Louis XII of France. 
After a few weeks, many of the Queen's English maids were sent away, but Mary was allowed to stay, probably due to the fact that her father was the new English ambassador to France. Even when Queen Mary left France after she was widowed on 1 January 1515, Mary remained behind at the court of Louis' successor, Francis I and his queen consort Claude.
Royal affair in France.
Mary was joined in Paris by her father, Sir Thomas, and her sister, Anne, who had been studying in France for the past year. During this time Mary is supposed to have embarked on several affairs, including one with King Francis himself. Although some historians believe that the reports of her sexual affairs are exaggerated, the French king referred to her as "The English Mare", "my hackney", and as ""una grandissima ribalda, infame sopra tutte"" ("a great slag, infamous above all").
She returned to England in 1519, where she was appointed a maid-of-honour to Catherine of Aragon, the queen consort of Henry VIII.
Royal mistress.
Soon after her return, Mary was married to William Carey, a wealthy and influential courtier, on 4 February 1520; Henry VIII was a guest at the couple's wedding. At some point, Mary became Henry's mistress; the exact date is unclear, but it probably began some time in 1521. The liaison was never publicised, and Mary never enjoyed the fame, wealth and power that Henry's earlier mistresses, such as Bessy Blount, enjoyed, and which was usual for other acknowledged mistresses in France and other kingdoms. Her first child, Catherine, was born in 1524. Henry's involvement is believed to have ended prior to the birth of Mary's second child, Henry Carey, in March 1526, at which point his involvement would have lasted for five years. 
During this time, it was rumoured that one, or both, of Mary's children were fathered by the king. One witness noted that Mary's son, Henry Carey, bore a resemblance to Henry VIII. John Hale, Vicar of Isleworth, some ten years after the child was born, remarked that he had met a 'young Master Carey' who was the king's purported bastard child. No other contemporary evidence exists to support the argument that Henry was the king’s biological son.
Henry VIII's wife, Catherine of Aragon, had first been married to Henry's elder brother Arthur when he was a little over fifteen years old, but Arthur had died just a few months later. Henry later used this to justify the annulment of his marriage to Catherine, arguing that her marriage to Arthur had created an affinity between Henry and Catherine; as his brother's wife, under canon law she became his sister. When Mary's sister Anne later became Henry's wife, this same canon law might also support that a similar affinity had been created between Henry and Anne due to his earlier liaison with Mary. In 1527, during his initial attempts to obtain a papal annulment of his marriage to Catherine, Henry also requested a dispensation to marry Anne, the sister of his former mistress.
Sister’s rise to power.
Anne had returned to England in January 1522; she soon joined the royal court as one of Queen Catherine's Maids-of-Honour. Anne achieved considerable popularity at court, although the sisters already moved in different circles and were not thought to have been particularly close.
Although Mary was alleged to have been more attractive than her sister, Anne seems to have been more ambitious and intelligent. When the king took an interest in Anne, she refused to become his mistress, being shrewd enough not to give in to his sexual advances and returned gifts. By the middle of 1527, Henry was determined to marry her. This gave him further incentive to seek the annulment of his marriage to Catherine of Aragon. A year later, when Mary's husband died during an outbreak of sweating sickness, Henry granted Anne Boleyn the wardship of her nephew, Henry Carey. Mary's husband had left her with considerable debts, and Anne arranged for her nephew to be educated at a respectable Cistercian monastery. Anne also interceded to secure her widowed sister an annual pension of £100.
Second marriage.
In 1532, when Anne accompanied Henry to the English Pale of Calais on his way to a state visit to France, Mary was one of her companions. Anne was crowned queen on 1 June 1533 and gave birth to Henry's daughter Elizabeth on 7 September, who later became Queen Elizabeth I. In 1534, Mary secretly married the younger son of an Essex landowner, William Stafford. Since Stafford was a soldier, his prospects as a second son so slight, and his income so small, many believed the union was a love match. When Mary became pregnant, the marriage was discovered. Queen Anne was furious, and the Boleyn family disowned Mary. The couple were banished from court. 
Mary's financial circumstances became so desperate that she was reduced to begging the king’s adviser Thomas Cromwell to speak to Henry and Anne on her behalf. She admitted that she might have chosen 'a greater man of birth and a higher', but never one that should have loved her so well, nor a more honest man. And she went on, 'I had rather beg my bread with him than to be the greatest queen in Christendom. And I believe verily ... he would not forsake me to be a king.' Henry, however, seems to have been indifferent to her plight. Mary asked Cromwell to speak to her father, her uncle, and her brother, but to no avail. It was Anne who relented, sending Mary a magnificent golden cup and some money, but still refused to reinstate her position at court. This partial reconciliation was the closest the two sisters attained; it is not thought that they met after Mary's exile from the king's court.
Mary's life between 1534 and her sister's execution on 19 May 1536 is difficult to trace. There is no record of her visiting her parents, nor did she visit her sister Anne or her brother George when they were imprisoned in the Tower of London, nor is there evidence of any correspondence. Like their uncle, Thomas Howard, 3rd Duke of Norfolk, she may have thought it wise to avoid association with her now-disgraced relatives.
Mary and her husband remained outcasts from the court, living in retirement at Rochford Hall in Essex, which was owned by the Boleyns. After Anne’s execution, their mother retired from court, dying in seclusion just two years later. Her father, Thomas, died a year after his wife. Following the deaths of her parents, Mary inherited some property in Essex. She seems to have lived out the rest of her days in obscurity and relative comfort with her second husband. Hever Castle, home of the Boleyns, was returned to the Crown at the death of her father, Thomas. Strangely, when Henry VIII sold it, he sent Mary some of the funds although he was under no obligation to do so. Perhaps it was Henry VIII's way of acknowledging her as his mistress as he had not done so at the end of their affair when it would have been expected for him to give her something of value. She died in her early forties, on 19 July 1543
Issue.
Mary married William Carey (1500 – 22 June 1528) but it has long been rumoured that one or both of Mary Boleyn's eldest children were fathered by Henry VIII. Some writers, such as Alison Weir, question whether Henry Carey (Mary's son) was fathered by the King, while others such as, Dr. G.W. Bernard (author of "The King's Reformation") and Joanna Denny (author of "Anne Boleyn: A New Life of England's Tragic Queen" and "Katherine Howard: A Tudor Conspiracy") argue that he may have been.
Many have noticed that Catherine Carey and her daughter Lettice both bear a close resemblance to Henry VIII and Elizabeth I. If Catherine was indeed born in June 1524, then this would point to her being fathered by Henry VIII since Mary Boleyn's affair with him appears to have begun around 1522 and ended in the early summer of 1525, which also makes Henry Carey to have been conceived just before the end of the affair, not to mention he received the name Henry. One witness did note that Mary's son bore a resemblance to Henry VIII, but the witness in question was John Hales, vicar of Isleworth, who some ten years after the child was born remarked that he had met a 'young Master Carey,' who some monks believed was the king's son. There is no other contemporary evidence that Henry Carey was the king’s biological son and a close reading of the Letters and Papers (a collection of surviving documents from the period) clearly pinpoint Henry's birth in March 1526 - although the affair is believed to have ended by the time Henry Carey was born.Mary was the mother of,
Mary's marriage to William Stafford (d. 5 May 1556) resulted in the birth of two further children:
Depictions in fiction.
Mary was depicted in the 1969 film "Anne of the Thousand Days", and was played by Valerie Gearon. 
She was also depicted in the Showtime television series "The Tudors" (2007-2010), where she was played by Perdita Weeks.
A fictionalised form of her character also features prominently in the novels:
Mary has been the central character in three novels based on her life:
Philippa Gregory later nominated Mary as her personal heroine in an interview to the BBC History Magazine. Her novel was a bestseller and spawned five other books in the same series. However, it was controversial, since many historians found the work inaccurate in regards to historical events and individual characterizations. For example, Gregory characterizes Anne, not Mary, as the elder sister, and makes no mention of Mary's relationships prior to her affair with Henry.
"The Other Boleyn Girl" was made into a BBC television drama in January 2003, starring Natascha McElhone as Mary and Jodhi May as Anne. 
A Hollywood film version of the book was released in February 2008, with Scarlett Johansson as Mary and Natalie Portman as Anne.
Non-fiction.
Mary is also a subject in three non-fiction books:
Ancestry.
Ancestors of Mary Boleyn

</doc>
<doc id="18835887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835887" title="Pycnosteus">
Pycnosteus

Pycnosteus is an extinct genus of jawless fish from the Devonian. It is thought to have cruised through vegetation, eating small invertebrates which it knocked loose .

</doc>
<doc id="18835898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835898" title="Paul Hastings Allen">
Paul Hastings Allen

Paul Hastings Allen (28 November 1883 – 28 September 1952) was an American composer. Born in Massachusetts, he composed a symphony, titled the "Pilgrim", which won the Paderewski Prize in 1909. His opera after "The Last of the Mohicans" was produced abroad. He also composed chamber music. He was a member of The Harvard Musical Association from 1912 until 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="18835901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835901" title="John Hutton (author)">
John Hutton (author)

John Hutton (1928 -) is a British writer of crime and thriller novels. He was born in Manchester and educated at Burnage Grammar School and the University of Wales. He has been a teacher and a senior lecturer in English.

</doc>
<doc id="18835906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835906" title="Chapel of the Transfiguration">
Chapel of the Transfiguration

The Chapel of the Transfiguration is a small log chapel in Grand Teton National Park, in the community of Moose. The chapel was sited and built to frame a view of the Cathedral Group of peaks in a large window behind the altar. The chapel, which was built in 1925, is owned and operated by St. John's Episcopal Church in Jackson.
Description.
The chapel complex is composed of the chapel itself, an entrance canopy that incorporates a small bell tower, and a storage shed. The chapel and accessory buildings were designed by C.B. Loomis in a rustic style, also called Western Craftsman. The entrance canopy aligns the approach on the desired axis to the Cathedral Group and provides shelter to the chain-operated bell. Access to the chapel is by boardwalk, leading to a beveled plank door with decorative ironwork. The by T-shaped chapel has exposed log interior walls with stained glass windows on either side. Behind the altar on the chapel's axis, a picture window that would be anachronistic in another setting frames a spectacular view that substitutes for a stained glass composition. A sacristy stands to one side.
History.
The chapel was built to serve guests and employees of the dude ranches that stretched north of Jackson along the base of the Teton Range. The land was donated by Maud Noble, owner of nearby Menor's Ferry, predating the establishment of Grand Teton National Park in 1929 and its expansion into the Moose area in 1950. The design was based on Our Father's House in Ethete on the Wind River Indian Reservation. Construction materials, labor and funds were provided by local ranchers.
It played a primary role in the movie "Spencer’s Mountain", which was filmed in Jackson Hole in 1963, and featured Henry Fonda and Maureen O’Hara. 
The chapel was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 10, 1980 The somewhat larger Chapel of the Sacred Heart was built in the park in similar rustic style near Signal Mountain by the Our Lady of the Mountains Catholic Church of Jackson in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="18835928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835928" title="Lovieanne Jung">
Lovieanne Jung

Lovieanne Jung (born January 11, 1980) is a retired American softball player. Born in Honolulu, Hawaii, Jung moved with her family to California at a young age.
Beginning her collegiate career at Fresno State University, Jung later transferred to the University of Arizona. She was a standout player in college, appearing in two Women's College World Series. She won a gold medal at the 2004 Olympics and a silver medal at the 2008 Olympics before retiring from softball. Lovieanne Jung is currently working as a Firefighter for Riverside City Fire Department.
Jung's longtime boyfriend is Jon Garland.

</doc>
<doc id="18835944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835944" title="1974–75 MJHL season">
1974–75 MJHL season

Champion.
On April 9, 1975 at home in Selkirk, the Steelers won their second consecutive MJHL title, capturing the Turnbull Memorial Trophy. On April 16, 1975 in Swift Current, the Steelers beat the hometown Broncos of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League to win the Anavet Cup.
League Notes.
Jim Misener of the Dauphin Kings led the league in goals with 73, breaking Bobby Clarke’s single season record of 71.
Playoffs.
Division Semi-Finals
Divisional Finals
Turnbull Cup Championship
Anavet Cup Championship
Abbott Cup Championship

</doc>
<doc id="18835951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835951" title="Edwin Grasse">
Edwin Grasse

Edwin Grasse (13 August 1884 – 8 April 1954) was an American violinist, organist and composer. Among his compositions were orchestral works, including a symphony and a violin concerto, and much chamber music, including a string quartet.
Born in New York City, Grasse was blind from infancy. He began studying the piano at the age of 3 and the violin at age 5. He studied the violin in his native city with Carl Hauser for nine years before entering the Royal Conservatory of Brussels in 1899. There he excelled under the instruction of César Thomson, earning a premier prix in violin and winning the Prix de Capacité in 1901. The latter prize had not been awarded in a decade. In 1902 he made his debut as a concert violinist in Berlin. He spent the next few years performing throughout Europe. After returning to New York City he studied organ with Daniel Philippi. He was active as a performer mainly in New York City through 1940, appearing regularly in concerts at Carnegie Hall, Steinway Hall, and Town Hall. He died in New York City at the age of 69.

</doc>
<doc id="18835980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18835980" title="1979 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships">
1979 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships

The 1979 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships ("1979 WJHC") was the third edition of the World Junior Ice Hockey Championships and was held from 27 December 1978 until 3 January 1979. The tournament was held in Karlstad and Karlskoga, Sweden. The Soviet Union won its third consecutive gold medal, while Czechoslovakia won the silver, and Sweden the bronze.
Pool A.
The 1979 tournament divided participants into two divisions of four teams, each playing three games. The top two teams in each division advanced to the championship round, while the bottom two were placed in the consolation round. Each division played another round robin. The top three teams in the championship round won the gold, silver and bronze medals. In the consolation round, the results between teams that faced each other in the preliminary round carried over.
Final standings.
"This is the aggregate standings, ordered according to final placing. The four teams in the championship round were ranked one through four, while the four teams in the consolation round were ranked five through eight regardless of overall record."
" was relegated to Pool B for the 1980 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships."
Consolation round.
"Results from any games played during the preliminary round were carried forward to the consolation round."
Pool B.
A second tier of the World Junior Championship was contested in Caen, France, from 5 to 9 March 1979. Two groups of four played round robins, followed by placement games where 1st played 1st, etc.. This is the first year a B pool was contested for the under 20's.
Final round.
1st place game.
" was promoted to Pool A for the 1980 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships."

</doc>
<doc id="18836012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836012" title="The Transliterated Siddur">
The Transliterated Siddur

The Transliterated Siddur refers to "Siddur Ba-Eir Hei-Teiv—The Transliterated Siddur", a Jewish prayerbook first published on the internet in 1997, and the first to transliterate the entire service. Originally a feature of AOL's "Jewish Com.Unity Online", since 2001 it has been on its own website.
Siddur Ba-Eir Hei-Teiv --- The Transliterated Siddur.
"The Transliterated Siddur" was originally written (from 1991 to 1994) as a companion volume to The Synagogue Survival Kit, an orientation to Jewish congregational worship services, written by Jordan Lee Wagner and published in 1997 by Jason Aronson, Inc. When this publisher decided to publish that book alone, the author approached publishers of Jewish prayerbooks, offering his transliterations. At that time, no publisher had a transliterated edition, and for theological as well as financial reasons none were interested. So Wagner self-published "The Transliterated Siddur" on the Internet. Permission was explicitly granted for individuals to print or download pages for private study and for insertion into the corresponding pages of their Hebrew-English prayerbooks. Since then, its transliterations have been licensed by over thirty publishers or distributors.
The Siddur is the traditional Jewish prayer book. "Transliterated" means that the Hebrew sounds are spelled out using the English alphabet. This enables anyone to follow along with the liturgy and to sing along with the congregation. "The Transliterated Siddur" uses color to indicate which words are usually sung by the Cantor, which by the congregation, and which are recited silently.
Synagogue services on Friday nights and Saturday mornings are "Shabbat" services. "The Transliterated Siddur" includes these worship services in their entirety. It also includes the daily blessings said over mitzvot, and on arising. It does not yet include all the synagogue services for less frequent occasions. The weekday services are being added and are partly on-line. Zemirot (Sabbath table songs) are also underway.
Transliterated books for Jewish prayer are also available from such sources as The Singlish Publication Society. The Singlish Publication Society has books for home and synagogue services, from the Hagadah for the Passover Seder to the prayers for Yom Kippur, the Day of Atonement.

</doc>
<doc id="18836016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836016" title="George Frederick Boyle">
George Frederick Boyle

George Frederick Boyle (June 29, 1886 – June 20, 1948) was an American composer; born in Sydney, New South Wales, he came to the United States in 1910 where he remained until his death in Philadelphia in 1948.
Boyle wrote a number of orchestral works, including a piano concerto in D minor, a violin concerto and a cello concerto; two cantatas; some songs; and some chamber music.
A pupil of Feruccio Busoni, Boyle taught at the Peabody Institute, the Curtis Institute of Music, and the Juilliard School after coming to the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18836062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836062" title="Loxomma">
Loxomma

Loxomma is an extinct genus of Loxommatidae. It was first named by Huxley in 1862.

</doc>
<doc id="18836079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836079" title="James McGregor (organist)">
James McGregor (organist)

James Bradley McGregor, born 1930 Cambridge, Ohio) is an American organist and composer.
Life.
In 1953 he received a B.S. degree in music from Capital University, where he studied with William S. Bailey. In 1959, he received an M.S.M degree from the Union Theological Seminary in the City of New York, where he studied with Vernon de Tar, Searle Wright, and Margaret Hillis. While he was a student at U.T.S., he also served as assistant organist at the General Theological Seminary, New York. 
In 1960, he was appointed Director of Music at Grace Church, Newark, where he served until July 2008. 
In 1972, he was appointed to the Liturgy and Music Commission of the (Episcopal) Diocese of Newark, and was active in its work until 1976, when it was dissolved. 
He was a member of the American Training Courses Committee of the Royal School of Church Music from 1974-1992. 
In 1983, he was appointed a consultant member of the Service Music Committee of the Standing Commission on Church Music (Episcopal Church). He served until 1985. 
A number of his compositions appear in "The Hymnal 1982." 
Of these the best known, perhaps, are the settings of the Kyrie and Sanctus from his Missa "Verbum caro factum est," a work inspired by a motet of Hans Leo Hassler, bearing the same name. 
His other compositions include Mass settings, anthems, motets, and responsorial settings of all the psalms assigned to Sundays and Holy Days in the lectionary of the 1979 Book of Common Prayer, as well as compositions for band, orchestra, chamber ensemble, organ, and piano. 
He also discovered r&b singer Timothy Hodge who was a member of the Grace Church Choir.
Sources.
Glover, Raymond F. ed. "The Hymnal 1982 Companion" (New York : Church Hymnal Corp., 1994) 2: 513

</doc>
<doc id="18836106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836106" title="List of communities in Antigonish County, Nova Scotia">
List of communities in Antigonish County, Nova Scotia

List of communities in Antigonish County, Nova Scotia
Many of the communities have Gaelic names.
Communities are ordered by the highway upon which they are located. All routes start with the terminus located near the largest community.

</doc>
<doc id="18836110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836110" title="Ferdinand II of Aragon">
Ferdinand II of Aragon

Ferdinand II (10 March 1452 – 23 January 1516), called the Catholic, was in his own right the King of Sicily from 1468 and King of Aragon from 1479. As Ferdinand V he was the King of Castile in his right of his wife, Isabella I, from 1475 until her death in 1504. He was recognised as regent of Castile for his daughter and heir, Joanna, from 1508 until his own death. In 1504, after a war with France, he became King of Naples as Ferdinand III, reuniting Naples with Sicily permanently and for the first time since 1458. In 1512, he became King of Navarre by conquest after asserting a hereditary claim.
Ferdinand is today best known for his role in inaugurating the discovery of the New World, since he and Isabella sponsored the first voyage of Christopher Columbus in 1492. That year he also fought the final war with Granada which expunged the last Islamic state on Spanish soil, thus bringing to a close the centuries-long "Reconquista". At his death he was succeeded by Joanna, who co-ruled with her son, Charles V, over all the Iberian kingdoms (save Portugal).
Biography.
Acquiring titles and powers.
Ferdinand was born in Sos del Rey Católico, Aragon, as the son of John II of Aragon (whose family was a cadet branch of the House of Trastámara) by his second wife, Juana Enríquez. He married Infanta Isabella, the half-sister and heiress of Henry IV of Castile, on 19 October 1469 in Valladolid. Isabella also belonged to the royal House of Trastámara, and the two were cousins by descent from John I of Castile. They were married with a clear prenuptial agreement on sharing power, and under the joint motto "tanto monta, monta tanto". He became "jure uxoris" King of Castile when Isabella succeeded her deceased brother in 1474 to be crowned as Queen Isabella I of Castile. The two young monarchs were initially obliged to fight a civil war against Joan of Castile (also known as Juana la Beltraneja), the purported daughter of Henry IV, and were swiftly successful. When Ferdinand succeeded his father as King of Aragon in 1479, the Crown of Castile and the various territories of the Crown of Aragon were united in a personal union creating for the first time since the 8th century a single political unit referred to as "España (Spain)", the root of which is the ancient name "Hispania". The various states were not formally administered as a single unit, but as separate political units under the same Crown. (The legal merging of Aragon and Castile into a single Spain occurred under Philip V in 1707-1715.)
The first years of Ferdinand and Isabella's joint rule saw the Spanish conquest of the Nasrid dynasty of the Emirate of Granada (Moorish Kingdom of Granada), the last Islamic al-Andalus entity on the Iberian peninsula, completed in 1492.
The completion of the Reconquista was not the only significant act performed by Ferdinand and Isabella in that year. In March 1492, the monarchs issued the Edict of Expulsion of the Jews, also called the Alhambra Decree, a document which ordered all Jews either to be baptized and convert to Christianity or to leave the country. That document was signed with the defeated Moorish Emir of Granada Muhammad XII, who had bargained for the muslims of Spain to be given left alone. It allowed Mudéjar Moors (Islamic) and converso Marrano Jews to stay, while expelling all unconverted Jews from Castile and Aragon (most Jews either converted or moved to Islamic lands of North Africa and the Ottoman Empire). 1492 was also the year in which the monarchs commissioned Christopher Columbus to find a westward maritime route for access to Asia, which resulted in the Spanish arrival in the Americas.
In 1494 the Treaty of Tordesillas divided the entire world beyond Europe between Portugal and Castile (Spain) for conquest and dominion purposes — by a north-south line drawn down the Atlantic Ocean.
Forced conversions.
During 1492 and beyond, Ferdinand did a lot more than just sponsor for Christopher Columbus's voyage. Ferdinand violated the 1492 Alhambra Decree peace treaty in 1502 by dismissing the clearly guaranteed religious freedom for Mudéjar Muslims. Ferdinand forced all Muslims in Castile and Aragon to convert, "converso" "Moriscos", to Catholicism, or else be expelled. Some of the Muslims who remained were mudéjar artisans, who could design and build in the Moorish style. This was also practiced by the Spanish inquisitors on the "converso" Marrano Jewish population of Spain. The main architect behind the Spanish Inquisition was King Ferdinand II. Ferdinand destroyed over ten thousand Arabic manuscripts in Granada alone, burning them. 
The latter part of Ferdinand's life was largely taken up with disputes with successive Kings of France over control of Italy, the so-called Italian Wars. In 1494, Charles VIII of France invaded Italy and expelled Alfonso II, who was Ferdinand's first cousin once removed and stepson of Ferdinand's sister, from the throne of Naples. Ferdinand allied with various Italian princes and with Emperor Maximilian I to expel the French by 1496 and install Alfonso's son, Ferdinand, on the Neapolitan throne. In 1501, following the death of Ferdinand II of Naples and accession of his uncle Frederick, Ferdinand signed an agreement with Charles VIII's successor, Louis XII, who had just successfully asserted his claims to the Duchy of Milan, to partition Naples between them, with Campania and the Abruzzi, including Naples itself, going to the French and Ferdinand taking Apulia and Calabria. The agreement soon fell apart and, over the next several years, Ferdinand's great general Gonzalo Fernández de Córdoba fought to take Naples from the French, finally succeeding by 1504.
After Isabella.
After Isabella I's death in 1504, her kingdom went to their daughter Joanna. Ferdinand II served as the latter's regent during her absence in the Netherlands, ruled by her husband Archduke Philip. Ferdinand attempted to retain the regency permanently, but was rebuffed by the Castilian nobility and replaced with Joanna's husband, who became Philip I of Castile. After Philip's death in 1506, with Joanna supposedly mentally unstable, and her and Philip's son, the future Emperor Charles V, was only six years old, Ferdinand resumed the regency, ruling through Francisco Jiménez de Cisneros, the Chancellor of the Kingdom. Charles I (to later become Holy Roman Emperor Charles V) became the King of Aragon in 1516, with his mother Joanna as Queen in name, upon Ferdinand's death.
Ferdinand disagreed with the policies and foreigness of Philip I. Ferdinand remarried to Germaine of Foix in 1505, the granddaughter of his half-sister Queen Eleanor of Navarre and niece of Louis XII of France. His hope was to father a new heir of Aragon, separating it from Castile, was not realized. It would have denied his son-in-law Philip I, and his grandson Charles I, from inheriting the crown and governance of Aragon. A son, John, Prince of Girona, was born, but died within hours. John was buried in the convent of Saint Paul in Valladolid, and later transferred to Poblet Monastery, traditional burial site of the kings of Aragon.
Ferdinand also had children from his mistress, Aldonza Ruiz de Iborre y Alemany of Cervera. He had a son, Alonso de Aragón(born in 1469), who later became Archbishop of Saragossa, and a daughter Joanna (born in 1471), who married Bernardino Fernández de Velasco, 1st Duke of Frías.
In the 16th century his son Alonso de Aragon, who later became Archbishop of Saragossa in Aragon, found a hidden study under Ferdinand's palace containing over 400 documents written by Ferdinand. In these documents Ferdinand explained his general outlook on political power, and his true goals behind all his decisions during life as the King of Castile and Aragon. Also through these documents, Ferdinand wrote that "during times of very complicated decision making he blindfolded himself to concentrate on the true matter of a situation, and not let other things 'cloud his judgment'."
In 1508 war resumed in Italy, this time against the Republic of Venice, which all the other powers with interests on the Italian peninsula, including Louis XII, Ferdinand II, Maximilian, and Pope Julius II joined together against as the 'League of Cambrai'. Although the French were victorious against Venice at the Battle of Agnadello, the League of Cambrai soon fell apart, as both the Pope and Ferdinand II became suspicious of French intentions. Instead, the 'Holy League' was formed, in which now all the powers joined together against Louis XII and France.
In November 1511 Ferdinand II and his son-in-law King Henry VIII of England signed the Treaty of Westminster, pledging mutual aid between the two against Navarre and France ahead of the Castilian invasion of Navarre as of July 1512. After the fall of Granada in 1492, he had maneuvered for years to take over the throne of the Basque kingdom, ruled by Queen Catherine of Navarre and King John III of Navarre, also lords of Béarn and other sizable territories of the Pyrenees and western Gascony. Ferdinand annexed Navarre first to the Crown of Aragon, but later on under the pressure of Castille noblemen, to the Crown of Castile. The Holy League was generally successful in Italy, as well, driving the French from Milan, which was restored to its Sforza dukes by the peace treaty in 1513. The French were successful in reconquering Milan two years later, however.
Ferdinand II died in 1516 in Madrigalejo, Extremadura.
He is entombed at "la Capilla Real" or the Royal Chapel of Granada, in Andalucia. Isabella I, Joanna I, and Philip I are beside him there.
Legacy and succession.
Ferdinand and Isabella established a highly effective sovereignty under equal terms. They utilized a prenuptial agreement to lay down their terms. During their reign they supported each other effectively in accordance to their joint motto of equality: "Tanto monta (or monta tanto), Isabel como Fernando", ("They amount to the same, Isabel and Ferdinand"). Isabella and Ferdinand's achievements were remarkable: Spain was united, or at least more united than it ever was, the crown power was centralized, at least in name, the reconquista was successfully concluded, the groundwork for the most dominant military machine of the next century and a half was laid, a legal framework was created, the church reformed. Even without the benefit of the American expansion, Spain would have been a major European power. Columbus' discovery set the country on the course for the first modern world power.
During the reign of Ferdinand and Isabella, Spain pursued alliances through marriage with Portugal, Habsburg Austria, and Burgundy. Their first-born daughter Isabella was married to Alfonso of Portugal, and their first-born son John was married to Margaret of Austria. However, the deaths of these children, and the death of Isabella, altered the succession plan forcing Ferdinand to yield the government of Castile to Philip of Habsburg the husband of his second daughter Joanna. 
In 1502, the members of the Aragonese "Cortes" gathered in Zaragoza, and Parliaments of the Kingdom of Valencia and the Pincipaute of Catalonia in Barcelona, as members of the Crown of Aragon, swore an oath of loyalty to their daughter Joanna as heiress, but Alonso de Aragón, Archbishop of Saragossa, stated firmly that this oath was invalid and did not change the law of succession which could only be done by formal legislation by the "Cortes" with the King. So, when King Ferdinand died on 23 January 1516, his daughter Joanna inherited the Crown of Aragon, and his grandson Charles became Governor General (regent). Nevertheless, the Flemish wished that Charles assume the royal title, and this was supported by his paternal grandfather the Holy Roman Emperor Maximilian I and by Pope Leo X. Consequently, after Ferdinand II's funeral on 14 March 1516, Charles I was proclaimed King of Castile and of Aragon jointly with his mother. Finally, the Castilian Regent, Cardinal Jiménez de Cisneros accepted the "fait accompli", and the Castilian and Aragonese "Cortes" paid homage to him as King of Aragon jointly with his mother.
His grandson and successor Charles, was to inherit not only the Spanish lands of his maternal grandparents, but the Habsburg and Burgundian lands of his paternal family, which would make his heirs the most powerful rulers on the continent and, with the discoveries and conquests in the Americas and elsewhere, of the first truly global Empire.
Issue.
With his wife Isabella I the Catholic (whom he married 19 October 1469), King Ferdinand had 6 children:
With his second wife, Germaine of Foix, niece of King Louis XII of France (whom he married on 19 October 1505 in Blois) King Ferdinand had one son:
He also left several illegitimate children. With Aldonza Ruiz de Iborre y Alemany, a Catalan noblewoman of Cervera, he had:
With an unknown mistress, he had:

</doc>
<doc id="18836145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836145" title="Omoloy River">
Omoloy River

The Omoloy River () is a stream in Siberia east of the Lena River. It flows northwards across the tundra into the Laptev Sea. Its mouth is located in the eastern coast of the Buor-Khaya Gulf. The Omoloy River freezes up in October and stays under ice until late May or early June. 
Latitude: 71.2269 N, Longitude: 131.9619 E
The basin of the Omoloy River is part of the Sakha (Yakutia) administrative region of Russia.
Its main tributaries are the Kuranah and the Arga Yuriah; both join the Omoloy from its left side more than halfway down its course.
The now extinct Beringian steppe bison used to have its habitat in the area of the Omoloy River. 

</doc>
<doc id="18836162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836162" title="Cole De Vries">
Cole De Vries

Cole William De Vries (born February 12, 1985) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent. De Vries signed with the Twins as a non-drafted free agent out of the University of Minnesota on August 22, . He played in Major League Baseball with the Minnesota Twins. He is tall and weighs .
Professional career.
De Vries spent the season with the Twins' advanced A affiliate, the Fort Myers Miracle. In the first half of the season, De Vries went 5–5 with a 3.11 earned run average and 47 strike outs over 13 appearances (12 starts) in Fort Myers' quest for the Florida State League first-half West Division title. De Vries pitched 6.2 innings of scoreless ball in the first playoff game against the second half division winners, the Dunedin Blue Jays to earn the 2–1 win for the Miracle in Dunedin.
In his first start of the season, De Vries led New Britain to their first victory, pitching 5 innings, and giving up only one earned run against the New Hampshire Fisher Cats, the Eastern League Double A farm club of the Toronto Blue Jays. For the season, he went 7–14 with a 4.84 ERA in 26 starts. He made ten appearances for the Rock Cats in , five starts and five relief appearances, before being promoted to Rochester. He was used exclusively out of the bullpen with the Red Wings, producing a 5.06 ERA and ten strike outs in five appearances before returning to New Britain.
On May 22, 2012, De Vries was promoted by the Twins to replace Jason Marquis, who was designated for assignment.
De Vries achieved his first Major League win on June 4, 2012 against the Kansas City Royals.
De Vries was outrighted off the Twins roster on October 2, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18836188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836188" title="Sammy NeSmith">
Sammy NeSmith

Sammy NeSmith was a professional boxer in the early 1970s. He currently resides in New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="18836222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836222" title="Wilson Ramos">
Wilson Ramos

Wilson Abraham Ramos Campos (born August 10, 1987) is a Venezuelan professional baseball catcher for the Washington Nationals of Major League Baseball. He is 6' tall, weighs 221 lbs., and throws and bats right-handed. 
Playing career.
Minnesota Twins.
Ramos was signed by the Minnesota Twins as a non-drafted free agent on July 7, . He caught 43% of potential base stealers in his minor league career, and has a .987 fielding percentage. In , with the Twins' High-A affiliate, the Fort Myers Miracle, he batted .242 with eight home runs and 42 runs batted in in the first half of the 2008 season, helping his team capture the Florida State League first-half West Division title. When 2008 Florida State League All-Star catcher James Skelton of the Lakeland Flying Tigers suffered an injury, Ramos was added to the West Division All-Star team, joining teammates Robert Delaney, Brian Dinkelman, Jeff Manship, Anthony Slama and Danny Valencia.
Ramos' batting average jumped to .333 in the second half of 2008. For the season, he batted .288 with thirteen home runs, and was named to the All FSL Team. His 78 RBIs was fourth in the Florida State League.
Ramos entered the season ranked as the Twins third best prospect by "Baseball America" behind Aaron Hicks and Ben Revere, and #71 in all of minor league baseball. The Twins added Ramos to their 40 man roster, and invited him to Spring training. After which, he was assigned to the Twins' double A Eastern League affiliate, the New Britain Rock Cats. He broke his right index finger in May and suffered a hamstring injury in June, forcing him to do a nearly two-month rehab assignment, during which he hit three home runs in five games with the Gulf Coast League Twins. Ramos rejoined his team in August, and batted .317 with four home runs and 29 RBIs for the season.
Major leagues.
Ramos batted over .400 in spring training in . However, with Joe Mauer behind the plate, the Twins sent Ramos to the Triple-A Rochester Red Wings rather than have him serve in a back-up role in the majors.
He received his first major league call-up on May 1, when Mauer was sidelined by a bruised left heel and was limited to emergency pinch hitting. Ramos took the roster spot of Pat Neshek, who was placed on the 15-day disabled list retroactive to April 29 with inflammation of the middle finger on his right hand.
On May 2, facing the Cleveland Indians, Ramos slapped a single between third base and the shortstop in the top of the second inning for his first major league hit. Ramos went four-for-five on the day with three singles and a double. He is the first Twins player since Kirby Puckett in to collect four hits in a major league debut, and the only catcher in modern history (since 1900) to collect four hits in his MLB debut.
On May 3 he followed up his debut by going 3 for 4 and driving in his first RBI. All told, he played seven games with the Twins while filling in for Mauer, batting .296 with three doubles and one RBI. On May 13, with Mauer ready to return to action, and José Morales coming off the DL, Ramos was reassigned to Rochester.
Washington Nationals.
On July 29, 2010, Ramos was traded to the Washington Nationals along with Joe Testa for closer Matt Capps.
In 2011, Ramos was chosen by "Baseball America" as the catcher on its All-Rookie Team.
On May 12, 2012, Ramos tore an anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee while trying to field a passed ball in a game against the Cincinnati Reds. He was placed on the 60-day disabled list for the 2012 season.
Ramos and Kurt Suzuki began 2013 as the Nationals starting catchers. However, on April 13, Ramos hurt his hamstring while trying to beat out a ground ball, putting him on the disabled list, with Jhonatan Solano replacing him and Suzuki started. After being activated on April 29, Ramos quickly went back on the disabled list on May 16 with the same injury. Ramos was activated on July 4, and in his first game back against the Brewers, he went 3-4 with a three-run home run and 5 RBI. His solid July, in which he hit .302/.333/.540 with 4 HR and 17 RBI in 18 games, earned him more starts over Suzuki before they eventually traded Suzuki to Oakland on August 23. Ramos finished the year as the starting catcher. In 78 games with the Nationals, Ramos hit .272/.307/.470 with 16 HR and 59 RBI.
2011 abduction and rescue in Venezuela.
On November 9, 2011 at approximately 6:45 pm local time, Ramos was approached by four armed men near his home in Valencia, Venezuela and was taken away in an SUV. Ramos was with his family at the time. On November 10, 2011 at 4:00 pm local time, Ramos was reported alive. Originally back in his homeland to play during the offseason for his Venezuelan team, Tigres de Aragua, Ramos was rescued after two days, and eight suspects were soon in custody. "What they did was laugh, joke about my pain," Ramos said in brief remarks on television. He has said he expects to be on the field playing for the Nationals again soon. "I'm very thankful, and I feel like I've been born again."

</doc>
<doc id="18836230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836230" title="Banda Machos">
Banda Machos

Banda Machos is a Mexican band originally from Villa Corona, in the state of Jalisco. The band sings a combination of Banda music, Quebradita, and Ranchera. Banda Machos has performed songs composed by Joan Sebastian, Jose Guadalupe Esparza, 
José Alfredo Jiménez, Ivan Diaz, Horacio Ortíz and Marco Antonio Solís.
The band has been together for over 20 years and has recorded over 20 albums.
Origins.
In 1990, 13 young men from Villa Corona came together to form a musical group. They recorded and released their first album, "Serian Las Dos", on cassette that same year. Composed primarily of cumbias, rancheras and corridos, the band's debut achieved moderate success. In 1991, Banda Machos issued "Casimira", with the title track, "Lena De Pirul", "La Culebra", "Un Indio Quiere Llorar", "No Soy Monedita De Oro", "La Cosita" and "Traficantes Michoacanos" becoming major hits. They also interpreted "El Viejo Joven" and "Un Cariño Como Tu", both well known songs by Joan Sebastian. The band began using their phrase "Arre Machos!" on many of their songs. The band's breakthrough came with 1992's "Sangre De Indio", which spawned "Al Gato Y Al Raton", their biggest hit at the time. Other hits on the album are "La Secretaria", "Y La Quiere Paco", "Escuadras Del Sur", "Sangre De Indio", "Volvere", "Mi Tesoro" and "Chaparra De Mi Amor." In 1993, they released their fourth album, "Los Machos Tambien Lloran." The album featured "Guerita", "Motivos", "Mi Luna, Mi Estrella", "Las Nachas", "La Carga Del Diablo", "Las Mañanitas" and "Tu Abandono", all of which were popular songs in Mexico and the United States. The album cover was the first to display the band's unique costumes that they gained recognition for.
This production included the essential touch of their name by what many call "El Macho" consisting of a figure with a hat and suit. It is usually black, although it has changed color. "Gracias Mujer" was released in 1994. Hits on the album include "Las Habas", "La Más Bonita De Todas", "El Puchoncito", "Mi Otra Mitad", "Esclavo y Amo" and an interpretation of "Bésame Mucho". At the time, the band's lead singer was Raúl Ortega, who after this release attempted a solo career with his own band known as Banda Arre. Raul had little success with his solo adventure, so he decided to return to the band in 2001. Machos released two albums, "La Reunion" and "A Prueba De Balas" that year. His return was short-lived, and soon after he left for good.
Their success came early on in the Quebradita wave, a style popularized in Los Angeles' Latin circuit in the early '90s. In particular, their third album, "Sangre De Indio" (Blood of an Indian), which had their hit "Al Gato Y Al Raton" made them radio staples during the early 1990s.
Musical contributions.
Along with Banda el Recodo, among other bands, they were responsible for constructing a more danceable style of traditional Banda music. This was the Quebradita style which essentially combined cumbia with banda.
1990s and Beyond.
The band became known early on as "La Reina de las Bandas" (Queen of the Bands), both because of their unique costumes and their early contributions to the Quebradita genre.
In 1993, Banda Machos was awarded by Univisión's Lo Nuestro for Revelation of the Year in the Mexican/Regional category, achieving a Furia Musical award for Best Mexican Band. Banda Machos' "Zappa Mambo" was featured in the movie "My Family", produced by Francis Ford Coppola in 1995.
After 1994's "Gracias Mujer", lead singer Raul Ortega left Banda Machos and formed his own band. During his absence, Raul was replaced by José (Pepe) Elpidio Morfin as lead vocalist. "Mi Chica Ideal", released in 1995, had the singles "Mi Chica Ideal", "Usted", "Te Lo Debo A Ti" and "Si La Miro Mañana", that dominated the charts. The album proved to be a big seller. In 1996, they followed up with "Palabra De Machos." The majority of the album's success came from the singles "Morenaza", "Se Lo Dejo A Dios", "Mala", "Chiquilla Bonita" and "Entre Perico Y Perico." The album's cover dubbed Banda Machos La Reina De Las Bandas (Queen of the Bands), a name that was given to the band. In 1997, their album "Historia Sin Fin" was released with great anticipation. The title track, "Ya Lo Pagaras", "Muevete", "Tres Minutos", "Me Canse De Ti" and "Sentimiento Navideño" were the most popular songs on the album. The band continued steadily releasing new material well into the late '90's, such as 1998's "Vivir Sin Ella" (which included "Besame y Abrazame", "Las Mafias del Norte" and "Sierras Milagrosas") and 1999's "Rancheras De Oro". "Rancheras De Oro" featured "En Toda La Chapa", "No Compró Amores" and "Recuérdame Y Ven", the latter two having a music video. In 2000, "Me Llamo Raquel", from their 11th studio album, "Mi Guitarra Y Yo", took over radio waves in the United States and Latin America. Other songs include "Fracase", "Si Los Caminos Hablaran", "A Capa y Espada", "Los Dos Zacatecanos", "A Mover El Bote" and "Ya No Me Dejo." After "Mi Guitarra Y Yo", lead vocalist José Morfin opted to leave the band and formed Banda BM3. In 2001, with the return of Raul Ortega, Banda Machos released "La Reunion" and "A Prueba De Balas." The majority of "La Reunion" featured duets with Mexican singers and two previously unreleased tracks ("Muriendo de Amor" and "Fuera De Mi"). "A Prueba De Balas" scored big with the title track, "La Ruquita" and "Esa Chiche Vieja." This album was the most controversial because Banda Machos would be without their two star vocalists, as this was the final departure of Raul Ortega. In 2002, the band had not lost its essence, newcomers Eric Perez and Julio César Guerrero sharing lead vocals, Banda Machos released their self-titled album, which featured the hit, "La Suegra." In 2003, Banda Machos released "El Cantante Del Siglo Y La Reina De Las Bandas" in honor of Pedro Infante. In 2004, the band released "Pura Pasion", which featured "Te Vas", "La Manguera" and "La Noche Que Murio Chicago". Time after, Alejandro Díaz joined Banda Machos and shared lead vocals with Julio César and in 2005, Banda Machos released "Alma De Fuego." "La Negra Le Pone" was the lead single of the album. They celebrated their 15th year as band by performing for a live audience in Morelia. The entire performance was presented and is available on DVD. In early 2006, "20 Mil Heridas" was released and nominated for a Grammy for Best Banda Album. Hits include "20 Mil Heridas", "Regalenme Aire", "Sueños Compartidos" and "Chivas Del Corazón." "A Pesar De Todo" was released in the spring of 2007. Songs on the album include the title track, "Cuatro Meses", "El Chubasco", "Copa Tras Copa", "El Día Que Me Muera" and "Entre Copa y Copa." In 2008, "El Proximo Tonto", the band's 20th studio album in eighteen years, was released with the title track, "La Novia Coja" and "No Hay Problema" becoming hits. Banda Machos released "Estas Seleccionada" in 2009 with "Arremangala Arrempujala" as the lead single. Other songs that generated album sales are "La Petacona" and "Te Lavaste La Cara, El Mono No." Currently, the lead vocalists are Alejandro Díaz and Julio César Guerrero. The back up singers are Rubén de Landa and Agustín Mariscal.
Their songs are often satirical, filled with sexual innuendos and of double entendres. Among these we could include, for example "Las Nachas", "Me Llamo Raquel", "El Profesor" and "La Manguera".
Social impact.
One of the songs recorded by the band was "La Culebra" (The Snake), a cover of a Cuban song. This song was played during the campaign stop, in which the PRI candidate to the Mexican Presidency in 1994, Luis Donaldo Colosio, was murdered. It is said that "La Culebra" was supposed to act as the signal to go ahead with the murder. The key stanza was where the song says "Ay, si me muerde los pies!, Yo la quiero acurruñar si me muerde los pies, "Yo la tengo que matar"". (If it bites my feet, I have to grab it, If it bites my feet, I have to kill it).
In the only video recording of the event, one can hear the song in the background as the gun 
approaches the candidate's temple.
Thanks to its album "Sangre De Indio", Banda Machos was considered the creator of "The Ravine", a distinctive dance of the "techno-band", as Jorge Luis Berdeja cited in an article in the Cultural section newspaper "El Universal" from Mexico in 1997, which refers to the band as an element of identity especially among Mexicans living in the United States.
20th Anniversary.
This past July, Banda Machos celebrated their 20th Anniversary by throwing a party and performing live in their native Villa Corona, Jalisco. Photos of the event can be viewed at Banda Machos' official website.
Official discography.
1990.
Serían las dos
1.-Pacas de a kilo.
2.-Serían las dos.
3.-Rafael ``Chori`` Hernández.
4.-Le dieron pa`sus tunas.
5.-Prietita linda.
6.-El cuaco chano.
7.-Pollitas de cuenta.
8.-La negra tete.
9.-El coyote y la amapola.
10.-La pachanga.
1991.
Casimira
1.-Casimira
2.-Leña de pirul
3.-La culebra.
4.-El corrido de Lupe García.
5.-El viejo joven.
6.-Un indio quiere llorar.
7.-Un cariño como tú.
8.-No soy monedita de oro.
9.-La cosita.
10.-Traficantes michoacanos.
11.-Petronila la chilanga.
12.-Sentimiento y traición.
1992.
Sangre de indio
1.-La secretaria.
2.-40 cartas.
3.-Y la quiere Paco.
4.-Escuadras del sur.
5.-Al gato y al ratón.
6.-La divina garza.
7.-Sangre de indio.
8.-El bilingüe.
9.-Caminos de la vida.
10.-Volvere.
11.-Mi tesoro.
12.-Chaparra de mi amor.
1993.
Los machos también lloran
1.-Güerita.
2.-Los machos también lloran.
3.-Que murmuren.
4.-Motivos.
5.-La bailera.
6.-Tu abandono.
7.-Las calles de mi pueblo.
8.-Cumbia torera.
9.-Mi luna, mi estrella.
10.-Ya lo pense.
11.-Las nachas.
12.-La carga del Diablo.
13.-Las mañanitas.
1994.
Gracias Mujer
1.-Las habas.
2.-Besando borrachos.
3.-Princesa gitana.
4.-Gracias mujer.
5.-Muevete morena.
6.-El argentino.
7.-La más bonita de todas.
8.-Entrega total.
9.-El puchoncito.
10.-Mi otra mitad.
11.-Hembras traicioneras.
12.-Escalvo y amo.
13.-Besame mucho.
1995.
Mi Chica Ideal
1.-Mi chica ideal.
2.-Usted.
3.-Ni pichas, ni cachas.
4.-Que te costaba decírmelo.
5.-El remo de Lino.
6.-Te lo debo a ti.
7.-Jineteando.
8.-Ella.
9.-Si la miro mañana.
10.-El plebeyo.
11.-Falda cortita.
12.-Tu otro Dios.
13.-Suave y tierno.
1996.
Palabra de Machos
1.-Morenaza.
2.-Se lo dejo a Dios.
3.-Mala.
4.-Soy tuyo.
5.-Esta tristeza mia.
6.-Se solicita un cariño.
7.-Chiquita bonita.
8.-Mira.
9.-Mi tristeza.
10.-El pañuelo.
11.-Entre perico y perico.
1997.
Historia sin fin
1.-Historia sin fin.
2.-Ya lo pagaras.
3.-Muevete.
4.-Tres minutos.
5.-Me canse de ti.
6.-Desesperadamente.
7.-Sentimiento navideño.
8.-Nada es igual.
9.-Te voy a dar chiquilla.
10.-Volver a empezar.
11.-Llore y llore.
12.-Volver, volver.
1998.
Vivir sin ella
1.-Vivir sin ella.
2.-Besame y abrazame.
3.-Entre amigos.
4.-Me dejas.
5.-Toda mia.
6.-Las mafias del norte.
7.-La locomotora.
8.-Decidete.
9.-Sierras milagrosas.
10.-La cumbia del torero.
11.-Lo nuestro ya no.
12.-Hablame de ladito.
1999.
Rancheras de Oro
1.-En toda la chapa.
2.-Mi golondrina
3.-Ya te vele.
4.-Corazón usado.
5.-No compró amores.
6.-Recuérdame y ven.
7.-El cerillazo.
8.-Ingratos ojos mios.
9.-Amor sin medida.
10.-Las rejas no matan.
2000.
Mi guitarra y yo
1.-Fracase.
2.-Me llamo Raquel.
3.-Si los caminos hablaran.
4.-Mil copas.
5.-Ya no me dejo.
6.-A capa y espada.
7.-Mi guitarra y yo.
8.-Amorcito.
9.-Los dos Zacatecanos.
10.-Mi viejo.
11.-A mover el bote.
12.-Me acostumbre a perder.
2001.
La Reunion
1.-Muriendo de amor.
2.-Casimira.
3.-Sangre de indio.
4.-Me llamo Raquel.
5.-Historia sin fin.
6.-Las nachas.
7.-Fuera de mi.
8.-La culebra.
9.-Un indio quiere llorar.
10.-Al gato y al ratón.
11.-Leña de pirul.
12.-Mi luna, mi estrella.
A prueba de balas
1.-A prueba de balas.
2.-Amargos arroyos.
3.-La ruquita.
4.-Cuando los años pasan.
5.-El bato perron.
6.-La pachanga.
7.-Dentro de mi.
8.-Esa chinche vieja.
9.-El triste.
10.-Mi único camino.
11.-No me toques.
12.-Ya le dieron pa`sus tunas.
2002.
Banda Machos
1.-Por encima de todo. 
2.-Risa me causa. 
3.-Linda chiquilla. 
4.-Las isabeles. 
5.-Aun estoy loco. 
6.-La dorotea. 
7.-Mil tragos. 
8.-Cuando llora mi corazón. 
9.-Quisieron tumbar al jefe. 
10.-La suegra. 
11.-Hombre malo.
12.-Como perros y gatos.
2003.
Pedro Infante el cantante del siglo y la Reina de las Bandas 
1.-La cama de piedra. 
2.-Besame morenita. 
3.-Tres días. 
4.-En tu dia. 
5.-Un mundo raro. 
6.-Te vengo a buscar. 
7.-Ella. 
8.-El piojo y la pulga. 
9.-El muchacho alegre. 
10.-Echame la tierra encima.
2004.
Pura Pasión 2004
1.-Te vas. 
2.-Cuando estes con él. 
3.-Amor de oropel. 
4.-Vas a pagar. 
5.-La manguera. 
6.-La mujer de Chon. 
7.-El mandilon. 
8.-Los gustos. 
9.-Padre amigo. 
10.-Cuando nadie te quiera. 
11.-Aeropuerto de Chicago. 
12.-La noche que Chicago murió.
2005.
Alma de fuego 
1.-En tu sonrisa.
2.-La negra le pone.
3.-El huerfanito.
4.-Dime tu.
5.-Chismes de vecindad.
6.-No soy de palo.
7.-Estaba sin vida.
8.-La roncona.
9.-Eres tu.
10.-La culpa del error.
11.-Eso me huele mal.
12.-La farsante.
2006.
20 Mil Heridas
1.-20 mil heridas.
2.-Regalenme aire.
3.-Como anillo al dedo.
4.-Aferrado.
5.-Leon rasurado.
6.-Sueños compartidos.
7.-La lamparita.
8.-Cruz de mujeres.
9.-Dime.
10.-Chivas del corazón.
11.-Cuando fuiste mia.
12.-Se tambalean.
2007.
A pesar de todo
1.-Quiero amanecer.
2.-Total ya se fue.
3.-Cuatro meses.
4.-El chubasco.
5.-Copa tras copa.
6.-El gusto.
7.-Las quedadas.
8.-El día que me muera.
9.-Entre copa y copa.
10.-Tomalo por el lado amable.
11.-A pesar de todo.
12.-Señorita cantinera.
2008.
El próximo tonto
1.-La novia coja.
2.-Dos pajaritos.
3.-Me voy
4.-Corrido de la hermana.
5.-Linda princesa.
6.-No hay problema.
7.-El próximo tonto.
8.-Fuera de la ley.
9.-Si mi tristeza se va.
10.-La escuelita.
11.-Tres cartones.
12.-Estamos a mano.
2009.
Estás seleccionada
1. Arremángala arrempújala. 
2. Ciega. 
3. La petacona
4. Como te atreves.
5. La computadora.
6. Te Lavaste La Cara, El Mono No.
7. La traidora.
8. Llámala.
9. Estás seleccionada.
10. Mi otro yo.
11. Los Calzones de La Dama.
12. Y Cómo Es Él.
Corridos Prohibidos en Vivo
1. Andamos Alebresstados.
2. El Más Buscado.
3. El Aguila González.
4. El Estuche Dorado.
5. Vato Jijo del Cocho.
6. El Parotas.
7. El Cerro Responde.
8. El Mango.
9. El Tarasco.
10. El Tinaco.
11. El Palomo.
12. Corrido de Juan Martha.
13. El Sonidito (Ruidito).
2010.
20 Anos De Exitos En Vivo
1. El Proximo Tonto
2. La Petacona
3. A Pesar De Todo
4. Te Lavaste La Cara y El Mono No (El Mono De Marciana)
5. Cuatro Meses (Que Se Te Quite Ese Orgullo)
6. El Chubasco
7. La Novia Coja
8. Arremangala Arrempujala
9. Corrido de la Hermana
10. Amor a La 1070
11. Nadie Te Toco

</doc>
<doc id="18836233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836233" title="I'm with You">
I'm with You

I'm with You may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18836257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836257" title="Tregaron (estate)">
Tregaron (estate)

Tregaron is a estate in Washington, D. C. on the grounds of The Causeway.
History.
The property, originally part of a larger estate, "Twin Oaks", was bought by Gardiner Greene Hubbard, founder of the National Geographic Society, in the 1880s, and named "The Causeway". His daughter Mabel married Alexander Graham Bell, and inherited the property, which she sold to James Parmelee, a Cleveland financier. He hired Charles Adams Platt to design a country house for the property. Platt employed Ellen Biddle Shipman as landscape architect for the project. 
After Parmelee's death, the estate was purchased in 1940 by Joseph E. Davies and his wife, Marjorie Merriweather Post. Davies was First Chairman of the Federal Trade Commission; American Ambassador to the Soviet Union (1936-1938); Ambassador to Belgium and Luxembourg (1938-1939); a lawyer (1937 Law Firm: Davies, Richberg. Beebe, Busick and Richardson); and Special Advisor to President Harry Truman and Secretary of State James Byrnes, with Rank of Ambassador at the Potsdam Conference. Davies named the place "Tregaron" (the town of Saint Caron) after the town where his father, Edward Davies, was born in Ceredigion, Wales. 
After Davies's death in 1958, the Washington International School purchased of the , and the Tregaron Limited Partnership, an Israeli corporation, purchased the remaining . Attempts to develop the space were opposed by the "Friends of Tregaron", a community group. Eventually, in 2006, an agreement was reached by which of the estate have been conserved as open green space and are managed by Tregaron Conservatory. 
Filming location.
The Tregaron estate mansion was extensively used for both interiors and exteriors in the 1962 film "Advise and Consent".

</doc>
<doc id="18836268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836268" title="Rural Municipality of Ste. Anne">
Rural Municipality of Ste. Anne

Ste. Anne is a rural municipality lying southeast of Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. It is part of the Eastman Region and the Manitoba Census Division No. 2. Its 2001 census population was 4,427. The separately administered town of Ste. Anne lies within the borders of the municipality, in its northwestern part.

</doc>
<doc id="18836302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836302" title="Best I Ever Had (State of Shock song)">
Best I Ever Had (State of Shock song)

"Best I Ever Had" is the third single by Canadian rock band State of Shock from their album, "Life, Love & Lies". The song's main issues deal with forgiveness, love, and loss. It has reached #25 on the Canadian Hot 100.
Content.
It is about a man who is wanting to apologize to his ex for ending their relationship. This song tells how he threw away the best relationship he ever had and how he wants to seek reconciliation.
Music video.
This song's music video was released in early September. It features Melnyk singing in the rain playing piano, while it flicks back to times with his girlfriend. He begins to realize how he should have stayed with her. His girlfriend sees him on TV performing, and she has a breakdown. Just as Melnyk arrives, to presumably apologize, she has taken a substantial amount of pills and then gets into the bathtub. When he finds her, she is already dead.

</doc>
<doc id="18836314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836314" title="Llyn Alwen">
Llyn Alwen

Llyn Alwen is a small upland lake on the Denbigh moors in Conwy County Borough, Wales at SH 898 565.
It lies on the rolling Silurian moorland to the north-west of Mwdwl-eithin and about 10 km to the east of Betws y Coed. The discharge from the lake flows under the A543 road to form the headwater of Alwen Reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="18836338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836338" title="Electric Time Company">
Electric Time Company

Electric Time Company, founded in 1928, is a manufacturer of tower and street clocks marketed worldwide.
History.
Electric Time Company was founded in 1928 and incorporated in the state of Massachusetts in 1932. It was founded by a salesman for the Self Winding Clock Company and Telechron of Ashland, Massachusetts. Originally part of Telechron it has progressed from an office in Boston, Massachusetts to manufacturing facilities in Wellesley, Massachusetts - South Natick Massachusetts and currently a 50,000 ft**2 (4,645 m**2) manufacturing facility in Medfield, Massachusetts. 
Electric Time produces approximately 1000 clocks annually and is the largest maker of custom outdoor clocks in the United States. Electric Time produces tower clocks, post clocks, and bracket clocks. Electric time has many clock installations throughout the world, ranging from Brazil to Turkey to Europe. Some notable installations are Wrigley Field, Tiffany & Co, Disneyworld, Disneyland, Great American Ball Park and numerous others.
Media.
Electric Time has been featured in How it's made Post Clocks Episode 75 Series 6 and the local Boston television news magazine Chronicle (TV Newsmagazine). Electric Time was the basis for an article in the Wall Street Journal on Street Clocks.

</doc>
<doc id="18836352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836352" title="The Romance of Certain Old Clothes">
The Romance of Certain Old Clothes

The Romance of Certain Old Clothes was written by Henry James in February 1868 and was first published in "The Atlantic Monthly". The original debut was in Volume 21, Issue 124. James later made some revisions, including changes to the family name and eldest daughter when he published the story in the UK in 1885. This short fictional story can be considered Gothic Literature due to its ghostly nature, social and contemporary issues brought forth in this article. Since this short story had not debuted on its own, many authors included this ghostly story in their anthologies including American Gothic Tales, edited by Joyce Carol Oates, while several others decided to retell the story, for example, "Ginevra" written by, Samuel Rogers.
Plot summary.
"The Romance of Certain Old Clothes"
The tale begins in the eighteenth century in Massachusetts. It features the Willoughbys (changed to Wingraves in the 1885 revision), a widowed mother and her three children, one boy and two girls. The two girls, Viola (changed to Rosalind in the 1885 revision) and Perdita, are considered by the narrator to be equally beautiful. The girls were to be married, but their suitors seemed to be more interested in their looks and possessions than in the women themselves.
Both women fall in love with Mr. Arthur Lloyd, who then must choose between them. The sisters vow not to be envious or angry at his choice. Lloyd chooses Perdita, and Viola is jealous in spite of herself. The new Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd moved twenty miles away from the home, and Viola became bitter and depressed. Mr. Lloyd leaves the now-pregnant Perdita at home when he attends the wedding of his brother-in-law, where he meets Viola, and the two renew their friendship. Arthur receives a message that his daughter has been born, but that is wife's health is failing. Perdita, aware that she is dying and angry that her husband was with Viola while she (Perdita) was in childbirth, makes Arthur to promise to preserve the gowns she has saved in a chest for their daughter. She fears Viola will marry Lloyd and appropriate the dresses for herself. Arthur promises he will protect the chest and its contents.
Viola comes to the Lloyd home to help take care of her niece, and eventually she and Mr. Lloyd marry. A series of misfortunes follow, leaving them with significant financial losses and with Viola unable to bear children. At this time, Viola begins to pressure Arthur to open the chest. Arthur argues that he made a promise to Perdita and tells Viola that the matter is closed. However, Viola's hounding continues and eventually, Arthur surrenders and allows her to open the chest. Later in the evening, when Viola has failed to attend dinner or respond to several of Mr. Lloyd's summons, he climbs the stairs to the attic, where the chest is kept, to look for her. In the attic, he finds Viola dead, on her knees in front of the opened chest, with ten hideous wounds inflicted by ghostly hands.
Analysis.
This ghostly tale is considered to be a Gothic Tale due to its Freudian uncanny nature. It is something that is familiar while at the same time as being repressed. It is possibly something that is hidden, but has been brought to life. Freud describes it as atavistic feelings of death.
“The Romance of Certain Old Clothes” makes the reader encounter several various feelings about the short story. It also brings diverse questions to its readers. Does Arthur really ever love Rosalind? Why does he really let Rosalind open the chest?
The Gothic short story is a representation of the century in which it was written with a twist. James invites several different types of emotions to the reader, as well as the characters. The story is written in a format that allows the reader to become angry and confused about Viola's actual motivations after her sister’s death. At the same time, others may understand this is her revenge. Her motivation is the opening of the chest that was not to be touched until the daughter was ready to wear the clothing and jewelry. Perdita is the one who actually has the last laugh or success so to speak, she was well aware of her sister’s intention, and her ghostly body guarded her family and the chest. Perdita haunts the family and eventually kills her sister. This is the something that Freud is trying to interpret when he describes the “uncanny.” This is the strange with the familiar. It is also a repetition. After all, both sisters have their revenge.
Critical Overview.
Many critics seem to agree this story is a reflection of the Freud’s theory of “the uncanny.” Critics say that it is a revenge story about the grudges of the dead combined with sibling rivalry. Arthur is considered to be a Shakespeare of his time, and he refers to Perdita's appearance as Shakespearian poetic character. Other critics note that James is an admirer of Hawthorne, and that his works reflect Hawthorne's writing style.

</doc>
<doc id="18836395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836395" title="List of communities in Cape Breton Regional Municipality">
List of communities in Cape Breton Regional Municipality

List of communities in Cape Breton County, Nova Scotia
Communities are ordered by the highway upon which they are located. All routes start with the terminus located near the largest community.

</doc>
<doc id="18836439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836439" title="Steven Barnett (diver)">
Steven Barnett (diver)

Steven Barnett (born 15 June 1979) is a male Australian diver, who won a bronze medal in the 2004 Summer Olympics with diving partner Robert Newbery. He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder.

</doc>
<doc id="18836441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836441" title="ColorMonitor IIe/AppleColor Composite Monitor IIe">
ColorMonitor IIe/AppleColor Composite Monitor IIe

The ColorMonitor IIe, later renamed AppleColor Composite Monitor IIe is a CRT-based color or gray monochrome (selectable) 13-inch monitor manufactured by Apple Computer for the Apple II personal computer family. This monitor is designed to fit into the grooves on the top of the Apple II, II+, and IIe computers. This monitor has no swiveling option.

</doc>
<doc id="18836459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836459" title="Annandale (Pacific Electric)">
Annandale (Pacific Electric)

Annandale was a line operated by the Pacific Electric Railway from 1902 to 1928. The line from the Pacific Electric Building at 6th and Main streets in Downtown Los Angeles to the town of Annandale (later part of Pasadena), specifically at the intersection of Avenue 64 and La Loma Street.
There was an early plan to extend the line to Downtown Pasadena by way of West California Boulevard (where a local line was already running). Connections between Los Angeles and Pasadena were limited by topography, and the three existing lines were all very heavily used.
The line was abandoned in 1928, and the only part that was kept was used for a shuttle to Los Angeles General Hospital (present-day Los Angeles County-USC Medical Center). Unlike most Pacific Electric routes, no evidence of this line exists along the former route.

</doc>
<doc id="18836488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836488" title="If That's What It Takes (album)">
If That's What It Takes (album)

"If That's What It Takes" is the name of Michael McDonald's debut solo album, released in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18836508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836508" title="King Fahd Bridge">
King Fahd Bridge

The King Fahd Bridge' (Pont Roi Fahd) of Bamako Mali connects the older sections of the Malian capital to its broad suburbs on the south shore of the Niger River.
One of two road bridges across the Niger at Bamako, it is also known as the "New Bridge". Opened in 1992 with funding from the Saudi Fund for Development, it was named for Fahd of Saudi Arabia. 500 meters downstream (east) lies Bamako's first bridge, built in 1957 under French Colonial rule, renamed the Martyrs Bridge. Both bridges connect the central city neighborhood of Commune III with Badalabougou. The Avenue de la CDEAO passes over the King Fahd Bridge. Prior to the 1950s, the only crossing of the Niger at Bamako was at the Sotuba Causeway, 8 kilometers downstream from the city, which is a low water crossing of cut stone at the location of a natural rapids. The Airgrettes Dam, 200 kilometers upstream, is a hydroelectric station and the next all season crossing to the west. The next all season crossing downstream is at the Markala Dam, over 200 kilometers east northeast past Segou, which until recently relied on ferry transport to cross one arm of the Niger. The next road bridge to cross the Niger river downstream of Markala is at Gao, Mali. A Chinese funded third road bridge, downstream on the east end of Bamako, is in the construction stage.

</doc>
<doc id="18836510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836510" title="Sam Giguère">
Sam Giguère

Samuel Giguère (born July 11, 1985 in Sherbrooke, Quebec) is a Canadian football wide receiver for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League. He was drafted by the Tiger-Cats eighth overall in the 2008 CFL Draft and signed by the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played CIS football at Sherbrooke.
He has also been a member of the New York Giants, and participated for the Canadian National Bobsleigh team as a brakeman.
College career.
He played for the Université de Sherbrooke Vert-et-Or In 2005, he caught 30 passes for 984 yards and 4 touchdowns. He was also a member of the Junior Canadian Team and was one of the fastest players in the AAA Collegial Ligue. In 2006, he was fourth leading wide receiver with 19 receptions for 464 yards. He tied the record for most touchdown receptions (3) in a game against Acadia University. Giguère was also named offensive player of the week in the QUFL, the Quebec University Football League. That year, Giguère was named to the QUFL all-star team. He was also runner-up for the Université de Sherbrooke rookie of the year award in 2005-2006. In 2007, Samuel Giguère caught 45 passes for 871 yards, 7 touchdowns, was a first-team all-conference selection and a first-team All Canadian. He finished the year ranked second in yards and third in yards per game (108.9), and had all career KOR totals as a Senior
Professional career.
Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Giguère was drafted eighth overall in the 2008 CFL Draft by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. However, The NFL's Indianapolis Colts signed him following the 2008 NFL Draft.
Indianapolis Colts.
Giguère signed with the Indianapolis Colts as an undrafted free agent on May 2, 2008. He was waived on August 30 during final cuts and subsequently re-signed to the team's practice squad.
After spending the entire 2008 season on the practice squad, Giguère was re-signed to a future contract on January 5, 2009. He was once again waived during final cuts on September 5, only to be re-signed to the practice squad two days later. 
Giguère was promoted to the Colts' active roster on December 30, 2009 after the team waived quarterback Drew Willy.
He spent the 2010 offseason with the Colts and was waived on September 4, 2010 with final cuts.
New York Giants.
Giguère was signed to the New York Giants' practice squad on October 19. After injured his groin in training camp in 2011 and being waived/injured, he was released with an injury settlement on August 23, 2011.
Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
One day before the 2012 CFL Draft, Giguère signed with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League. The Tiger-Cats had selected Giguère with eight overall pick in the 2008 CFL Draft. In his first season in the CFL Giguère totaled 549 yards and 1 touchdown.

</doc>
<doc id="18836529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836529" title="Lower Mississippi River Museum">
Lower Mississippi River Museum

The Lower Mississippi River Museum is a museum in Vicksburg, Mississippi.
The Water Resources Development Act of 1992 authorized the Lower Mississippi River Museum and Riverfront Interpretive Site. Consultation was directed with the Smithsonian Institution in the planning and design of the museum and site and with the Department of the Interior and the National Park Service in the planning, design, and implementation of interpretive programs. The museum is the first of its kind in the United States as it will be the first and only museum to maintain and house a fully restored, dry docked riverboat.
M/V Mississippi IV.
Motor Vessel "Mississippi" is the fourth United States Army Corps of Engineers' vessel to carry that name. It is a diesel-powered vessel with an all-steel superstructure. Powered by two 8-cylinder engines, each of 1860 horsepower, for extra maneuverability it used controllable pitch propellers which allowed it to generate a reverse thrust of over 70% in the forward direction. The four levels on the superstructure are the main deckhouse, second deckhouse, Texas deckhouse, and the pilothouse. It served as a towboat and inspection vessel until decommissioned in 1993. On September 26, 2007 it was moved to its permanent location on land at the museum.
Kiosk Installation & Website Build.
The United States Army Corps of Engineers and Southeastern Archaeological Research, Inc. (SEARCH), located in Jonesville, Florida, needed a strong and modern online presence for the project. Fusioncorp Design™ Creative Solutions, a brand marketing and website design firm in Lexington, Kentucky, was commissioned in August 2011 specifically for that purpose. Their team immediately began focusing on touchscreen technology and the design of websites for the museum and the M/V Mississippi IV.
Fusioncorp wanted the project to be the digital gateway to the museum. The SEARCH team contracted Fusioncorp to develop public websites for the main museum, the M/V Mississippi IV, and a specialized microsite only accessible to users who physically visit the museum. Upon thorough review, they decided the project needed an additional team to acquire the hardware and provide installation for the project. Rely Technology Group, based in Lexington, Kentucky, was subcontracted by Fusioncorp Design to transport and install the interactive hardware and software for both the museum and the riverboat.
LMRM.org, the main Lower Mississippi River Museum website, was designed by Daniel Boone, the principal of Fusioncorp. It holds interactive photo galleries, customizable online forms, general information regarding the museum, and is fully visible to the public. The microsite or "trivia" website (as the website designers referred to it) was designed by Tim Raymer, Fusioncorp's CEO and Chief Designer. Its main goal was to provide an "on-the-boat" interactive user experience complete with three trivia sections to test the knowledge of visitors, HTML5 audio and video, a guestbook to which users could post, and virtual tours of the M/V Mississippi IV. This website is not visible to the public and is only accessible on the museum kiosks.
The teams decided to utilize Apple Computers products and Elo TouchSystems touchscreens as the primary hardware for the elaborate project. Apple proved to be the most stable hardware and software platform, is more efficient for cooling, and has better overall visual aesthetics than Microsoft Windows hardware. Apple's firmware is very compatible with the touchscreen interface as well. The United States Army Corps of Engineers purchased custom kiosks, and Rely Technology fitted them with audio modules and touchscreens at their headquarters in Kentucky prior to transporting them to Vicksburg in mid July 2012. They successfully installed the hardware on August 13, 2012 before the grand opening of the museum August 24, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18836533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836533" title="Mumtaz Shanti">
Mumtaz Shanti

Mumtaz Shanti was a famous movie star of the Bollywood yesteryears, she was very popular in the 40's and early 50's with hit movies like Basant (1942), Kismet (1943), Ghar Ki Izzat (1948) with young Dilip Kumar
The movie "Kismet" in 1943 was the most significant of her illustrious career. The film starring Ashok Kumar as the hero, broke all previous box office records and, besides celebrating many jubilees all over India, ran for 3 years in a single theatre in Calcutta — a record that has been broken only by Ramesh Sippy’s "Sholay" in the seventies and later by "Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge". Almost all the songs: (Dheerey Dheerey Aa Re Baadal / Ashok Kumar and Ameer Bai, Papiha Re / Parul Ghosh, Aaj Himalay Ki Choti Se / Amir Bai and Chorus, Ab Tere Siwa Kaun Mera / Ameer Bai, Ghar Ghar Mein Diwali Hai / Ameer Bai) became a rage throughout the country.
Mumtaz Shanti died unknown and unsung in Pakistan around 1993 - 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18836547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836547" title="Leesburg, Texas">
Leesburg, Texas

Leesburg is an unincorporated community in southwestern Camp County, Texas, United States. It lies along State Highway 11 west of the city of Pittsburg, the county seat of Camp County. Its elevation is 397 feet (121 m). Although Leesburg is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 75451.
Named for early settler John Lee, Leesburg was a contender for county seat in 1874, coming in second to Pittsburg. In the same year, the community's first post office was established. Leesburg has declined from its height in the early 20th century; its population has fallen, and its schools have been consolidated into the Pittsburg Independent School District since 1955.
References.
In 2008 Israeli Metal band "PallaneX" recorded a song named "Leesburg" after the town.
Harland Johns is the Mayor of this town named Leesburg, he may be funnier then Kel Wallace ( the future NBA baller).

</doc>
<doc id="18836557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836557" title="Wilhelm Ihne">
Wilhelm Ihne

Wilhelm Ihne (2 February 1821 – 21 March 1902) was a German historian who was a native of Fürth. He was the father of architect Ernst von Ihne (1848–1917).
Life.
He studied philology at Bonn, obtaining his degree in 1843 with a thesis titled "Quaestiones Terentianae". From 1847 to 1849 he was a teacher in Elberfeld, afterwards moving to England, where he taught school in Liverpool until 1863. He returned to Germany as a lecturer at the University of Heidelberg, where in 1873 he was appointed professor. He died in Heidelberg.
Römische Geshichte.
Ihne is remembered for the classic "Römische Geschichte" (History of Rome), a work published in eight volumes from 1868 to 1890, and also translated into English. Other works on Roman history by Ihne include:

</doc>
<doc id="18836606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836606" title="USS Deal (AG-131)">
USS Deal (AG-131)

USS "Deal" (AG-131/AKL-2) was constructed for the U.S. Army as U.S. Army "FS-263" shortly before the end of World War II and later acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1947. She was configured as a transport and cargo ship, classed by the Navy as a "Camano"-class cargo ship and operated with the U.S. Pacific Fleet from post-World War II and on through the end of the Korean War.
Construction.
"FS-263" was a Design 381 (Vessel, Supply, Diesel, Steel, 177') U.S. Army Freight and Supply vessel built in 1944 for the U.S. Army by Wheeler Shipbuilding Corp., Whitestone, Long Island, New York.
U.S. Army service.
"FS-263" was commissioned at New York on 16 August 1944 with a U.S. Coast Guard crew under the command of LTJG W. G. Hill, USCGR. The ship departed New York for the Southwest Pacific on 6 September 1944 for operations throughout the war. In August 1945 she was in New Guinea awaiting cargo for the Philippines and during the closing days of the war was in drydock at Finschhafen, New Guinea. After transit to Oro Bay, New Guinea during 15–16 August 1945 inspection revealed a cracked cylinder liner causing her to be drydocked again for repairs. The Coast Guard crew was removed and the ship was decommissioned on 12 October 1945.
U.S. Navy service.
The ship was acquired by the Navy 2 March 1947; and commissioned at Guam 3 August 1947, Lieutenant (junior grade) P. G. Pattern in command. She was first classified as a Miscellaneous Auxiliary (AG) then reclassified as a Light Cargo Ship, "AKL-2", 31 March 1949.
Pacific Fleet support.
While based at Guam, "Deal" carried cargo to the small islands in the Mariana Islands, the Marshall Islands, and the Caroline Islands until arriving at Pearl Harbor 11 August 1949. She conducted cargo operations from this base to the outlying islands of the Hawaiian chain, Palmyra Atoll, and Canton Island until 16 May 1950. She sailed to Kwajalein for a brief period, returning to Pearl Harbor 3 July.
Korean War service.
With the outbreak of hostilities in Korea, "Deal" got underway from Pearl Harbor 14 September 1950 for Sasebo, Japan, arriving 8 November. She operated as a part of the U.S. 7th Fleet under the control of Commander, Service Squadron 3, in logistics support of the United Nations forces in Korea, and visited other ports in Japan, Formosa, the Pescadores, Okinawa, and the Philippines until 28 February 1955 when she departed Yokosuka for the United States.
Inactivation.
After a short visit to Long Beach, California, she arrived at Astoria Bay 13 April to start inactivation. She was placed out of commission in reserve at Portland, Oregon, 8 September 1955 and sold 18 December 1961.
Civilian service.
The further history of the ship's history sees her with the name of "Olga Patricia" and then "Laissez Faire" configured as a "pirate" radio ship off Essex in the United Kingdom housing 5 different radio stations from May 3rd, 1966 until August 5th, 1967, then US court cases followed by allegations of "secret" use from 1971 in the Caribbean with the name of "Akuarius II". By 1974 the ship had been sold and converted to a menhaden vessel and was named the "Earl J. Conrad Junior" operating for what is now the Omega Protein company which for many years operated the ship in the Chesapeake Bay area menhaden fishery. It was scrapped 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="18836676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836676" title="List of communities in Digby County, Nova Scotia">
List of communities in Digby County, Nova Scotia

List of communities in Digby County, Nova Scotia
Communities are ordered by the highway upon which they are located. All routes start with the terminus located near the largest community.

</doc>
<doc id="18836690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836690" title="Grok (web framework)">
Grok (web framework)

Grok is an open-source Web framework based on Zope Toolkit technology. The project was started in 2006 by a number of Zope developers. Grok has since then seen regular releases. Its core technologies (Martian, grokcore.component) are also used in other Zope-based projects.
The primary motive behind Grok is to make the Zope Toolkit technology more accessible and easier to use for newcomers and, at the same time, speed up application development, in accordance with the agile programming paradigm.
To achieve this, Grok uses convention-over-configuration instead of using an explicit XML based configuration language (ZCML) like Zope Toolkit and BlueBream do. Grok uses Python code for component configuration, and has many implicit defaults and conventions. Grok is similar in feel to other Python Web frameworks like TurboGears, Pylons and Django.

</doc>
<doc id="18836698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836698" title="1950 Chatham Cup">
1950 Chatham Cup

The 1950 Chatham Cup was the 23rd annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with regional associations each holding separate qualifying rounds. Teams taking part in the final rounds are known to have included Eden (Auckland), Claudelands Rovers (Hamilton),Moturoa AFC (New Plymouth),Wanganui Old Boys,Brooklyn United (Wellington), Technical Old Boys (Christchurch), and Northern (Dunedin).
The 1950 final.
Eden took the cup back to Auckland for the first time in 16 years. In the final, played in front of a crowd of 11,000, the first half contained one goal for each side. Tech's Cyril Thomas was the first on the scoresheet, but Eden levelled when Peter Goddard's shot was deflected off a Tech defender. In the second spell, John Jakens put Eden into the lead after concerted pressure in the first few minutes, but Technical came back strongly and equalised via Vic Smith (some reports credit the goal to Colin Bailey). The southern side had a chance to regain the lead in the first period of extra time from the spot, but the penalty miss proved costly and Eden took advantage, finding the winner when Don Brewer deflected a Goddard cross into the Tech goalmouth.

</doc>
<doc id="18836702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836702" title="Banda Maguey">
Banda Maguey

A favorite during the 1990s banda craze, Banda Maguey took over the radio waves with their debut album "Tumbando Caña" in 1994, which contained a number of hits including "El Alacran" a cover originally sung by La Sonora Matancera. Signed to Fonovisa a year earlier, Banda Maguey took over their native town with their onda grupera style. In May 1994, the band performed live for the first time in the United States. In 1995, Banda Maguey released "La Estrella De Los Bailes", which featured the singles "Como La Luna," "Si Tú No Estás," "Que Sacrificio," and "Eva Maria" that climbed local charts.
The band originated in the same Jalisco, Mexico town called Villa Corona, where Banda Machos is also from. Banda Maguey was led by their singer Ernesto Solano who has also composed a number of their songs, including "Pero Te Amo", a hit from their fourth album, "El Mundo Gira". In 1998, Banda Maguey signed a record deal with BMG U.S. Latin and recorded "Lágrimas De Sangre."

</doc>
<doc id="18836704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836704" title="Papravənd">
Papravənd

Papravənd (also, Papravend) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18836707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836707" title="Quzanlı">
Quzanlı

Quzanlı (also, Kuzanly and Kuzanly Vtoryye) is a village and the most populous municipality in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 13,002. The municipality consists of the villages of Quzanlı, Birinci Quzanlı, Eyvazlı, Çullu, and İmamqulubəyli.
Since 2009 Quzanli has been cited as the rather unlikely home to one of Azerbaijan's top football clubs, FK Qarabağ. The team had been based in Baku since 1993 ever since forced to leave Agdam where they were originally based. The total depopulation and continued occupation of that city means that Quzanli, being in the unoccupied sector of Agdam Rayon, is about as near as they could get to a full 'return home'.

</doc>
<doc id="18836720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836720" title="Masterson, Texas">
Masterson, Texas

Masterson is an unincorporated community in southern Moore County, Texas, United States. It lies along the concurrent U.S. Routes 87 and 287, south of the city of Dumas, the county seat of Moore County. Its elevation is 3,704 feet (1,129 m). Although Masterson is unincorporated, it has a post office, with a ZIP code of 79058.
Founded in 1927 as a support community for Canadian River Gas' plant and gas pipeline producing the Panhandle Field. Masterson was named for Robert Masterson, while the plant, Bivins Compressor station, was named after another Panhandle rancher, Lee Bivins. The community eventually included 32 company houses for families and a hotel for single men. The Bivins Elementary School was built in 1937 and educated children through the eighth grade, after which they attended school in Dumas, Texas. Starting in 1943, helium was extracted from the gas at the Exell Helium Plant, which is located nearby and managed by the Bureau of Land Management. The government built 75 houses for employee families. The Masterson post office was established in 1950 and was located in the Exell Store, built in 1948. The compressor station was sold to Colorado Interstate Gas (CIG) Company in 1951. CIG was acquired by the Coastal Corporation in 1973, which then merged with El Paso Corp. in 1999, which was bought by Kinder Morgan in 2011. Starting in 1963, the housing at both the Bivins and the Exell camps was phased out. The Bivins school was closed in 1978. The station was bought by Pioneer Natural Resources in 2002.
Geology.
The Panhandle Field is a structural trap, characterized by the Amarillo-Wichita Uplift or sometimes referred to as the buried "Amarillo mountains", which is bounded by three sedimentary basins: the Anadarko Basin to the north, the Dalhart Basin to the west, and the Palo Duro Basin to the south. This tectonic uplift occurred in the Late Mississippian to Early Pennsylvanian time and was sufficient to expose and erode the Precambrian granitic and rhyolitic basement complex forming a granitic wash, which was subsequently submerged and buried by marine sediments in the Permian (specifically, the Wolfcampian carbonates). The granitic wash and these marine sediments form the pay zones but the "gas, oil and water cut across formational boundaries". The Wolfcampian marine sediments include an arkosic lime, an arkosic dolomite, the Moore County Limestone, the White Dolomite, and the Brown Dolomite. The Leonardian Panhandle Lime, or Wichita, and Red Cave overlay these Wolfcampian sediments, with the anhydrite and dense-dolomite nature of the Wichita forming the reservoir seal. The source for the oil,gas and helium accumulations are the sedimentary rocks of Pennsylvanian age in the Palo Duro and Anadarko Basins. The helium would have been derived from uraniferous rocks and radiogenic in origin. The Panhandle Field has a pressure which is about 400 psi lower than the surrounding basins, which allows gases to migrate into it. Although low, the pressure is a normal hydrostatic pressure relative to the water table. 
Charles N. Gould mapped the John Ray Dome, which was drilled by the Amarillo Oil Company in 1918 resulting in the Panhandle Field discovery. Drilled to a depth of 2,395 feet, the well, No. 1 Masterson C, produced 5 million cubic feet of gas per day at a pressure of 420 psi. Oil in the Panhandle Field was discovered in 1921 with Gulf Producing Company's No. 2 Burnett well, producing 200 barrels per day.
Charles N. Gould.
After founding the geology department at the University of Oklahoma in 1900, Charles N. Gould worked summers doing field work for Frederick Haynes Newell, first director of the United States Reclamation Service (later known as the United States Bureau of Reclamation), investigating "the underground water resources of a portion of the southern part of the Great Plains." His first summer trip through the Panhandle in 1903 resulted in Water Supply Paper 154 of the United States Geological Survey, "Geology and Water Resources of the Eastern Portion of the Panhandle of Texas", and a similar trip in 1905 resulted in Water Supply Paper 191, "Geology and Water Resources of the Western Portion of the Panhandle of Texas". It was during this second trip Gould "explored and prepared a geological map of Palo Duro Canyon...giving names to the formations" and "studied the anticlines along the Canadian River, indications of which he saw in 1903.
In 1908, Gould became director of the Oklahoma Geological Survey and in 1916 was asked by "M.C. Nobles, a wholesale grocer of Amarillo" if he knew of "any oil and gas prospects..in the Panhandle" to which Gould replied "there appeared to be several big anticlines or domes in that region" but it "would probably be necessary to send a Plane table party into the field and prepare a detailed contour map of the area." Nobles organized the Amarillo Oil Company, from ten businessmen investing one thousand dollars each, and hired Gould to survey an area that included Lee Bivins' ranch south of the Canadian River, and R.B. Masterson's ranch north of the river. The resultant map showed a large dome fifteen miles in diameter with four hundred feet of relief, which Gould named the John Ray Dome after a nearby butte.
The company bought oil and gas leases on 64,000 acres around this "typical oil-and-gas structure" and Gould received one-sixteenth of the acreage, plus one thousand dollars, and paid expenses for his services. The nearest oil or gas was 225 miles away at the time which prompted the following speech by Gould before C.M. Hapgood drilled the company's first well, "No one knows whether or not the Lord has put any gas or oil in the Panhandle of Texas, but if there should be any oil or gas in this part of the world, this would appear to be the best place to find it. And, because this seems to be a very large dome, it is my judgement that one is more likely to find gas, rather than oil, in the first well drilled on the apex, or high point, of the dome." The well encountered several gas-bearing sands over its 2,200 feet depth and flowed eleven million cubic feet a day.
Gould later discovered the Cliffside Dome, near the station Cliffside northwest of Amarillo, a large deposit of helium gas, the 666 dome, the north slope of which is where the Borger Oil Field was located, and named the buried granite ridge in the Panhandle the "Amarillo Mountains". Gould's philosophy, "we always told our clients, the business of prospecting for oil or gas was first, last, and all the time a gamble. No one knows in advance of drilling what will be found at any particular place. There is always risk in drilling for oil and all the geologist can do is to minimize that risk."
External links.
Texas State Historical Association 
Bureau of Land Management
Texas Escapes Online Magazine

</doc>
<doc id="18836741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836741" title="Manitoba Provincial Road 200">
Manitoba Provincial Road 200

Provincial Road 200 (PR 200) is a provincial road in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It runs from the Winnipeg city limits to the border town of Emerson, joining Manitoba Highway 75 at Emerson near the United States border.
Route description.
Provincial Road 200 begins as a continuation of Winnipeg Route 52 immediately south of the Perimeter Highway in Winnipeg. It continues to be known as St. Mary's Road (French: "Chemin St. Mary's" or, rarely, "Chemin Ste. Marie") as it runs southward parallel to the flood plain of the meandering Red River. It passes through the community of St. Adolphe and passes by Ste. Agathe before leaving the Red River to run directly south through a heavily agricultural area to the community of Dominion City. There it turns east, joining together with Provincial Road 201 for one mile, before turning south again, towards the Town of Emerson. At the south end of Emerson, Provincial Road 200 comes to an intersection only 3 metres from the American border, and turns west, going over the Red River, where it ends at Highway 75. Prior to 2012, Provincial Road 200 ended at the intersection and the road going east-west was Highway 75. The road going east from the intersection leads to the Emerson-Noyes, Minnesota border crossing 150 metres away and has been barricaded since the United States border crossing closed in 2006.
The northern section of Provincial Road 200 was originally one of the Red River Trails connecting the francophone settlements along the eastern shore of the Red River with St. Boniface, the centre of Manitoba's French community. Most of Provincial Road 200 is paved, but sections of the road between Manitoba Provincial Road 305 and Manitoba Highway 23 are still gravel. The Red River Trail south of Ste. Agathe is continued by Provincial Road 245.

</doc>
<doc id="18836761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836761" title="Suma, Azerbaijan">
Suma, Azerbaijan

Suma (also, Suma-Molla-Mamedly) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18836764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836764" title="Terry Anderson (musician)">
Terry Anderson (musician)

Terry Randall Anderson (born December 25, 1956) is an American musician.
Anderson is a drummer, vocalist and songwriter from North Carolina. He was a member of local bands the Woods and the Fabulous Knobs. He first gained widespread attention as the writer of the song "Battleship Chains" by the band The Georgia Satellites on their 1986 debut album "Georgia Satellites".
When Dan Baird left The Georgia Satellites he covered Anderson's song "I Love You Period" on his 1991 album "Love Songs for the Hearing Impaired". Subsequently Baird and Anderson performed together as part of the band The Yayhoos.
In 1995, Anderson released his first solo album, "You Don't Like Me", followed in 1996 by "What Else Can Go Right" and "I'll Drink To That" in 2001.
Since 2005, he has been a member of the band Terry Anderson and The Olympic Ass-Kickin Team.

</doc>
<doc id="18836765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836765" title="Pookie (vehicle)">
Pookie (vehicle)

The Pookie MRAP vehicle was created to deal with the constant mining of the roadways during the Rhodesian Bush War.
Description.
The Pookie was a small one-person vehicle named after the bush baby, and fitted with large Formula One tires bought second hand after the South African Grand Prix. The wide tyres prevented the detonation of buried mines by exerting less ground pressure than a human footprint and spanning the mines' circumference. The vehicle was made with readily-available parts from the Volkswagen Kombi and resembles a small go-cart with an elevated cab to protect the driver. The bottom of the cab had a V-shaped reinforced hull to deflect the blast away from the operator. Sensor 'pans', resembling rectangular wings, were lowered and used perpendicular to the ground below the cab. When the vehicle was transported, the pans were raised at a 45 degree angle.
According to Trevor Davies Engineering, manufacturer of the Pookie, "...of the 76 vehicles built between 1976 and 1980 none ever detonated a mine, though 12 were lost and two drivers were killed." Remotely detonated mines were responsible for the loss of the 12 vehicles and one of the fatalities, though it is not clear if the remaining fatality, caused by an RPG, also resulted in the loss of vehicle and if that loss was included in the previous count.

</doc>
<doc id="18836775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836775" title="Cunningham Cabin">
Cunningham Cabin

The Cunningham Cabin is a double-pen log cabin in Grand Teton National Park. The cabin was built as a homestead in Jackson Hole and represents an adaptation of an Appalachian building form to the West. The cabin was built just south of Spread Creek by John Pierce Cunningham, who arrived in Jackson Hole in 1885 and subsisted as a trapper until he established the small ranch in 1888. The Cunninghams left the valley for Idaho in 1928, when land was being acquired for the future Grand Teton National Park.
Cunningham and his wife grew about of hay, later irrigating another to provide feed for 100 cattle and eight horses. His brother, W. Pierce Cunningham, settled his family nearby. By 1924 the Cunningham ranch comprised . By 1926 Cunningham had moved out of cattle and was raising sheep on the land.
J. Pierce Cunningham was one of the original county commissioners chosen when Teton County was organized in 1923. He was also, at various times, justice of the peace, postmaster and game warden.
After 1895 the Cunninghams, who had built a more commodious house, used the cabin as a barn or a smithy. A small fortification was erected in 1895 during unrest involving the Bannack Indians. Traces of foundations survive. The cabin was the scene of a shootout in 1899 between a Montana posse and two horse thieves, who were killed at the scene. The dead men, who had worked for Cunningham the previous season, were buried in unmarked graves nearby. 
Description.
The cabin is a sod-roofed double-pen or dog-trot style building with a room on either side of the central breezeway or "dog-trot." The form is Appalachian in origin. No nails or metal fastenings were used in the cabin's construction. The cabin was reconstructed in 1956, resetting the wall logs after replacing the sill logs and rebuilding the roof. The logs are saddle-V-notched at the corners. The site comprises , including the cabin, 1890 house site, fort site, barn site, bunkhouse and outbuildings sites, as well as pits that may have been wells or privies. The cabin measures about by . Two rooms both open into the breezeway, each room with two windows facing northeast and southwest. The south room was the living quarters, the north was used as a forge.

</doc>
<doc id="18836777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836777" title="Orta Qərvənd">
Orta Qərvənd

Orta Qərvənd (also, Orta-Karvend) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qərvənd. A 9 year old resident of Orta Qərvənd was shot by the Armenian sniper in March 8, 2011. The Armenian armed forces shot him from the direction of Şıxlar village while he was playing in the yard.

</doc>
<doc id="18836780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836780" title="İmamqulubəyli, Agdam">
İmamqulubəyli, Agdam

İmamqulubəyli (also, İmanqulubəyli and Imankulubeyli) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Quzanlı.

</doc>
<doc id="18836790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836790" title="İmamqulubəyli">
İmamqulubəyli

İmamqulubəyli or Imamkulubeyli or Imankulubeyli or İmanqulubəyli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18836793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836793" title="Sentence function">
Sentence function

In linguistics, sentence function refers to a speaker's purpose in uttering a specific sentence, phrase, or clause. Whether a listener is present or not is sometimes irrelevant. It answers the question: "Why has this been said?" The four basic sentence functions in the world's languages include the "declarative", "interrogative", "exclamative", and the "imperative". These correspond to a "statement", "question", "exclamation", and "command" respectively. Typically, a sentence goes from one function to the next through a combination of changes in word order, intonation, the addition of certain auxiliaries or particles, or other times by providing a special verbal form. The four main categories can be further specified as being either "communicative" or "informative".
Communicative vs. informative.
While communication is traditionally defined as the transfer of information, the two terms, under present context, are differentiated as follows below:
Communicative sentences.
These types of sentences are more intended for the speaker's sake than for any potential listener. They are meant more for the speaker's immediate wants and needs. These sentences tend to be less intentional (out of frustration for example), in general more literal, more primitive, and are usually about the here and now. Because of these features, it is generally speculated that this is pretty much the basis or limitation of any form of animal communication. (Speculated because scientists will never truly be able to understand non-human forms of communication like we do our own; although studies with "talking" primates have clued us in to a certain degree.)
Exclamatory.
An exclamative or exclamatory sentence is released because of, and expresses strong emotion. They many times feel like involuntary reactions to a situation, yet they "can" technically be stifled if need be. And while exclamatives most usually manifest themselves as one or two word interjections, they can also come as major sentences. They are essentially unfiltered vocalizations of our feelings, and a form of self-talk because they are directed either at the speaker themself or at nobody in particular. In punctuation, an exclamative is ended with an exclamation mark.
Imperative.
An imperative sentence gives anything from a command or order, to a request, direction, or instruction. Imperative sentences are more intentional than exclamatory sentences and "do" require an audience; as their aim is to get the person(s) being addressed either to do or to not do something. And although this function usually deals with the immediate temporal vicinity, its scope can be extended, i.e. you can order somebody to "move out as soon as you find yourself a job". The negative imperative can also be called the "prohibitive" and the inclusive plural imperative, the "hortative". It is debatable whether the imperative is only truly possible in the second person. The vocative case of nouns can be said to indicate the imperative as well since it does not seek information, but rather a reaction from the one being addressed. An imperative can end in either a period or an exclamation point depending on delivery.
Informative sentences.
Informative sentences are more for the mutual benefit of both the listener "and" the speaker, and, in fact, require more of an interaction between both parties involved. They are more intentional or premeditated, less essential, more cooperative, and they aim to either provide or retrieve information, making them quintessential abstractions. But perhaps the most differentiating quality that distinguishes informative sentences from the communicative is that the former more naturally and freely make use of displacement. Displacement refers to information lost in time and space which allows us to communicate ideas relating to the past or future (not just the now), and that have taken or can take place at a separate location (from here). To an extent, this is one of the biggest differences between human communication and that of other animals.
Declarative.
The declarative sentence is the most common kind of sentence in language, in most situations, and in a way can be considered the default function of a sentence. What this means essentially is that when a language modifies a sentence in order to form a question or give a command, the base form will always be the declarative. In its most basic sense, a declarative states an idea (either objectively or subjectively on the part of the speaker; and may be either true or false) for the sheer purpose of transferring intel. In writing, a statement will end with a period.
Interrogative.
An interrogative sentence asks a question and hence ends with a question mark. In speech, it almost universally ends in a rising inflection. Its effort is to try to gather information that is presently unknown to the interrogator, or to seek validation for a preconceived notion held. Beyond seeking confirmation or contradiction, sometimes it is approval or permission that is sought as well, among other reasons one could have for posing a question. The one exception in which it isn't information that is needed, is when the question happens to be rhetorical (see allofunctional implicature section below). While an imperative is a call for action, an interrogative is a call for information.
Declarative vs. Affirmative vs. Positive.
A declarative statement should not be deemed synonymous with an affirmative one. This is because although a declarative statement can state facts (given that the speaker is not consciously lying), it can also express something which is not true. The information he or she is providing, regardless of whether it be true or not in "reality", is in fact true or false to that speaker. Therefore, a declarative can be either in the affirmative or in the negative, and we can say that, "Joanna is late" and "Joanna is not late", both technically qualify as declarative sentences. "Declarative" refers to a sentence's function or purpose, while "affirmative" and "negative" deal with a sentence's veracity, or grammatical polarity, which is why the different terms can overlap simultaneously.
Though not as erroneous as the above misnomer, there is a clouding that can occur between the slight distinction of the affirmative, and the positive. Although it semantically speaking comes natural that "positive" is the opposite of "negative", and therefore should be completely synonymous with "affirmative", grammatically speaking, once again they tend to be separate entities; depending on specificity. "Positive" in linguistic terms refers to the degree of the quality of an adjective or adverb (along with the comparative and superlative), while "affirmative" refers to the perceived validity of the "entire" sentence.
Thus, all three terms being separate entities, an adjective or adverb can be in the positive degree but expressed in the negative, so that the sentence, "This hummer does not seem to be eco-friendly", has all negative, positive, and declarative properties.
In fact, an exclamatory, imperative, as well as a question can be in the negative form: "I can't do this!", "Don't touch me", "Don't you want to?"
Allofunctional implicature.
There are many instances in which a sentence can be grammatically shaped as one function, yet in actual execution, may serve a completely different purpose than suggested by the way it was constructed; hence, "allofunctional", to mean 'serving a different purpose than originally intended'. Or in other words, it is very subtly yet unequivocally implied by process of pragmatics that its function "must" be changed to another in order for the sentence to make sense in the present context of conversation.
A classic example would be the "question": "Could you pass the salt?"
In the above sentence, although it is grammatically structured as a question, it can quite safely be inferred that the speaker is not inquiring as to whether the person they are addressing is physically capable of passing the salt at the dinnertable or not. What the speaker really wants is to get the salt. It is a request, or call for action as opposed to information, thus making the sentence allofunctional (note that adding a word like 'please' at the end would tend to make this point clearer, and when posed as a question, this request is perceived as being more polite than if it were simply in the natural imperative). Therefore, what at first may come off as an interrogative sentence upon initial delivery, the listener must almost immediately reinterpret as an imperative and respond accordingly.
Other examples include;
The list goes on, and as a matter of fact, all 12 combinations between each of the four functions and their three other counterparts should be theoretically possible.
Another important point to note is that the allofunctionality of a sentence is completely language specific as to how it differentiates function. To exemplify this, we can look at English and generalize that imperative sentences, when affirmative, tend to begin with the verb, while declarative sentences that are prosaic will almost always start with the subject (this is because in the imperative, the subject is implied, or obviously unmistakable, since it is the subject itself which is being spoken to). All that being taken into account, we can more clearly see why a statement such as, "You are not going to that bar. (I forbid it)", would qualify as allofunctional.

</doc>
<doc id="18836794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836794" title="Güllücə">
Güllücə

Güllücə (, also Gyullidzha, Gyullyudzha, and Gyulyudzha) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18836796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836796" title="Nəmirli, Agdam">
Nəmirli, Agdam

Nəmirli (also, Namarly and Namyrly) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18836810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836810" title="Nəmirli">
Nəmirli

Nəmirli or Namirli or Namarly or Namirly or Namerli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18836821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836821" title="Şotlanlı, Agdam">
Şotlanlı, Agdam

Şotlanlı (, also Shotlanly) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18836834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836834" title="Xınaxlı">
Xınaxlı

Xınaxlı (also, Khynakhly) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 480.

</doc>
<doc id="18836837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836837" title="Ağcaqovaq">
Ağcaqovaq

Ağcaqovaq (also, Agdzhakovag and Agdzhakovakh) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Eymur.

</doc>
<doc id="18836842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836842" title="Beşdəli, Agdash">
Beşdəli, Agdash

Beşdəli (also, Beshdali and Beshdelli) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18836843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836843" title="Qaraqan Saatlı">
Qaraqan Saatlı

Qaraqan Saatlı (also, Qarağan Saatlı, Karagan Saatly, and Karagansaat) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Şəmsabad.

</doc>
<doc id="18836845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836845" title="İkinci Aral">
İkinci Aral

İkinci Aral (also, Aral Vtoroye) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Birinci Aral.

</doc>
<doc id="18836853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836853" title="Battle off the coast of Abkhazia">
Battle off the coast of Abkhazia

The Battle off the coast of Abkhazia was a naval engagement between warships of the Russian Black Sea Fleet and patrol boats of the Georgian Navy and Coastguard during the 2008 South Ossetia War.
The Engagement.
According to a purported eyewitness account posted in the Ukrainian Communications Portal (UPK.com), the skirmish took place, during a night-time landing of Russian troops at Ochamchira, where the troops were to meet up with their vehicles and supplies, arriving from Russia to Abkhazia by railroad.
The identity of the allegedly sunk Georgian ship was initially reported as the missile boat "Tbilisi". However, that ship is now documented on film as having been destroyed in the port of Poti along with the other missile boat of the Georgian Navy, the "Dioskuria". The remaining units, all but one also destroyed in Poti, are small patrol ships of either the Georgian Navy or its Coast Guard. It is the latter's fastest unit (35 knots), P-21 "Giorgi Toreli", that is identified now by consensus as the vessel sunk at the Battle off the coast of Abkhazia, with the probable total loss of its crew.
The "Tbilisi" is a Matka class missile boat while the P-21 "Giorgi Toreli" is a Stenka class patrol boat. Their radar signature and other electronic activity could conceivably have led to confusion, provided no missiles were fired by the Georgian vessel, as neither ship has such weaponry.
Russian Navy operations.
The Russian Navy dispatched two task forces from Sevastopol, one allegedly to impose a naval blockade on Georgia, while the other, bearing amphibious troops and assisted by guided missile cruiser "Moskva" and smaller missile-warfare capable ships allegedly advanced to the coast of Abkhazia, to the small port of Ochamchira. The possibly 400 troops on board were to strike deep from Ochamchira to points north (Kodori Gorge), southeast Senaki and south Poti.
According to Chinese reporting citing unnamed Russian sources the blockading units were assigned the task to not allow arms and military hardware supplies to reach Georgia by sea.
Unconfirmed Georgian information reported the Russian task forces allegedly moving toward Georgia comprised the following units with the exact allocation to each one task force yet undetermined:
The task force was co-ordinated and deployed from Sevastopol in Ukraine, home port of the Russian Black Sea Fleet.
While the Georgian authorities are silent on any naval battle, they have claimed detailed information as to the damages inflicted on Georgia by the Black Sea Fleet, besides the blockade mission asserted by Georgia. The Russian task force, according to the Georgian Foreign Ministry statement, landed 4,000 troops and met up with their armor in Ochamchira. It then went on to support an attack against Georgian troops deployed at Kodori Gorge and struck deep into Georgia proper, reaching the port of Poti (another difficult feat to accomplish since Kodori Gorge is in the mountains east of Sukhumi while Poti is on the coast some distance south of Sukhumi).
The Georgian source goes on to allege that a missile attack was launched against an inland target in "Kodori" by the Russian guided missile cruiser "Moskva". "(Neither of the actions noted by the Georgian source could have been accomplished by the Russian naval force alleged to have operated off the Georgian coast. The listed ships could not have supported the landing of 4,000 troops and the cruiser Moskva possesses no armament designed to attack inland ground targets. Further, the Kodori Gorge lies generally east-west and is located 40-50 miles east of Sukhumi while the Port of Poti is on the coast some 70 miles south of Sukhumi.)"
The engagement.
According to Black Sea Fleet officials, Georgian Navy ships consisting of two missile boats and two auxiliary craft breached the "security zone" declared around the Russian Navy ships off Abkhazia. The Russian Ministry of Defence claimed that, after two Russian attempts at hailing the intruding units, the Russian units opened fire with naval anti-ship missiles, sinking one of the attacking ships and forcing the remaining three Georgian warships to withdraw towards the port of Poti. While the Georgian sources remain silent about the engagement, Abkhazian officials confirmed that some battle took place off their coast.
It was to transpire one day later than claimed by other sources and was confirmed by official Russian sources as having taken place on 10 August 2008, and that a Georgian warship was struck and sunk in 300 m of water by two P-120 Malakhit (SS-N-9 'Siren') missiles, fired by the guided missile corvette MRK "Mirazh". Furthermore, the Russians were on record as believing that a second ship was also damaged. More problematically, Russian press reported, as did the Russian witness sailor, that the vessel sunk in action was the missile boat "Tbilisi", but this proved to be false. It is now believed that the vessel destroyed was the fast P-21 patrol ship "Giorgi Toreli", a Coast Guard Border Patrol vessel, armed with two 30mm automatic cannons.
According to a second-hand blogger, Russian sources claim that P-21 "disappeared from the surface" within 90 seconds in 300 m of water.
Aftermath.
Russian land forces that landed in Ochamchira took control of the port of Poti on 12 August 2008. According to the Georgian government all the naval vessels there, most of which were Coast Guard Border Police patrol vessels, were destroyed at the pier by the demolition teams or hauled off and sunk in shallow water just outside the port entry, as was the case with the missile boat "Dioskuria". The crews were permitted to leave beforehand, unharmed.
The commanding officer of the corvette "Mirazh", Captain 3rd Rank Ivan Dubik, was received in Moscow by Russian president Dmitry Medvedev, who awarded him a military medal, along with other members of the Russian armed forces.

</doc>
<doc id="18836858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836858" title="Antiferroelectricity">
Antiferroelectricity

Antiferroelectricity is a physical property of certain materials. It is closely related to ferroelectricity; the relation between antiferroelectricity and ferroelectricity is analogous to the relation between antiferromagnetism and ferromagnetism.
An antiferroelectric material consists of an ordered (crystalline) array of electric dipoles (from the ions and electrons in the material), but with adjacent dipoles oriented in opposite (antiparallel) directions (the dipoles of each orientation form interpenetrating sublattices, loosely analogous to a checkerboard pattern). This can be contrasted with a ferroelectric, in which the dipoles all point in the same direction.
In an antiferroelectric, unlike a ferroelectric, the total, macroscopic spontaneous polarization is zero, since the adjacent dipoles cancel each other out.
Antiferroelectricity is a property of a material, and it can appear or disappear (more generally, strengthen or weaken) depending on temperature, pressure, external electric field, growth method, and other parameters. In particular, at a high enough temperature, antiferroelectricity disappears; this temperature is called the antiferroelectric Curie point.

</doc>
<doc id="18836876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836876" title="Belland">
Belland

Belland is the surname of the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="18836878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836878" title="Aşağı Qəsil">
Aşağı Qəsil

Aşağı Qəsil (also, Ashagy Kasil’) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qulbəndə.

</doc>
<doc id="18836883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836883" title="Orta Qəsil">
Orta Qəsil

Orta Qəsil (also, Orta Kasil’) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qulbəndə.

</doc>
<doc id="18836889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836889" title="United States House of Representatives elections in Nevada, 2008">
United States House of Representatives elections in Nevada, 2008

The 2008 congressional elections in Nevada were held on November 4, 2008, to determine who will represent the state of Nevada in the United States House of Representatives, coinciding with the presidential election. The election coincides with the 2008 U.S. presidential election. Representatives are elected for two-year terms; those elected will serve in the 111th Congress from January 3, 2009 until January 3, 2011.
Nevada has three seats in the House, apportioned according to the 2000 United States Census. Its 2007–2008 congressional delegation consisted of two Republicans and one Democrat. It now consists of one Republican and two Democrats. District 3 changed from Republican to Democratic, although "CQ Politics" had forecasted districts 2 and 3 to be at some risk for the incumbent party.
District 1.
This district covers most of the City of Las Vegas, as well as parts of North Las Vegas and parts of unincorporated Clark County. In the general election, the incumbent Democrat Shelley Berkley defeated Republican Kenneth Wegner, a Gulf War veteran and part-time Bail Enforcement Agent. 
District 2.
This district covers all of Nevada except for parts of Clark County. Reno, along with surrounding Washoe County, casts about 70% of the district's vote. The 2nd District has been represented by Republicans continuously since its creation, and has been represented by Republican Dean Heller of Carson City since 2007. He defeated Democrat Jill Derby of Gardnerville, a former Nevada System of Higher Education Regent and Chair of the Nevada Democratic Party. Heller had previously defeated Derby in the 2006 election, although this time the margin of victory was 10.4%, as opposed to just 5% two years before. 
District 3.
This district covers the suburbs of Las Vegas, including Henderson, parts of North Las Vegas and Summerlin, and much of unincorporated Clark County. Incumbent Republican Jon Porter of Boulder City (campaign website) was considered to be at risk due to the increasingly Democratic electorate in the 3rd District. Porter lost re-election to the Democratic nominee, Nevada Senate Minority Leader Dina Titus of Las Vegas (campaign website). He was also challenged by Bob Giaquinta of the Green Party (campaign website), Floyd Fitzgibbons of the Independent American Party, Joseph P. Silvestri of the Libertarian Party (campaign website), and independent Jeffrey C. Reeves (campaign website). CQ Politics had forecasted the race as 'No Clear Favorite'.
Porter had represented the district since its creation in 2003, but he faced a tough race: he won by only 48% to 46% in 2006 against a former aide to U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, and won by 54% in 2004. George W. Bush barely won this district with 50% to 49% for John Kerry in 2004 (CPVI=D+1). Leading Democratic candidates included Fraud Examiner Andrew Martin and Clark County prosecutor Robert Daskas, but Daskas dropped out in late April, citing family concerns. After losing their top candidate, the Democratic Party quickly recruited Titus.

</doc>
<doc id="18836890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836890" title="Qaraqan Sədi">
Qaraqan Sədi

Qaraqan Sədi (also, Qarağan Sədi, Karagan Saadi, and Karagan-Sedi) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qaraqan Şıxlar.

</doc>
<doc id="18836897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836897" title="Aşağı Zeynəddin">
Aşağı Zeynəddin

Aşağı Zeynəddin (also, Ashagy Zeynaddin) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,181. The municipality consists of the villages of Aşağı Zeynəddin, Yeniarx, and Tatlar.

</doc>
<doc id="18836904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836904" title="Bulaqotağı">
Bulaqotağı

Bulaqotağı (also, Bulagotagi and Bulagotagy) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18836908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836908" title="Qaraqan Şıxlar">
Qaraqan Şıxlar

Qaraqan Şıxlar (also, Qarağan Şıxlar and Karagan-Shykhlar) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,892. The municipality consists of the villages of Qaraqan Şıxlar and Qaraqan Sədi.

</doc>
<doc id="18836914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836914" title="Hüşün">
Hüşün

Hüşün (also, Gyushun and Gyushyun) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,015.

</doc>
<doc id="18836924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836924" title="Pirkənd, Agdash">
Pirkənd, Agdash

Pirkənd (also, Pirkend) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18836950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836950" title="Pirkənd">
Pirkənd

Pirkənd or Pirkend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18836954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836954" title="Self aligning torque">
Self aligning torque

Self aligning torque, also known as aligning torque, SAT, or Mz, is the torque that a tire creates as it rolls along, which tends to steer it, i.e. rotate it around its vertical axis. In the presence of a non-zero slip angle, this torque tends to steer the tire toward the direction in which it is traveling, hence its name. 
The magnitude of this torque can be calculated as the product of the lateral force generated at the contact patch and the distance behind the wheel centre at which that force acts. This distance is known as the pneumatic trail. The steering torque around a non-vertical steer axis with non-zero mechanical trail is given by (trail+pneumatic trail)*cos(caster angle)*Fy.
Even if the slip angle and camber angle are zero, and the road is flat, this torque will still be generated due to asymmetries in the tire's construction and the asymmetrical shape and pressure distribution of the contact patch. Typically for a production tire this torque reaches a maximum at 2-4 degrees of slip (this figure is very dependent on a lot of things) and falls to zero as the tire reaches its maximum lateral force capability.

</doc>
<doc id="18836956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836956" title="Kotavan">
Kotavan

Kotavan (also, Ketavan and Komavan) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 938.

</doc>
<doc id="18836957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836957" title="Ağzıbir, Agdash">
Ağzıbir, Agdash

Ağzıbir (also, Agzybir) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,665.
Geographical position.
Cordinates: 40°24′34″N 47°23′20″E
Population.
1665 person

</doc>
<doc id="18836961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836961" title="Qaraoğlan, Agdash">
Qaraoğlan, Agdash

Qaraoğlan (also, Karaoglan and Piraza-Karaoglan) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 408.

</doc>
<doc id="18836971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836971" title="Maranoa, Queensland">
Maranoa, Queensland

The Maranoa is the name given to an area of southern Queensland. Some refer to the Maranoa as the Western Downs. The Maranoa is an eastern part of the larger, mostly arid South West region of Queensland. To the east is the agricultural region of the Darling Downs and in the west is the dry Channel Country. 
The traditional agriculture is sheep and cattle grazing suitable for the rangeland landscape and sub-tropical climate of the region. The Balonne River and Maranoa River are the two main catchments in the Maranoa. The Warrego Highway, Carnarvon Highway and Balonne Highway are the major road routes across the region.

</doc>
<doc id="18836972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836972" title="Qaraoğlan">
Qaraoğlan

Qaraoğlan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18836975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836975" title="Always Becoming">
Always Becoming

'Always Becoming' is an artwork created in 2007 by Nora Naranjo-Morse (born 1953), a Native American Potter and poet. She currently resides in Espanola, New Mexico, just north of Santa Fe and is a member of the Santa Clara Pueblo.
Description.
The sculpture consists of five separate sculptures, that make up a family. 
Grounded in figures from Santa Clara Pueblo oral tradition the sculptures are named:
The sculptures were built in-situ over the summer of 2007, Nora Naranjo-Morse worked with her niece Athena Swentzell Steen and her husband Bill Steen who are experts at building structures with natural material, and the family of Don Juan Morales (Tepehuan) from the Mexican state of Durango, as well as many volunteers including museum staff and visitors. 
-- Nora Naranajo-Morse, 2007 
Materials.
The Sculptures are made entirely of natural materials: dirt, sand, straw, clay, stone, black locust wood, bamboo, grass, and yam vines. These natural elements were selected to take on a life of their own and thus affect the sculptures over time. In this way the materials ensure the forms are 'always becoming'.
Dimensions.
The five sculptures range in size from seven and a half to sixteen feet tall.
History and Location.
On May 24, 2006, the National Museum of the American Indian announced that Santa Clara Pueblo artist, Nora Naranjo-Morse from Espanola, N.M., had won its outdoor sculpture design competition. “Always Becoming” was selected unanimously from more than 55 entries submitted by Native artists from throughout the Western Hemisphere.
During the summer of 2007, on the grounds of the National Museum of the American Indian, Washington, DC, Nora Naranjo-Morse (Santa Clara Pueblo) built a family of clay sculptures. The commissioned work is located on the 'Native landscape' at the museum’s south entrance on Maryland Avenue S.W. near 4th Street and Independence Avenue S.W., Washington, D.C.
A public dedication, officially opening these public works of art, took place on September 1, 2007. 
The sculptures are intended to disintegrate over time, and the lives of sculptures from the initial idea through the continued process of stewardship are being documented by Filmmaker Dax Thomas (Laguna/Acoma). As the sculptures disintegrate the films of their life will form a more permanent record of their existence and are therefore an essential part of the artistic process, and the work of art itself. 
-- Nora Naranajo-Morse, 2007 

</doc>
<doc id="18836989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836989" title="Ovçulu, Agdash">
Ovçulu, Agdash

Ovçulu (also, Ovchulu) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Aşağı Ləki.

</doc>
<doc id="18836994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836994" title="Ovçulu">
Ovçulu

Ovçulu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18836999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18836999" title="Hapıtlı, Agdash">
Hapıtlı, Agdash

Hapıtlı (also, Gapytly and Khapytly) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Aşağı Ləki.

</doc>
<doc id="18837003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837003" title="Titanium sublimation pump">
Titanium sublimation pump

A titanium sublimation pump (TSP) may be used as a component of ultra high vacuum systems.
Principle of Operation.
Its construction and principle of operation is extremely simple. It consists of a titanium filament through which a high current (typically around 40 Amps) is passed periodically. This current causes the filament to reach the sublimation temperature of titanium, and hence the surrounding chamber walls become coated with a thin film of clean titanium. Since clean titanium is very reactive, components of the residual gas in the chamber which collide with the chamber wall are likely to react and to form a stable, solid product. Thus the gas pressure in the chamber is reduced.
But after some time, the titanium film will no longer be clean and hence the effectiveness of the pump is reduced. Therefore, after a certain time, the titanium filament should be heated again, and a new film of titanium re-deposited on the chamber wall. Since the time taken for the titanium film to react depends on a number of factors (such as the composition of the residual gas, the temperature of the chamber and the total pressure), the period between successive sublimations requires some consideration. Typically, the operator does not know all of these factors, so the sublimation period is estimated according to the total pressure and by observing the effectiveness of the outcome. Some TSP controllers use a signal from the pressure gauge to estimate the appropriate period.
Since the TSP filament has a finite lifetime, TSPs commonly have multiple filaments to allow the operator to switch to a new one without needing to open the chamber. Replacing used filaments can then be combined with other maintenance jobs. 
The effectiveness of the TSP depends on a number of factors. Amongst the most critical are; the area of the titanium film, the temperature of the chamber walls and the composition of the residual gas. The area is typically maximised when considering where to mount to TSP. The reactivity of the new titanium film is increased at lower temperatures, so it is desirable to cool the relevant part of the chamber, typically using liquid nitrogen. However, due to the cost of the nitrogen and the need to ensure a continuous supply, TSPs are commonly operated at room temperature. Finally the residual gas composition is important - typically the pump works well with the more reactive components (such as CO and O2), but is very ineffective at pumping inert components such as the noble gasses. Therefore TSP must be used in conjunction with other pumps.
Other pumps which use exactly the same working principle, but using something other than titanium as a source are also relatively common. This family of pumps are usually called 'getter pumps' or 'getters' and typically consist of metals which are reactive with the components of the residual gas which are not pumped by the TSP. By choosing a number of such sources, most constituents of the residual gas, except for the noble gasses, can be targeted.
Practical considerations.
When mounting the TSP in the chamber, a number of important considerations must be made. First, it is desirable that the filament can deposit on a large area. However, one must take care that the titanium is not deposited onto anything it can damage. For example electrical feedthroughs containing ceramic insulators will fail if the titanium forms a conducting film which bridges the ceramic insulator. Samples may become contaminated by titanium if they have line-of-sight to the pump. Also, titanium is a very hard material, so titanium film which builds up on the inside of the chamber may form flakes which fall into mechanical components (typically turbomolecular pumps and valves) and damage them.
Many chambers containing TSPs also have an ion pump. Often the ion pump provides a good location for the TSP, and some manufacturers promote the use of combined TSP/ion-pumps. Furthermore, TSPs have been shown to be effective against the regurgitation effects of ion pumps.
Common Misconceptions.
Although there are titanium based ion pumps, it is possible to falsely infer that the operation of these pumps is related. This has perhaps also fueled the misconception that a TSP operates in gas phase, i.e. the titanium atoms or clusters from the source collide with molecules from the residual gas, and form gaseous products which are heavier and therefore easier for ion-pumps and turbomolecular pumps to remove. Although this sounds plausible, TSPs are most effective when the residual gas pressure is sufficiently low for the gas to behave ballistically (i.e. the mean free path in the gas is large and thus the probability of collisions within the gas is insignificant compared to the probability or collision with the chamber walls).

</doc>
<doc id="18837007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837007" title="Hapıtlı">
Hapıtlı

Hapıtlı or Gapytly or Khapytly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18837011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837011" title="Aşağı Ləki">
Aşağı Ləki

Aşağı Ləki (also, Ashagy Lyaki) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,339. The municipality consists of the villages of Aşağı Ləki, Hapıtlı, and Ovçulu.

</doc>
<doc id="18837013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837013" title="Mövdüt">
Mövdüt

Mövdüt (also, Modut) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18837016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837016" title="Qaradeyin, Agdash">
Qaradeyin, Agdash

Qaradeyin (also, Karadein) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,551. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837019" title="Qaradeyin">
Qaradeyin

Qaradeyin or Karadein or Karadigin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18837024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837024" title="Orta Ləki">
Orta Ləki

Orta Ləki (also, Läki and Orta-Lyaki) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 5,863. The municipality consists of the villages of Orta Ləki and Yuxarı Ləki.

</doc>
<doc id="18837025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837025" title="Yuxarı Ləki">
Yuxarı Ləki

Yuxarı Ləki (also, Yukhary Lyaki) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Orta Ləki.

</doc>
<doc id="18837027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837027" title="Yenicə, Agdash">
Yenicə, Agdash

Yenicə (also, Yengidzha and Yenidzha) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,545.

</doc>
<doc id="18837028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837028" title="Inuit diet">
Inuit diet

Inuit consume a diet of foods that are fished, hunted, and gathered locally. This may include walrus, Ringed Seal, Bearded Seal, beluga whale, caribou, polar bear, muskoxen, birds (including their eggs) and fish. While it is not possible to cultivate native plants for food in the Arctic, the Inuit have traditionally gathered those that are naturally available. Grasses, tubers, roots, stems, berries, fireweed and seaweed ("kuanniq" or edible seaweed) were collected and preserved depending on the season and the location. 
According to Edmund Searles in his article "Food and the Making of Modern Inuit Identities," they consume this type of diet because a mostly meat diet is "effective in keeping the body warm, making the body strong, keeping the body fit, and even making that body healthy".
Hunting.
Seals.
Seal meat is the most important aspect of an Inuit diet and is often the largest part of an Inuit hunter's diet. Depending on the season, Inuit hunt for different types of seal: Harp Seal, Harbor Seal, and Bearded Seal. Ringed Seals are hunted all year, while Harp Seals are only available during the summer.
Because seals need to break through the ice to reach air, they form breathing holes with their claws. Through these, Inuit hunters are able to capture seals. When a hunter arrives at these holes, they set up a seal indicator that alerts the hunter when a seal is coming up for a breath of air. When the seal comes up, the hunter notices movement in the indicator and uses his harpoon to capture the seal in the water.
As saltwater animals, seals are always considered to be thirsty and are therefore offered a drink of fresh water as they die. This is shown as a sign of respect and gratitude toward the seal and its sacrifice. This offering is also done to please the spirit Sedna to ensure food supply.
Walrus.
Walrus are often hunted during the winter and spring since hunting them in summer is much more dangerous. A walrus is too large to be controlled by one man, so it cannot be hunted alone.
In "Uqalurait: An Oral History of Nunavut", an Inuit elder describes the hunt of a walrus in these words: "When a walrus was sighted, the two hunters would run to get close to it and at a short distance it is necessary to stop when the walrus's head was submerged…the walrus would hear you approach. then tried to get in front of the walrus and it was harpooned while its head was submerged. In the meantime, the other person would drive the harpoon into the ice through the harpoon loop to secure it."
Bowhead whale.
As one of the largest animals in the world, the bowhead whale is able to feed an entire community for nearly a year from its meat, blubber, and skin. Inuit hunters most often hunt juvenile whales which, compared to adults, are safer to hunt and have tastier skin. Similar to walrus, bowhead whales are captured by harpoon. The hunters use active pursuit to harpoon the whale and follow it during attack. At times, Inuit were known for using a more passive approach when hunting whales. According to John Bennett and Susan Rowley, a hunter would harpoon the whale and instead of pursuing it, would "wait patiently for the winds, currents, and spirits to aid him in bringing the whale to shore."
Caribou.
During the majority of the year caribou roam the tundra in small herds, but twice a year large herds of caribou cross the inland regions. Caribou have excellent senses of smell and hearing so that the hunters must be very careful when in pursuit. Often, Inuit hunters set up camp miles away from the caribou crossing and wait until they are in full view to attack.
There are many ways in which the caribou can be captured, including spearing, forcing caribou into the river, using blinders, scaring the caribou, and stalking the caribou. When spearing caribou, hunters put the string of the spear in their mouths and the other end they use to gently spear the animal.
Fish.
Inuit consume both salt water and freshwater fish including sculpin, Arctic cod, Arctic char and lake trout. They capture these types of fish by jigging. The hunter cuts a square hole in the ice on the lake and fishes using a fish lure and spear. Instead of using a hook on a line, Inuit use a fake fish attached to the line. They lower it into the water and move it around as if it is real. When the live fish approach it, they spear the fish before it has a chance to eat the fake fish.
Decline in hunting.
The decline of hunting is partially due to the fact that young people lack the skills to survive off the land. They are no longer skilled in hunting like their ancestors and are growing more accustomed to the Qallunaat ("White people") food that they receive from the south. The high costs of hunting equipment—snowmobiles, rifles, sleds, camping gear, gasoline, and oil—is also causing a decline in families who hunt for their meals.
Nutrition.
Because the climate of the Arctic is ill-suited for agriculture and lacks forageable plant matter for much of the year, the traditional Inuit diet is unusually low in carbohydrates and high in fat and animal protein. In the absence of carbohydrates, protein is broken down in the liver through gluconeogenesis and utilized as an energy source. Inuit studied in the 1970s were found to have abnormally large livers, presumably to assist in this process. Their urine volumes were also high, a result of the excess urea produced by gluconeogenesis.
Traditional Inuit diets derive, at most, 35-40% of their calories from protein, with 50-75% of calories preferably coming from fat. This high fat content provides valuable energy and prevents protein poisoning, which historically was sometimes a problem in late winter when game animals grew lean through winter starvation. Because the fats of the Inuit's wild-caught game are largely monounsaturated and rich in omega-3 fatty acids, the diet does not pose the same health risks as a typical Western high-fat diet.
Vitamins and minerals which are typically derived from plant sources are nonetheless present in most Inuit diets. Vitamins A and D are present in the oils and livers of cold-water fishes and mammals. Vitamin C is obtained through sources such as caribou liver, kelp, whale skin, and seal brain; because these foods are typically eaten raw or frozen, the vitamin C they contain, which would be destroyed by cooking, is instead preserved.
Perceived benefits of the diet.
The Inuit believe that their diet has many benefits over the western ""Qallunaat"" food. They are adamant about proving that their diet will make one stronger, warmer, and full of energy.
One example is the drinking of seal blood. When interviewing an Inuit elder, Searles was told that "Inuit food generates a strong flow of blood, a condition considered to be healthy and indicative of a strong body." After the consumption of seal blood and meat, one could look at their veins in the wrist for proof of the strength that Inuit food provides. The veins would expand and darken and, as Kristen Borré observed, "the person's blood becomes fortified and improves in color and thickness." Borré states that "seal blood is seen as fortifying human blood by replacing depleted nutrients and rejuvenating the blood supply, it is considered a necessary part of the Inuit diet."
Inuit also believe that their meat-rich diet keeps them warmer. They say that in comparison to store-bought food, Inuit food takes effects on one's body when eaten consistently. One Inuk, Oleetoa, who ate a combination of ""Qallunaat"" and Inuit food, told of a story of his cousin Joanasee who ate a diet consisting of mostly Inuit food. The two compared their strengths, warmth, and energy and found that Joanasee benefited most based on his diet.
Eating habits and food preparation.
Searles defines Inuit food as mostly "eaten frozen, raw, or boiled, with very little mixture of ingredients and with very few spices added." Inuit only eat two main meals a day, but it is common to eat many snacks every hour. Customs among the Inuit when eating and preparing food are very strict and may seem odd for people of different cultures.
One common way to eat the meat hunted is frozen. Many hunters will eat the food that they hunt on location where they found it. This keeps their blood flowing and their bodies warm. One peculiar custom of eating meat at the hunting site pertains to fish. In "Overland to Starvation Cove: A History", Heinrich Klutschak explains the custom: "...no fish could be eaten in a cooked state on the spot where caught but could only be enjoyed raw; only when one is a day's march away from the fishing site is it permitted to cook the fish over the flame of a blubber lamp."
When eating a meal, Inuit place slabs of large meat, blubber, and other parts of the animal on a piece of metal, plastic, or cardboard on the floor. From here, anyone in the house is able to cut off a piece of meat. At these meals, no one is obliged to join in the meal; Inuit eat only when hungry. Sometimes, though, meals are announced to the whole camp. A woman does this by the shout of "Ujuk!" which means "cooked meat".
After a hunt, the eating habits differ from normal meals. When a seal is brought home, the hunters quickly gather around it to receive their pieces of meat first. This happens because the hunters are the coldest and hungriest among the camp and need the warm seal blood and meat to warm them. The seal is cut in a specific way directly after a hunt. Borré explains the cutting of the seal is this way "one of the hunters slits the abdomen laterally, exposing the internal organs. Hunters first eat pieces of liver or they use a tea cup to gather some blood to drink." At this time, hunters may also chop up pieces of fat and the brain to mix together and eat with meat.
Women and children are accustomed to eating different parts of the seal because they wait until the hunters are done eating. Intestines are the first thing to be chosen and then any leftover pieces of the liver are consumed. Finally, ribs and backbone are eaten and any remaining meat is distributed among the camp.
Food sharing.
Origin.
Inuit are known for their practice of food sharing, a form of food distribution where one person catches the food and shares with the entire community. Food sharing was first documented among the Inuit in 1910 when a little girl decided to take a platter around to four neighboring families who had no food of their own.
Food sharing today.
In "Uqalurait: An Oral History of Nunavut", it is said that "food sharing was necessary for the physical and social welfare of the entire group." Younger couples would give food from their hunt to the elders, most often their parents, as a sign of respect. Food sharing was not only a tradition, but also a way for families to make bonds with one another. Once you shared food with someone, you were in a "lifelong partnership" with them.
Inuit often are relentless in making known that they are not like Qallunaat in the sense that they do not eat the same food and they are communal with their food. Qallunaat believe that the person who purchases the food is the owner of the food and is free to decide what happens to the food. Searles describes the Inuit perspective on food by saying that "in the Inuit world of goods, foods as well as other objects associated with hunting, fishing, and gathering are more or less communal property, belonging not to individuals but to a larger group, which can include multiple households." Food in an Inuit household is not meant to be saved for the family who has hunted, fished, gathered, or purchased it, but instead for anyone who is in need of it. Searles and his wife were visiting a family in Iqaluit and he asked for permission to have a cup of orange juice. This small gesture of asking was taken as offensive because Inuit do not consider food belonging to one person.
Beliefs in diet.
Inuit choose their diet based on four concepts, according to Borré: "the relationship between animals and humans, the relationship between the body and soul and life and health, the relationship between seal blood and Inuit blood, and diet choice." Inuit are especially spiritual when it comes to the customs of hunting, cooking, and eating. The Inuit belief is that the combination of animal and human blood in one's bloodstream creates a healthy human body and soul.
Hunting beliefs.
One particular belief that Inuit strongly believe in is the relationship between seal and Inuit. According to Inuit hunters and elders, hunters and seals have an agreement that allows the hunter to capture and feed from the seal if only for the hunger of the hunter's family. Borré explains that through this alliance "both hunter and seal are believed to benefit: the hunter is able to sustain the life of his people by having a reliable source of food, and the seal, through its sacrifice, agrees to become part of the body of the Inuit."
Inuit are under the belief that if they do not follow the alliances that their ancestors have laid out, the animals will disappear because they have been offended and will cease to reproduce.
Healing beliefs.
Borré tells of a time when she saw an Inuit woman fall ill who blamed her sickness on the lack of seal in her diet. Once receiving seal meat, the woman felt better within hours and explained that her quick recovery was due to the consumption of seal meat and blood. Borré experienced this many times among many different members of the group and they all attributed their sickness to the lack of Inuit food.
A commonality seen among hunters and young men is that they very rarely fall ill because of their high consumption of seal meat to maintain strength to hunt.

</doc>
<doc id="18837032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837032" title="Yenicə">
Yenicə

Yenicə may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18837034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837034" title="Məlikballı">
Məlikballı

Məlikballı (also Malikballi and Melikbally) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,372. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837036" title="Əmirarx">
Əmirarx

Əmirarx (also, Amirarkh and Emirarkh) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,113.

</doc>
<doc id="18837039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837039" title="Güvəkənd">
Güvəkənd

Güvəkənd (also, Gyuvekend) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,486.

</doc>
<doc id="18837041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837041" title="Ləki">
Ləki

Ləki (also, Lyaki) — is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,941.

</doc>
<doc id="18837043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837043" title="Ərəbşəki">
Ərəbşəki

Ərəbşəki (also, Arabsheki) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Eymur.

</doc>
<doc id="18837044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837044" title="Hendrik Witbooi (politician)">
Hendrik Witbooi (politician)

Reverend Dr Kaptein Hendrik Witbooi (traditional name ǃNanseb ǀGabemab, 7 January 1934, Gibeon – 13 October 2009, Windhoek) was a Namibian politician and the seventh Captain of the ǀKhowesin clan. A member of SWAPO from 1976 until his death, Witbooi brought with him several clans of Namaqua into the liberation organisation. 
Imprisoned numerous times during the Namibian War of Independence, Witbooi was first elected as Vice-President of SWAPO in 1984 and was re-elected for the last time in 1997. A member of the Constituent Assembly in 1989-90, Witbooi served in the National Assembly until his 2004 retirement, including a stint (1990-1995) as Minister of Labour and Manpower Development. 
Witbooi became Namibia's first Deputy Prime Minister in 1995. He served in that position until 2004.
In October 2009, it was reported that Witbooi was facing major medical problems and had slipped into a coma at the Roman Catholic Hospital in Windhoek. On 13 October, Witbooi died at the Roman Catholic Hospital due to cancer.
Personal.
Witbooi was the great-grandson of Hendrik Witbooi, the early resistance leader who led his chiefly followers against European colonisation.

</doc>
<doc id="18837046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837046" title="Cardam">
Cardam

Cardam (also, Dzhardam) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,340. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837047" title="Tofiqi">
Tofiqi

Tofiqi (also, Tofiki and Toyfiki) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,278.

</doc>
<doc id="18837048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837048" title="Binələr">
Binələr

Binələr (also, Binelyar) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 786.

</doc>
<doc id="18837051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837051" title="Nehrəxəlil">
Nehrəxəlil

Nehrəxəlil (also, Nekhrakhalil) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,262.

</doc>
<doc id="18837054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837054" title="Kotanarx">
Kotanarx

Kotanarx (also, Ketanarkh and Kotanarkh) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,050.

</doc>
<doc id="18837056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837056" title="Əmirməhmud">
Əmirməhmud

Əmirməhmud (also, Əmirmahmud and Emirmakhmud) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Şəmsabad.

</doc>
<doc id="18837058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837058" title="Birinci Aral">
Birinci Aral

Birinci Aral (also, Aral Pervoye and Aral Pervyy) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,521. The municipality consists of the villages of Birinci Aral and İkinci Aral.

</doc>
<doc id="18837060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837060" title="Cücük, Agdash">
Cücük, Agdash

Cücük (also, Cucuk, Chodzhuk, and Dzhyudzhyuk) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 503.

</doc>
<doc id="18837063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837063" title="İkinci Şordəhnə">
İkinci Şordəhnə

İkinci Şordəhnə (also, Beylik-Shordekhne, Shordakhna Vtoroye, and Shordekhna Vtoroye) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18837067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837067" title="Pirəyir">
Pirəyir

Pirəyir (also, Piragir) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 516.

</doc>
<doc id="18837068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837068" title="Gürcuva">
Gürcuva

Gürcuva (also, Kyurdzhuva and Kyurdzhyuva) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Məşəd.

</doc>
<doc id="18837072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837072" title="Qəribli, Agdash">
Qəribli, Agdash

Qəribli (also, Garibli) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 969.

</doc>
<doc id="18837077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837077" title="Qəribli">
Qəribli

Qəribli or Garibli or Garibly or Gyaribli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18837088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837088" title="Birinci Şordəhnə">
Birinci Şordəhnə

Birinci Şordəhnə (also, Shordakhna Pervoye, Shordekhna Pervoye, and Shordekhne) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18837091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837091" title="Xosrov">
Xosrov

Xosrov (also, Khosrov) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,783. The municipality consists of the villages of Xosrov and Sadavat.

</doc>
<doc id="18837093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837093" title="Şəmsabad">
Şəmsabad

Şəmsabad (also, Shamsabad) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,604. The municipality consists of the villages of Şəmsabad, Əmirməhmud,
and Qaraqan Saatlı.

</doc>
<doc id="18837096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837096" title="Qaradağlı, Agdash">
Qaradağlı, Agdash

Qaradağlı (also, Karadagly) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,259. The municipality consists of the villages of Qaradağlı and Malay.

</doc>
<doc id="18837101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837101" title="Qulbəndə">
Qulbəndə

Qulbəndə (also, Gülbəndə and Gyul’benda) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,315. The municipality consists of the villages of Qulbəndə, Orta Qəsil, Bəylik, and Aşağı Qəsil.

</doc>
<doc id="18837118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837118" title="Black Tie Nights">
Black Tie Nights

Black Tie Nights was a softcore drama anthology series which aired on Cinemax in the United States from 2004 to 2005.
This anthology show revolved around the adventures of Olivia Hartley and Cooper Snow who ran Black Tie dating service. They were assisted by their geeky sidekick, Ryan Lundy. Each week they would encounter new or returning customers and try to play matchmaker. The first season had two main subplots that continued in each episode. The first was the budding romance between Ryan and Cooper. The second was Olivia getting over the loss of her husband and dating again.
In the second season, the show was retooled. The anthology series was renamed "Hollywood Sexcapades" and the characters of Olivia and Cooper were said to be out of the country opening a new branch. Candi Hicks, a recurring customer in the first season, became the new employee of Black Tie dating service. She and Ryan (who was no longer nerdish) partnered to run the company, and the continuing subplot was the budding romance between these two characters. Each week they would continue to try to play matchmaker to that episode's guest stars.

</doc>
<doc id="18837121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837121" title="Stefanelli">
Stefanelli

Stefanelli is a surname of Italian origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18837138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837138" title="North Bloomfield, California">
North Bloomfield, California

North Bloomfield (previously, Bloomfield, Humbug, and Humbug City) is a small unincorporated community located in Nevada County, California, United States, northeast of Nevada City, California.
Settled in 1852, it was originally named Humbug after the creek of the same name. As the settlement grew, it was renamed Humbug City, and then the more dignified Bloomfield. The settlement thrived during Malakoff Diggins mining days. When a post office was established on June 1, 1857, residents selected the current name to differentiate the town from Bloomfield, California.
In 1857, the population was approximately 500. Three years later, the North Bloomfield Mining and Gravel Company arrived and began hydraulic mining operations. By 1876, the population swelled to 2000. But in 1884, when hydraulic mining ended because of a lawsuit by Sacramento area farmers, North Bloomfield became an uninhabited San Juan Ridge ghost town.
In the present day, the town of North Bloomfield is contained within the Malakoff Diggins State Historic Park. Some of the town’s original buildings remain and a few have been reconstructed:
The post office was open from 1857 to 1942, moving once in 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="18837139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837139" title="Awaz (1978 film)">
Awaz (1978 film)

Awaz (Urdu: ﺁﻭﺍﺯ) (English: The Voice) is a Pakistani Urdu colour film, produced and directed by Zafar Shabab. The film cast Mohammad Ali, Waheed Murad, Shabnam, Ghulam Mohiuddin, Naghma and Nanna. The film was released on October 27, 1978 in Pakistani cinemas.
Release.
"Awaz" was released by Zafar Art Productions on October 27, 1978 on Pakistani cinemas. It completed 30 weeks in main cinema and 93 weeks on other cinemas in Karachi and thus became Platinum Jubilee film.
Music.
Music was composed by A. Hameed and the songs were written by Saeed Gillani. Play back singers are Mehdi Hassan, Ghulam Abbas, A Nayyar, Nahid Akhtar and Asad Amanat Ali Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="18837144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837144" title="Charles T. Barney">
Charles T. Barney

Charles Tracy Barney (January 27, 1851 – November 14, 1907) was the president of the Knickerbocker Trust Company, the collapse of which shortly before Barney's death sparked the Panic of 1907.
Early life and marriage.
Charles T. Barney was born in Cleveland, Ohio, the son of Ashbel H. Barney and Susan (Tracy) Barney. His father was a successful forwarding and commission merchant. In 1857 the family moved to New York City, where Ashbel Barney was a director (1859–83), vice president (1867–69) and president (1869–70) of Wells Fargo & Company.
Barney attended Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts, where he was a member of The Kappa Alpha Society, graduating in 1870. Following graduation he moved to New York and entered banking. Barney married Laurinda Collins "Lily" Whitney, the sister of William Collins Whitney, the patriarch of the Whitney family. The Barneys were the parents of two sons and two daughters:
Through his daughter Helen, Barney was the grandfather of Archibald S. Alexander (1906-1979), Under Secretary of the Army in the Truman Administration.
Banking career.
His ties to the Whitney family helped him achieve great success in banking, real estate investment and opened the door to profitable business opportunities. Barney was made a special member of the firm of Rogers & Gould, members of the New York Stock Exchange. He joined the Knickerbocker Trust Company in 1884, was elected vice president in the 1890s and in 1897 succeeded Robert MacClay as president. During his tenure at Knickerbocker, the company's total deposits rose from $11 million to over $65 million. At its peak it was the third largest trust company in the city. In 1902-04 it built a new main office at the corner of Fifth Avenue and 34th Street (pictured), designed by McKim, Mead and White. There were also branch offices at 66 Broadway and in Harlem and The Bronx.
In his real estate operations, Barney joined William C. Whitney, Henry F. Dimock, W.E.D. Stokes, Francis W. Jenks, and others in forming the New York Loan and Improvement Company in 1890. This concern was responsible for the development of the Washington Heights section of New York City. He formed with George D. Sheldon and others in 1899 the so-called Barney-Sheldon real estate syndicate.
Besides serving as president and a director of the Knickerbocker Trust Company, Barney was president and a director of the New York Loan and Improvement Company; a trustee of the Bank for Savings; a director of the Brooklyn Life Insurance Company, Lawyers' Mortgage Insurance Company, United States Realty and Improvement Company, Title Insurance Company of New York, New York Mortgage and Security Company, Century Realty Company, Hudson Mortgage Company and Chelsea Realty Company; and a shareholder of the Santa Cecilia Sugar Company, Cuba Hardwood Company, Cuba Northeastern Railroad, American Ice Company, Ice Securities Company, Eastern Steamship Company, Metropolitan Steamship Company, Dominion Iron Company Ltd., Dominion Iron and Steel Company Ltd., and the Hudson Navigation Company (the Hudson River Night Line). He was also an investor in the New York Subway and the Metropolitan Opera and Real Estate Company.
Barney and his family resided at 101 East 38th Street, corner of Park Avenue, in his father's old home. At the Metropolitan Opera he was the holder of box 9. A sportsman, he enjoyed hunting and pistol-shooting. He was chairman of the executive committee of the New York Zoological Society from 1904 until his death.
Of his sons, the elder, James W. Barney, was graduated from Yale University in 1900 and, an architect by profession, took up residence in Paris. The younger, Ashbel H. Barney II, joined the Wall Street firm of Rogers & Gould, in which Barney was still a special member.
William C. Whitney gave a debutante ball for Barney's daughter Helen at the Whitney mansion, 871 Fifth Avenue, on January 5, 1901.
With his mustache and beard and slightly thinning hair, Charles T. Barney somewhat resembled his late, well-regarded father in appearance. He was one of Wall Street's most prominent bankers, but his career came to a rapid and ignominious end in October 1907.
Panic of 1907.
In 1907, the Knickerbocker entered into a deal organized by speculators F. Augustus Heinze and Charles W. Morse to corner the market of the United Copper Company. On Tuesday, October 15, 1907 their plan failed spectacularly when the share price of United Copper collapsed. Heinze's brokerage firm failed on October 17, and he was forced to resign as president of the Mercantile National Bank. On October 19 Morse was forced out of the banks with which he had been associated. Realizing that the Knickerbocker was involved in the failed cornering, depositors began to remove their deposits from the bank.
On October 21, Monday of the week after the bid collapsed, the board of the Knickerbocker Trust Company asked Barney to resign after he admitted involvement in the Morse speculations. That afternoon, the National Bank of Commerce announced it would no longer clear checks for the Knickerbocker. The next day, a massive bank run forced the Knickerbocker to suspend operations. George L. Rives, Henry C. Ide and Ernst Thalmann were named receivers. The failure of the Knickerbocker was the keystone of the Panic of 1907.
Barney's successor as president of Knickerbocker, A. Foster Higgins of Greenwich, Connecticut, was an unfortunate choice.
He was 77 years old and quite garrulous. Foster made public statements, including one following the death of Barney, that greatly embarrassed the Rehabilitation Committee under F.G. Bourne and William A. Tucker that was trying to get the trust company on its feet again.
Death.
Barney himself was not ruined financially. Despite his resignation he still had an estimated $2.5 million in assets over and above liabilities. But personally he was disgraced. On the morning November 14, Barney was in his bedroom on the second floor of the house, with two windows facing 38th Street. He was accustomed to eat breakfast here and then conduct business by telephone before dressing in late morning. On this particular morning, Lily Barney and Mrs. Susan Abbott Mead, a guest who had arrived from Europe two weeks before, were in Lily's adjoining bedroom. Shortly before 10:00 a.m. they heard a shot fired in Barney's room. Mrs. Mead ran into the room and saw Mr. Barney standing. Mrs. Mead called to Lily Barney, who ran into the room. As she approached her husband, he fell to the floor and she cradled his head in her lap. Ashbel H. Barney II, who had heard the shot on the first floor, thereupon entered the room. Barney told his son, "Don't move me."
Barney had shot himself in the abdomen with a .32 caliber revolver. Lily Barney later told Coroner Harburger that pistols were kept on every floor of the house for protection. Medical assistance was summoned, and in the meantime Barney made and signed arrangements for the disposal of his affairs in addition to his existing will. Then, still in his home, he underwent exploratory surgery at the hands of Dr. Joseph A. Blake and the family's physician, Dr. George A. Dixon. Barney died at 2:30 p.m. while still under anesthesia.
Barney's funeral was conducted at the residence on November 16, 1907, by the Rev. Dr. Charles H. Parkhurst of the Madison Square Presbyterian Church. Some 40 persons were present for the private service, among them Barney's widow and their two daughters and one son (the other was in Europe). Also present were Harry Payne Whitney, Henry Melville Whitney, Joseph S. Auerbach, Dr. George A. Dixon and Barney's lawyers, George L. Nichols and Arthur H. Masten. Following the service, the hearse took Barney's body to Grand Central Station, from whence a special train took it to Woodlawn Cemetery. Parkhurst said a prayer at the graveside.

</doc>
<doc id="18837149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837149" title="Martyrs Bridge (Bamako)">
Martyrs Bridge (Bamako)

The Martyrs Bridge (Pont des martyrs) of Bamako Mali connects the older sections of the Malian capital to its broad suburbs on the south shore of the Niger River. One of two road bridges across the Niger at Bamako, it is also known as the "Old Bridge". Opened in 1957 when Mali was under French Colonial rule it was renamed the Martyrs Bridge after independence in 1961. Martyrs Bridge connects two of the main avenues of the city. "Avenue Fleuve" (also known as "Avenue Modibo Keita"), a broad boulevard enclosing the Square Lamumba which runs north towards the Presidential palace. From the south of the bridge runs Avenue de l'Unite Africain, the major route from the city centre south to Bamako-Senou Airport.
Other crossings.
In 1982 a second road bridge, the King Fahd Bridge, was opened just 500 meters upstream. Both bridges connect the central city neighborhood of Commune III with Badalabougou.
Prior to the 1950s, the only crossing of the Niger at Bamako was at the Sotuba Causeway, 8 kilometers downstream from the city, which is a low water crossing of cut stone at the location of a natural rapids. The Aigrettes Dam, 200 kilometers upstream, is a hydroelectric station and the next all season crossing to the west. The next all season crossing downstream is at the Markala Dam, over 200 kilometers east northeast past Segou, which until recently relied on ferry transport to cross one arm of the Niger. The next road bridge to cross the Niger river downstream of Markala is at Gao, Mali. A Chinese funded third road bridge, downstream on the east end of Bamako, is in the planning stage.

</doc>
<doc id="18837176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837176" title="Meols Cop High School">
Meols Cop High School

Meols Cop High School, often abbreviated to MCHS is a mixed 11-16 comprehensive school located in Southport, Merseyside, England. The school was opened in 1941 and originally consisted of two separate single sex secondary modern schools. One half of the building accommodated the girls and one half the boys – the hall was shared.
In 1979 the two schools amalgamated to form Meols Cop High School under the leadership of Alan Hall, the boy's secondary modern head teacher. The school now has over 700 students and the current head teacher is Miss Heaton.
In 2012, Ofsted reported the school as being 'Outstanding' in all areas.

</doc>
<doc id="18837184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837184" title="Michael Neary (rower)">
Michael Neary (rower)

Michael ("Mike") Neary (born November 5, 1948 in Ottawa, Ontario) was an Olympic rower from Canada, who competed at the 1972 Munich Olympics and the 1976 Montreal Olympics. He was a member of the "Argonaut Rowing Club" in Toronto. 
Neary graduated from the University of Western Ontario.
References.
Married to Maureen Neary, and has one son Jack

</doc>
<doc id="18837198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837198" title="1960 Six Hour Le Mans">
1960 Six Hour Le Mans

The 1960 Six Hour Le Mans was an endurance race for sports cars and sedans.
The event was held at the Caversham Airfield circuit in Western Australia on 6 June 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18837224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837224" title="Aqdash">
Aqdash

Ağdaş or Agdash or Aqdash or Aq Dash or Aghdash may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18837225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837225" title="Andy Nulman">
Andy Nulman

Andy Nulman is a Montreal-based businessman best known for his activities in co-founding and promoting the "Just For Laughs" comedy festival; under Nulman's stewardship, the festival grew from a two-day show to a month-long event drawing international audiences. Nulman also sold multi-million dollar corporate sponsorships and created/ Executive Produced over 150 Festival TV shows, in a variety of languages, all over the world. He wrote, produced and hosted the 1997 CBC production of "The Worst of Just For Laughs," created the controversial, Gemini-award nominated gay sketch comedy show "In Thru The Out Door" for CBC and Showtime in 1998 and won a "Best Variety Series" Gemini Award for "The Best of Just For Laughs" in 1993.
In 1999, Nulman left the Festival’s full-time employ; however, he directed its major Gala Shows at the St. Denis Theater every July, and remained on the Board of Directors of the Festival's parent company until 2010 when he returned as President of Festivals and Television.
After "Just For Laughs".
Nulman is founder, President, and CMO of Airborne Mobile, a media-space company. In 2005, he and partner Garner Bornstein sold the company to Japan’s Cybird Holdings for close to $100 million In 2006, Airborne was cited as North America’s 4th-Fastest Growing Tech Company by the Deloitte Fast 500. In June 2008, Nulman and Bornstein re-purchased the company.
Before joining Just For Laughs, Nulman was a journalist, starting at the age of 16 at the weekly tabloid "The Sunday Express", where he stayed for six years, and was eventually promoted to the positions of Entertainment Editor and Promotion Manager. During that period, he also freelanced for publications the likes of Variety, Us Magazine and the rock ‘n’ roll music bi-weekly Circus Magazine. In summer 2010, he rejoined Just For Laughs retaking the position of President, Festivals and Television.

</doc>
<doc id="18837231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837231" title="Yuxarı Qəsil">
Yuxarı Qəsil

Yuxarı Qəsil (also, Juxari Qəsil and Yukhary Kasil’) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,705.

</doc>
<doc id="18837233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837233" title="Qarasuqumlaq">
Qarasuqumlaq

Qarasuqumlaq (also, Qarasugumlag, Karasukumlak and Karasu-Kumlakh) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 652.

</doc>
<doc id="18837235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837235" title="Şıxlı, Agdash">
Şıxlı, Agdash

Şıxlı (also, Sıxlı, Shikhly, and Shykhly) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 669. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837238" title="Ağalı, Agdash">
Ağalı, Agdash

Ağalı (also, Agaly) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Yuxarı Zeynəddin.

</doc>
<doc id="18837241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837241" title="Ma Prem Usha">
Ma Prem Usha

Ma Prem Usha (November 3, 1937 – July 17, 2008) was an Indian tarot card reader and columnist. Usha, who was well known as a clairvoyant and fortune-teller both inside Indian and abroad, travelled extensively to read her tarot cards.
Beginnings.
Ma Prem Usha was a graduate of Isabella Thoburn College in Lucknow, India. It was during the 1970s that Usha was initiated into the order of Zen mystic, Osho, an Indian guru. She remained a follower and devotee of the teachings of Osho for over 30 years until her death in 2008.
She was consulted and interviewed extensively by Indian and international publications on her predictions. She also contributed weekly astrological writings and predictions to several major Indian newspapers, periodicals and websites. Her writings often touched on a wide variety of subjects including health, food, politics, fashion and people.
Publications.
Usha and her grand daughter Amira Sultan Kapoor who is a sculptor and painter created a new deck of tarot cards called the Saakshi Tarot Deck which is based on symbology, Indian mythology and the five elements of nature (wood, fire, earth, metal and water). She authored 12 books on the twelve signs of the zodiac.
Death.
Ma Prem Usha died on July 17, 2008, in New Delhi, India. She was 70 years old. She is survived by her husband, Lt. Col Raj Kumar Kapoor, her son Milin Kapoor and her 3 daughters, Ma Prem Ritambhara (Ritambhara Dewan) Sonia Pillai and Anjali Kapoor Ben-Sarfaradz. Usha and her daughter often travelled together for tarot readings throughout the world.
Usha was cremated on the day of her death. Her ashes were taken to Haridwar,by her Husband and Daughter India, and placed into the Ganges River.

</doc>
<doc id="18837243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837243" title="Yuxarı Zeynəddin">
Yuxarı Zeynəddin

Yuxarı Zeynəddin (also, Yukhary Zeynaddin) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The municipality consists of the villages of Yuxarı Zeynəddin and Ağalı.

</doc>
<doc id="18837248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837248" title="Aşağı Qolqəti">
Aşağı Qolqəti

Aşağı Qolqəti (also, Ashaga Kolgaty and Ashagy Kolgaty) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18837249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837249" title="Aşağı Nemətabad">
Aşağı Nemətabad

Aşağı Nemətabad (also, Aşağı Ne’mətabad, Ashaga Neymetabad, Ashagy Neymetabad, Ashagy-Neymatabad, and Ermeni Neymetabad) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 948. The municipality consists of the villages of Aşağı Nemətabad and Yenikənd.

</doc>
<doc id="18837250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837250" title="Kükəl">
Kükəl

Kükəl (also, Kyukel’) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,183. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837252" title="Ərəb, Agdash">
Ərəb, Agdash

Ərəb (also, Arab-Kyukel’) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,395.

</doc>
<doc id="18837257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837257" title="Dəhnəxəlil">
Dəhnəxəlil

Dəhnəxəlil (also, Dakhnakhalil and Dekhne-Khalil) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,518. The municipality consists of the villages of Dəhnəxəlil and Turyançay.

</doc>
<doc id="18837258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837258" title="Yuxarı Qolqəti">
Yuxarı Qolqəti

Yuxarı Qolqəti (also, Yukhary Kolgaty) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18837261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837261" title="Korarx">
Korarx

Korarx (also, Kerarkh and Korarkh) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 586.

</doc>
<doc id="18837263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837263" title="Yenikənd, Agdash">
Yenikənd, Agdash

Yenikənd (also, Yenikend) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Aşağı Nemətabad.

</doc>
<doc id="18837279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837279" title="Aşağı Ağcayazı">
Aşağı Ağcayazı

Aşağı Ağcayazı (also, Ashaga Agdzhayazy and Ashagy Agdzhayazy) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Yuxarı Ağcayazı.

</doc>
<doc id="18837281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837281" title="Cüvə">
Cüvə

Cüvə (also, Cuvə, Güvə, and Dzhuva) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 496.

</doc>
<doc id="18837283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837283" title="Erməni Bazar">
Erməni Bazar

Erməni Bazar (also, Ermenibazar) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18837284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837284" title="1st Medium Regiment, Royal Canadian Artillery">
1st Medium Regiment, Royal Canadian Artillery

The 1st Medium Regiment, Royal Canadian Artillery was one of six Canadian medium artillery regiments that served in the European Theatre of World War II.
History.
The Adjutant of the 1st Medium Regiment, RCA, was Captain Horace Trites; Trites was awarded a "Mention in Dispatches" in Italy. Trites and G.P.O. (Gun Position Officer) Lieutenant 'Buck' Buchanan later became pilots at 43 OTU, RAF Andover, and fought in northwest Europe with No. 665 Squadron RCAF.

</doc>
<doc id="18837285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837285" title="Yuxarı Ağcayazı">
Yuxarı Ağcayazı

Yuxarı Ağcayazı (also, Yukhari Agdzhayazy and Yukhary Agdzhayazy) a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,171. The municipality consists of the villages of Yuxarı Ağcayazı and Aşağı Ağcayazı.

</doc>
<doc id="18837286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837286" title="Türyançay">
Türyançay

Türyançay (also, Turyançay and Turianchay) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Dəhnəxəlil.

</doc>
<doc id="18837289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837289" title="Şəkili, Agdash">
Şəkili, Agdash

Şəkili (also, Shekili) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,023.

</doc>
<doc id="18837292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837292" title="Yuxarı Nemətabad">
Yuxarı Nemətabad

Yuxarı Nemətabad (also, Yuxarı Ne’mətabad, Yukhary Neymetabad, and Yukhary-Neymatabad) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 795. The municipality consists of the villages of Yuxarı Nemətabad and Hacılar.

</doc>
<doc id="18837293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837293" title="Ice Blues">
Ice Blues

Ice Blues is a 2008 gay-themed mystery television film starring Chad Allen and Sebastian Spence, and directed by Emmy-nominated Canadian-born director Ron Oliver. featuring fictional detective Donald Strachey. It is the third adaptation of a Richard Stevenson novel, though it was the fourth to be released.
"Ice Blues" was screened in select markets in Canada in the summer of 2008 on the pay station Super Channel, but did not premiere in the United States until September 5, 2008 on here! TV network.
Production notes.
Release order.
According to Ken Clark, the webmaster of fan site Chad Allen Online, there were a couple of reasons that "On the Other Hand, Death" was released before "Ice Blues". One was script quality; the producers felt that the adaptation of the novel needed substantial revisions to the overall plot. The other was the desired weather conditions for shooting, as "Ice Blues" was meant to take place in winter, so plans to shoot in May 2007 were shelved and filming was postponed until December of that year or the winter season of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18837295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837295" title="Pirkəkə">
Pirkəkə

Pirkəkə (also, Pirkekya) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,090. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837296" title="Qoşaqovaq">
Qoşaqovaq

Qoşaqovaq (also, Koshakovag and Kosha-Kovakh) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,083. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837301" title="Hacılar, Agdash">
Hacılar, Agdash

Hacılar (also, Gadzhylar and Gadzhyly) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Yuxarı Nemətabad.

</doc>
<doc id="18837303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837303" title="Ərəbocağı">
Ərəbocağı

Ərəbocag (also, Ərəbocaq and Arabodzhagy) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 891. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837306" title="Bəyazatlı">
Bəyazatlı

Bəyazatlı (also, Bayazatly and Beyazatly) is a village in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18837307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837307" title="Alekseyevka, Agstafa">
Alekseyevka, Agstafa

Alekseyevka (also, Alexeevka Selo) is a village in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18837318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837318" title="Blinder (surname)">
Blinder (surname)

Blinder is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18837320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837320" title="Ahmed Zaid Salim Zuhair">
Ahmed Zaid Salim Zuhair

Ahmed Zaid Salim Zuhair is a citizen of Saudi Arabia formerly held in extrajudicial detention in the United States's Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba.
On August 13, 2008 it was reported that Ahmed Zaid Zuhair had been on a hunger strike since June 2005. 
Two other long-term hunger strikers died under mysterious circumstances in June 2006.
On March 18, 2009, camp authorities declined to agree to moving Zuhair to Camp 4 from Camp 6 in return for his ending his hunger strike.
In December 2008, an Administrative Review Board cleared Zuhair for release from Guantanamo. On May 22, 2009 Zuhair was cleared for transfer once again by the Inter-Agency Review process established by President Obama. He was repatriated to Saudi Arabia on June 12, 2009.
Habeas corpus petition.
Carol Rosenberg, writing in the "Miami Herald", reported that Zuhair's June 12, 2009 repatriation came shortly before the Department of Justice would be called upon to defend his continued detention during consideration of his habeas corpus petition.
Zuhair's lawyers have filed an extensive refutation of the government's allegations in court. They argue that the allegations against Zuhair are baseless:
Zuhair's lawyers point out that the type of intelligence document extensively relied upon to justify his detention almost always carry the legend "WARNING: INFORMATION REPORT, NOT FINALLY EVALUATED INTELLIGENCE" and are used to circulate possible leads, rather than verified information.
Although most of the tortured-based evidence in the case remained classified, Zuhair's attorneys also produced an unclassified declaration from Sa'd Iqbal Madani, a victim of rendition and torture in Egypt and Afghanistan. In it, Madani described how, in order to avoid further mistreatment, he made false statements at Bagram that interrogators used to link Zuhair to the Cole bombing.
Other detainees who were held at Bagram, including Mamdouh Habib and Moazzam Begg, also attested to the torture that Madani experienced.
Zuhair's attorneys also attacked the government's allegations directly. Most importantly they demonstrate that despite investigations of the murder of William Jefferson by Bosnian police, the United Nations, and the FBI, Zuhair was never charged as a suspect. Moreover, Bosnian authorities issued an arrest warrant for another man, Fa'iz al-Shanbari, for the murder in 1998. A comprehensive 200-page investigation by the UN did not even mention Zuhair.
Zuhair's attorneys conclude:
Hunger strike.
In May 2008 the "Gulf News" reported that Zuhair and Abdul Rahman Shalabi are the two remaining captives who have been on the hunger strike that started in August 2005.
On 25 October 2008 the "Associated Press" reported that new documents, documenting Guantanamo guards struggles to force-feed Zuhair had recently been filed in court.
According to the report:
Joint Task Force Guantanamo guard force commander Colonel Bruce Vargo offering the justification for the use of force, stated:
According to an affidavit filed by Ramzi Kassem, one of his attorneys, official records document that between August and October Zuhair lost over 16 kilograms, dropping to under 45 kilograms.
Kassem's affidavit stated that when he last visited Zuhair, in mid November, he kept vomiting uncontrollably, because he was allergic to the liquid food substitute used during his force-feedings.
Pauline Storum, a Joint Task Force Guantanamo spokesmen, stated that camp authorities monitored the captives' health closely.
US District Court Judge Emmet Sullivan ordered an independent medical examination for Zuhair.
On March 17, 2009, Ben Fox, writing for the "Associated Press" quoted a court statement filed by Colonel Bruce Vargo, commander of the camp's guard force, who explained that camp authorities could not agree to move Zuhair to the Camp 4, due to his history of infractions of the camp rules. 
He stated it would set a bad precedent, and that other captives held in camp 6 might follow his example, so that they too could be moved ot camp 4.
Vargo's statement acknowledged that the camp's riot squad was routinely called upon to extract Zuhair from his cell for his twice-daily force-feedings. 
His statement said Zuhair had committed 80 infractions of the camp rules in the last four months.
Vargo stated that Zuhair currently weighed 114 pounds, down from 137 pounds in August 2008.
After his repatriation to Saudi Arabia on June 12, 2009 Carol Rosenberg, writing in the "Miami Herald", reported that Zuhair had been the longest lasting hunger striker, whose hunger strike had lasted 1450 days.
Death threats.
Zuhair wrote a letter to his attorneys on July 18, 2008 stating that Guantanamo guards had searched his cell, confiscated some of his correspondence with his attorneys, and threatened to kill him if he did not drop his habeas petition. Judge Emmet G. Sullivan ordered the guards involved to submit sworn declarations to the court detailing their responses to the allegations, the first time a judge had done so in a Guantanamo-related case.
Repatriation.
Zuhair and two other Saudis, Abdelaziz Kareem Salim al-Noofayee and Khalid Saad Mohammed, were repatriated to Saudi Arabia on June 12, 2009.
"Fox News" reported that Zuhair: ""had been implicated in the murder of an American.""
Saudi security officials have stated that the three men were allowed to meet with their families, shortly after their repatriation.
Security officials said the three men were then taken to an undisclosed location for interrogation.
The three men would go through the same Saudi jihadist rehabilitation program as other repatriated captives, even though some former captives have back-slid to supporting jihadism following their release.
Admission of Insufficient Evidence.
During a hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee on June 17, 2009, Attorney General Eric Holder publicly admitted that Zuhair had been cleared for transfer from Guantanamo by both administrations because "there was no sufficient proof to bring a case" against him.

</doc>
<doc id="18837324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837324" title="Alekseyevka, Azerbaijan">
Alekseyevka, Azerbaijan

Alekseyevka, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18837330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837330" title="Qarapapaq">
Qarapapaq

Qarapapaq (also, Karapapakh) is a village and municipality in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,750. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837332" title="Yenigün">
Yenigün

Yenigün (also, Yenigyun) is a village in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Xətai.

</doc>
<doc id="18837333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837333" title="Qarahəsənli, Agstafa">
Qarahəsənli, Agstafa

Qarahəsənli (also, Karagasanli and Karagasanly) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,267. The municipality consists of the villages of Qarahəsənli and Mollacəfərli.

</doc>
<doc id="18837349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837349" title="Köhnəqışlaq, Agstafa">
Köhnəqışlaq, Agstafa

Köhnəqışlaq (also, Köhnə Qışlaq and Këgnakyshlak) is a village in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Tatlı.

</doc>
<doc id="18837355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837355" title="Tatlı, Agstafa">
Tatlı, Agstafa

Tatlı (also, Tatlu and Tatly) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,765. The municipality consists of the villages of Tatlı, Köhnəqışlaq, and Yaradullu.

</doc>
<doc id="18837357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837357" title="Köçəsgər">
Köçəsgər

Köçəsgər (also, Köçəskər, Kechasker, and Köçäsgär) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 5,223. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837359" title="Cebuano grammar">
Cebuano grammar

Cebuano grammar is the set of structural rules that govern the composition of clauses, phrases, and words in the Cebuano language, spoken in the southern Philippines.
Pronouns.
Personal Pronouns.
Pronouns are inflected for person, number and case. No gender distinctions are made for the third person singular: "he" and "she" are both translated in Cebuano as "siya".
The three cases are absolutive, ergative and oblique.
Usage of full and short forms.
The short forms are used most often in conversation. However, the full forms "must" be used when they occur on their own as a predicate. 
Examples (Those marked with an asterisk, "*", are ungrammatical):
But...
First Person Plural: Clusivity.
In Cebuano, like most other Austronesian languages, the first person plural forms encode clusivity. This distinction, not found in most European languages, signifies whether or not the addressee is included.
Examples:
Demonstratives.
Cebuano demonstratives are as follows:
† Although not represented in the orthography, forms in this row end in a glottal stop:<br>kana /kanaˀ/, na /naˀ/, niana /niˀanaˀ/, nganha /ŋanhaˀ/, diha /dihaˀ/, dinha /dinhaˀ/.
Examples:
Adverbs.
Deictics.
Deictics, words such as "here" and "there", reference locations between the speaker and addressee. In addition to the same four-way distinction of proximity for demonstratives ("near speaker", "near speaker and addressee", "near addressee" and "remote"), deictics can express three tenses:
The present and future tense forms can precede or follow the words or phrases they modify by linking with nga. The past tense forms, however, only have a past meaning if they precede their words or phrases. If they follow, they convey no tense. 
The 'ng-' forms are always tenseless. They follow the words or phrases they modify and can substitute equivalent past forms. In addition, they show movement or motion to the relative location which past forms cannot. 
† Forms in this row end in a glottal stop:<br>naa /naˀaˀ/, anaa /ˀanaˀaˀ/, diha /dihaˀ/, dinha /dinhaˀ/, anha /ˀanhaˀ/, diha /dihaˀ/, dinha /dinhaˀ/, nganha /ŋanhaˀ/.
Examples:
Nouns.
Cebuano nouns fall into of two classes: personal and general. Personal nouns refer to persons or personified objects and animals and names. All other nouns fall into the general category. Nouns do not inflect for case or number: Case is shown using case markers; the plural number is show with the particle mga.
Case.
Cebuano nouns assume three cases based on their role in a sentence:
The use of sa VS. og in the oblique case is a matter of definiteness when the noun is the object of an actor-focus verb. Compare the following examples.
In example sentence 1, the car that John bought is particular. It may have been a car he was thinking about buying or one that the speaker was selling John. In 2, the speaker may or may not know the specifics about the car in question.
Number.
Plurality is shown by preceding the noun with the particle mga /maŋa/.
1. Adding the prefix 'ka-' before and the suffix '-an' can pluralize a noun (the suffix '-han' is used if the root word ends with a vowel). This word treatment is used to group what are considered identical objects as one entity.
(e.g.) "libot" which is regularly used as a verb meaning "to go around" but in this case as a noun meaning "surrounding" (as in "palibot") can be changed to "KAlibutAN" which means "world" (or 'the entire surroundings'). Ba aware that the vowel "o" was changed to "u" after the pluralization. 
(e.g.) "tawo" which means "man" or 'person" can be changed to "KAtawHAN" which means "men" or "people". Be aware that the vowel "o" was omitted in this case because the "w" carries the sound of "o" by itself.
other examples: "balay" (house): "kabalayan" (houses)
QUESTION: IS IT ALRIGHT TO STILL USE "MGA" BEFORE A WORD WHERE "KA-AN" IS APPLIED?
ANSWER: Although it is tolerable in some cases, the use of "mga" before a noun applied with "ka-an" is not necessary anymore. example: "ang mga kabataan" (the children) is considered with redundancy, instead say "ang kabataan" which is more grammatically accurate.
CAUTIONS: Because the use of "KA-AN" groups objects into one entity, there are cases that a word will mean a place of which the objects are frequently or usually found/exist. Example: :"KAsagingAN" (from the root word "saging" (banana)) does not mean 'BANANAS', instead it means 'a place of bananas' or simply 'banana farm'.
2. There is this very rare case of which an adjective can be pluralized and the noun it described can be, but not necessarily, omitted.
Example: the word "gamay" ('small') can be changed to "gaGmay" ('small ones')in which "g" was inserted in between. The same can be applied to "dako" which means 'big', changing it to "dagko" (big ones).
Other words I can think of:
"ta-as" (long): "tag-as" (long ones), this word is correctly spelled as "taas", I just put a hyphen because it is read as "/ta - as/" not with a long "a". Same with other examples
"mubo" (short): "mugbo" (short ones)
"layo" (far): "lagyo" (far ones)
"du-ol" (near): "dug-ol" (near ones)
Note: this cannot be applied to all adjectives
Gender.
As a rule, Cebuano does not categorize nouns into gender.
Natural gender in Spanish loans.
Adjectives.
Plural Forms.
Adjectives do not inflect for the plural. Common adjectives of measurement, however, have a plural form characterized by the infixation of /g/. 
Comparative.
In comparing two similar items, the comparative form indicates that one has a higher degree (or lower degree) of the quality expressed by the root, e.g., "bigger", "smaller", "greater", etc.
The comparative degree is expressed in the following ways:
Examples:
Comparative Superlative.
The comparative superlative indicates the maximum degree of the quality expressed in comparison to other items. In Cebuano this degree can be expressed by a prefix, pinaka-
or by the use of the particle labi ("most").
Absolute Superlative.
The absolute superlative is the form used in exclamations, for example, ""How pretty you are!"", and denote the extreme quality of the root.
It is formed by prefixing Pagka- or Ka- (short form) to the root. The subject follows in the "oblique".
Examples:
Intensive.
To express intensity, adjectives are followed by 'kaayo' ("very").
Examples:
Linkers.
Nga.
The linker nga (pronounced /ŋa/) shows the relationship between modifiers to the head of the phrase. Examples of such relationships are adjective-noun, clause-noun, adverb-verb, adverb-adjective and noun-noun. Without the intervening linker, juxtaposition of modifier and head can constitute, not a phrase, but a sentence unto itself. 
Compare the phrase "ang batang lalaki" "the/a young man/boy" and the sentence "ang bata lalaki" "the child is male" or "the child is a boy".
After words that end in a monophthong, diphthong or "-n", nga is reduced to -ng /-ŋ/.
Unlike Tagalog, nga is not used with numbers; ka below is used instead.
Ka.
The linker ka is used to link a number and the phrase it modifies. Buok "whole" is sometimes used with ka.
Enclitic particles.
"Na" and "pa" are not used in the same sentence.
Interrogatives.
The word "asa" and "hain":
"Asa" and "hain"—both mean "where"—have distinct uses in formal Cebuano usage.
"Asa" is used when asking about a place.
"Hain" is used when asking about a food or thing.
In spoken Cebuano, however, "asa" is commonly used to replace "hain". You rarely hear "hain" being used, except by older generations of Cebuano-speakers.
Verbs.
The functionalist school of grammar maintains that Cebuano verbs have no tense but rather aspect, specifically the aspect of inception; that is whether the action has been initiated or not. The aspect of completion is not readily shown by verbs in Cebuano.
There are only two aspects: the nasugdan (incepted) aspect and the pagasugdan (expected) aspect.
Past actions are basically in the "nasugdan" aspect. Present actions are in the "nasugdan" aspect too unless they are habitual actions.
Habitual actions and future actions are in the to be "pagasugdan" aspect.
Examples of nasugdan aspect:
Past actions
1. The carpenters have begun building the house.
The act had been started in the past, therefore the Cebuano translation is:
"Ang mga mamamanday/panday nagsugod na ug tukod sa balay."
2. It is finished.
The act had been started in the past therefore the Cebuano translation is:
"Nahuman na gyud." 
Present actions
1. "I am going to the kitchen".
The act has been started before the statement is spoken, therefore the Cebuano translation is:
"Nagpadulong ko sa kusina."
2. "I am washing the dishes".
The act has been started before the statement is spoken, therefore the Cebuano translation is:
"Naghugas/Nanghugas ko sa plato."
Examples of pagasugdan aspect:
Future actions
1. "The President of the Philippines has won."
The act has not happened yet, therefore it has not yet started:
"Nakadaug ang Presidente sa Pilipinas".
2. "Nagsugod na ang eskwela".
The act has not happened yet, therefore it has not yet started:
"The school have started".
Habitual actions
1. "The people from the province go to the city to work."
Although the act had already happened, she will still have to start the same act again and again (every morning) so the act itself is still to be started or pagasugdan pa and therefore:
"Ang mga tawo sa probinsiya moadto sa syudad para motrabaho."
2. "How much is the cigarette?" 
Although the act had already happened,she will still have to start the same act again and again (always) so the act itself is still to be started or pagasugdan pa and therefore:
"Tagpila ang sigarilyo?"
Syntax.
Sentences.
1) equational ( topic = predicate ) 
~ in this sentence type you can interchange the topic and the predicate without changing the thought of the sentence.
2) non-equational ( topic < predicate )
~ in this sentence type the topic and the predicate are not interchangeable.
3) existential sentence of presence
~ sentences of this type tells the existence of a thing or idea.
4) existential sentence of possession
~ sentences of this type tell about someone or something possessing something.
5) locative sentence
~ this type of sentence tells the location of a thing.
6) meteorologic sentence
~ this type of sentence tells about weather condition, noise level, etc., of a place. 
7) exclamatory remark
~ praises and unexpected discoveries belong here.
8) imperatives
~ commands and requests
9) interrogatives
~ questions that are not answerable by yes or no.
10) confirmation
~ questions that are basically answered by yes or no. constructed like the first 6 sentence type with the insertion of the particle "ba" as a second term.

</doc>
<doc id="18837361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837361" title="Eynallı">
Eynallı

Eynallı (also, Eynally) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,284. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837365" title="Həsənsu">
Həsənsu

Həsənsu (also, Alekseyevka, Kirovkənd, and Kirovka) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,841. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837366" title="Qırılı">
Qırılı

Qırılı (also, Kyryly) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,810. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837369" title="Vurğun">
Vurğun

Vurğun (also, Grünfeld, Kalininkänd, and Kalininkend) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,710. Founded as the German colony of Grünfeld, the town was renamed during the Soviet period for Mikhail Kalinin, and afterward in 1991, in honor of the writer Samad Vurgun.

</doc>
<doc id="18837381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837381" title="Battleship Chains">
Battleship Chains

"Battleship Chains" is a song written by Terry Anderson and made famous by the band the Georgia Satellites in 1986. Appearing on their debut album, It reached number 86 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song also appeared on the album "Hindu Love Gods" by the band Hindu Love Gods, a collaboration between members of R.E.M. and Warren Zevon.
The song also features on The Wildhearts covers album "Stop Us If You've Heard This One Before Vol 1."
Izzy Stradlin has also covered this song when playing live with Rick Richards.

</doc>
<doc id="18837385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837385" title="Dağ Kəsəmən">
Dağ Kəsəmən

Dağ Kəsəmən (also, Dagkesaman) is a village and the most populous municipality, except for the capital Ağstafa, in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 6,866. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837387" title="Perfil">
Perfil

Perfil is an Argentine tabloid newspaper based in Buenos Aires.
History.
The newspaper was first launched by Jorge Fontevecchia on 9 May 1998 as a daily newspaper, but poor sales forced its closure on 31 July of the same year.
"Perfil" was relaunched on 11 September 2005 as a weekly newspaper, published on the day of highest sales, Sundays. The expectation was that after building a reader base they would be able to add a new edition on Saturdays, and finally become a daily newspaper again.
It is currently published on weekends, and has an online edition which is updated every day. In addition, the Sunday edition includes the women's magazine "Luz".
Features.
Like many European newspapers it includes a section called the "Reader's Ombudsman", with the responsibility of maintaining the newspaper's reputation. Abel González was the first ombudsman in 1998. From 2005 until 15 December 2007, the journalist and neurologist Nelson Castro held that position. Andrew Graham-Yooll, formerly the chief editor of the Buenos Aires Herald, is the current ombudsman.
Editorial line.
"Perfil"'s slogan is "Periodismo puro" (Spanish: "pure journalism"). Jorge Fontevecchia said that "Pure or technical journalism is always critical, like American 'watchdog' journalism". Despite the implication of total objectivity, the newspaper is strongly critical of the national government. Many of the articles, both in the printed edition and on the website, focus on critics of the government and of President Cristina Fernández. 
Editorial Perfil is one of a number of publishing companies which do not receive any official governmental advertisements. It has claimed that the official distribution of advertising monies is "discriminatory" and a "method of persecution and exclusion" of critical media.

</doc>
<doc id="18837390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837390" title="Aşağı Kəsəmən">
Aşağı Kəsəmən

Aşağı Kəsəmən (also, İskra, Yenikänd, Yenikend, and Yerikend) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,596. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837393" title="Düzqışlaq, Agstafa">
Düzqışlaq, Agstafa

Düzqışlaq (also, Dyuzkhshlak, Dyuz-Kyshlag, and Dyuzkyshlak) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,075. The municipality consists of the villages of Düzqışlaq and Kolayır.

</doc>
<doc id="18837398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837398" title="Şəkərli, Agstafa">
Şəkərli, Agstafa

Şəkərli (also, Shakarly) is a village in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Poylu.

</doc>
<doc id="18837400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837400" title="Zəlimxan">
Zəlimxan

Zəlimxan (also, Zelimkhan) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,163. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837403" title="Xılxına">
Xılxına

Xılxına (also, Khyikhyna and Khylkhyna) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,306. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837407" title="Kolxəlfəli">
Kolxəlfəli

Kolxəlfəli (also, Këlkhalfali and Kel-Khalfaly) is a village in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Pirili.

</doc>
<doc id="18837411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837411" title="Orta Salahlı, Agstafa">
Orta Salahlı, Agstafa

Orta Salahlı (also, Orta-Salakhly) is a village in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18837414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837414" title="Muktaphala">
Muktaphala

The muktaphala or muktā-phala is a plant, also known as the cobra lily, of the genus "Arisaema". It is also known as the 'liberating fruit' and the 'pearl fruit.
Somewhat similar in appearance to a husked maize ear, the berry is strongly psychoactive, and is highly favored in Nepal as a means of creating visionary trips. The rhizome of "Arisaema utile" is used against cancer, possessing "anti-proliferative activity ... to prevent cancer".

</doc>
<doc id="18837415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837415" title="Orta Salahlı">
Orta Salahlı

Orta Salahlı or Orta-Salakhly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18837421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837421" title="Qıraq Kəsəmən">
Qıraq Kəsəmən

Qıraq Kəsəmən (also, Ashaga Kyrakhkesaman, Krakhkesaman, and Kyrakh Kesaman) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,880. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837427" title="Saloğlu">
Saloğlu

Saloğlu (also, Saloghly and Salogly) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,581. The municipality consists of the villages of Saloğlu and Ceyrançöl.

</doc>
<doc id="18837431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837431" title="Ricky Berens">
Ricky Berens

Richard Berens (born April 21, 1988) is an American swimmer and two-time Olympic gold medalist. As part of the American team, he holds the world record in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay (long course). He competed in the 4x100-meter and 4x200-meter freestyle relay events, as well as the individual 200-meter freestyle at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Early years.
Berens was born in Charlotte, North Carolina. After graduating from South Mecklenburg High School, he attended the University of Texas at Austin, and swam for coach Eddie Reese's Texas Longhorns swimming and diving team 2007 to 2010. He graduated from the University of Texas with a bachelor's degree in finance in 2010, and relocated to Los Angeles shortly thereafter to train with coach Dave Salo at Trojan Aquatics.
International career.
At the 2007 Pan American Games, Berens won a gold medal in the 4×100-meter medley relay, and silver medals in both the 4×100-meter freestyle and 4×200-meter freestyle relays.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics, Berens won the gold medal in the men's 4×200-meter freestyle relay with Michael Phelps, Ryan Lochte, and Peter Vanderkaay, setting a new world record of 6:58.56. Berens swam the third leg in a relay split time of 1:46.29. Berens was the only member of the finals team to swim in the preliminary heats, posting a time of 1:45.47, just faster than Klete Keller's 1:45.51, to be selected to swim in the final.
Berens swam the third leg of the 4×100-meter freestyle preliminaries at the 2009 World Championships in Rome and earned a gold medal when the U.S. team placed first in the final. Berens also swam in both the preliminaries and final of the 4×200-meter freestyle, which won gold. In the final, Berens swam the second leg in 1:44.13, the second fastest split from anyone in the event.
Berens was also a part of the winning U.S. 4x200-meter freestyle relay teams at the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships and the 2011 World Championships.
At the 2011 Duel in the Pool, a short course meet featuring the United States and European "All-Stars", Berens won both the 100-meter and 200-meter freestyle events.
At the 2012 United States Olympic Trials, the qualifying meet for the 2012 Olympics, Berens made his second Olympic team by finishing fourth in the 100-meter freestyle and third in the 200-meter freestyle, qualifying him to swim in the 4x100-meter freestyle relay and the 4x200-meter freestyle relay, respectively. Although Berens did not qualify to swim in any individual events, Bob Bowman, Michael Phelps's coach, revealed on Twitter that Phelps, who came in first in the 200-meter freestyle, would be scratching the race from his Olympic program, giving the third place Berens a chance to swim his first individual Olympic event.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Berens again won a gold medal in the men's 4×200-meter freestyle relay, together with Ryan Lochte, Conor Dwyer and Michael Phelps. Berens swam the third leg for the U.S. team in 1:45.27. He also won a silver medal as part of the second-place U.S. team for the men's 4×100-meter freestyle relay, in which he swam the third leg of the heat in 48.52.
After the final of the 4x200-meter event, Berens stated that he would retire from competitive swimming following the Olympics.
After seven weeks, Berens came out of retirement and returned to the swimming stage. At the 2013 American Short Course Championships, he broke the American record in the 200 yard freestyle (1:31.31), taking his split from the 500 yard freestyle. At the 2013 United States National Championships, Berens finished 5th place in both the 100 meter freestyle and the 200 meter freestyle, qualifying him to swim in the 4 x 100 meter freestyle relay and 4 x 200 meter freestyle relay. 
At the 2013 World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona, Berens combined with Conor Dwyer, Ryan Lochte, and Charlie Houchin in the 4x200-meter freestyle relay, with the team finishing in first place for the gold medal. Swimming the anchor leg, Berens recorded a split of 1:45.39, and the team finished with a final time of 7:01.72.
In November 2013, Berens officially retires for a second time.
Sponsorships and media coverage.
In 2008, Berens was interviewed on "The Today Show" in Beijing after winning gold in the 4x200 m freestyle relay. In 2009 he made an appearance on "The Tyra Banks Show", poking fun at himself after a swimsuit malfunction at the 2009 World Championships. In 2011, Berens (alongside his dog) was featured in a print advertisement for Eukanuba that ran in "Men's Journal" magazine. Berens was also featured in a print advertisement for a Casio watch, which ran in the December 2011 issue of "Details" magazine.
Berens is sponsored by TYR Swimwear. He is also sponsored by BMW's Pro Performance Team and appears in the "Got Milk?" chocolate milk campaign. Berens is represented by Octagon.

</doc>
<doc id="18837433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837433" title="Köçvəlili">
Köçvəlili

Köçvəlili (also, Kechvelli, Köçvəlli, and Kochvelili) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,792. The municipality consists of the villages of Köçvəlili, Soyuqbulaq, Qarayazı, Həzi Aslanov, and Soyuqbulaqlar.

</doc>
<doc id="18837435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837435" title="Muğanlı, Agstafa">
Muğanlı, Agstafa

Muğanlı (also, Muganly) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,445. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837437" title="Hacısəmədli">
Hacısəmədli

Hacısəmədli (also, Hacısamədli and Gadzhysamedli) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 431. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837483" title="Hacıqədirli, Agsu">
Hacıqədirli, Agsu

Hacıqədirli (also, Gadzhi-Kadyrli, Gadzhykadirli, and Saran-Khadzhi-Kadyr) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 298. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837499" title="Hacıqədirli">
Hacıqədirli

Hacıqədirli or Gadzhi-Kadyrli or Gadzhi-Kadirli or Gadzhykadirli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18837507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837507" title="Bertemu">
Bertemu

bertemu is the 8th studio album by Megumi Hayashibara. Many of the songs on the album are from the Anime series Neon Genesis Evangelion and Slayers. The lyrics for several of the songs were written by Hayashibara under the pen name MEGUMI. The album was released in two editions, a regular edition and a limited edition with cardboard sleeve and hardcover photobook. The album reached Number 3 on the Oricon music charts. It has also been reissued on at least one occasion. 

</doc>
<doc id="18837508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837508" title="Zərdab, Agsu">
Zərdab, Agsu

Zərdab (also, Zardob) is a village in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18837514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837514" title="Donald Innis">
Donald Innis

Donald Alywn Innis, (born in 1931 in Olean, New York), is an American architect based in San Diego, California. Innis is also an inventor and engineer and has pioneered the idea of floating real estate, specifically the notion of a floating airport using pneumatic stabilized platform (PSP) technology which he has developed and patented through his company, Float Incorporated. 
Innis designed several notable San Diego landmarks, including the 1970s remodeling of the San Diego Broadway Pier (one of the first pier designs to make use of significant above water landscaping and greenery), the master plan for the San Diego Embarcadero, and Terminal One of the San Diego International airport. He is a long-standing member of the American Institute of Architects.
Biography.
Early life.
Innis is the middle son of Greta Matson Innis (Swedish-American, b. 07/08/1905, d. 05/05/1965) and Alwyn Osman Innis (American, b. 03/04/1896, d. 12/20/1974). His father Alwyn was an American-born RCAF squadron leader during WWII and a young American foreign exchange fighter pilot for the RFC's No. 46 Squadron during World War I in England from 1917 through 1918. Alwyn Osman Innis had trained at Canada's RFC camp at Bourden before being commissioned and sent to England. A.O. Innis returned to the U.S. when he left the RFC (then the RAF) in 1919 as a Second Lieutenant to become vice president and general manager of the Columbus Aviation Company.
Early career.
In 1949 at age 18, Donald A. Innis attended the University of Illinois in Chicago for one year before becoming a salesman and taking part in the racing of midget cars for Four Wheels Inc. (a Chicago auto leasing firm). Innis would race midget and stock cars on the quarter mile track at Soldier Field in downtown Chicago and would sell used cars for the company. Innis then moved to Tucson, where he briefly attended the University of Arizona.
Innis worked for Chicago architect Maurice Webster, (b Sept. 20, 1892; d May 17, 1982, Evanston, IL.) who with architect Alfred P. Allen designed Chicago's Sky Harbor Airport, which had originally opened in 1929 just north of Chicago. Webster also designed Stronghold Castle, a replica of a European castle which was built by Walter Strong, then publisher of the Chicago Daily News. It is now a conference center owned by the local presbytery of the Presbyterian Church.
Innis later moved to California with his younger brother, artist and writer W. Joe Innis. Impressed by the look and the scope of the beautiful San Francisco horizon, Innis settled in the Bay Area. In California, Innis went to work for Falkon Booth architects in San Francisco. Innis worked his way up the ladder quickly at Falkon Booth, becoming a draftsman and then drafting designer, when around 1956 he received notice that he had been drafted by the U. S. Army for two different service calls. Innis had previously served seven and a half years in the Navy Reserve, beginning shortly after high school. While a Navy reservist working on airplanes, Innis accidentally fell off a wing of an airplane, injured his back and was unable to continue to serve. Somehow the proper paper work was not filed and Innis was unable to get a medical discharge from the Navy. The orders for Innis to return to duty came from the Army looking for recruits for the front line of the army infantry and (in a technical mishap) a duplicate order requesting Innis' presence on an Army operated cable ship in Alaska by the U.S. Army Signal Corp's Alaska Communications System (ACS). Innis chose to honor the request to ship to Alaska and oversaw the laying of thousands of miles of the first military submarine telephone communication cables across the ocean using secret military charts aboard the wooden-hulled self-propelled barge, the cable ship Col. Basil O. Lenoir. Innis' top secret job required him to enter a room "like Oz" and close curtains around him while he read the secret charts of where U.S. military communications cables would be laid at sea.
After serving in the Signal Corps, Innis obtained an early release and entered U.C. Berkeley's architecture program in 1958. While studying at Berkeley, Innis taught sailing at the U.C. Berkeley sailing club at Berkeley Yacht Harbor and often sailed with Hans Albert Einstein (son of physicist Albert Einstein), a professor of hydraulic engineering, who was teaching at the university at the time. Innis graduated from Cal in 1961.
Career highlights.
In 1961 Innis moved to Southern California, where he was joined by his parents. That same year he joined the San Diego based architecture firm of Paderewski Mitchell and Dean, AIA, as chief designer. While working for C. J. "Pat" Paderewski, Innis was in charge of designing the current Terminal One at the San Diego Airport (constructed in 1967). Paderewski (called San Diego's "Mr. Architect") Paderewski had designed the first exterior all-glass elevator for San Diego's El Cortez hotel (the elevator has since been demolished). Paderewski was then president of the San Diego Chapter of the American Institute of Architects, which Innis would also later head. 
In 1965, Innis decided to form his own firm, Donald Innis & Associates. In 1966 Innis submitted the winning proposal in a competition for a design for new Balboa Park arcades, a design featuring simple arches. However, the arcades were never built using Innis' design; the job was awarded to another architect many years later.
A year later, Innis was joined by fellow architect Dave Tennebaum, and the firm was renamed Innis-Tennebaum Architects Inc., AIA. For more than three decades Innis-Tennebaum Architects specialized in military contracts and the building of elementary schools, residential, commercial and other architectural projects. Noteworthy projects in and around San Diego included the original Del Mar's Flower Hill Mall (built in 1977 for the Fletcher family) which included an underground restaurant, East Village Mall (Rancho Santa Fe), a total overhaul and remodeling of the historic Broadway Pier adding new innovative structures (and preserving the view of the bay all the way down Broadway Street), The Harbor Seafood Mart at the Embarcadero, and the redesign of the Red Sails Inn on Shelter Island.
In 1992, Innis retired from Innis-Tennebaum to create Float Inc. and pursue his dream project of a floating airport.
Floating Airport.
Forty years earlier while designing Terminal One of San Diego's airport, Innis realized that the airport could not expand to meet future needs while at its current location. The new site would need to be close to the current airport and population centers and accessible. There was only one answer. It would need to be built on the water. To achieve a platform large enough to operate an international airport (about 1,200 acres), the technology needed to be invented to float that kind of structure. A concrete structure using air for buoyancy became the PSP patent. In 1992, Float, Incorporated was founded by Innis and three partners to develop this plan. The PSP technology Innis invented uses air movement to reduce wave loads and distribute them through the platform, a platform that could be used to house offshore airports, oil and gas production facilities, floating islands, military bases, and additional real estate for coastal cities. The technology enables the platform to extract energy from ocean waves to create electricity and is less costly than most currently used large open ocean platforms.
From 1993-2000, the Naval Surface Warfare Center Carderock Division took an interest in the PSP's potential to serve as a floating military base and awarded Float Inc. a $1.5 million contract with the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (DARPA) in August 1995 to test PSP. Extensive numerical modeling was performed along with two series of wave tank tests. The second series of tests at 1/48th scale was focused on air exchange. A final scientific report on the test results was submitted to the Office of Naval Research (ONR) in December 2000.
The floating airport for San Diego has been dismissed as "outlandish", "logistically ludicrous", "impractical" and "expensive". The idea has not found favor with San Diego authorities, although Innis and his associates at Float Inc. continue to pursue the idea.
Personal life.
On July 5, 1962, Innis married teacher and flower designer, Virginia Maples (formerly Pasto). He helped raise her two sons from a previous marriage, John and Jim Pasto, who were teenagers at the time. The couple had three children of their own, Christina Jean Innis, Donald Innis Jr., and Cynthia Ona Innis. Virginia Innis died in February 2007 from injuries resulting from a single car accident in Point Loma, San Diego. She is buried at El Camino Memorial Park in San Diego.
Don Innis still resides in San Diego and continues his passion for sailing. He is a longtime member of the San Diego Yacht Club. Innis continues to work every day at Float Inc. striving to realize the dream of a floating airport and/or floating real estate.

</doc>
<doc id="18837524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837524" title="Megumi (actress)">
Megumi (actress)

, better known by the stage name , is a Japanese tarento, actress, singer and gravure idol. She was raised in Kurashiki, Okayama, but was born in Matsue, Shimane. She is currently affiliated with Suns Entertainment. She dropped out of Kurashiki Suishō Senior High School (at the time an all-girls school).
Personal life.
In July 2008, after discovering she was pregnant, Megumi married Dragon Ash lead singer Kenji Furuuya, whom she had been dating since 2005.
On 6 February 2009, Megumi gave birth to their first child, a son, who weighed in at 3 kg. Megumi's career is on hold for the foreseeable future.

</doc>
<doc id="18837532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837532" title="Zərdab (disambiguation)">
Zərdab (disambiguation)

Zərdab may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18837539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837539" title="Miss Colombia 1999">
Miss Colombia 1999

Miss Colombia 1999, the 64th Miss Colombia pageant, was held in Cartagena de Indias, Colombia, on November 12, 1999, after three weeks of events. The winner of the pageant was Catalina Inés Acosta Albarracín, Señorita Cundinamarca.
The pageant was broadcast live on RCN TV from the Centro de Convenciones Julio Cesar Turbay in Cartagena de Indias, Colombia. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, outgoing titleholder Marianella Maal Paccini crowned Catalina Inés Acosta Albarracín of Cundinamarca as the new Miss Colombia. 
Results.
The runners-up were:
Delegates.
The Miss Colombia 1999 delegates are:

</doc>
<doc id="18837540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837540" title="Qasımbəyli, Agsu">
Qasımbəyli, Agsu

Qasımbeyli (also, Kasumbeyli and Kasymbeyli) is a village in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Ərəbmehdibəy.

</doc>
<doc id="18837541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837541" title="Twiga Cement">
Twiga Cement

Twiga Cement "(TPCC)" is a Tanzanian company that manufactures portland cement. Twiga's cement is produced in grades of Twiga Ordinary and Twiga Extra.
History.
The company was founded in 1959 as Tanzania Portland Cement Company, producing its first bag of cement in mid-1966, in association with Tanzania Development Corporation and Cementia AG of Switzerland. Major cement-producing facilities at Wazo Hill in Dar es Salaam went online in 1966. In 1973 the company was nationalized with the government of Tanzania owning 100% of shares. In 1998 the company was reprivatized by the government, Scancem of Norway and Swedfund. By 2005 Twiga was a part of Heidelberg Cement Africa, of which Scancem is subsidiary.
Location.
The Twiga cement factory is located about 30 km northwest of Dar es Salaam. Offices are located in Dar es Salaam.
Listing.
The company is listed on the Dar es Salaam Stock Exchange under the symbol TWIGA.
Competition.
Other major cement producers of Tanzania include:

</doc>
<doc id="18837544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18837544" title="Dəlilər, Agsu">
Dəlilər, Agsu

Dəlilər (also, Dəllər, Dallyar, and Dollyar) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 86. 

</doc>
