<doc id="18938721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938721" title="William Rehnquist">
William Rehnquist

William Hubbs Rehnquist (October 1, 1924 – September 3, 2005) was an American lawyer, jurist, and political figure who served as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States and later as the 16th Chief Justice of the United States. Considered a conservative, Rehnquist favored a conception of federalism that emphasized the Tenth Amendment's reservation of powers to the states. Under this view of federalism, the Supreme Court of the United States, for the first time since the 1930s, struck down an Act of Congress as exceeding its power under the Commerce Clause.
Rehnquist served as Chief Justice for nearly 19 years, making him the fourth-longest-serving Chief Justice after John Marshall, Roger Taney, and Melville Fuller, and the longest-serving Chief Justice who had previously served as an Associate Justice. The last 11 years of Rehnquist's term as Chief Justice (1994–2005) marked the second-longest tenure of a single unchanging roster of the Supreme Court, exceeded only between February 1812 and September 1823. He is the eighth longest-serving justice in Supreme Court history.
Early life.
Rehnquist was born William Donald Rehnquist in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, on October 1, 1924. He grew up in the suburb of Shorewood. His father, William Benjamin Rehnquist, was a sales manager at various times for printing equipment, paper, and medical supplies and devises; his mother, Margery Peck Rehnquist (the daughter of a local hardware store owner who also served as an officer and director of a small insurance company), was a local civic activist, as well as translator and homemaker. Rehnquist changed his middle name to Hubbs, a family name, because a numerologist told his mother he would be successful with a middle initial of H.
His paternal grandparents immigrated from Sweden.
Rehnquist graduated from Shorewood High School in 1942. He attended Kenyon College, in Gambier, Ohio, for one quarter in the fall of 1942, before entering the U.S. Army Air Forces. He served from March 1943 – 1946, mostly in assignments in the United States. He was put into a pre-meteorology program and assigned to Denison University until February 1944, when the program was shut down. He served three months at Will Rogers Field in Oklahoma City, three months in Carlsbad, New Mexico, and then went to Hondo, Texas for a few months. He was then chosen for another training program, which began at Chanute Field, Illinois, and ended at Fort Monmouth, New Jersey. The program was designed to teach the maintenance and repair of weather instruments. In the summer of 1945, Rehnquist went overseas as a weather observer in North Africa.
After the war ended, Rehnquist attended Stanford University with assistance under the provisions of the G.I. Bill.
In 1948, he received both a Bachelor of Arts and a Master of Arts degree in political science. In 1950, he attended Harvard University, where he received another Master of Arts, this time in government. He later returned to Stanford, and graduated from the Stanford Law School in the same class as Sandra Day O'Connor, with whom he would later serve on the Supreme Court. They briefly dated at Stanford. It has been said that Rehnquist graduated first in his class, probably based on the fact that he was class valedictorian during graduation ceremonies, but Stanford's official position is that the law school did not rank students in 1952.
Law clerk at the Supreme Court.
Rehnquist went to Washington, D.C. to work as a law clerk for Justice Robert H. Jackson during the court's 1952–1953 term. There, he wrote a memorandum arguing against federal court-ordered school desegregation while the court was considering the landmark case of "Brown v. Board of Education", which was later decided in 1954. Rehnquist's 1952 memo, entitled "A Random Thought on the Segregation Cases", defended the "separate-but-equal" doctrine. In that memo, Rehnquist said: 
In both his 1971 hearing for Associate Justice and his 1986 hearing for Chief Justice of the United States, Rehnquist alleged that the memorandum reflected the views of Justice Jackson rather than his own views. Rehnquist said, "I believe that the memorandum was prepared by me as a statement of Justice Jackson's tentative views for his own use." Elsie Douglas, long-time secretary and confidante of Justice Jackson, stated during Rehnquist's 1986 hearings that his allegation was "a smear of a great man, for whom I served as secretary for many years. Justice Jackson did not ask law clerks to express his views. He expressed his own and they expressed theirs. That is what happened in this instance."
However, the papers of Justices Douglas and Frankfurter indicate that Justice Jackson voted for "Brown" in 1954 only after changing his mind.
At his 1986 hearings for Chief Justice, Rehnquist tried to put further distance between himself and the 1952 memo: "The bald statement that 'Plessy was right and should be reaffirmed', was not an accurate reflection of my own views at the time." However, Rehnquist acknowledged defending "Plessy" in arguments with fellow law clerks.
Some commentators have concluded that the memo reflected Rehnquist's own views rather than those of Justice Jackson.
A biography on Jackson corroborates this explanation, stating that Jackson instructed his clerks to express their own views, not his.
In any event, while later serving on the Supreme Court, Rehnquist made no effort to reverse or undermine the "Brown" decision, and frequently relied upon it as precedent. Rehnquist stated in 1985 that there was a "perfectly reasonable" argument against "Brown v. Board" and in favor of "Plessy", even though he now saw the Court's decision in "Brown" as correct.
In a memorandum to Justice Jackson about "Terry v. Adams", which involved the right of blacks to vote in an allegedly private Texas election, Rehnquist wrote: 
In another memorandum to Justice Jackson regarding the same case ("Terry"), Rehnquist wrote: Nevertheless, Rehnquist recommended to Justice Jackson that the Supreme Court should agree to hear the "Terry" case.
After leaving Jackson's employ, Rehnquist wrote an article in the December 13, 1957 "U.S. News & World Report" arguing that justices' votes are influenced by their law clerks' ideologies. An empirical assessment conducted by Peppers and Zorn in 2008 supported Rehnquist's view.
Private practice.
Rehnquist moved to Phoenix, Arizona, where he was in private law practice from 1953 to 1969. He began his legal work in the firm of Denison Kitchel, subsequently the national campaign manager of the Barry M. Goldwater presidential campaign in 1964. During these years, Rehnquist was active in the Republican Party and served as a legal advisor under Kitchel to Goldwater's campaign. He collaborated with Harry Jaffa on Goldwater's speeches.
Many years later, during the 1971 hearing for Associate Justice and later during the 1986 Senate hearings on his chief justice nomination, several people came forward to complain about Rehnquist's participation in Operation Eagle Eye, a Republican attempt to discourage minority voters in Arizona elections, when Rehnquist served as a poll watcher in the early 1960s. Rehnquist denied the charges, and "Vincent Maggiore, then chairman of the Phoenix-area Democratic Party, said he had never heard any negative reports about Rehnquist's Election Day activities. 'All of these things', he said, 'would have come through me.
Justice Department.
When President Richard Nixon was elected in 1968, Rehnquist returned to work in Washington. He served as Assistant Attorney General of the Office of Legal Counsel, from 1969 to 1971. In this role, he served as the chief lawyer to Attorney General John Mitchell. President Nixon mistakenly referred to him as "Renchburg" in several of the tapes of Oval Office conversations revealed during the Watergate investigations.
Because he was well-placed in the Justice Department, Rehnquist was mentioned for many years as a possibility for the source known as Deep Throat during the Watergate scandal. Once Bob Woodward revealed on May 31, 2005, that W. Mark Felt was Deep Throat, this speculation ended. It was William Rehnquist who determined that Government National Mortgage Association guarantees constituted a full faith and credit promise of the United States.
In fall 1971, Nixon received the resignations of two Supreme Court justices, Hugo Black and John Marshall Harlan II. After compiling an initial list of possible appointees that ran afoul of Chief Justice Burger and the American Bar Association, Nixon considered Rehnquist for one of the slots. Henry Kissinger discussed the possible pick with presidential advisor H.R. Haldeman and asked. "Rehnquist is pretty far right, isn't he?" Haldeman responded, "Oh, Christ! He's way to the right of Buchanan," referring to then-presidential advisor Patrick Buchanan.
Associate Justice.
Nixon nominated Rehnquist to replace John Marshall Harlan II on the Supreme Court upon Harlan's retirement, and after being confirmed by the Senate by a 68–26 vote on December 10, 1971, Rehnquist took his seat as an Associate Justice on January 7, 1972. There were two vacancies on the court at the time; Nixon nominated Lewis Franklin Powell, Jr. to fill the other, left by the retirement of Hugo Black. Black died September 25, 1971, and Harlan died on December 29 of that year.
On the Burger Court, Rehnquist promptly established himself as the most conservative of Nixon's appointees, taking a narrow view of the Fourteenth Amendment and a broad view of state power. Rehnquist almost always voted "with the prosecution in criminal cases, with business in antitrust cases, with employers in labor cases, and with the government in speech cases." Although Rehnquist was often a lone dissenter in cases early on, his views would later often become the majority view of the Court.
Professor David Shapiro of Harvard Law School suggested that Rehnquist's votes were guided by three basic propositions:
Federalism.
For years, Rehnquist was determined to keep cases involving individual rights in state courts away from federal reach.
In 1977s "National League of Cities v. Usery", Rehnquist's majority opinion invalidated a federal law extending minimum wage and maximum hours provisions to state and local government employees. Rehnquist wrote that "this exercise of congressional authority does not comport with the federal system of government embodied in the Constitution."
As Chief Justice, Rehnquist presided over what law professor Erwin Chemerinsky has called a "federalist revolution", during which the Court limited federal power in cases such as "New York v. United States", "United States v. Lopez", "Printz v. United States", and "United States v. Morrison". Similarly, Cato Institute scholar Roger Pilon has said that "Rehnquist court has revived the doctrine of federalism . . . only at the edges and in very easy cases."
Equal protection, civil rights, and abortion.
Rehnquist rejected a broad view of the Fourteenth Amendment; he believed that it was meant only as a solution to the problems of slavery, and was misapplied when applied towards abortion rights or prisoner's rights. Rehnquist believed that the Court "had no business reflecting society's changing and expanding values" and argued that this was the domain of the Congress. Rehnquist tried to weave his view of the Amendment into his opinion for "Fitzpatrick v. Bitzer", but it was rejected by the other justices. Rehnquist later extended what he said he saw as the scope of the Amendment, writing in "Trimble v. Gordon": "except in the area of the law in which the Framers obviously meant it to apply – classifications based on race or on national origin".
Also, during the Burger Court's deliberations over "Roe v. Wade", Rehnquist promoted his view that court's jurisdiction does not apply over abortion.
He voted against the expansion of school desegregation plans and the establishment of legalized abortions, dissenting in "Roe v. Wade", . Rehnquist expressed his views about the Equal Protection Clause in cases like "Trimble v. Gordon":
Other issues.
Rehnquist consistently defended state-sanctioned prayer in public schools.
Rehnquist held a restrictive view of criminals' and prisoners' rights, and held the view that capital punishment is constitutionally permissible. He supported the view that the Fourth Amendment permitted a warrantless search incident to a valid arrest.
In 1977s "Nixon v. Administrator of General Services", Rehnquist dissented from a decision upholding the constitutionality of an act that gave a federal agency administrator certain authority over former President Nixon's presidential papers and tape recordings. He dissented solely on the ground that the law was "a clear violation of the constitutional principle of separation of powers".
During oral argument in "Duren v. Missouri" (1978), the court faced a challenge to laws and practices that made jury duty voluntary for women in that state. At the end of Ruth Ginsburg's oral presentation Rehnquist asked her, "You will not settle for putting Susan B. Anthony on the new dollar, then?"
Rehnquist wrote the majority opinion in "Diamond v. Diehr", , which began a gradual trend toward overturning the ban on software patents in the United States first established in "Parker v. Flook", . In "Sony Corp. of America v. Universal City Studios, Inc.", pertaining to video cassette recorders such as the Betamax system, Justice Stevens again wrote an opinion providing a broad fair use doctrine while Rehnquist joined the dissent, which supported stronger copyrights. Years later, in "Eldred v. Ashcroft", , Rehnquist was in the majority favoring the copyright holders, with Justices Stevens and Breyer dissenting in favor of a narrower construction of copyright law.
Rehnquist's view of the rational basis test.
David Shapiro, professor of law at Harvard University, wrote that while Rehnquist was an Associate Justice he disliked even minimal inquiries into legislative objectives except in the areas of race, national origin, and infringement of specific constitutional guarantees. For Rehnquist, the rational basis test, which is an important part of equal protection jurisprudence, was not a standard for weighing the interests of the government against the individual; rather, it was a label to describe a preordained result. Shapiro in 1978 pointed out that Rehnquist had avoided joining rational basis determinations for years, except in one case, "Weinberger v. Wiesenfeld". Rehnquist eschewed the Court majority's approach to equal protection, writing in dissent in "Trimble v. Gordon" that the state's distinction should be sustained because it was not "mindless and patently irrational". (The court struck down an Illinois law allowing illegitimate children to inherit by intestate succession only from their mothers.)
Shapiro pointed out that Rehnquist seemed content to find a sufficient relationship between a challenged classification and perceived governmental interests "no matter how tenuous or speculative that relationship might be".
A practical result of Rehnquist's view of rational basis can be seen in "Cleveland Board of Education v. LaFleur", wherein the Court's majority struck down a school board rule that required every pregnant teacher to take unpaid maternity leave beginning five months before the expected birth of her child. Justice Powell wrote an opinion rested on the ground that the school board rule was too overinclusive to survive equal protection analysis. In dissent, Rehnquist attacked Powell's opinion, saying: Shapiro writes that Rehnquist's opinion implied: 
Rehnquist's dissent in "United States Department of Agriculture v. Murry" illuminates his view that a classification should pass muster under the rational basis test so long as that classification is not entirely counter-productive with respect to the purposes of the legislation in which it is contained. Shapiro alleges that Rehnquist's stance "makes rational basis a virtual nullity".
Relations on the Court.
Rehnquist built warm personal relations with his colleagues, even with ideological opposites. Justice William Brennan, Jr. "startled one acquaintance by informing him that 'Bill Rehnquist is my best friend up here.'" Rehnquist and Justice William O. Douglas bonded over a shared iconoclasm and love of the west. "The Brethren" claims that the court's "liberals found it hard not to like the good-natured, thoughtful Rehnquist", despite finding his legal philosophy "extreme", and that Justice Stewart regarded Rehnquist as "excellent" and "a "team player, a part of the group in the center of the court, even though he usually ended up in the conservative bloc".
Since Rehnquist's first years on the Supreme Court, other justices criticized what they saw as his "willingness to cut corners to reach a conservative result", "glossover inconsistencies of logic or fact" or distinguishing indistinct cases to reach their destination. In "Jefferson v. Hackney", for example, Douglas and Justice Thurgood Marshall charged that Rehnquist's opinion "misrepresented the legislative history" of a federal welfare program. Rehnquist did not correct what "The Brethren" characterizes as an "outright misstatement, ... thus publish an opinion that twisted the facts". Rehnquist's "misuse" of precedents in another case "shocked" Justice John Paul Stevens. For his part, Rehnquist was often "contemptuous of Brennan's opinions", seeing them as "bending the facts or law to suit his purposes".
Reluctant to compromise, Rehnquist was the most frequent sole dissenter during the Burger years, garnering the nickname "the Lone Ranger". He usually voted with Chief Justice Burger, and – recognizing "the importance of his relationship with Burger" – often went along to get along, joining Burger's majority opinions even when he disagreed with them, and, in important cases, "tr to straighten him out".
Chief Justice.
When Chief Justice Warren Burger retired in 1986, President Ronald Reagan nominated Rehnquist to fill the position. Although Rehnquist was to the right of Burger, "his colleagues were unanimously pleased and supportive", even his "ideological opposites". The nomination "was met with 'genuine enthusiasm on the part of not only his colleagues on the Court but others who served the Court in a staff capacity and some of the relatively lowly paid individuals at the Court. There was almost a unanimous feeling of joy.'" Justice Thurgood Marshall would later call him "a great Chief Justice".
During confirmation hearings, Senator Edward Kennedy challenged Rehnquist on his unwitting ownership of property that had a restrictive covenant against sale to Jews
(such covenants were held to be unenforceable under the 1948 Supreme Court case "Shelley v. Kraemer"). Despite this and other controversies, including a concern over his membership in the Alfalfa Club (which at the time did not allow women to join),
the Senate confirmed his appointment by a 65–33 vote, and he assumed the office on September 26. Rehnquist's seat as an associate justice was filled by newly appointed Antonin Scalia.
In 1999, Rehnquist became the second Chief Justice (after Salmon P. Chase) to preside over a presidential impeachment trial, during the proceedings against President Bill Clinton. In 2000, Rehnquist wrote a concurring opinion in "Bush v. Gore", the case that effectively ended the presidential election controversy in Florida. He concurred with four other justices in that case that the Equal Protection Clause barred a "standardless" manual recount of the votes as ordered by the Florida Supreme Court.
In his capacity as Chief Justice, Rehnquist administered the Oath of Office to the following Presidents of the United States:
Leadership of the Court.
Rehnquist's predecessor as Chief Justice, Warren Burger, had foundered as a leader, alienating his colleagues with his overbearing manner, his inability to effectively manage the justices' conference sessions, and abuse of his seniority – in particular, his tendency to change his vote on important cases so that he could maintain control over opinion assignments. Rehnquist, in sharp contrast, won over his fellow justices with his easygoing, humorous, and unpretentious personality. He also tightened up the justices' conferences, keeping the justices from going too long or off track and not allowing any justice to speak twice before all had spoken once, and gained a reputation for scrupulous fairness in assigning opinions: Rehnquist assigned no Justice (including himself) two opinions before everyone had been assigned one, and made no attempts to interfere with assignments for cases in which he was in the minority. Most significantly, Rehnquist successfully lobbied Congress in 1988 to give the Court control of its own docket, cutting back on mandatory appeals and certiorari grants in general.
Rehnquist added four yellow stripes to the sleeves of his robe in 1995. He was a lifelong fan of Gilbert and Sullivan operas, and after appreciating the Lord Chancellor's costume in a community theater production of "Iolanthe" he thereafter appeared in court with the same striped sleeves. (The Lord Chancellor was traditionally the senior member of the British judiciary.) His successor, Chief Justice John Roberts, chose not to continue the practice.
Federalism doctrine.
Rehnquist was expected to push the Supreme Court in a more conservative direction during his tenure. One area many commentators expected to see changes was in limiting the power of the federal government and in increasing the power of state governments. However, legal reporter Jan Crawford Greenburg says some of Rehnquist's victories towards the federalist goal of scaling back congressional power over the states had little practical impact.
Chief Justice Rehnquist voted with the majority in "City of Boerne v. Flores" (1997) and would later refer to that decision as precedent for requiring Congress to defer to the Court as regards interpretation of the Fourteenth Amendment (including the Equal Protection Clause) in a number of cases. "Boerne" held that any statute that Congress enacted to enforce the provisions of the Fourteenth Amendment (including the Equal Protection Clause) had to show "a congruence and proportionality between the injury to be prevented or remedied and the means adopted to that end". The Rehnquist Court's congruence and proportionality theory replaced the "ratchet" theory that had arguably been advanced in "Katzenbach v. Morgan" (1966). According to the "ratchet" theory, Congress could "ratchet up" civil rights beyond what the Court had recognized, but Congress could not "ratchet down" judicially recognized rights. According to the majority opinion of Justice Anthony Kennedy, which Chief Justice Rehnquist joined in "Boerne": 
The Rehnquist Court's congruence and proportionality standard made it easier to revive older precedents preventing Congress from going too far in enforcing equal protection of the laws.
One of the Rehnquist Court's major developments involved reinforcing and extending the doctrine of sovereign immunity, which limits the ability of Congress to subject non-consenting states to lawsuits by individual citizens seeking money damages.
In both "Kimel v. Florida Board of Regents" (2000) and "Board of Trustees of the University of Alabama v. Garrett" (2001), the Court held that Congress had exceeded its power to enforce the Equal Protection Clause. In both those cases, Chief Justice Rehnquist was in the majority that held discrimination by states based upon age or disability (as opposed to race or gender) need satisfy only rational basis review as opposed to strict scrutiny.
Though the Eleventh Amendment by its terms applies only to suits against a state by citizens of another state, the Rehnquist Court often extended this principle to suits by citizens against their own states. One such case was "Alden v. Maine" (1999), in which the Court explained that the authority to subject states to private suits does not follow from any of the express enumerated powers in Article One of the Constitution, and therefore the "Alden" Court looked to the Necessary and Proper Clause to see if that Clause authorized Congress to subject the states to lawsuits by the state's own citizens. Chief Justice Rehnquist agreed with Justice Kennedy's statement that such lawsuits were not "necessary and proper": 
However, the Court acknowledged that various amendments to the Constitution were intended to give Congress power to abrogate sovereign immunity, one of those amendments being the Fourteenth, and thus Congress may authorize suits for money damages pursuant to (for example) its power to enforce the Fourteenth Amendment, which includes the Equal Protection Clause.
Chief Justice Rehnquist also led the Court toward a more limited view of Congressional power under the Commerce Clause of the U.S. Constitution. For example, he wrote for a 5-to-4 majority in "United States v. Lopez", , striking down a federal law as exceeding congressional power under the Clause.
"Lopez" was followed by "United States v. Morrison", , in which Rehnquist wrote the Court's opinion striking down the civil damages portion of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 as regulating conduct that does not have a significant direct effect on interstate commerce. Rehnquist's majority opinion in "Morrison" also rejected an Equal Protection argument on behalf of the Act. All four dissenters disagreed with the Court's interpretation of the Commerce Clause, and two dissenters (Stevens and Stephen Breyer) also took issue with the Court's Equal Protection analysis. Regarding the Commerce Clause, Justice David Souter asserted that the Court was improperly seeking to convert the judiciary into a "shield against the commerce power".
Regarding the Equal Protection Clause, Chief Justice Rehnquist's majority opinion in "Morrison" cited precedents limiting the Clause's scope, such as "United States v. Cruikshank" (1876), which held that the Fourteenth Amendment applied only to state actions, not private acts of violence. Dissenting Justice Breyer, joined by Justice Stevens, agreed with the majority that it "is certainly so" that Congress may not "use the Fourteenth Amendment as a source of power to remedy the conduct of private persons". However, Breyer and Stevens took issue with another aspect of the "Morrison" Court's Equal Protection analysis: they argued that cases that the majority had cited (including "United States v. Harris" and the "Civil Rights Cases" regarding lynching and segregation respectively) did not consider "this kind of claim" in which state actors "failed to provide adequate (or any) state remedies". In response, the "Morrison" majority asserted that the Violence Against Women Act was "directed not at any State or state actor, but at individuals who have committed criminal acts motivated by gender bias".
The federalist trend set by "Lopez" and "Morrison" was seemingly halted by "Gonzales v. Raich" (2005), in which the court broadly interpreted the Commerce Clause to allow Congress to prohibit the intrastate cultivation of medicinal cannabis. Rehnquist, along with O'Connor and Thomas, dissented in "Raich".
Rehnquist authored the majority opinion in "South Dakota v. Dole" (1987), upholding Congress's reduction of funds to states not complying with the national 21-year-old drinking age. Rehnquist's broad reading of Congress's spending power was also seen as a major limitation on the Rehnquist Court's push towards redistribution of power from the federal government to the states.
"Stare decisis".
Some commentators expected the Rehnquist Court to overrule several controversial decisions broadly interpreting the Bill of Rights. The Rehnquist Court, however, expressly declined to overrule "Miranda v. Arizona" in its decision in "Dickerson v. United States". Rehnquist believed that federal judges should not impose their personal views on the law or stray beyond the intent of the framers by reading broad meaning into the Constitution; he saw himself as an "apostle of judicial restraint". TIME Magazine suggested, however, that Rehnquist violated this belief by overruling many cases, particularly from the Warren Court era. Columbia Law School Professor Vincent Blasi said of Rehnquist in 1986 that "obody since the 1930s has been so niggardly in interpreting the Bill of Rights, so blatant in simply ignoring years and years of precedent." (In the same article, Rehnquist was quoted as retorting that "such attacks come from liberal academics and that 'on occasion, they write somewhat disingenuously about me'.")
Chief Justice Rehnquist was a foe of the Court's 1973 "Roe v. Wade" decision. In 1992, that decision survived by a 5–4 vote, in "Planned Parenthood v. Casey", which relied heavily on the doctrine of "stare decisis". Dissenting in "Casey", Rehnquist criticized the Court's "newly minted variation on "stare decisis"", and asserted his belief "that "Roe" was wrongly decided, and that it can and should be overruled consistently with our traditional approach to stare decisis in constitutional cases".
Rehnquist was not reluctant to apply "stare decisis" in the fashion he believed appropriate. For example, in "Dickerson v. United States" (2000), Rehnquist voted to reaffirm the Court's famous decision in "Miranda v. Arizona" (1966) based not only on the notion of adhering to precedent but also on his belief that "the totality-of-the-circumstances test ... is more difficult than Miranda for law enforcement officers to conform to, and for courts to apply in a consistent manner." Shortly after "Dickerson" was decided, the Court dealt with another abortion case, this time dealing with partial birth abortion in "Stenberg v. Carhart" (2000). Again, a 5–4 decision, and again a dissent from Rehnquist urged that "stare decisis" should not be the sole consideration: "I did not join the joint opinion in "Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pa. v. Casey", 505 U. S. 833 (1992), and continue to believe that case is wrongly decided."
Gay rights.
Among the many closely watched decisions during Chief Justice Rehnquist's tenure was "Romer v. Evans" (1996). Colorado had adopted an amendment to the state constitution ("Amendment 2") that the Court majority said would have prevented any city, town, or county in the state from taking any legislative, executive, or judicial action to protect homosexual citizens from discrimination on the basis of their sexual orientation. Rehnquist joined the dissent, which argued that the Constitution of the United States says nothing about this subject, so "it is left to be resolved by normal democratic means". The dissent, written by Justice Scalia, argued as follows (some punctuation omitted): 
The dissent mentioned the Court's then-existing precedent in "Bowers v. Hardwick" (1986), that "the Constitution does not prohibit what virtually all States had done from the founding of the Republic until very recent years—making homosexual conduct a crime." By analogy, the "Romer" dissent reasoned that: The dissent listed murder, polygamy, and cruelty to animals as behaviors that the federal Constitution allows states to be very hostile toward, and in contrast the dissent stated: "the degree of hostility reflected by Amendment 2 is the smallest conceivable." The "Romer" dissent added: 
With the case of "Lawrence v. Texas" in 2003, the Supreme Court under Rehnquist went on to overrule "Bowers". Rehnquist again dissented along with Scalia and Clarence Thomas. The Court's result in "Romer" had described the struck-down statute as "a status-based enactment divorced from any factual context from which we could discern a relationship to legitimate state interests". The sentiment behind that statute had led to the court evaluating it with a "more searching" form of review. Similarly, in Lawrence, "moral disapproval" was found to be an unconstitutional basis for condemning a group of people. The Court protected homosexual behavior in the name of liberty and autonomy.
Rehnquist sometimes reached results favorable to homosexuals, for example voting to allow a gay CIA employee to sue on the basis of constitutional law for improper personnel practices (although barring suit on the basis of administrative law in deference to a claim of national security reasons),
voting to allow same-sex sexual harassment claims to be adjudicated,
and voting to allow the University of Wisconsin–Madison to require students to pay a mandatory fee that subsidized gay groups along with all other student organizations.
Civil Rights Act.
Rehnquist voted with the majority in denying a private right to sue for discrimination based on race or national origin involving a disparate impact under title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, in "Alexander v. Sandoval" (2001), which involved the issue of whether a citizen could sue a state for not providing driver's license exams in languages other than English. "Sandoval" cited "Cannon v. University of Chicago" (1979) as a precedent. The Court voted 5–4 that various facts (regarding disparate impact) mentioned in a footnote of "Cannon" were not part of the holding of "Cannon". The majority also viewed it as significant that §602 of Title VI did not repeat the rights-creating language (race, color, or national origin) in §601. 
Religion clauses.
In 1985, Rehnquist joined "Lee v. Weisman"'s dissenting opinion that the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment to the Constitution only forbids government from preferring one particular religion over another.
Justice Souter wrote a dissent specifically addressed to Rehnquist on this issue in 1992.
Rehnquist also led the way in allowing greater state assistance to religious schools, writing for another 5-to-4 majority in "Zelman v. Simmons-Harris". In "Zelman", the Court approved a school voucher program that aided church schools along with other private schools.
In June 2005, Rehnquist wrote the plurality opinion upholding the constitutionality of a display of the Ten Commandments at the Texas state capitol in Austin. The case was "Van Orden v. Perry". Rehnquist wrote: 
This decision was joined by Justices Scalia, Thomas, Breyer, and Kennedy.
First Amendment.
University of Chicago Law School Professor Geoffrey Stone explains that Rehnquist was by an impressive margin the member of the Supreme Court least likely to invalidate a law as violating "the freedom of speech, or of the press". Justice Burger, who was Chief Justice when Rehnquist started as an Associate Justice, was 1.8 times more likely to vote in favor of the First Amendment; Scalia, 1.6 times; Thomas, 1.5 times. Excluding unanimous Court decisions, Rehnquist voted to reject First Amendment claims 92% of the time. In issues involving freedom of the press, Rehnquist rejected First Amendment claims 100% of the time. Stone says: However, as he did in "Bigelow v. Commonwealth of Virginia", Rehnquist voted against freedom of advertising if an advertisement involved birth control or abortion.
Fourteenth Amendment.
Rehnquist wrote a concurrence agreeing to strike down the male-only admissions policy of the Virginia Military Institute, as violative of the Fourteenth Amendment's Equal Protection Clause. However, he declined to join the majority opinion's basis for using the Fourteenth Amendment, writing: This rationale supported facilities separated on the basis of gender: 
Rehnquist remained skeptical about the Court's Equal Protection Clause jurisprudence; some of his opinions most favorable to equality resulted from statutory rather than constitutional interpretation. For example, in "Meritor Savings Bank v. Vinson" (1986), Rehnquist established a hostile-environment sexual harassment cause of action under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, including protection against psychological aspects of harassment in the workplace.
Analysis of tenure as Chief Justice.
Professor Charles Fried has described the Rehnquist Court's "project" as being "to reverse not the course of history but the course of constitutional doctrine's abdication to politics". According to legal reporter Jan Crawford Greenburg, the Rehnquist Court's conservatives failed to dig up the foundation cemented by the more left-leaning justices and lower courts. However, in 2005 law professor John Yoo wrote: "It is telling to see how many of Rehnquist's views, considered outside the mainstream at the time by professors and commentators, the court has now adopted." Greenburg says conservative critics noted that the Rehnquist court did little to overturn the left's successes in the lower courts, and in many cases actively furthered them. Rehnquist was unable to build consensus and forge coalitions on key cases, and in his later years often came to care more about case outcomes than legal reasoning, disappointing Justice Scalia. More often than not, on volatile social issues, the Court did not take the conservative path.
A 2012 biography by journalist John A. Jenkins concludes, based on an analysis of Rehnquist's papers, that "Rehnquist's judicial philosophy was nihilistic at its core, disrespectful of precedent, and dismissive of ... institutions that did not comport with his black-and-white view of the world."
Personal health.
After Rehnquist's death in 2005, the FBI honored a Freedom of Information Act request detailing the Bureau's background investigation prior to Rehnquist's nomination as Chief Justice. The files reveal that for a period, Rehnquist had been addicted to Placidyl, a drug widely prescribed for insomnia. Placidyl can be addictive and it was not until he was hospitalized that doctors learned of the depth of his dependency.
Rehnquist was prescribed Placidyl by Dr. Freeman Cary, a physician at the U.S. Capitol, for insomnia and back pain from 1972 through 1981 in doses exceeding the recommended limits. The FBI report concluded, however, that Rehnquist was already taking the drug as early as 1970. By the time he sought treatment, Rehnquist was taking three times the prescribed dose of the drug nightly. On December 27, 1981, Rehnquist entered George Washington University Hospital for treatment of back pain and dependency on Placidyl. There, he underwent a month-long detoxification process. While hospitalized, he had typical withdrawal symptoms, including hallucinations and paranoia. For example, "One doctor said Rehnquist thought he heard voices outside his hospital room plotting against him and had 'bizarre ideas and outrageous thoughts', including imagining 'a CIA plot against him' and seeming to see the design patterns on the hospital curtains change configuration."
For several weeks prior to hospitalization, Rehnquist had slurred his words, but there were no indications he was otherwise impaired. Law professor Michael Dorf has observed that "none of the Justices, law clerks or others who served with Rehnquist have so much as hinted that his Placidyl addiction affected his work, beyond its impact on his speech."
Declining health and death.
On October 26, 2004, the Supreme Court press office announced that Rehnquist had recently been diagnosed with anaplastic thyroid cancer. In the summer of 2004, Rehnquist traveled to England to teach a constitutional law class at Tulane University Law School's program abroad. After several months out of the public eye, Rehnquist administered the oath of office to President George W. Bush at his second inauguration on January 20, 2005, despite doubts over whether his health would permit his participation. He arrived using a cane, walked very slowly, and left immediately after the oath itself was administered.
After missing 44 oral arguments before the Court in late 2004 and early 2005, Rehnquist appeared on the bench again on March 21, 2005. During his absence, however, he remained involved in the business of the Court, participating in many of the decisions and deliberations.
On July 1, 2005, Rehnquist's colleague Sandra Day O'Connor announced her impending retirement from her position of Associate Justice, after consulting with Rehnquist and learning that he intended to remain on the Court. Commenting on the frenzy of speculation over his retirement, Rehnquist joked with a reporter who asked if he would be retiring, "That's for me to know and you to find out."
Rehnquist died at his Arlington, Virginia, home on September 3, 2005, just four weeks before his 81st birthday. Rehnquist was the first member of the Supreme Court to die in office since Justice Robert H. Jackson in 1954, and the first Chief Justice to die in office since Fred M. Vinson, in 1953.
On September 6, 2005, eight of Rehnquist's former law clerks, including Judge John Roberts, his eventual successor, served as pallbearers as his casket was placed on the same catafalque that bore Abraham Lincoln's casket as he lay in state in 1865. Rehnquist's body remained in the Great Hall of the Supreme Court until his funeral on September 7, 2005, a Lutheran service conducted at the Roman Catholic Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apostle in Washington, D.C. Rehnquist was eulogized by President George W. Bush and Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, as well as by members of his family. The Rehnquist funeral was the largest gathering of political dignitaries at the cathedral since the funeral of President John F. Kennedy in 1963. Rehnquist's funeral was followed by a private burial service, in which he was interred next to his wife, Nan, at Arlington National Cemetery.
Replacement as Chief Justice.
Rehnquist's death, just over two months after O'Connor announced her impending retirement, left two vacancies to be filled by President George W. Bush. On September 5, 2005, Bush withdrew the nomination of Judge John Roberts of the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals to replace O'Connor as Associate Justice, and instead nominated him to replace Rehnquist as Chief Justice. Roberts was confirmed by the U.S. Senate and sworn in as the new Chief Justice on September 29, 2005. Roberts had clerked for Rehnquist in 1980–1981. O'Connor, who had made the effective date of her resignation the confirmation of her successor, continued to serve on the Supreme Court until the confirmation and swearing in of Samuel Alito in January 2006.
Eulogizing his predecessor in the Harvard Law Review, Roberts wrote that Rehnquist was "direct, straightforward, utterly without pretense – and a patriot who loved and served his country. He was completely unaffected in manner."
Family life.
Rehnquist's paternal grandparents immigrated separately from Sweden in 1880. His grandfather Olof Andersson, who changed his surname from the patronymic Andersson to the family name Rehnquist, was born in the province of Värmland and his grandmother was born Adolfina Ternberg in Vreta Kloster (parish) in Östergötland. Rehnquist is one of two Chief Justices of Swedish descent, the other being Earl Warren, who had Norwegian-Swedish ancestry.
Rehnquist married Natalie "Nan" Cornell on August 29, 1953. The daughter of a successful San Diego physician, she worked as an analyst on the CIA's Austria desk before their marriage. The couple had three children: James, a lawyer and former college basketball star, Janet, a lawyer, and Nancy, an editor (including of her father's books) and homemaker. Nan Rehnquist died on October 17, 1991, after suffering from ovarian cancer. She was also survived by nine grandchildren, one of whom, Natalie Lynch, delivered a eulogy at Rehnquist's funeral.
Shortly after moving to Washington, D.C., the Rehnquists purchased a home in Greensboro, Vermont, a rural community where they spent many vacations.

</doc>
<doc id="18938744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938744" title="Ollada">
Ollada

Ollada (, also named as "putxero" or "perolada" in the Valencian Community) is a traditional dish around the world. Is based in boiling vegetables and meat in a casserole
Ingredients.
The ingredients can vary, but are based in vegetables (potato, carrot, artichoke etc.), legumes (beans, kidney beans, etc.) and embotit or butchery.

</doc>
<doc id="18938747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938747" title="Ngongo">
Ngongo

Ngongo may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="18938758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938758" title="Open source">
Open source

In production and development, open source as a development model promotes a) universal access via free license to a product's design or blueprint, and b) universal redistribution of that design or blueprint, including subsequent improvements to it by anyone. Before the phrase "open source" became widely adopted, developers and producers used a variety of terms for the concept; "open source" gained hold with the rise of the Internet, and the attendant need for massive retooling of the computing source code. Opening the source code enabled a self-enhancing diversity of production models, communication paths, and interactive communities.
The open-source software movement arose to clarify the environment that the new copyright, licensing, domain, and consumer issues created.
Generally, open source refers to a computer program in which the source code is available to the general public for use and/or modification from its original design. Open-source code is typically created as a collaborative effort in which programmers improve upon the code and share the changes within the community. Open source sprouted in the technological community as a response to proprietary software owned by corporations.
The open-source model includes the concept of concurrent yet different agendas and differing approaches in production, in contrast with more centralized models of development such as those typically used in commercial software companies.
A main principle and practice of open-source software development is peer production by bartering and collaboration, with the end-product, source-material, "blueprints", and documentation available at no cost to the public. This model is also used for the development of open-source-appropriate technologies, solar photovoltaic technology and open-source drug discovery.
History.
The sharing of technological information predates the internet and the personal computer considerably. For instance, in the early years of automobile development a group of capital monopolists owned the rights to a 2-cycle gasoline engine patent originally filed by George B. Selden.
By controlling this patent, they were able to monopolize the industry and force car manufacturers to adhere to their demands, or risk a lawsuit. In 1911, independent automaker Henry Ford won a challenge to the Selden patent. The result was that the Selden patent became virtually worthless and a new association (which would eventually become the Motor Vehicle Manufacturers Association) was formed.
The new association instituted a cross-licensing agreement among all US auto manufacturers: although each company would develop technology and file patents, these patents were shared openly and without the exchange of money between all the manufacturers.
By the time the US entered World War II, 92 Ford patents and 515 patents from other companies were being shared between these manufacturers, without any exchange of money (or lawsuits).
Very similar to open standards, researchers with access to Advanced Research Projects Agency Network (ARPANET) used a process called Request for Comments to develop telecommunication network protocols. This collaborative process of the 1960s led to the birth of the Internet in 1969.
Early instances of the free sharing of source code include IBM's source releases of its operating systems and other programs in the 1950s and 1960s, and the SHARE user group that formed to facilitate the exchange of software.
In a foreshadowing of the Internet, software with source code included became available on BBS networks in the 1980s. This was sometimes a necessity; distributing software written in BASIC and other interpreted languages can only be distributed as source code as there is no separate portable executable binary to distribute.
Example of BBS systems and networks that gathered source code, and setup up boards specifically to discuss its modification includes WWIV, developed initially in BASIC by Wayne Bell. A culture of "modding" his software and distributing the mods, grew up so extensively that when the software was ported to first Pascal, then C++, its source code continued to be distributed to registered users, who would share mods and compile their own versions of the software. This may have contributed to its being a dominant system and network, despite being outside the Fidonet umbrella that was shared by so many other BBS makers.
The sharing of source code on the Internet began when the Internet was relatively primitive, with software distributed via UUCP, Usenet, and irc, and gopher. BSD, for example, was first widely distributed by posts to comp.os.linux on the Usenet, which is also where its development was discussed. Linux followed in this model.
The label "open source" was adopted by a group of people in the free software movement at a strategy session held at Palo Alto, California, in reaction to Netscape's January 1998 announcement of a source code release for Navigator. The group of individuals at the session included Christine Peterson who suggested "open source", Todd Anderson, Larry Augustin, Jon Hall, Sam Ockman, Michael Tiemann and Eric S. Raymond. Over the next week, Raymond and others worked on spreading the word. Linus Torvalds gave an all-important sanction the following day. Phil Hughes offered a pulpit in "Linux Journal". Richard Stallman, pioneer of the free software movement, initially seemed to adopt the term, but later changed his mind. Those people who adopted the term used the opportunity before the release of Navigator's source code to free themselves from the ideology of the term "free software". Netscape released its source code under the Netscape Public License and later under the Mozilla Public License.
In February 1998, Raymond made the first public call to the free software community to adopt the new term. The Open Source Initiative was formed shortly thereafter by Eric Raymond and Bruce Perens.
The term was given a big boost at an event organized in April 1998 by technology publisher Tim O'Reilly. Originally titled the "Freeware Summit" and later known as the "Open Source Summit",
The event brought together the leaders of many of the most important free and open-source projects, including Linus Torvalds, Larry Wall, Brian Behlendorf, Eric Allman, Guido van Rossum, Michael Tiemann, Paul Vixie, Jamie Zawinski of Netscape, and Eric Raymond. At that meeting, the confusion caused by the name free software was brought up. Tiemann argued for "sourceware" as a new term, while Raymond argued for "open source." The assembled developers took a vote, and the winner was announced at a press conference that evening.
Starting in the beginning of the 2000s, a number of companies began to publish a small parts of their source code to claim they were open source, while keeping key parts closed. This led to the development of the now widely used terms "free open-source software" and "commercial open-source software" to distinguish between truly open and hybrid forms of open source.
Economics.
Most economists agree that open-source candidates have an information good (also termed "knowledge good") aspect. In general, this suggests that the original work involves a great deal of time, money, and effort. However, the cost of reproducing the work is very low, so that additional users may be added at zero or near zero costthis is referred to as the marginal cost of a product. Copyright creates a monopoly so the price charged to consumers can be significantly higher than the marginal cost of production. This allows the author to recoup the cost of making the original work, without needing to find a single customer that can bear the entire cost. Conventional copyright thus creates access costs for consumers who value the work more than the marginal cost but less than the initial production cost. Access costs also pose problems for authors who wish to create a derivative work - such as a copy of a software program modified to fix a bug or add a feature, or a remix of a song - but are unable or unwilling to pay the copyright holder for the right to do so.
Being organized effectively as a consumers' cooperative, the idea of open source is to eliminate the access costs of the consumer and the creators of derivative works by reducing the restrictions of copyright. Basic economic theory predicts that lower costs would lead to higher consumption and also more frequent creation of derivative works. Additionally some proponents argue that open source also relieves society of the administration and enforcement costs of copyright. Organizations such as Creative Commons have websites where individuals can file for alternative "licenses", or levels of restriction, for their works.
These self-made protections free the general society of the costs of policing copyright infringement. Thus, on several fronts, there is an efficiency argument to be made on behalf of open-sourced goods.
However, others argue that because consumers do not pay for the copies, creators are unable to recoup the initial cost of production, and thus have no economic incentive to create in the first place. By this argument, consumers would lose out because some of the goods they would otherwise purchase would not be available at all. In practice, content producers can choose whether to adopt a proprietary license and charge for copies, or an open license. Some goods which require large amounts of professional research and development, such as the pharmaceutical industry (which depends largely on patents, not copyright for intellectual property protection) are almost exclusively proprietary.
Alternatives.
Alternative arrangements have also been shown to result in good creation outside of the proprietary model. Examples include:
Applications.
Social and political views have been affected by the growth of the concept of open source. Advocates in one field often support the expansion of open source in other fields. But Eric Raymond and other founders of the open-source movement have sometimes publicly argued against speculation about applications outside software, saying that strong arguments for software openness should not be weakened by overreaching into areas where the story may be less compelling. The broader impact of the open-source movement, and the extent of its role in the development of new information sharing procedures, remain to be seen.
The open-source movement has inspired increased transparency and liberty in biotechnology research, for example by CAMBIA. Even the research methodologies themselves can benefit from the application of open-source principles. It has also given rise to the rapidly expanding open-source hardware movement. In the book "Democratizing Innovation" it is argued that a trend toward democratized innovation in physical products (e.g. open-source hardware) is occurring like the free and open-source software movement, and that the difference between crowdsourcing and open source is that open-source production is a cooperative activity initiated and voluntarily undertaken by members of the public. One of the primary geographically diverse communities that is utilizing this developmental method is the scientific community, for example using open-source hardware to reduce the cost of scientific equipment.
Computer software.
Open-source software is software whose source code is published and made available to the public, enabling anyone to copy, modify and redistribute the source code without paying royalties or fees.
Open-source code can evolve through community cooperation. These communities are composed of individual programmers as well as large companies. Some of the individual programmers who start an open-source project may end up establishing companies offering products or services incorporating open-source programs. Examples of open-source software products are:
Electronics.
Open-source hardware is hardware whose initial specification, usually in a software format, are published and made available to the public, enabling anyone to copy, modify and redistribute the hardware and source code without paying royalties or fees. Open-source hardware evolves through community cooperation. These communities are composed of individual hardware/software developers, hobbyists, as well as very large companies. Examples of open-source hardware initiatives are:
Science & engineering.
Robotics.
An open-source robot is a robot whose blueprints, schematics, and/or source code are released under an open-source model.
Case Study.
An investigation of open-source industrial symbiosis was performed by Doyle and Pearce using Google Earth. Their paper found that virtual globes coupled with open-source waste information can be used to:
Society and culture.
Open-source culture is the creative practice of appropriation and free sharing of found and created content. Examples include collage, found footage film, music, and appropriation art. Open-source culture is one in which fixations, works entitled to copyright protection, are made generally available. Participants in the culture can modify those products and redistribute them back into the community or other organizations.
The rise of open-source culture in the 20th century resulted from a growing tension between creative practices that involve appropriation, and therefore require access to content that is often copyrighted, and increasingly restrictive intellectual property laws and policies governing access to copyrighted content. The two main ways in which intellectual property laws became more restrictive in the 20th century were extensions to the term of copyright (particularly in the United States) and penalties, such as those articulated in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), placed on attempts to circumvent anti-piracy technologies.
Although artistic appropriation is often permitted under fair-use doctrines, the complexity and ambiguity of these doctrines creates an atmosphere of uncertainty among cultural practitioners. Also, the protective actions of copyright owners create what some call a "chilling effect" among cultural practitioners.
In the late 20th century, cultural practitioners began to adopt the intellectual property licensing techniques of free software and open-source software to make their work more freely available to others, including the Creative Commons.
The idea of an "open-source" culture runs parallel to "Free Culture," but is substantively different. "Free culture" is a term derived from the free software movement, and in contrast to that vision of culture, proponents of open-source culture (OSC) maintain that some intellectual property law needs to exist to protect cultural producers. Yet they propose a more nuanced position than corporations have traditionally sought. Instead of seeing intellectual property law as an expression of instrumental rules intended to uphold either natural rights or desirable outcomes, an argument for OSC takes into account diverse goods (as in "the Good life") and ends.
One way of achieving the goal of making the fixations of cultural work generally available is to maximally utilize technology and digital media. In keeping with Moore's law's prediction about processors, the cost of digital media and storage plummeted in the late 20th Century. Consequently, the marginal cost of digitally duplicating anything capable of being transmitted via digital media dropped to near zero. Combined with an explosive growth in personal computer and technology ownership, the result is an increase in general population's access to digital media. This phenomenon facilitated growth in open-source culture because it allowed for rapid and inexpensive duplication and distribution of culture. Where the access to the majority of culture produced prior to the advent of digital media was limited by other constraints of proprietary and potentially "open" mediums, digital media is the latest technology with the potential to increase access to cultural products. Artists and users who choose to distribute their work digitally face none of the physical limitations that traditional cultural producers have been typically faced with. Accordingly, the audience of an open-source culture faces little physical cost in acquiring digital media.
Open-source culture precedes Richard Stallman's codification of free software with the creation of the Free Software movement. As the public began to communicate through Bulletin Board Systems (BBS) like FidoNet, places like Sourcery Systems BBS were dedicated to providing source code to Public Domain, Shareware and Freeware programs.
Essentially born out of a desire for increased general access to digital media, the Internet is open-source culture's most valuable asset. It is questionable whether the goals of an open-source culture could be achieved without the Internet. The global network not only fosters an environment where culture can be generally accessible, but also allows for easy and inexpensive redistribution of culture back into various communities. Some reasons for this are as follows.
First, the Internet allows even greater access to inexpensive digital media and storage. Instead of users being limited to their own facilities and resources, they are granted access to a vast network of facilities and resources, some free. Sites such as ccMixter offer up free web space for anyone willing to license their work under a Creative Commons license. The resulting cultural product is then available to download free (generally accessible) to anyone with an Internet connection. Second, users are granted unprecedented access to each other. Older analog technologies such as the telephone or television have limitations on the kind of interaction users can have. In the case of television there is little, if any interaction between users participating on the network. And in the case of the telephone, users rarely interact with any more than a couple of their known peers. On the Internet, however, users have the potential to access and meet millions of their peers. This aspect of the Internet facilitates the modification of culture as users are able to collaborate and communicate with each other across international and cultural boundaries. The speed in which digital media travels on the Internet in turn facilitates the redistribution of culture.
Through various technologies such as peer-to-peer networks and blogs, cultural producers can take advantage of vast social networks to distribute their products. As opposed to traditional media distribution, redistributing digital media on the Internet can be virtually costless. Technologies such as BitTorrent and Gnutella take advantage of various characteristics of the Internet protocol (TCP/IP) in an attempt to totally decentralize file distribution.
Ethics.
Open-source ethics is split into two strands:
Media.
Open-source journalism formerly referred to the standard journalistic techniques of news gathering and fact checking, reflecting "open-source intelligence" a similar term used in military intelligence circles. Now, "open-source journalism" commonly refers to forms of innovative publishing of online journalism, rather than the sourcing of news stories by a professional journalist. In the December 25, 2006 issue of TIME magazine this is referred to as user created content and listed alongside more traditional open-source projects such as OpenSolaris and Linux.
Weblogs, or blogs, are another significant platform for open-source culture. Blogs consist of periodic, reverse chronologically ordered posts, using a technology that makes webpages easily updatable with no understanding of design, code, or file transfer required. While corporations, political campaigns and other formal institutions have begun using these tools to distribute information, many blogs are used by individuals for personal expression, political organizing, and socializing. Some, such as LiveJournal or WordPress, utilize open-source software that is open to the public and can be modified by users to fit their own tastes. Whether the code is open or not, this format represents a nimble tool for people to borrow and re-present culture; whereas traditional websites made the illegal reproduction of culture difficult to regulate, the mutability of blogs makes "open sourcing" even more uncontrollable since it allows a larger portion of the population to replicate material more quickly in the public sphere.
Messageboards are another platform for open-source culture. Messageboards (also known as discussion boards or forums), are places online where people with similar interests can congregate and post messages for the community to read and respond to. Messageboards sometimes have moderators who enforce community standards of etiquette such as banning users who are spammers. Other common board features are private messages (where users can send messages to one another) as well as chat (a way to have a real time conversation online) and image uploading. Some messageboards use phpBB, which is a free open-source package. Where blogs are more about individual expression and tend to revolve around their authors, messageboards are about creating a conversation amongst its users where information can be shared freely and quickly. Messageboards are a way to remove intermediaries from everyday lifefor instance, instead of relying on commercials and other forms of advertising, one can ask other users for frank reviews of a product, movie or CD. By removing the cultural middlemen, messageboards help speed the flow of information and exchange of ideas.
OpenDocument is an open document file format for saving and exchanging editable office documents such as text documents (including memos, reports, and books), spreadsheets, charts, and presentations. Organizations and individuals that store their data in an open format such as OpenDocument avoid being locked into a single software vendor, leaving them free to switch software if their current vendor goes out of business, raises their prices, changes their software, or changes their licensing terms to something less favorable.
Open-source movie production is either an open call system in which a changing crew and cast collaborate in movie production, a system in which the end result is made available for re-use by others or in which exclusively open-source products are used in the production. The 2006 movie Elephants Dream is said to be the "world's first open movie", created entirely using open-source technology.
An open-source documentary film has a production process allowing the open contributions of archival material, footage, and other filmic elements, both in unedited and edited form. By doing so, on-line contributors become part of the process of creating the film, helping to influence the editorial and visual material to be used in the documentary, as well as its thematic development. The first open-source documentary film is the non-profit "The American Revolution," which went into production in 2005, and will examine the role media played in the cultural, social and political changes from 1968 to 1974 through the story of radio station WBCN-FM in Boston. The film is being produced by Lichtenstein Creative Media and the non-profit Filmmakers Collaborative. Open Source Cinema is a website to create Basement Tapes, a feature documentary about copyright in the digital age, co-produced by the National Film Board of Canada.
Open-source film-making refers to a form of film-making that takes a method of idea formation from open-source software, but in this case the 'source' for a filmmaker is raw unedited footage rather than programming code. It can also refer to a method of film-making where the process of creation is 'open' i.e. a disparate group of contributors, at different times contribute to the final piece.
Open-IPTV is IPTV that is not limited to one recording studio, production studio, or cast. Open-IPTV uses the Internet or other means to pool efforts and resources together to create an online community that all contributes to a show.
Education.
Within the academic community, there is discussion about expanding what could be called the "intellectual commons" (analogous to the Creative Commons). Proponents of this view have hailed the Connexions Project at Rice University, OpenCourseWare project at MIT, Eugene Thacker's article on "open-source DNA", the "Open Source Cultural Database", Salman Khan's Khan Academy and Wikipedia as examples of applying open source outside the realm of computer software.
Open-source curricula are instructional resources whose digital source can be freely used, distributed and modified.
Another strand to the academic community is in the area of research. Many funded research projects produce software as part of their work. There is an increasing interest in making the outputs of such projects available under an open-source license. In the UK the Joint Information Systems Committee (JISC) has developed a policy on open-source software. JISC also funds a development service called OSS Watch which acts as an advisory service for higher and further education institutions wishing to use, contribute to and develop open-source software.
Innovation communities.
The principle of sharing pre-dates the open-source movement; for example, the free sharing of information has been institutionalized in the scientific enterprise since at least the 19th century. Open-source principles have always been part of the scientific community. The sociologist Robert K. Merton described the four basic elements of the communityuniversalism (an international perspective), communalism (sharing information), disinterestedness (removing one's personal views from the scientific inquiry) and organized skepticism (requirements of proof and review) that accurately describe the scientific community today.
These principles are, in part, complemented by US law's focus on protecting expression and method but not the ideas themselves. There is also a tradition of publishing research results to the scientific community instead of keeping all such knowledge proprietary. One of the recent initiatives in scientific publishing has been open accessthe idea that research should be published in such a way that it is free and available to the public. There are currently many open access journals where the information is available free online, however most journals do charge a fee (either to users or libraries for access). The Budapest Open Access Initiative is an international effort with the goal of making all research articles available free on the Internet.
The National Institutes of Health has recently proposed a policy on "Enhanced Public Access to NIH Research Information." This policy would provide a free, searchable resource of NIH-funded results to the public and with other international repositories six months after its initial publication. The NIH's move is an important one because there is significant amount of public funding in scientific research. Many of the questions have yet to be answeredthe balancing of profit vs. public access, and ensuring that desirable standards and incentives do not diminish with a shift to open access.
Farmavita.Net is a community of pharmaceuticals executives that has recently proposed a new business model of open-source pharmaceuticals. The project is targeted to development and sharing of know-how for manufacture of essential and life-saving medicines. It is mainly dedicated to the countries with less developed economies where local pharmaceutical research and development resources are insufficient for national needs. It will be limited to generic (off-patent) medicines with established use. By the definition, medicinal product have a "well-established use" if is used for at least 15 years, with recognized efficacy and an acceptable level of safety. In that event, the expensive clinical test and trial results could be replaced by appropriate scientific literature.
Benjamin Franklin was an early contributor eventually donating all his inventions including the Franklin stove, bifocals, and the lightning rod to the public domain.
New NGO communities are starting to use the open-source technology as a tool. One example is the Open Source Youth Network started in 2007 in Lisboa by ISCA members.
Open innovation is also a new emerging concept which advocate putting R&D in a common pool. The Eclipse platform is openly presenting itself as an Open innovation network.
Arts and recreation.
Copyright protection is used in the performing arts and even in athletic activities. Some groups have attempted to remove copyright from such practices.
In 2012, Russian music composer, scientist and Russian Pirate Party member Victor Argonov presented detailed raw files of his electronic opera "2032" under free license CC-BY-NC 3.0. This opera was originally composed and published in 2007 by Russian label MC Entertainment as a commercial product, but then the author changed its status to free. In his blog [http://argonov.livejournal.com] he said that he decided to open raw files (including wav, midi and other used formats) to the public in order to support worldwide pirate actions against SOPA and PIPA. Several Internet resources, called "2032" the first open source musical opera in history.

</doc>
<doc id="18938768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938768" title="List of songs recorded by ABBA">
List of songs recorded by ABBA

The following is a list of all songs recorded and performed by the Swedish pop group ABBA, alphabetised by the English title of the Song.

</doc>
<doc id="18938782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938782" title="GNU Free Documentation License">
GNU Free Documentation License

The GNU Free Documentation License (GNU FDL or simply GFDL) is a copyleft license for free documentation, designed by the Free Software Foundation (FSF) for the GNU Project. It is similar to the GNU General Public License, giving readers the rights to copy, redistribute, and modify a work and requires all copies and derivatives to be available under the same license. Copies may also be sold commercially, but, if produced in larger quantities (greater than 100), the original document or source code must be made available to the work's recipient.
The GFDL was designed for manuals, textbooks, other reference and instructional materials, and documentation which often accompanies GNU software. However, it can be used for any text-based work, regardless of subject matter. For example, the free online encyclopedia Wikipedia uses the GFDL (coupled with the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike License) for all of its text.
History.
The GFDL was released in draft form for feedback in September 1999. After revisions, version 1.1 was issued in March 2000, version 1.2 in November 2002, and version 1.3 in November 2008. The current state of the license is version 1.3.
The first discussion draft of the GNU Free Documentation License version 2 was released on September 26, 2006, along with a draft of the new GNU Simpler Free Documentation License.
On December 1, 2007, Jimmy Wales announced that a long period of discussion and negotiation between and amongst the Free Software Foundation, Creative Commons, the Wikimedia Foundation and others had produced a proposal supported by both the FSF and Creative Commons to modify the Free Documentation License in such a fashion as to allow the possibility for the Wikimedia Foundation to migrate the projects to the similar Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike (CC-BY-SA) license. These changes were implemented on version 1.3 of the license, which includes a new provision allowing certain materials released under the license to be used under a Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike license also.
Conditions.
Material licensed under the current version of the license can be used for any purpose, as long as the use meets certain conditions.
Secondary sections.
The license explicitly separates any kind of "Document" from "Secondary Sections", which may not be integrated with the Document, but exist as front-matter materials or appendices. Secondary sections can contain information regarding the author's or publisher's relationship to the subject matter, but not any subject matter itself. While the Document itself is wholly editable, and is essentially covered by a license equivalent to (but mutually incompatible with) the GNU General Public License, some of the secondary sections have various restrictions designed primarily to deal with proper attribution to previous authors.
Specifically, the authors of prior versions have to be acknowledged and certain "invariant sections" specified by the original author and dealing with his or her relationship to the subject matter may not be changed. If the material is modified, its title has to be changed (unless the prior authors give permission to retain the title).
The license also has provisions for the handling of front-cover and back-cover texts of books, as well as for "History", "Acknowledgements", "Dedications" and "Endorsements" sections. These features were added in part to make the license more financially attractive to commercial publishers of software documentation, some of whom were consulted during the drafting of the GFDL. "Endorsements" sections are intended to be used in official standard documents, where distribution of modified versions should only be permitted if they are not labeled as that standard any more.
Commercial redistribution.
The GFDL requires the ability to "copy and distribute the Document in any medium, either commercially or noncommercially" and therefore is incompatible with material that excludes commercial re-use. As mentioned above, the GFDL was designed with commercial publishers in mind, as Stallman explained: Material that restricts commercial re-use is incompatible with the license and cannot be incorporated into the work. However, incorporating such restricted material may be fair use under United States copyright law (or fair dealing in some other countries) and does not need to be licensed to fall within the GFDL if such fair use is covered by all potential subsequent uses. One example of such liberal and commercial fair use is parody.
Compatibility with Creative Commons licensing terms.
Although the two licenses work on similar copyleft principles, the GFDL is not compatible with the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike license.
However, at the request of the Wikimedia Foundation, version 1.3 added a time-limited section allowing specific types of websites using the GFDL to additionally offer their work under the CC-BY-SA license. These exemptions allow a GFDL-based collaborative project with multiple authors to transition to the CC-BY-SA 3.0 license, without first obtaining the permission of every author, if the work satisfies several conditions:
To prevent the clause from being used as a general compatibility measure, the license itself only allowed the change to occur before August 1, 2009. At the release of version 1.3, the FSF stated that all content added before November 1, 2008 to Wikipedia as an example satisfied the conditions. The Wikimedia Foundation itself after a public referendum, invoked this process to dual-license content released under the GFDL under the CC-BY-SA license in June 2009, and adopted a foundation-wide attribution policy for the use of content from Wikimedia Foundation projects.
Enforcement.
There have currently been no cases involving the GFDL in a court of law, although its sister license for software, the GNU General Public License, has been successfully enforced in such a setting. Although the content of Wikipedia has been plagiarized and used in violation of the GFDL by other sites, such as Baidu Baike, no contributors have ever tried to bring an organization to court due to violation of the GFDL. In the case of Baidu, Wikipedia representatives asked the site and its contributors to respect the terms of the licenses and to make proper attributions.
Criticism.
Some critics consider the GFDL a non-free license. Some reasons for this are that the GFDL allows "invariant" text which cannot be modified or removed, and that its prohibition against digital rights management (DRM) systems applies to valid usages, like for "private copies made and not distributed".
Notably, the Debian project and Nathanael Nerode have raised objections. In 2006, Debian developers voted to consider works licensed under the GFDL to comply with their Debian Free Software Guidelines provided the invariant section clauses are not used. The results was GFDL without invariant sections is DFSG compliant. However, their resolution stated that even without invariant sections, GFDL-licensed software documentation "is still not free of trouble", namely because of its incompatibility with the major free software licenses.
Those opposed to the GFDL have recommended the use of alternative licenses such as the BSD Documentation License or the GNU GPL.
The FLOSS Manuals foundation, an organization devoted to creating manuals for free software, decided to eschew the GFDL in favor of the GPL for its texts in 2007, citing the incompatibility between the two, difficulties in implementing the GFDL, and the fact that the GFDL "does not allow for easy duplication and modification", especially for digital documentation.
DRM clause.
The GNU FDL contains the statement:
A criticism of this language is that it is too broad, because it applies to private copies made but not distributed. This means that a licensee is not allowed to save document copies "made" in a proprietary file format or using encryption.
In 2003, Richard Stallman said about the above sentence on the debian-legal mailing list:
Invariant sections.
A GNU FDL work can quickly be encumbered because a new, different title must be given and a list of previous titles must be kept. This could lead to the situation where there are a whole series of title pages, and dedications, in each and every copy of the book if it has a long lineage. These pages cannot be removed until the work enters the public domain after copyright expires.
Richard Stallman said about invariant sections on the "debian-legal" mailing list:
GPL incompatible in both directions.
The GNU FDL is incompatible in both directions with the GPL—material under the GNU FDL cannot be put into GPL code and GPL code cannot be put into a GNU FDL manual. At the June 22nd and 23rd 2006 international GPLv3 conference in Barcelona, Eben Moglen hinted that a future version of the GPL could be made suitable for documentation:
Burdens when printing.
The GNU FDL requires that licensees, when printing a document covered by the license, must also include "this License, the copyright notices, and the license notice saying this License applies to the Document". This means that if a licensee prints out a copy of an article whose text is covered under the GNU FDL, he or she must also include a copyright notice and a physical printout of the GNU FDL, which is a significantly large document in itself. Worse, the same is required for the standalone use of just one (for example, Wikipedia) image. Wikivoyage, a web site dedicated to free content travel guides, chose not to use the GFDL because it considers it unsuitable for short printed texts.
Other free content licenses.
Some of these were developed independently of the GNU FDL, while others were developed in response to perceived flaws in the GNU FDL.

</doc>
<doc id="18938783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938783" title="Kettle River Range">
Kettle River Range

The Kettle River Range, often called the Kettle Range, is a mountain range in far southeastern British Columbia, Canada and Ferry County, Washington, in the United States. Most of the northern half of range is protected by the Colville National Forest and the southern half of the range is located on the Colville Indian Reservation.
Geography.
The Kettle River Range encompasses an area of and is a subrange of the Monashee Mountains, which in turn form part of the Columbia Mountains. The range runs north to south, bordered on the east by the Kettle River and the Columbia River, and on the west by the Kettle River, the Curlew Valley and the San Poil River. The mountainous region begins immediately north of the U.S.–Canadian border, at Grand Forks, British Columbia, extending south to the bend of the Columbia River and Lake Roosevelt, formed by Grand Coulee Dam, where it terminates. 
The Kettle River Range is a popular, all-season recreation area for hiking, sport and aided climbing, snowshoeing, and cross-country skiing. The Kettle Crest National Recreation Trail follows the backbone of the range, and may be accessed at the Kettle Crest Trailhead on the north or the Deer Creek Summit South/Sno-Park Trailhead on the south.
The Sherman Pass Scenic Byway runs east from the town of Republic, Washington across the center of the Kettle River Range and reaches its highest point at Sherman Pass, , the highest mountain pass open all year in Washington state.
The massive White Mountain wildfire burnt and destroyed 21,000 acres of timber in the southern half of the range in 1988, including all but the easternmost flanks of White Mountain, Edds Mountain, Bald Mountain, and Snow Peak, north to Sherman Peak. The State of Washington has built several interesting interpretive sites and pull-outs along roads in the region that explain the devastation.

</doc>
<doc id="18938796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938796" title="Pas Yisroel">
Pas Yisroel

Pas Yisroel or Pat Yisrael ( "lit:"Bread of an Israelite,"") products are grain-products that were cooked or baked with the participation of an observant Jew. The observant Jew must, at minimum, ignite the flame used to prepare, cook, or bake the grain product. In classical Rabbinic Judaism, this requirement is considered restricted to the five classical grains of Judaism - wheat, barley, oats, spelt, and rye. In the modern food-production industry, commercial bakeries may accomplish a status of Pas Yisroel by the use of something called the "Shain system", (named for the inventor, Rabbi Yehuda Shain) whereby an entire apparatus can be ignited remotely by an observant Jew.
It is customary that extra care is taken to uphold this observance during the first ten days of the month of Tishrei, between Rosh HaShanah and Yom Kippur.
The qualification for one to be considered an "observant" Jew – and therefore able to uphold the observance of Pas Yisroel – is defined as one who is Shomer Shabbat. This is regardless of affiliation. An example of this encompassing multiple denominations is a hypothetical scenario of a Reform Jew who is a baker, and an Orthodox Jew who wants to buy the baked goods produced by the baker; if the baker is:
then the grain-product could still receive a distinction of Pas Yisroel by the Orthodox Jew's preferred Hekhsher.

</doc>
<doc id="18938803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938803" title="Darkənd">
Darkənd

Darkənd (also, Dər, Dar, and Der) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 484. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938811" title="Bad Man's River">
Bad Man's River

"Bad Man's River" is a 1971 Comedy Western film directed by Eugenio Martín and starring Lee Van Cleef, James Mason, Gina Lollobrigida and Simón Andreu.
Plot.
Roy King's gang robs a bank and flees to Mexico on a train. Roy meets a beautiful woman, Alicia, and marries her, only to have her run off with all of the money.
An offer comes his way to rob the arsenal of a Mexican army. A daring plan gets the job done, only to have Roy double-crossed once more, unable to get his money.

</doc>
<doc id="18938812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938812" title="Didivar">
Didivar

Didivar (also, Diduvar) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,288. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938826" title="Dylmady">
Dylmady

Dylmady (also, Dyl’mady and Dil’mady) is a village in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18938832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938832" title="List of governors of Portuguese India">
List of governors of Portuguese India

The government of Portuguese India started in 1505, six years after the discovery of the sea route to India by Vasco da Gama, with the nomination of the first Viceroy Francisco de Almeida, then settled at Kochi. Until 1752, the name "India" included all Portuguese possessions in the Indian Ocean, from southern Africa to Southeast Asia, governed - either by a Viceroy or Governor - from its headquarters, established in Goa since 1510. In 1752 Portuguese Mozambique got its own government and in 1844 the Portuguese Government of India stopped administering the territory of Portuguese Macau, Solor and Portuguese Timor, being then confined to Malabar.
The following is a list of rulers during the history of Portuguese India as a viceroyalty or governorship.
(*) - In 1508, King Manuel I of Portugal devised a plan to partition the Portuguese empire in Asia into three separate governments or "high captaincies" - (1) "Capitão-Mor dos mares da Ethiopia, Arabia e Persia", centered at Socotra, was to cover the East African and Arabian-Persian coasts, from Sofala to Diu; (2) "Capitão-Mor dos mares da India", centered at Cochin, was to cover the Indian coast from Diu down to Cape Comorin. Afonso de Albuquerque was Captain-General of the latter. Jorge de Aguiar was made Captain-General of the former. A third high captaincy, covering Asia east of Cape Comorin (yet to be explored) was assigned to Diogo Lopes de Sequeira, who was assigned that year to discover Malacca. The triarchy experiment failed - Aguiar drowned en route, while Sequeira quit the region in 1509, after his debacle at Malacca, leaving Albuquerque sole governor of the whole unpartitioned complex.
(**) - Around 1570, King Sebastian of Portugal tried to partition the Portuguese State of India into three separate governments (much like Manuel's plan of 1508) - a western state based around Sofala (covering the East African coast from Cape Correntes to Cape Guardafui), a central state ruled from Goa (covering the area between the Red Sea and Ceylon, encompassing India, reserved for the "Viceroy") and an eastern state ruled from Malacca (covering Southeast Asia, from Pegu to China). D. António de Noronha was appointed to Goa, António Moniz Barreto to Malacca, and Francisco Barreto (the former India governor) to Sofala.
(***) - Title of "Viceroy of Indies" extinguished by royal letter in 1771, replaced by "Capitão-Geral" (Captain-General) of the Indies.

</doc>
<doc id="18938834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938834" title="Gilakeran">
Gilakeran

Gilakeran (also, Gelakeran, Geliakeran, and Gilekeran) is a village in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18938841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938841" title="Qaraçuq">
Qaraçuq

Qaraçuq (also, Karachik, Karachug, Karachuk, and Karachukh) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,638. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938845" title="Buddhism in Venezuela">
Buddhism in Venezuela

Buddhism in Venezuela is practiced by over 52,000 people (roughly 0.2% of the population). The Buddhist community is made up mainly of Chinese, Japanese, and Koreans.
Most identify with the Mahayana tradition, reflecting the religious heritage of their emigrant countries.
However in the mid-1990s Keun-Tshen Goba, together with Jigme Rinzen, founded a meditation center using the Shambhala Training method.
There are Buddhist centers in Caracas, Maracay, Mérida, Puerto Ordáz, San Felipe, and Valencia.

</doc>
<doc id="18938848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938848" title="Qarahəsənli, Nakhchivan">
Qarahəsənli, Nakhchivan

Qarahəsənli (also, Karagasanli and Kara-Gasanlu) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 722.

</doc>
<doc id="18938853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938853" title="Kosacan">
Kosacan

Kosacan (also, Kosadzhan and Kasadzhan) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,226. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938856" title="Kürçülü">
Kürçülü

Kürçülü (until 2003, Kürd Çullu, Kyurdchullu, Kyurdchulu, and Kyurtchulu) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 812. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938860" title="Argazi Reservoir">
Argazi Reservoir

Argazi Reservoir () is a reservoir, created on the Miass River (Tobol's basin) in Chelyabinsk Oblast (Russia) in 1946. The Argazi Lake has become a part of the Argazi Reservoir ever since. The reservoir has a surface area of 102 km² and a water volume of 0,65 cubic km. Its length is 11 km, average depth - 6,5 m. The Argazi Reservoir was created for the benefit of energetics and water supply. It also performs perennial flow regulation. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938866" title="Qorçulu">
Qorçulu

Qorçulu (also, Qortçulu, Korchulu, and Kyurtchulu) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 689. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938867" title="Arbury Canals">
Arbury Canals

The Arbury Canals were a system of private canals, in the Arbury Estate, between Nuneaton and Bedworth in Warwickshire, England. They connected with the Coventry Canal. They were built by Sir Roger Newdigate between 1764 and 1795, and ceased to be used soon after his death in 1806. The Griff Hollows Canal was separate to the main system, and carried coal until its closure in 1961.
Geography.
The Arbury Canals consisted of seven sections of canal, which were individually named. The Griff Hollows Canal, which was not physically connected to the other six, linked the colliery at Griff to the Coventry Canal.
About one mile to the south, the main system of canals connected the Coventry Canal to the Arbury Estate, and were used to transport coal and carry produce around the estate. Both canals gained water from Seaswood Pool, just northeast of the village of Astley.
There were several branches from the main line including the Seeswood Canal which linked to Seeswood Pool, and a short branch to Hall Pool, one of the pools on the estate where water was stored. 
The entire system was approximately 6 miles (10 km) long, and included thirteen locks, each 40 ft by 6 ft (12.1 by 1.8 metres). One unusual feature was the Triple Lock, which had a 'Y' shaped chamber, with two separate entrances from above, leading to different branches.
History.
Coal was found on the Arbury estate, owned by the Newdigate family, at the beginning of the eighteenth century. Sir Richard Newdigate, the 3rd Baronet, was keen to exploit these resources. He was responsible for the introduction of Newcomen atmospheric engines, which were used to drain the mines, the first being installed in 1716. Its success was put down to luck by Desaguliers, writing in 1744, who stated that the use of condensation water had been discovered by accident, and that the valve gear, which made the machine self-acting, had been built from catches and strings by Humphrey Potter, a young lad whose job was to mind it. Whether this account was true is unknown, but it was self-acting in 1817, when Henry Beighton studied it and published a detailed engraving of the engine.
Sir Richard also constructed three "boatways" between 1700 and 1711, which were small canals used to convey coal from the outlying pits. His son, Sir Roger Newdigate, the 5th baronet, would incorporate these into a larger system. Sir Roger, who was a Member of Parliament and became the owner of Arbury Hall on the early death of his brother, was a canal enthusiast. His interest may have stemmed from his involvement with the Bridgewater Canal, where he acted as Counsel for their bill to authorise an extension to the River Mersey. He started constructing canals on his estate in 1764, and by 1795 there were about of waterways. William Bean from Derbyshire acted as engineer, assisted by the mason and bricklayer from the Arbury estate, John Morris.
The Communication Canal was constructed to link a wharf near a worsted factory to the Coventry Canal. The channel and junction were excavated in 1771, although the canal was not finished until 1773. It was long, and included a stop lock close to the junction with the Coventry Canal. This was eventually connected to the Arbury Lower Canal or Griff Canal, most of which was in use by 1771. A new branch was built to connect the Griff Canal to the road running from Arbury to the main turnpike road in 1793. The wharf at its terminus was also served by a tramway connecting it to coal pits. The connection between the two canals was made in 1794, when a staircase of four locks and another of two were completed. The branch to the wharf crossed the locks on an aqueduct, to maintain a link to the worsted factory. The canal was long, and had a feeder running from Kenilworth Pool.
The next section was called the Coventry Wood Canal, and was operational by 1771. Locks to connect it to the Griff Canal and the Arbury High Level Canal were completed in 1772, and it was long. The next section, the Arbury High Level Canal, was the earliest, as it was used for boating in 1764, and was surveyed in that year, to establish how it could be incorporated into a larger system. It was linked to the Garden Pool in 1773 by a lock, and boats could reach Hall Pool two years later, when a staircase of two locks and a single lock were built. This canal was long.
Water for the canals was originally supplied by a feeder from Seeswood Lake, but in 1777, this was enlarged to make it navigable, and in 1784 another lock was built to give access from the canal into the lake. When completed, the Seeswood Canal was long. The final part of the estate canals was the Coton Lawn Canal, which ran for from the Arbury High Level Canal to a wharf on North Walk, passing through Spring Kidden Wood on its way. It was completed in 1795.
Sir Roger also built tramways on his estate. The first connected some pits to the old wharf, but was largely redundant once the Collycroft locks were constructed. The second connected the new wharf on the main canal system to Griff Hollows wharf on the Griff Hollows Canal. It was opened on 29 July 1787, but was superseded by a double-track tramway on a slightly different route in 1793. Few other details have survived, and it is likely that they ceased operation at the same time as the canals did.
Decline.
After Newdigate's death in 1806, at the age of 88, the estate system continued to be used until 1812, but then it gradually became disused, and by 1819 the upper levels were no longer navigable. From that date the locks were replaced by weirs, and only the Communication Canal linking directly with the Coventry Canal remained navigable. Despite the decline, the canals and reservoirs were inspected by the canal engineer Benjamin Bevan in 1815 and 1817, and informed his suggestion that the unfinished Grand Western Canal could be linked to Taunton by a narrow canal, which he made in 1818. The following year he assisted Newdigate's successor after claims were made that too much water was flowing from the canals into the Coventry Communication Canal.
Today a few remains of the canal remain visible within the Arbury Estate. A number of original plans of the system are held by the Warwickshire County Record Office. Bedworth Mill, which had an undershot wheel and was fed from the canal, is a grade II listed building, and may have been the inspiration for George Eliot's "The Mill on the Floss".
Griff Hollows Canal.
The Griff Hollows Canal was quite separate to the main system. Designed to carry coal to the Coventry Canal from the Griff Hollows wharf, which was connected to collieries by a tramroad, construction began in 1785, and it was opened on 29 July 1787. It was long, and was all on one level. It remained in commercial use until the colliery closed in 1961. It continued to be navigable until 1973, when it was severed by the construction of the A444 road. The entrance can still be seen, and it still supplies water to the Coventry Canal.

</doc>
<doc id="18938868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938868" title="Igor Sysoev">
Igor Sysoev

Igor Sysoev (Russian: "Игорь Сысоев") is the creator and developer of the nginx Web server and founder of NGINX, Inc..
Sysoev was born in 1970 and grew up in Almaty, Kazakhstan (then known as Alma-Ata, Kazakh SSR). Sysoev graduated from Bauman Moscow State Technical University in 1994. Since graduation he has lived in Moscow and currently serves as Chief Technical Officer at NGINX, Inc..
Sysoev is best known as the creator and developer of nginx (pronounced "Engine X"), a HTTP, reverse proxy, and e-mail proxy server.

</doc>
<doc id="18938871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938871" title="Kürkənd, Nakhchivan">
Kürkənd, Nakhchivan

Kürkənd (until 2003, Kürdkənd, Kyurdkend, and Kyurtkend) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 858. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938873" title="Lizbirt">
Lizbirt

Lizbirt (also, Lizbirt Myubirt) is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18938880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938880" title="Buffalo Baseball Park">
Buffalo Baseball Park

Buffalo Baseball Park was a stadium in Buffalo, New York. It was used for both baseball and football, serving as the home of Buffalo Bisons of the International League, the Buffalo All-Americans of the National Football League, and several iterations of the New York Pro Football League Championship. The ballpark opened in 1889. It was located on the block bounded by East Ferry Street, Masten Avenue, Woodlawn Avenue and Michigan Avenue.
History.
After the lease ran out on Olympic Park after the conclusion of the 1888 season, a new park was built on East Ferry and Michigan Avenue. It was a wooden structure which opened for professional baseball in 1889, serving the high-minor league club's needs for well over three decades. Offermann Stadium was built on the same site in 1924.
Buffalo Public Schools #192, (Buffalo Academy For Visual and Performing Arts), now occupies the site today. In August 2012, a historical plaque was dedicated at the site in remembrance of over 72 years of baseball played on the grounds. Local Buffalo sports historian John Boutet spearheaded the project and raised the funds through the Facebook group Buffalo Sports Museum, the Greater Buffalo Sports Hall of Fame and the Buffalo Bisons.

</doc>
<doc id="18938883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938883" title="Muğanlı, Nakhchivan">
Muğanlı, Nakhchivan

Muğanlı (also, Muganly and Muganlu) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,079. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938890" title="Jim M. Courtright">
Jim M. Courtright

 
 
James ("Jim") Milton Courtright, PE (December 16, 1914 – February 21, 2003) was a Canadian track and field athlete and Vice Principal of Queen's University. His athletic career included participating in the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Germany, and the 1938 British Empire Games (now the Commonwealth Games) in Sydney, Australia, where he captured the gold medal in the javelin throw.
Early life.
Courtright was born in North Bay, Ontario, Canada, where his father worked as a civil engineer. He was the second of five children with an older sister, Celina, and three younger brothers, George, Joseph, and Homer. His brother George became a priest, while his two younger brothers both died fighting for the Canadian Forces during World War II. As a teenager his family moved to Ottawa, Ontario where he attended Glebe Collegiate Institute, and later, the University of Ottawa where he received a bachelor of arts. After completing his degree at U of O he enrolled at Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario where he received a degree in Applied Science in 1941 and would later return as a Vice Principal.
Athletic career.
It was during his time living in Ottawa that Courtright became extremely active in sports. He became a star athlete in high school, playing on the football, basketball, and track and field team. While attending the University of Ottawa Courtright began to develop his skills as a world class javelin thrower. In 1934 he ranked third in Canada, in 1935 he had improved to second and by 1936 he was the Canadian javelin champion. At the same time he continued to play varsity football, basketball, and competed in many of the other track and field events. It was his success at the javelin that provided him with a spot on the 1936 Canadian Olympic Team. Despite making it through to the final round, Courtright finished 14th in the javelin throw event.
Following the Olympics Courtright competed in the 1937 Pan-American Exposition Games (a precursor to the Pan American Games) in Dallas, Texas where he captured the gold medal in the javelin throw. That year he captured the Canadian intercollegiate championship for the shot put and retained his title in the javelin.
The next year Courtright was chosen to represent Canada in his final international tournament, the 1938 British Empire Games, in the javelin, shot put, and discus. While he managed a 9th place finish in the discus and a 7th place finish in the shot put, Courtright came through to capture the gold in his best event, the javelin.

</doc>
<doc id="18938900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938900" title="Təzəkənd, Maxta">
Təzəkənd, Maxta

Təzəkənd (also, Tazakend and Ortlu-Tazakend) is a village in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Maxta.

</doc>
<doc id="18938903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938903" title="Evangelical Mission Ministries">
Evangelical Mission Ministries

Evangelical Mission Ministries (EMM) is a non-denominational, evangelical mission agency based in Pharr, Texas, United States EMM missionaries work primarily in Mexico in the areas of church planting, evangelism, sales and distribution of Christian literature, and Christian education. Beginning in 1995, EMM constructed the Walter Gomez Evangelical Center in Pachuca, Hidalgo, that now houses a Bible College, performing arts auditorium, and administrative offices for the Mexican National Church with which it partners.
History.
Evangelical Mission Ministries (formerly Mexico Mission Ministries) was originally formed in 1954 by the Reverend Walter Gomez. Initially, the mission focused on planting churches through foreign missionaries and national workers in Northern Mexico. Due to its efforts of sharing the gospel of Jesus Christ with the people of Mexico, groups of believers began to form with concentrations in the small villages surrounding Monclova, Coahuila. The need to train Christian workers, and specifically nationals as pastors, for these growing congregations soon became apparent.
In 1955, the Mexico Mission Ministries started a Bible School just outside the city of Oaxaca to address these needs. The school moved after three years to the city of Monclova and later moved again to its current home in Pachuca in the year 2000. In 2007 the mission changed its name to 
Evangelical Mission Ministries, no longer limiting itself to Mexico for any additional fields that God may open.[http://www.emm-mexico.org]
Supporters.
EMM is a faith-based mission. Because it is not affiliated with any single church denomination, its supporters come from a wide variety of protestant and evangelical backgrounds. They also range geographically from Florida to Washington, and from California to New York. Due to a strategic partnership with Global Outreach Mission of Buffalo, New York, supporters throughout Canada are also able to receive tax-deductible contributions to the mission.

</doc>
<doc id="18938909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938909" title="Tatiana S. Riegel">
Tatiana S. Riegel

Tatiana S. Riegel A.C.E., is an American film editor known for independent films such as "Lars and the Real Girl" and "The Million Dollar Hotel" (directed by iconoclastic filmmaker, Wim Wenders). She received an ACE Eddie award for "Best Edited Miniseries or Motion Picture for Non-Commercial Television" which she shared with co-editor, Leo Trombetta.
Riegel was a long-time assistant to the late Award-winning editor Sally Menke, editor of all of Quentin Tarantino's films to date. In addition, she was the second editor on the Academy Award winning 2007 film "There Will Be Blood", directed by Paul Thomas Anderson.
Riegel is older half-sibling to actress Eden Riegel and screenwriter/voice-actor Sam Riegel. Together, the Riegel family has produced more than a dozen webisodes for the popular 2008 Internet series "Imaginary Bitches". When Eden Riegel earned the role of Bianca Montgomery on the hit daytime soap opera "All My Children," she discussed the portrayal of Bianca with Tatiana, who is a lesbian, and with the producers of "All My Children" in order to ensure that the character was not a stereotype.

</doc>
<doc id="18938911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938911" title="Parchy">
Parchy

Parchy (also, Parchi) is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18938914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938914" title="List of AMA Grand National Dirt Track Champions">
List of AMA Grand National Dirt Track Champions

List of A.M.A. Grand National Champions:

</doc>
<doc id="18938918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938918" title="Eucolpius">
Eucolpius

Eucolpius or Encolpius was an Ancient Roman writer of the third century. He is named by Lampridius as the author of a life of the emperor Alexander Severus, with whom he lived upon terms of intimacy.
A book published by Thomas Elyot, a man celebrated for his learning in the reign of Henry VIII., under the title "The Image of Governance ("Imago Imperii") compiled of the Actes and Sentences notable of the most noble emperor Alexander Severus, translated from the Greek of Eucolpius (Encolpius) into English" is a fabrication.

</doc>
<doc id="18938921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938921" title="Yao Chin">
Yao Chin

Yao Chin (born May 23, 1979) is a British actor and broadcaster. Most recently, he reported on ITV News' Morning News programme where he covered practically all the lead stories of the past four years right up the Jimmy Savile scandal. His last report on ITV was broadcast last December. Yao is also known for playing one of the leading roles in the film "Doom".
Journalism.
Yao entered journalism by winning a scholarship from ITV to study on the prestigious broadcasting course at City University. After classes and during the weekends, he worked as an Assistant News Editor and Westminster Producer at ITV News. Upon graduating, he was made permanent staff at ITV News 
as a Video Journalist. Working overnights, he was responsible for news gathering for ITN and the ITV News network, and he reported on every subject from politics and the economy, to foreign disasters and sport. As a camera operator, his interviews were often shared with and broadcast on BBC News and Sky News. His footage from the 2010 Papal State Visit was telecast live around the world via Reuters.
Acting.
It was Yao's love of singing from his school days at Dulwich College that lead him years later to acting. He first trained in musical theatre under Professors Mary Hammond and Paul Farrington of the Royal Academy of Music. Part of that training was sponsored by Sir Cameron Mackintosh. He counts amongst his acting tutors former RADA director and friend Andrew Neil. Yao has also appeared in numerous adverts and corporate videos.

</doc>
<doc id="18938927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938927" title="Plucking (hair removal)">
Plucking (hair removal)

Plucking or tweezing can mean the process of removing human hair, animal hair or a bird's feathers by mechanically pulling the item from the owner's body.
In humans, this is done for personal grooming purposes, usually with tweezers. An epilator is a motorised hair plucker. Those under the influence of deliriants or trichotillomania may pluck their own hair out of habit. 
Roman baths employed personnel solely to pluck hair from their clients' bodies.
In birds and animals, plucking is usually carried out by humans, sometimes called "pluckers", to the carcass of the subject as part of food preparation.
Poultry.
Feathers can be removed either manually or in a tumbling machine. Both methods require the feathers to be first loosened by submerging the slaughtered bird in hot water. Manual plucking involves pulling out the larger feathers then removing the down with a rubbing action. Automated plucking machines use rubber posts protruding from the inside of a spinning drum to pull the feathers from the bird. This process takes less than 30 seconds, whereas manual plucking typically takes several minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="18938928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938928" title="Malton Range">
Malton Range

The Malton Range is a mountain range in southeastern British Columbia, Canada, located southwest of the Canoe Reach of Kinbasket Lake and east of the Albreda River, north of Dominion Mountain. It has an area of 451 km2 and is a subrange of the Monashee Mountains which in turn form part of the Columbia Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="18938929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938929" title="Arpaçay, Azerbaijan">
Arpaçay, Azerbaijan

Arpaçay (until 2003, Sovetabad and Shuraabad) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 506. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938935" title="Sovetabad, Nakhchivan">
Sovetabad, Nakhchivan

Sovetabad, Nakhchivan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18938940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938940" title="They Came to a City">
They Came to a City

They Came to a City is a 1945 British film directed by Basil Dearden adapted from a J. B. Priestley play. It stars John Clements, Googie Withers, Raymond Huntley, Renee Gadd, A. E. Matthews and others, and is notable for including a cameo guest appearance by Priestley as himself. The plot concerns the experiences of various people who have come to live in their "ideal" city, and explores their hopes and reasons for doing so. Many of the cast had also performed their roles in the original stage play.

</doc>
<doc id="18938948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938948" title="Suspension training">
Suspension training

The term suspension training refers to an approach to strength training that uses a system of ropes and webbing called a "suspension trainer" to allow the user to work against their own body weight.
Intellectual Property.
The capitalized description "Suspension Training" is a registered trade and service mark of Fitness Anywhere Inc. in the United States under USPTO Reg. Nos. 3255160 and 3255161.
Description.
The field of suspension training is a form of resistance training that includes bodyweight exercises in which a variety of multi-planar, compound exercise movements can be performed. These are done with the aim of developing strength, balance, flexibility, and joint stability simultaneously.
History.
Rope training has been around as early as the 1800s.
Randy Hetrick, a former Navy Seal and Stanford MBA graduate, developed TRX equipment and the associated Suspension Training bodyweight exercises in the 1990s, and started marketing it in 2005. Kurt Dasbach, a former professional soccer player in Chile, discovered an ancient Andean conditioning system that utilized ropes while playing in South America and developed a rival product, Inkaflexx, around the same time.
In 2008, ex Bristol City F.C. fitness coaching team Mark Hammond and Pete Faulkner developed the FKPro two strap system. In 2009 Fabio Martella MMA coaching wrote the first TRX technical manual in Italy. Another alternative is the aeroSling ELITE made in Germany. This "Suspended Pulley Trainer" also contains a pulley system. The Hook Isometrics/Suspension Trainer by Sierra Exercise Equipment enables the user to use it for either suspension training or isometrics training. In 2010 Zita Alves, a Personal Trainer and Fitness Entrepreneur developed the Ztrainer Suspension Fitness System.
Benefits and criticism.
Proponents of suspension training argue that it develops core body strength, as well as joint and muscular stability, reducing the chance of injury. Some sports scientists have expressed concern that weaker individuals may not have the core stability or joint integrity to use the system safely and effectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18938952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938952" title="Johnny Moore (trumpeter)">
Johnny Moore (trumpeter)

John Arlington "Dizzy" Moore OD was a Jamaican trumpet player and founding member of pioneering Jamaican ska and reggae act, The Skatalites.
Biography.
A friend of his attended the Alpha Boys School, which catered for wayward boys and was renowned for its strong musical programme, and impressed by his playing, Moore decided on a strategy of misbehaving to get sent there himself, which worked after (he later claimed) pulling "a couple of pranks" to show that he was "going haywire". While at the school he took up the trumpet and studied musical composition under bandleader Ruben Delgado. On leaving the school, he joined the army, playing in the Jamaica Military Band. He was dismissed from the army after three years on a charge of being "not amenable to military service". He then joined the Mapletoft Poulle Orchestra, and Eric Dean's band, but was thrown out for growing dreadlocks. He regularly visited the Rastafarian camp led by Count Ossie at Wareika Hill, and worked as a session musician in the early 1960s, and played in studio band The Cavaliers. Moore and other Cavaliers members Jackie Mittoo, Lloyd Brevett, and Lloyd Knibb then joined with Tommy McCook in the new band The Skatalites in 1964. When the Skatalites split into two bands in 1965, Moore joined the Soul Vendors, led by Roland Alphonso. The Skatalites reformed in 1983, with many of the original members, including Moore.
In October 2007, Moore was awarded the Order of Distinction in the Rank of Officer (OD) for pioneering work in popularising Jamaican music.
Moore died of colon cancer on August 16, 2008 at the age of 69.

</doc>
<doc id="18938968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938968" title="Sovetabad">
Sovetabad

Sovetabad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18938974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938974" title="Sabirkənd, Nakhchivan">
Sabirkənd, Nakhchivan

Sabirkənd (also, Sabirkend and Sumbatan-diza) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,024. 

</doc>
<doc id="18938979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938979" title="Tangov">
Tangov

Tangov (also, Tango) is a village in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18938987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938987" title="Vələver">
Vələver

Vələver (, "Vaghaver"; also, Vələvər, Valavar, and Valaver) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 457.

</doc>
<doc id="18938991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938991" title="Herbert-Ernst Vahl">
Herbert-Ernst Vahl

Herbert Ernst Vahl was a Brigadeführer (Major General) and Generalmajor in the Waffen-SS during World War II. He was the commander of the 2nd SS Panzer Division "Das Reich" and the 4th SS Polizei Division, who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Herbert Ernst Vahl, was born on 9 October 1896 at Posen, Prussian Province of Posen.
World War I.
During World War I he joined the 7th Infantry Regiment in 1914, being selected to become an officer on 8 January 1915.
He served on the Western Front at the Somme and Verdun. He was twice wounded in 1916 and 1917 and by the end of World War I, had been awarded the Iron Cross 1st and 2nd class.
Between the wars.
At the end of World War I, Vahl had decided to stay in the Army (Reichswehr). He served as an Instructor in several of the Military schools, before being posted to the 14rh Company, 16th Reiter Regiment (Cavalry) in Berlin.
In November 1936 Vahl was promoted to Major and posted to the II.Battalion, 4th Panzer Regiment, 2nd Panzer Division.
World War II.
In September 1939 Vahl was promoted to Oberstleutnant (Lieutenant Colonel), and posted to command the 65th Panzer Battalion, 6th Panzer Division which he served with during the Polish Campaign.
In May 1940 he was in command of the 101st Panzer Battalion, which was a special unit comprising only flamethrower tanks. He commanded this Battalion during the Battle of France, the invasion of the Balkans (Operation Marita) and the Invasion of Russia (Operation Barbarosa).
During this time he was awarded the German Cross in Gold and the Panzer Badge.
Vahl's Battalion was then attached to the German 3rd Infantry Division (Motorised) and moved to the Leningrad sector of the front.
On 13 December 1941 Vahl was promoted to Oberst (Colonel) and given command of the 29th Panzer Regiment, 12th Panzer Division.
In 1942 under orders from Berlin Vahl left the Heer and joined the Waffen SS, and is given the rank of Standartenführer (Colonel), and posted to the "Das Reich" Division as the commander of the 2nd SS Panzer regiment.
In February 1943, Vahl was promoted to Oberführer (Brigadier General), and given command of the "Das Reich" which was stationed in Russia. While in command during the Battle of Kharkov he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and was seriously wounded at Bielgorod.
In April 1943 while recovering from his wounds he was promoted to Brigadeführer (Major General) and Generalmajor of the Waffen SS. After recovering from his wounds he became the Inspector of Panzer troops in the SS Führungshauptamt (SS main office).
In July 1944 Vahl returned to active service with the 4th SS Polizei Division which was in Greece serving in Thessalonika fighting against partisans.
Vahl arrived to assume command of the Division on the 13 July 1944 but was killed in a motoring accident on the 22 July 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="18938993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938993" title="Yaycı">
Yaycı

Yaycı (also, Yaydzhi, Yaydzhy, and – Yājī-ye Āz̄arbāyjān) is a village and the most populous municipality, except for the capital Julfa, in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 5,857. 

</doc>
<doc id="18939024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939024" title="Jeremy Duchesne">
Jeremy Duchesne

Jeremy Duchesne (born October 17, 1986) is an American-born Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who plays for the Saint-Georges Cool FM 103.5 of the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey (LNAH). His father is the late Gaetan Duchesne. He was born in the Washington, D.C. area suburbs, while his father played for the Washington Capitals, but grew up in Quebec City, Quebec.
Playing career.
Duchesne was selected 119th overall in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft by the Philadelphia Flyers. He made his NHL debut on April 1, 2010 with the Flyers against the New York Islanders, allowing one goal in 17 minutes of action after relieving Brian Boucher in the third period.

</doc>
<doc id="18939026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939026" title="The Day (New London)">
The Day (New London)

The Day newspaper, formerly known as "The New London Day", is a local newspaper based in New London, Connecticut published by The Day Publishing Company. The newspaper has won Newspaper of the Year and the Best Daily Newspaper Award from the New England Press Association. It has twice won the Horace Greeley Award for "courage and outstanding effectiveness in serving the public." It has won the American Society of Newspaper Editors Example of Excellence in Small Newspaper award and the Columbia Journalism Review has listed it as one of the top 100 newspapers in the country with a circulation of less than 100,000 copies.
History.
It was founded in 1881 as a mouthpiece of the local Republican Party in an era when many American newspapers served political parties. Gary Farrugia has served as Publisher since 2001.
The paper endorsed Democratic Party candidate Senator Barack Obama for President of the United States in the 2008 election cycle.
Ever since the death of its founder, Theodore Bodenwein, "The Day" has been held in public trust, and is still independent.
The Day Trust devotes its attention to operating the newspaper and supporting a charitable foundation, the Bodenwein Public Benevolent Foundation. This arrangement ensures that the newspaper will remain independent and locally-owned and that profits from the newspaper will be distributed to non-profit organizations within The Day's primary circulation area.
In October 2010, The New England Newspaper & Press Association recognized The Day as its Newspaper of the Year for its weekday edition and Newspaper of the Year for its Sunday edition in the 25,000 to 40,000 circulation category.
The Day also received NENPA's Publick Occurrences award in recognition "of outstanding journalism in 2010 for flood coverage" that included its print, photographic and Web component in theday.com. The recognition came for coverage of the flooding in late March and early April that devastated many communities in southeastern Connecticut and southern Rhode Island.
In December 2009, theday.com was recognized as New England's Website of the Year. That same year, reporter Lee Howard won the Theodore Driscoll Investigative Reporting Award for a series of stories about H1-B visa abuses. [http://www.theday.com/article/20090523/NWS/305239937/0/SEARCH]
The Day's multimedia producer Peter Huoppi earned two Regional Emmy Awards in May 2010 for its multimedia series, "The Deaf Kid Who Played Rock n Roll" reported by Joe Wojtas; and "Stories of the Silent Service" reported by Jennifer Grogan.
In 2012, political reporter JC Reindl won the Theodore Driscoll award for an article that raised questions about Connecticut’s investment in the ticket resale company TicketNetwork. And Editorial Page Editor Paul Choiniere took home the First Amendment Award for a series of editorials on freedom of information issues [http://www.theday.com/article/20090523/NWS/305239937/0/SEARCH].

</doc>
<doc id="18939052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939052" title="Mickey Hamill">
Mickey Hamill

Michael "Mickey" Hamill (19 January 1889 – 23 July 1943) was an Irish association football wing half who played professionally in Ireland, Scotland, England and the United States.
A native of West Belfast, he learned to play Gaelic football before turning to association football. His first clubs were St Paul's Swifts and Belfast Rangers. After signing for Belfast Celtic, he made his debut against Shelbourne in 1909, but only became a first-team regular at inside-right from 1910 onwards. A skilful performance in a friendly against Celtic F.C. led to Manchester United signing him for a new record fee of £175 on New Year's Eve 1910.
His career at Manchester United was blighted by irregular appearances in the first team. A disagreement over a benefit match led to Hamill returning to Belfast Celtic on a free transfer. The fact that Manchester United received no indemnity for the loss of Hamill's services led to an agreement being established between the Football League and the Irish League regarding the transfer of players between the two leagues.
In 1914, Hamill led Ireland to their first Home Championship win. This included a victory over England at Ayresome Park, Middlebrough, which was considered by many to be Hamill's greatest-ever game. However he would be capped by Ireland on just seven occasions; he later refused to play for Ireland until alleged discrimination against Catholic players by the Irish Football Association ceased.
Hamill won his first Irish Cup medal with Belfast Celtic in 1918, playing through a knee injury to lead his team to victory over Linfield.
During World War I, Hamill had played in Scotland for a season with Celtic, winning a League and Charity Cup medal. In 1920, after Belfast Celtic temporarily withdrew from competitive football, he returned to Manchester, this time to play for Manchester City.
Hamill later returned to Belfast Celtic but left again in 1925, just after having married. His destination was Fall River, Massachusetts, where he would play for the Fall River Marksmen. He played only two 1924–1925 pre-season exhibition games with the Marksmen. In the first, he performed masterfully in 3–2 victory over the Boston Soccer Club. His second trial game was a fiasco and the team released him after the match. He then immediately signed with Wonder Workers. He spent two seasons in Boston before moving to the New York Giants at the start of the 1926–1927 season. He played only one game before returning to Ireland.
When Hamill returned to Ireland, he signed yet again for Belfast Celtic where he ended his playing career after the 1929–1930 season. He would later manage Belfast club Distillery and run the 'Centre-Half Bar' on Belfast's Falls Road.
His drowned body was recovered from the River Lagan at Lisburn on 23 July 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="18939089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939089" title="Mother's ring">
Mother's ring

A mother's ring is a type of memorial jewelry. It has a birthstone for each of the children of a woman, either living or dead. They can represent a mother or grandmother's family, can include birthstones for other family members, and can be given upon the birth of a new child or grandchild.
History.
It started as two wedding bands joined together by the birthstones of the sons of a couple, which sold very well during the Mother's Day season as a present to your own mother or to your wife.
The name is trademarked since 1959 by jewelry company John C. Nordt Co.
Variations.
Standard birthstone rings feature the birthstone of the ring's wearer, but mother's rings include the birthstones of all of her children. In some cases the birthstones of the parents are also set in the ring. Some are also personalized with the names of family members, or the family name.
Similar rings, often featuring the birthstones of both her children and grandchildren, are sometimes given to grandmothers as well. These rings are popular Mother's Day gifts, and are often given to a mother or grandmother upon the birth of a new child or grandchild, both as a new ring or to replace an old one.

</doc>
<doc id="18939096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939096" title="New Holstein Municipal Airport">
New Holstein Municipal Airport

New Holstein Municipal Airport is a city owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) west of the central business district of New Holstein, a city in Calumet County, Wisconsin, United States. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
The airport is located on the west edge of the city on County Highway H.
Facilities and aircraft.
New Holstein Municipal Airport covers an area of 267 acres (108 ha) at an elevation of 992 feet (302 m) above mean sea level. It has two runways: 14/32 is 3,600 by 75 feet (1,097 x 23 m) with an asphalt surface and 4/22 is 2,951 by 250 feet (899 x 76 m) with a turf surface.
The main runway was paved in 1958. Drath Aircraft Services is the fixed base operator.
For the 12-month period ending June 9, 2011, the airport had 7,900 aircraft operations, an average of 21 per day: 95% general aviation, 2.5% air taxi, and 2.5% military. At that time there were 16 aircraft based at this airport: 87.5% single-engine and 12.5% ultralight.

</doc>
<doc id="18939147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939147" title="Augustasaurus">
Augustasaurus

Augustasaurus is a genus of aquatic sauropterygian reptile belonging to the Pistosauria, a clade containing plesiosaurs and their close relatives. "Pistosaurus" and "Augustasaurus" were thought to be the only known members of the family Pistosauridae. However, some recent cladistic analyses found "Augustasaurus" to be a more advanced pistosaur, as a sister group of the order Plesiosauria. The only known species of "Augustasaurus" is "Augustasaurus hagdorni ", which was first described in 1997.
Etymology.
The first part of "Augustasaurus"' name comes from the Augusta Mountains of northwestern Nevada, where its fossil bones were first discovered. The second part of the name is the Greek word "sauros" ("σαυρος"), which means "lizard" or "reptile." The type species, "Augustasaurus hagdorni", was named in honor of the paleontologist Hans Hagdorn.
Description.
"Augustasaurus"' skull shares many general characteristics with its relative, "Pistosaurus", such as tall, blade-like upper temporal arches. The skull's elongated rostrum tapers to a dull point, the anterior premaxillary and maxillary teeth have been described as "fang-like", and the squamosal makes a box-like suspensorium.
The dorsal neural spines of "Augustasaurus" are low with rugose tops. Its coracoids are large plates similar to those in other plesiosaurs. However, the coracoid foramen are missing from "Agustasaurus", in a way similar to those in the plesiosaur "Corosaurus". Its cervical ribs have anterior process, and like most plesiosaurs, "Augustasaurus"' vertebrae have "thickened transverse processes".
Distribution.
"Augustasaurus" is known from the Augusta Mountains of northwestern Nevada (United States). The holotype specimen was found in the Favret Formation, which dates from the mid-Triassic period, of Pershing County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="18939156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939156" title="Siegfried I, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst">
Siegfried I, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst

Siegfried I, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst (b. ca. 1230 – d. Köthen, 25 March 1298), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Zerbst.
He was the youngest son of Henry I, Count of Anhalt (who was raised to the rank of prince in 1218), by his wife Irmgard, daughter of Hermann I, Landgrave of Thuringia.
Life.
After the death of his father in 1252, in accordance with the family law of the House of Ascania, the sons of the late Prince divided his lands. Siegfried received Zerbst. His style "Count of Köthen-Dessau" (used from 1253) derived from the territories he received as his inheritance.
In 1247, after the death of Henry Raspe, the last Landgrave of Thuringia from the Ludowinger Dynasty and the resulting War of the Thuringen Succession, the young Siegfried occupied the Palatine County (German: "Pfalzgrafschaft"), by right of his mother Irmgard. Later he renounced the county in favor of the House of Wettin in exchange for a monetary compensation.
In 1290 Siegfried renounced his rule to become a preaching monk (German: "Predigermönch"). As a result, his eldest son Albert became the new ruler of Zerbst, although the former prince retained his rank until his death.
Marriage and issue.
In 17 October 1259, Siegfried married Katharina (Karin), daughter of Birger Magnusson, later known as Birger jarl, Regent of Sweden, by his wife Princess Ingeborg Eriksdotter of Sweden, sister of King Eric XI of Sweden. At the time of the wedding, the bride's older brother was King Waldemar of Sweden by right of their mother. They had ten children:

</doc>
<doc id="18939165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939165" title="44th Infantry Regiment (United States)">
44th Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 44th (Philippine Scout) Infantry Regiment (44th INF (PS)) was part of USAFFE's Philippine Division during World War II.
History of the 44th Infantry Regiment.
The 44th Infantry Regiment was formed in 1921 and it became a Philippine Scout unit and joined the Philippine Division. In 1922, the unit was deactivated.
The Philippine Division, now redesignated the 12th Infantry Division (PS), was reactivated in 1946, along with its component units, primarily to compensate for the demobilization of American army units. The 44th Infantry Regiment (PS) was reformed for occupation duty on Okinawa and inactivated in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="18939199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939199" title="Minister of Everything">
Minister of Everything

A Minister of Everything, sometimes also called Minister for Everything, refers to a Minister who wields great and wide-reaching power in the government, usually as the head of a powerful and influential ministry (often a "super ministry" combining two or more portfolios), but also can influence government machinery outside his direct control. The title is unofficial, and often assigned by the media or other political figures. Ministers who are seen as holding the title are often regarded as the second most powerful person in the government after the head of government, and often (but not always) this position is cemented by holding the official title of Deputy Prime Minister/Deputy Premier/Deputy First Minister etc. The term can also be used as a criticism of heads of government who take a more hands on approach in governing and give ministers less independence, or a head of government who hold additional powerful cabinet portfolios. 
List of figures who have been considered of holding the title:

</doc>
<doc id="18939210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939210" title="Bitam">
Bitam

Bitam is a town in northern Gabon on the N2 road on the border with Cameroon.. Population 7,473 (1993) 
It is home to a large market, an airport and a small museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18939258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939258" title="CorVel Corporation">
CorVel Corporation

CorVel Corporation is a provider of healthcare management services and solutions for workers' compensation, auto & liability, group health and disability insurance markets. The company’s target markets include: employers, insurance companies, third party administrators, and state and municipal governments. In addition to their national network of over 750,000 preferred healthcare providers, CorVel offers claims management, case management, medical bill review and disability management programs. The name CorVel is based on the Latin language meaning "of one heart".
History.
In 1987, Gordon Clemons joined with Jim Michael and Jeff Michael, investors from Minnesota and founded CorVel Corporation (originally named FORTIS). Three small vocational rehabilitation firms were consolidated to form the initial foundation of the new Company, valued at approximately $2 million with over 200 associates.
Within two years the Company expanded to 51 US locations and they entered the medical bill review and medical case management business.
In 1991 the Company first issued stock to the public and began trading on the NYSE at a market capitalization value of $43 million. The offering raised $3.5 million, net of the repayment of venture funding. The following year the Fortis name was sold, raising $4 million and the Company changed its name to CorVel Corporation. With the funding from the name sale, CorVel began building a national preferred provider organization (PPO).
During the mid '90s CorVel doubled its office network again, and expanded its software offerings. PPO services became an important part of most healthcare management sales. Out of network medical review was added to the portfolio of provider programs.
Operations.
CorVel had revenues of $380 million for fiscal year ending March 31, 2011.
CorVel is licensed to do business in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico.

</doc>
<doc id="18939266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939266" title="National Off-Highway Vehicle Conservation Council">
National Off-Highway Vehicle Conservation Council

The National Off-Highway Vehicle Conservation Council (NOHVCC) is a publicly supported, education foundation organized for the sole purpose of developing and providing a wide spectrum of programs, materials and information, or “tools”, to individuals, clubs, associations and agencies in order to further a positive future for responsible OHV recreation.
The primary purpose of the National Off-Highway Vehicle Conservation Council is to help off-highway riders (ATVs, dirt bikes and 4x4s) keep their riding areas open, and create new ones, by giving them the tools to organize, gather funds, work with local politicians, land owners, and land managers, and other ways to keep the sport happy and healthy. Rider education (promoting safe and responsible riding practices) is also a very important part of their mission since they believe that responsible riders are the best way to keep riding areas open. The organization also hosts detailed workshops and an annual conference for professional OHV (Off-Highway Vehicle) land managers and agencies.
The reason the NOHVCC was formed in 1991 was to gather the nation’s most influential OHV activists and pick their brains for what works and what doesn’t in their battle to keep riding areas open, as well as starting new ones.
Every year they gather in one place to meet with all the NOHVCC State Partners as well as many other important OHV organizers and land managers to share and record information. This info eventually becomes the basis for the ‘tools’ they utilize in their literature and consulting services. Their intensive organizational and management workshops that are held at various locations throughout the country dispense important information to OHV activists and federal and state land managers.
The NOHVCC is a non-profit organization that doesn’t solicit memberships or money from the grassroots weekend riders.
NOHVCC Vision, Values, Mission and Objectives.
Vision
OHV recreation is a nationally accepted outdoor activity and quality opportunities are readily available to all who wish to participate responsibly.
Values
We value OHV Recreation as a means to provide:
Quality family and social time;
Healthy, physical outdoor activity for a broad range of ages, physical abilities and interests;
Experiences that promote a responsible life style;
Enjoyment of and appreciation for natural and cultural resources; and
Relief from the pressures of daily life.
Mission
NOHVCC, as a national body of OHV recreation enthusiasts, develops and provides a wide spectrum of programs, materials and information, or “tools”, to individuals, clubs, associations and agencies in order to further a positive future for responsible OHV recreation.
Mission Objectives
Help establish new OHV clubs and state associations where they don’t exist;
Strengthen existing clubs and state associations by providing information, training and services to help them be more effective;
Improve and promote responsible OHV recreation management and resource protection by working in partnership with private and public land managers and recreation planners;
Provide and promote best management practices for OHV recreation planning, development and management to policy makers;
Promote a positive OHV recreation image to all publics;
Build a better understanding of responsible OHV recreation among all publics;
Build recognition and acceptance that OHV recreation is a positive activity and promotes a responsible life style;
Provide broad-based, ongoing educational opportunities for OHV recreationists, recreation planners and decision-makers; 
Provide and promote educational, safety, ethics, environmental and character-building programs for all OHV recreationists including youth; and
Emphasize the benefits of responsible recreation behavior and raise awareness of the impacts from irresponsible recreation activity.
References.
NOHVCC Website; http://nohvcc.org/
http://www.4x4review.com/feature/nohvcc.asp
http://www.americantrails.org/nttp/NOHVCCnttp.html
http://www.allbusiness.com/sector-44-45-retail-trade/motor-vehicle-parts-dealers/1175045-1.html
http://motorcycling.speedtv.com/article/nohvcc-to-conduct-new-post-route-designation-workshop-series/
External links.
NOHVCC Website; http://nohvcc.org/

</doc>
<doc id="18939295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939295" title="Geydere">
Geydere

Geydere may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18939302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939302" title="Healthiest State in the Nation Campaign">
Healthiest State in the Nation Campaign

The Healthiest State in the Nation Campaign, is a statewide effort started in Washington state in the United States in 2004 by the Washington Health Foundation (WHF), a non-partisan, non-profit organization based in Seattle, with the mission of improving health for the people of the state.
Launched on September 18, 2004, the campaign encourages improvement in six action areas by educating and engaging leaders, policymakers, businesses and the public through its interactive website at HealthiestState.org and many events throughout the year. By emphasizing the promotion of personal responsibility and building of collective actions that make healthy choices easy, the campaign seeks to achieve the ultimate goal of moving Washington’s health rank to number one.
Since 2004, the Healthiest State Campaign has become the largest civic engagement campaign for health in Washington state history, involving more than 40,000 individual champions, 1,300 businesses and organizations and 400 schools.
History.
When Washington’s rank in the America’s Health Rankings 2003 national report dropped out of the top ten, the Washington Health Foundation (WHF) channeled its efforts toward leading a major health reform in the state.
Community Roundtables.
After completing a series of polling, WHF found that Washington citizens wanted to be more involved in changing the health care system, viewing it as a shared responsibility with the government and the community. WHF addressed these findings by holding Community Roundtables in every county of Washington, fostering discussion between public and private leaders, organizations, businesses, advocacy groups and local citizens on their common health values.
Over the span of three months, the Community Roundtables resulted in 44 meetings, 1,200 people participating and 10,000 individual responses. WHF then had a researcher from the University of Washington analyze and condense these responses. The result yielded nine “Key Values” – ideas of importance to the public regarding the health care system:
Washington Health Leadership Summit.
As a direct outgrowth of the Community Roundtables and its subsequent research, WHF coordinated the Washington Health Leadership Summit, calling together both Republican and Democrat elected officials, business leaders, citizen action groups, health and health care policymakers and concerned individuals to determine the common values that would serve as the basis for an improved health system. The two-day event was held on October 27–28, 2003 at the Seattle Seahawks Stadium where the nine “Key Values” were presented and then prioritized via instant electronic voting after extensive discussion. In addition to the nine “Key Values,” Summit participants agreed upon adding a 10th value – to educate and engage the people of Washington state on these issues surrounding health care improvement.
These ten values formed the foundation of the Washington Health Leadership Resolution calling on Washington leaders to “set aside special interests and partisan differences” and work together to design a health care system based on the values adopted at the Summit. Signed by more than 250 Washington leaders including Washington Governor Gary Locke, Democratic and Republican state legislators and King County Executive Ron Sims, the Resolution and its Values lay the groundwork for the creation of the Healthiest State Campaign.
The Campaign.
To educate and engage the people of Washington state on health issues, the Healthiest State in the Nation Campaign was created as a long-term civic engagement effort. Using the United Health Foundation’s America’s Health Rankings model as a guide, the Healthiest State Campaign was developed around six action areas, each with two health measures used in determining the state’s health rank. The campaign aimed to improve these areas through civic engagement all the while emphasizing the importance of both personal responsibility and collective action in making Washington the Healthiest State.
Healthiest State Campaign's launch and beyond.
On September 18, 2004, Washington Governor Gary Locke helped launch the Healthiest State in the Nation Campaign, proclaiming the date “Washington Health Day.” With the launch, the entirety of Washington’s Congressional Delegation became the first official endorsers of the campaign.
In 2005, WHF developed a web data system to more effectively engage the Washington public in the Healthiest State Campaign. The newly developed system played a prominent role in the first Governor’s Health Bowl, a statewide event sponsored by WHF and led by Washington’s new Governor, Christine Gregoire.
The event was kicked off by Governor Christine Gregoire’s challenge to the Washington state public to earn One Million Miles of health. More than 17,000 individuals, 300 organizations and 115 schools took on the challenge by logging their miles of physical activity at WHF’s website. The campaign website at HealthiestState.org also awarded additional points to those who correctly answered questions about health systems in Washington. That year, Washington state moved up one from 15th to 14th in the 2005 edition of America’s Health Rankings.
2005 also marked the launch of the Healthiest State Campaign’s quarterly magazine, thrive!. Distributed through the state’s Health Care Authority in libraries, universities, schools and hospitals, the magazine’s circulation at its launch was 150,000 statewide. thrive! provides readers with resources and ideas to “encourage healthier lifestyles and systems” as well as highlighting the success stories of those impacting Washington health. Past issues have featured local celebrities like Suzy Preston, a winner on NBC’s The Biggest Loser and Seattle Seahawk Shaun Alexander.
The campaign began to actively embark upon the political and policy aspects of health in 2006, developing a Healthiest State priority list and working with the Washington State Legislature to produce laws and policies to improve Washington health. To streamline the action in all realms of the campaign, WHF released the 2006 Report Card on Washington’s Health, assessing Washington’s rank in 18 health measures and outcomes which were heavily derived from America’s Health Rankings.
The results of the 2006 Report Card quickly permeated all branches of the campaign, its measures becoming the focus of the 2006 Governor’s Health Bowl. Different from its previous year, the 2006 Health Bowl became a six-week event, included a 2.5 Million Mile challenge from Governor Gregoire and featured its first ever Healthiest Business Challenge sponsored by the Greater Seattle Chamber of Commerce and the Spokane Chamber of Commerce. But the 2006 Health Bowl also retained many of its original features such as the Healthiest School Challenge, where schools across the state strove to be the school with the most miles logged. Along with stressing the importance of physical activity, the reach of the 2006 Health Bowl broadened to highlight systemic changes that the community could take to improve Washington’s health rank. With its growing numbers in participation and partnering organizations, the annual Health Bowl quickly became the Healthiest State Campaign’s signature event.
Throughout the remainder of the year, the Healthiest State Campaign has worked to address the many measures of the Report Card with events like the Heroes of Health Gala, the New Year’s Resolution Challenge, the Healthy Schools Summit, the Latina Health Fair and the Spring Training Challenge, all working to engage and educate the Washington public on matters of health. In 2007, Washington state’s health rank climbed to 12th from 15th in America’s Health Rankings, becoming one of five states to earn the title of “most improved state.” In 2008, Washington claimed a spot in the top ten, ranking 10th in WHF’s 2008 Report Card.
Healthiest State xChange.
The Washington Health Foundation's Healthiest State in the Nation Campaign unveiled its latest health innovation at the start of 2011 - the Healthiest State xChange. The Healthiest State xChange offers a different approach to health insurance. One that is motivated by health, not profit.
The Healthiest State xChange is a new service designed to help individuals and businesses navigate health insurance while also directly improving the health of the people of Washington. And here’s the best part – it won’t cost a dime in extra money.
The premise is simple. Insurance broker fees are already built into the premium that most people (living in Washington state) pay for their health insurance, whether they know it or not. These broker fees, included in Community Rated Insurance Plans, are approved by the state. The Washington Health Foundation believes that it can use this money in a way that not only provides greater value to people buying health insurance, but also benefits the health of people across our state.
As people assign the Washington Health Foundation as their broker of record, they can be assured that their hard-earned money will not disappear into the system. Instead - WHF will use the fees to help people make better health coverage decisions, and will build a bridge that connects people and their families to a healthier lifestyle. Part of this service will be providing clients with personalized assistance as they build a Health HoME - a unique set of tools that empower people to take control over their health decisions.

</doc>
<doc id="18939324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939324" title="Sol Shor">
Sol Shor

Sol Shor (July 17, 1913 – May 1985) was a film and television screenwriter credited mostly with B-westerns and movie serials.
Shor was born in the Bronx and graduated from the City College of New York. After working as general manager of the Novelty Manufacturing Company and as a freelancer, Shor was signed as a writer to Republic Pictures in 1937.
Sol Shor admitted to having been an American Communist Party member before the House Un-American Activities Committee and named other party members in his testimony.
Shor died in May 1985 in New Rochelle, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18939348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939348" title="Anita O'Day discography">
Anita O'Day discography

Columbia and Capitol Records: 1941–1946.
In her first recordings, Anita O'Day was the featured vocalist with the big bands of Gene Krupa (1941-1942 and 1945-1946) and Stan Kenton (1944). In the 1940s, Columbia and Capitol Records released the recordings of Krupa and Kenton, respectively, on 78 rpm disks with one song per side. In later decades the tracks were anthologized in albums in other media.
Signature, Coral, Advance, Alto, Mercury Records: 1946–1951.
In her first years as a solo act, Anita O'Day recorded several dozen live and in-studio songs, including ten tracks produced by Bob Thiele in Fall 1947 for the Signature label.
Clef and Norgran Records: 1951–1956.
Anita O'Day sang with small and large studio ensembles for the Clef and Norgran labels formed by Norman Granz.
Verve Records: 1956–1964.
This time period brought O'Day to the attention of the Jazz world, making 14 records. O'Day became the first artist to record for Norman Granz's newly formed Verve Records. 
BASF/MPS Records: 1970.
Spending several years kicking her drug and alcohol habit, O'Day re-emerged onto the music scene in 1970.
Emily Records, Kayo Stereophonics: 1975–2006.
O'Day named Emily Records after her dog in 1975. This time period would document her strong comeback, with her first studio recordings, since leaving Verve Records in 1963. Most of her recordings in the 1970s would take place in Japan, as jazz became popular in the country. 

</doc>
<doc id="18939349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939349" title="Seppo Harjanne">
Seppo Harjanne

Seppo Harjanne (born 28 February 1948) is a Finnish former rally co-driver. He is best known for co-driving for Timo Salonen from 1979 to 1988 and for Tommi Mäkinen from 1990 to 1997. With Salonen, Harjanne took ten World Rally Championship victories for the factory teams of Datsun, Peugeot and Mazda, and the 1985 drivers' world championship title in a Peugeot 205 Turbo 16 E2. With Mäkinen, competing mainly for the Team Mitsubishi Ralliart, he won ten more WRC events along with the 1996 and 1997 drivers' titles in a Lancer Evolution.
Harjanne retired after the 1997 season and Mäkinen went on to take two more titles with Risto Mannisenmäki. At the time of his retirement, Harjanne held the co-driver records for most wins and most titles (tied with Juha Piironen) in the WRC. His record for most wins has since been surpassed by Luís Moya, Nicky Grist, Daniel Elena and Timo Rautiainen, and his record for most titles by Elena.
Since 2000, Harjanne has worked as a Deputy Clerk of the Course of Rally Finland and assisted in organising several other international rallies.

</doc>
<doc id="18939365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939365" title="Betsy Johnson (Oregon politician)">
Betsy Johnson (Oregon politician)

Elizabeth "Betsy" Johnson (born c. 1950) is an American politician in the state of Oregon. A Democrat, she is serving her second term in the Oregon State Senate representing the 16th Senate District, which includes the cities of Tillamook, Astoria, St. Helens, and Seaside. Johnson previously served in the Oregon House of Representatives.
She began serving in the Senate in January 2005, initially being appointed to succeed Joan Dukes, who had vacated the seat to take another position. She was elected to the seat the following year.
Personal.
Johnson's father, Sam Johnson, served several terms in the Oregon House in the 1960s and 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="18939373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939373" title="Sidney Township">
Sidney Township

Sidney Township may refer to several places:

</doc>
<doc id="18939380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939380" title="A Place to Go">
A Place to Go

A Place to Go is a 1963 British crime drama film directed by Basil Dearden and starring Bernard Lee, Rita Tushingham and Michael Sarne. Set in contemporary Bethnal Green in east London it charted the dramatic changes that were happening in the lives of the British working-class at the time, fitting into the kitchen sink school of film making which was extremely popular in Britain at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="18939392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939392" title="HD share">
HD share

HD share is a now defunct video sharing website where users could upload, view and share video clips.
HD share was launched on 1 July 2008.
The site uses Flash Video to display content.
HD share was one of the first websites to exclusively host high definition videos.
Sometime in 2011 HD share was shut down due to unknown reasons.
Technical Informations.
HD share's video playback technology was based on Macromedia's Flash Player. This technology allows the site to display videos with quality comparable to more established video playback technologies (such as Windows Media Player, QuickTime and RealPlayer) that generally require the user to download and install a web browser plugin in order to view video. Flash also requires a plug-in, but Adobe considers the Flash 7 plug-in to be present on about 90% of online computers. Users can view videos in windowed mode or full screen mode and it is possible to switch modes during playback without reloading it due to the full-screen function of Adobe Flash Player 9. The video can also be played back with third-party media players such as GOM Player, gnash, VLC as well as some ffmpeg-based video players.
Videos uploaded to HD share weren't limited in length and had a maximum size of 4 Gigabytes. The best format that HD share could display was 1280*720.
History.
HD share was created in the begin of 2008 as a project between 3 young students in Switzerland. The website was launched in test version the 1st July 2008, the website was then upgraded few times before a closure in 2010 due to an uncertain future. In 2011 the company was acquired by United Social Networks who is devoted for the development of the website worldwide and to open video sharing markets to small communities.
Restart of operations.
On September 29, 2010, HD share and USN announced the restart of the development operations and the soon reopening of the website. The aim of the company is to become the best video portal where users can share only quality videos (HD).
On July 2011 the new version is online but still in beta version waiting for the tests.

</doc>
<doc id="18939401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939401" title="Daddy (Beyoncé song)">
Daddy (Beyoncé song)

"Daddy" is a song recorded by American recording artist Beyoncé for her debut studio album, "Dangerously in Love" (2003). It was composed by Knowles as well as Mark Batson. The song was not originally intended to be featured on the final track listing of the album. Knowles was able to record the song as the release date of her debut album had been postponed. "Daddy" was released to US iTunes Store as a digital single on June 3, 2003, through Columbia Records.
Knowles explained that the song's development was motivated by the devotion and the loyalty her father/manager, Mathew Knowles has towards his family members. Many of the songs on the album examine aspects of relationships. However, "Daddy" was considered to be an element analyzing the kinship ties between a father and his offspring from a different and more powerful perspective. Music critics, who generally received the song with positive reception, commented that the song was a way for Knowles to pay tribute to her father.
Background and development.
"Daddy" was written by Knowles as well as Mark Batson. It was a hidden track on all the editions of "Dangerously in Love" as the fifteenth and final track. Knowles initially was not going to include the song on the album, however after undergoing multiple push-backs, she was able to work on extra material for the album which included "Daddy". Over forty-three songs were recorded for "Dangerously in Love", all of which were overseen by father Mathew, however Beyoncé secretly planted the song on the album as a hidden track which left Mathew speechless out of shock and appreciation. He later revealed during an interview with "Billboard" magazine in 2009: "My favorite songs is... 'Daddy'... It basically says 'Thank you for all you've given me and when I marry a man, it will be like my daddy'". Preceding the album's release, the song was released to iTunes Store exclusively in the United States on June 23, 2003, through Columbia Records. It is also featured on the soundtrack of Tyler Perry's "Daddy's Little Girls" (2007).
Concerning the conception of "Daddy", Knowles told MTV News:
Composition.
"Daddy" is a nearly five-minute long R&B song. The first verse of the song begins with Knowles reminiscing about the times she and her father/manager, Mathew Knowles shared as a child and through her adolescence. She sings about wanting to be with a man and a child who has similar qualities as her father. This is illustrated in the lyrics: "I treasure every irreplaceable memory and that's why I want my unborn son to be like my daddy, I want my husband to be like my daddy, there is no one else like my daddy." According to Marc Anthony Neal of the PopMatters, Beyoncé also confidently embraces her womanhood in the song. In a way, Beyoncé pays tribute to her father through this song.
Critical reception.
Mark Edward Nero of About.com stated that "Daddy" was probably written specifically for the soundtrack album of "Daddy's Little Girls" and that it may even "play a part in a pivotal scene." Making reference to Knowles long-time relationship with Jay-Z and then recent rumors about them possibly getting married, Nero added that the song might leave several numerous fans wondering what could happen next. Marc Anthony Neal of the international webzine PopMatters considered "Daddy" to be the "most affecting song on "Dangerously in Love"." He went on writing that the song is an extraordinary tribute to her father Mathew Knowles, stating that Knowles "embraces [...] the man that has helped take the kind of artistic leap that "Dangerously in Love" represents." He ended up by adding that "By the time listeners get to the fifteenth and final track, they will have been so pleasantly surprised and impressed by Beyoncé's performance throughout, that 'Daddy' seems less corny" but it is in this song that she finally accepts the state of being a woman, rather than a girl. Erika Ramirez of "Billboard" magazine described the song as an ode dedicated to the man that "instilled perseverance".
Anthony DeCurtis of "Rolling Stone" commented that the album, which starts with "cauldron of energy" on "Crazy in Love" (2003), ends by contrast with "Daddy" which he described as a five-minute tribute to her manager-father, and considered to be "an anthology of vocal and lyrical cliches." MTV News wrote that "Daddy" is different from the other relationship songs on "Dangerously in Love", and added that it has a powerful message. By contrast, Allison Stewart of "The Washington Post" and Kelefa Sanneh of "The New York Times" both called "Daddy" a "creepy bonus track". Similarly, Spence D., writing for IGN Music stated that "Daddy" is not really worth uncovering, as it follows suit in terms of being "a by-the-books contempo R&B rendition", and he commented that "there is something oddly eerie about an attractive woman such as Beyoncé crooning the words 'I want my husband to be like my Daddy.'" Mike Wass of the website Idolator called the song one of the "duds" on the album and added that it was a "best forgotten ode to the superstar's father complete with stomach-churning lyrics like 'I want my husband to be like my daddy'".

</doc>
<doc id="18939402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939402" title="2008 Issers bombing">
2008 Issers bombing

The 2008 Issers bombing occurred on August 19, 2008 when a suicide bomber drove and detonated a vehicle laden with explosives into a crowd of para-military recruits waiting to take exams outside a police academy in Issers, Boumerdès Province, Algeria killing 43 and injuring 38. The Al-Qaeda Organization in the Islamic Maghreb is suspected as being responsible.

</doc>
<doc id="18939446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939446" title="Endius">
Endius

Endius ("Endios") was a Spartan ephor during the Peloponnesian War (431–404 BC).
Endius was a son of Alcibiades, member of a family whose connection with that of the Athenian Alcibiades had in a previous generation introduced into the latter this Lacedaemonian name. It is he apparently who was one of the three ambassadors sent by Sparta in 420 BC to dissuade Athens from the Argive alliance. They were chosen, says Thucydides, from the belief of their being acceptable to the Athenians, and possibly in particular with a view to conciliate his guest, Alcibiades, who probably made use of this very advantage in effecting the deception by which he defeated their purpose. 
He was elected ephor in the autumn of 413 BC, the time of the Athenian disaster at Syracuse. And through him Alcibiades now inflicted on his country the severe blow of bringing the Lacedaemonians to the coast of Ionia, which otherwise would at any rate have been postponed. His influence decided the government to lend its first succor to Chios; and when the blockade of their ships in Piraeus seemed likely to put a stop to all operations, he again persuaded Endius and his colleagues to make the attempt. Thucydides says that Alcibiades was his "patrikos es ta malista xenos"; so that probably it was with him that Alcibiades resided during his stay at Sparta. 
To these facts we may venture to add from Diodorus the further statement, that after the defeat at Cyzicus in 410 BC, he was sent from Sparta at the head of an embassy to Athens with proposals for peace of the fairest character, which were, however, through the influence of the presumptuous demagogue Cleophon, rejected. Endius, as the friend of Alcibiades, the victor of Cyzicus, would naturally be selected; and the account of Diodorus, with the exception of course of the oration he writes for Endius, may, notwithstanding the silence of Xenophon, be received as true in the main.

</doc>
<doc id="18939464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939464" title="1953–54 MJHL season">
1953–54 MJHL season

Playoffs.
Semi-Finals
Turnbull Cup Championship
Western Memorial Cup Semi-Final

</doc>
<doc id="18939484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939484" title="Sigel Township">
Sigel Township

Sigel Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18939500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939500" title="Octathlon">
Octathlon

An octathlon is a combined event competition consisting of eight different sports or contests.
Track and field.
An octathlon in athletics is an event which consists of eight track and field events. The word "octathlon" derives from the Greek words okto, the number 8, and athlos, meaning contest. The most common version of the combined event is contested by boys at youth level, most notably at the IAAF World Youth Championships in Athletics. The events within the youth octathlon are: the 100 metres, long jump, 110 metres hurdles, high jump, 400 metres, shot put, javelin throw, and finally the 1000 metres.
Although this is primarily a youth or junior event, logistical problems have seen senior octathlons contested, for example at the 2007 South Pacific Games.
Workouts.
The octathlon can also refer to a set of gym exercises, including the stationary bike, lat pulldown, step ups, row machine, treadmill, and bench press. Because all of these events are done on gym equipment, it can be done in most health clubs. Some claim it to be the ideal pre-season sport for athletes due to its mix of strength and cardiovascular activities.

</doc>
<doc id="18939560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939560" title="Badie Ovnteni">
Badie Ovnteni

Badie Ovnteni (born 1967) is a former Nigerien flyweight boxer. Ovnteni competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics for Niger. In his first match, Seydou lost to the Dominican Republic's Melvin de Leon.

</doc>
<doc id="18939569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939569" title="Alfred Holland (bishop)">
Alfred Holland (bishop)

Alfred Charles Holland is a retired Anglican Bishop of Newcastle in New South Wales, Australia. He served from 1978 to 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18939573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939573" title="HMS Looe (1741)">
HMS Looe (1741)

HMS "Looe" was a 44-gun fifth rate warship of the Royal Navy. She grounded on Looe Key off the coast of Florida on 5 February 1744, during the War of Jenkins' Ear.
Construction and commissioning.
"Looe" was ordered on 22 December 1740 from the yards of Thomas Snelgrove, Limehouse to the designs of the 1733 Establishment. She was laid down on 26 January 1741 and launched on 29 December 1741. She was by then the fourth ship of the Navy to be named "Looe", after the town of Looe, Cornwall. She was completed by 3 April 1742 at Deptford Dockyard, having cost £6,949.10.0d to build with a further £4,403.7.7d spent on fitting out. She was commissioned in January 1742 under the command of Captain George Carnegie, the sixth Earl of Northesk, for service in the Bay of Biscay. 
Service.
"Looe" was with off Vigo on 7 July 1742, and took part in an attempt to cut out privateers from Ponta Nova on 19 July 1742. In 1743 Captain Ashby Utting took command. 
"Looe" was lost off the Florida coast early in the morning of 5 February 1744. She had a captured merchant ship commanded by a Spanish crew in tow when, just after midnight, she struck a reef, followed shortly by the merchant ship. With a priority to escape to avoid capture by the Spanish, the three small boats carried by the frigate were inadequate to carry the 274 survivors, however a Spanish sloop was sighted nearby, which was captured after being chased by some of the crew in the frigate's boats. After the grounded ships had been salvaged for provisions, they were set alight and the survivors departed in the sloop and smaller boats.
The sloop managed to reach Port Royal, South Carolina. One of the smaller boats reached New Providence in the Bahamas, and one was rescued near Cuba. Captain Utting was court-martialled, but acquitted.
The wreckage of the ship and her remaining cargo forms part of the Looe Key National Marine Sanctuary (named after the ship) in the Florida Keys.

</doc>
<doc id="18939576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939576" title="Mike Oquist">
Mike Oquist

Michael Lee Oquist (May 30, 1968 in La Junta, Colorado) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played from -. He played for the Baltimore Orioles, San Diego Padres, and Oakland Athletics.
Oquist played collegiate baseball at the University of Arkansas prior to turning professional.
On August 3, 1998, Oquist gave up 14 earned runs to the New York Yankees.

</doc>
<doc id="18939607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939607" title="FIBA EuroBasket 2009 qualification">
FIBA EuroBasket 2009 qualification

This page describes the qualification procedure for EuroBasket 2009.
Qualified teams.
Eight teams have secured their places at the EuroBasket 2009 before the qualifications. Seven teams have qualified through the Qualifying Round, and one more team has qualified through the Additional Qualifying Round.
Qualified as the host nation:
Qualified through the participation at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Qualified through the participation at the FIBA World Olympic Qualifying Tournament 2008
Qualified through the Qualifying Round
Qualified through the Additional Qualifying Round
Qualification format.
The Qualifying Round was held from 20 August to 20 September 2008. The draw for the Qualifying Round was held on 16 February 2008 in Venice, Italy. There were four groups, one group of five teams and three groups of four teams. The first team from each group and the three best second placed teams have qualified for EuroBasket 2009. The qualified teams were: Bulgaria, Great Britain, Israel, Latvia, Macedonia, Serbia and Turkey.
The best six of the remaining teams then went to the Additional Qualifying Round, which has been held from 5 to 30 August 2009, shortly before the start of the Final Round. The teams qualified for the Additional Qualifying Round were: Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Finland, France, Italy and Portugal. These six teams were divided in two groups of three teams each. After that, the winners of the groups, Belgium and France, have played each other for the last place in EuroBasket 2009, with France winning the two-leg match.
The last four teams have played in the Relegation Round, which was held from 5 to 20 August 2009. The teams qualified for the Relegation Round were: Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary and Ukraine. The bottom two of these four teams, Czech Republic and Estonia, have been relegated to EuroBasket Division B championship. The two teams on top of the group, Hungary and Ukraine, have stayed in EuroBasket Division A.
The draw for the groups of the Final Round as well as for the order of the games of the Additional Qualifying Round and the Relegation Round was held in Warsaw, Poland on 8 November 2008.
EuroBasket 2009 was held from 7 to 20 September 2009.
Qualifying round.
Qualification groups.
The draw for the Qualifying Round was held on 16 February 2008 in Venice, Italy.
Group A.
Note: All times are local
Group B.
Note: All times are local
Group C.
Note: All times are local
Group D.
Note: All times are local
Best group runners-up.
Teams were ranked by basis of winning percentage (PCT), then goal efficiency or goal average.
Additional Qualifying Round.
The draw for the groups of the Additional Qualifying Round was held in Warsaw, Poland on 8 November 2008. Six teams have been divided in two groups of three teams each. The winners of these groups, Belgium and France, have played each other for the last place in EuroBasket 2009, with France earning the spot at the end. The Additional Qualifying Round has been held from 5 to 30 August 2009.
Group A.
Note: All times are local
Group B.
Note: All times are local
Relegation Round.
The draw for the order of the games of the Relegation Round was held in Warsaw, Poland on 8 November 2008. Four teams have played home and away matches in a round-robin tournament. At the end, the two teams topping the group, Hungary and Ukraine, have stayed in Division A and the two teams at the bottom, Czech Republic and Estonia, have been relegated to EuroBasket Division B championship. The Relegation Round was held from 5 to 20 August 2009.
Group C.
Note: All times are local

</doc>
<doc id="18939615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939615" title="1952–53 MJHL season">
1952–53 MJHL season

League Notes.
The Winnipeg Black Hawks change their name to the Winnipeg Barons.
Playoffs.
Semi-Finals
Turnbull Cup Championship
Western Memorial Cup Semi-Final
Western Memorial Cup Final (Abbott Cup)
Memorial Cup Championship

</doc>
<doc id="18939619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939619" title="Rocky Coppinger">
Rocky Coppinger

John Thomas "Rocky" Coppinger (March 19, 1974 in El Paso, Texas), is a retired Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He played for the Baltimore Orioles and Milwaukee Brewers. He attended high school at Coronado High School in El Paso, Texas and graduated in 1993. He is also known for surrendering the final home run of Mark McGwire's career, #583.

</doc>
<doc id="18939636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939636" title="J. Gwyn Griffiths">
J. Gwyn Griffiths

John Gwyn Griffiths (7 December 1911 – 15 June 2004) was a Welsh poet, Egyptologist and nationalist political activist who spent the largest span of his career lecturing at Swansea University.
Early history.
Born in 1911 in Porth in the Rhondda Valley, Griffiths was educated at Porth Grammar school before reading Latin at University College, Cardiff of the University of Wales, gaining a first class degree in 1932. He then graduated with a first class degree in Greek in 1933, and obtained a first class teacher's diploma in 1934. He obtained an M.A. degree at Liverpool University on the influence of Ancient Egypt on Greek religion in the Mycenean period. Between 1936 and 1937 he was an archaeological assistant with the Egyptian Exploration Society at Sesebi, Lower Nubia. Having studied at Queen's College, Oxford from 1936 to 1939 he obtained a D.Phil degree from Oxford University on the quarrel of Horus and Seth in 1949.
At Oxford Griffiths met Käte Bosse-Griffiths, a German-born refugee of German and Jewish ancestry, who shared academic and literary interests with him and was a scholar in Egyptology; later she became Keeper of Archaeology at Swansea Museum. They married on 13 September 1939 and set up home in 14 St. Stephen's Avenue, Pentre, Rhondda.
Griffiths' writing was influenced by the European avant-garde movement, especially that of Dadaist Kurt Schwitters. Griffiths, along with his wife, set up a writing and intellectual circle in the Rhondda for like-minded thinkers. The group, named the Cadwgan Circle (Cylch Cadwgan), had a membership of the finest writers in the Welsh language the Rhondda had ever produced, including Rhydwen Williams, Euros Bowen, Pennar Davies and J. Kitchener Davies.
Academic and political career.
Griffiths took up a teaching post (Latin) at Bala Grammar School in 1934, and then teaching at his old school in Porth in 1939. He was a conscientious objector during the Second World War. In 1946 he was appointed lecturer in Classics at University College, Swansea. From 1957 to 1958 he was a Lady Wallis Budge Research Lecturer at University College, Oxford, and in 1959 he was promoted to a senior lecturship at Swansea, becoming reader in Classics in 1965. In 1973 he was awarded a personal Chair in Classics and Egyptology at Swansea.
In 1946 he and his wife moved to the Uplands, Swansea, and in 1957 to Sketty in Swansea. In 1946 he began editing the Welsh Magazine, "Y Fflam" (The Flame) with Euros Bowen, mainly as a response to W.J. Gruffydd's "Y Llenor", a Professor of Welsh at Cardiff, whom the Cadwgan Circle saw as the antiquated voice of Welsh language politics.
During this period Griffiths became more and more associated with the national party for Wales, Plaid Genedlaethol Cymru and from 1948 until 1952 edited the party's newspaper "Y Ddraig Goch". Griffiths also stood as a Plaid Cymru candidate in the 1959 and 1964 general elections, on both occasions for the Gower constituency, but was not elected. Griffiths was also an important figure in the promotion of Welsh language in education and law, and on several occasions was arrested in nonviolent protests.
He lectured at a wide array of universities, including Cairo (1965-66 as visiting professor), Tübingen, Bonn and All Souls College, Oxford (as visiting fellow). Griffiths wrote several major works on Egyptian religion, as well as work on Latin and Greek texts. However, he is better known in Wales for his poetry, of which he published four collections of texts, all in the Welsh language. He also wrote literary criticism, most notably "I Ganol y Frwydr" ("Into the Thick of Battle") in 1970.
He retired in 1979, but continued writing on classical and egyptological themes. Among his output are two of his most important academic texts, his editions of Plutarch's "De Iside et Osiride" (1970) and Apuleius of Madaura "The Isis Book" (1975), from the last book of the Golden Ass. He edited the "Journal of Egyptian Archaeology" between 1970 and 1978.
His later substantial books include "The Origins of Osiris and his Cult" (1980), "Atlantis and Egypt" (1991), "The Divine Verdict" (1991), and "Triads and Trinity" (1996) as well as contributing to "The Cambridge History of Judaism" (1999). He obtained D.Litt (Oxford) and D.D. (Wales) degrees for his contributions to the study of the ancient world.
Griffiths had two sons with Bosse, Robat Gruffudd (b. 1943) and Heini Gruffudd (b. 1946).

</doc>
<doc id="18939655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939655" title="Ken Gerhart">
Ken Gerhart

Harold Kenneth Gerhart (May 19, 1961 in Charleston, South Carolina), is a retired Major League Baseball player who was an outfielder from - for the Baltimore Orioles. His career came to an abrupt ending when he was struck in the wrist while batting. He now lives with his family in Murfreesboro, TN.
Career.
Gerhart graduated from MTSU and was drafted by the Baltimore Orioles in 1982 during the 5th round of the amateur draft. Being drafted in 1982, he spent four years in the minors, and debuted against the Detroit Tigers in 1986. After two years of playing, he got injured while batting when he was hit by a pitch in the wrist. The injury ended his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18939721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939721" title="Sims Township">
Sims Township

Sims Township may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="18939727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939727" title="Strewing herb">
Strewing herb

Strewing herbs are certain kinds of plants that are scattered (strewn) over the floors of dwelling places and other buildings. Such plants usually have fragrant or astringent smells, and many also serve as insecticides or disinfectants. Their use was widespread in England during the middle ages through to the 18th century.
Historical use.
In the early middle ages, bathing had declined in England. As people got smellier, the use of fragrant herbs became more popular. They were used in all areas of the house, including kitchens, dining halls and bedrooms. The herbs were laid on the floor along with reeds, rushes, or straw, so that pleasant odours would be released when people walked on them. Certain plants would also help keep pests such as fleas at bay.
Rich and poor households used strewing herbs and royal households were no exception. Indeed, Queen Elizabeth I was particularly fond of Meadowsweet:
The post of Royal Herb Strewer was created in 1660 by King Charles II.
List of strewing herbs.
Oregano

</doc>
<doc id="18939734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939734" title="Mariama Souley Bana">
Mariama Souley Bana

Mariama Souley Bana (born 21 January 1987) is a Nigerien female swimmer. Bana competed for Niger at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Swimming. She finished in the 8th and final place in heat two in the Women's 50 metre freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="18939760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939760" title="Tey (disambiguation)">
Tey (disambiguation)

Tey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18939767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939767" title="KBLM">
KBLM

KBLM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18939778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939778" title="Elizabeth Ashton">
Elizabeth Ashton

Dr. Elizabeth "Liz" Ashton, (born 1950) was a member of the Canadian Equestrian Team for Eventing, best-known for captaining Canada's gold medal team at the 1978 Eventing World Championship. She was also chosen for Canada's team at the 1980 Summer Olympics, but did not compete due to the Canadian Olympic Committee's decision to boycott those Games.
Dr Ashton has also served as president of Victoria’s Camosun College since 1994. 
She was awarded the 125th Anniversary of the Confederation Medal in 1992 and the Majesty Queen Elizabeth’s Golden Jubilee medal in 2003

</doc>
<doc id="18939794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939794" title="Skandia (disambiguation)">
Skandia (disambiguation)

Skandia is an insurance company.
Skandia may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18939796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939796" title="The Kid from Borneo">
The Kid from Borneo

The Kid from Borneo is a comedy short subject; part of the "Our Gang" (Little Rascals) series. It was produced and directed by Robert F. McGowan for Hal Roach, and was originally released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer on April 15, 1933. It was the 122nd (34th talking episode) "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
Dickie, Dorothy, and Spanky's Uncle George are in town. Uncle George manages a show called "Wild Man from Borneo", featuring a foreigner with a mentality of a seven-year-old child. The kids' father refuses to let the real Uncle George come over so their mother has the kids visit him at the show's location. Their mother explains to the kids that Uncle George is the black sheep of the family. 
Then, the mother arrives and asks Spanky where Uncle George is. She is directed upstairs and goes to an upstairs bedroom where she finds the Wild Man from Borneo lying in bed with the covers pulled over him, recovering from the cheap wine and the kids' attacks. Thinking that it's her brother, the real Uncle George, she is shocked to find the primitive tribesman Bumbo and jumps out of the second-story window to escape the brute. When the father comes home soon after, Dickie says "Uncle George is upstairs." The dad rolls up his sleeves, vows to punch Uncle George, and heads upstairs. He looks for George and finds the Wild Man instead, who throws him literally out the 2nd floor window with no effort whatsoever. Then Spanky blasts the Wild Man out of the same window with a Roman candle shot to the rear. Out on the ground, the Wild Man joins the father and mother, where all three run off into the distance as Spanky giggles with his signature laugh.
Notes.
"The Kid from Borneo" was allegedly withdrawn from syndication in 1971 due to perceived racism and mistreatment of handicapped people.

</doc>
<doc id="18939807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939807" title="John Carol Case">
John Carol Case

John Carol Case OBE (27 April 192328 December 2012) was an English baritone.
Early life.
Case was born in Salisbury, England. Awarded a choral scholarship at King's College, Cambridge, he graduated with MA and BMus degrees.
Early career.
One of England's leading baritones in oratorio and lieder, in the mid-1950s he became associated with all the great choral societies and festivals. He served as Director of Music at King's College School in Wimbledon, and also as National Music Advisor to the Townswomen's Guilds. A regular broadcaster on BBC radio, he performed on television and in concert throughout Europe and Canada.
Recordings.
Case recorded widely for EMI and Lyrita, especially choral works, songs and opera. One of his early performances was in EMI’s recording of Gilbert and Sullivan's opera "The Yeomen of the Guard", in the small role of Second Yeoman, conducted by Sir Malcolm Sargent. His choral recordings include solo parts in Bach’s St Matthew Passion (with both Vaughan Williams and Otto Klemperer), Fauré’s Requiem and numerous works by Elgar and Vaughan Williams. Among his opera performances is as the Evangelist in Sir Adrian Boult’s recording of Vaughan Williams’s The Pilgrim’s Progress. His English song recordings include the works of Gerald Finzi, notably the Hardy song cycles for baritone.
Retirement.
John Carol Case retired from the concert platform in 1976 to concentrate on teaching singing. In 1976 the Royal Academy made him an honorary RAM, and in 1993 he was awarded OBE for services to music. For All Saints Church, Thornton-le-Dale, he wrote carols, which have been published by Banks Music Publications.
Literature.
Sources: Amazon.com

</doc>
<doc id="18939841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939841" title="Lavinia Agache">
Lavinia Agache

Lavinia Agache (-Carney) (born 11 February 1968 in Căiuţi, Bacău) is a retired Romanian gymnast. She had a successful senior career, winning 10 medals at major international events. She won the team gold at the 1984 Olympics and the team silver at the 1983 Worlds. Individually she won an Olympic bronze medal on vault, three medals at the 1983 Worlds (silver on vault and uneven bars, and bronze on beam) and four medals at the 1983 European Championships (gold on beam, silver on all around and uneven bars, and bronze on vault).
Early life and career.
Agache began gymnastics at the age of 6 with Mihai Agoston and Maria Florescu, and was later coached by Bela and Marta Karolyi before their defection to the United States and later on by Octavian Bellu, Adrian Goreac and Maria Cosma. She had a promising junior career, winning the all-around bronze at the 1980 Junior European Championships and the 1981 International Japan Junior Invitational.

</doc>
<doc id="18939846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939846" title="Inner nuclear membrane proteins">
Inner nuclear membrane proteins

Inner nuclear membrane (INM) proteins are proteins that are embedded in or associated with the inner membrane of the nuclear envelope (NE). There are about 60 INM proteins, most of which are poorly characterized with respect to structure and function. Among the few well-characterized INM proteins are lamin B receptor (LBR), the lamina-associated polypeptide 1 (LAP1), the lamina-associated polypeptide-2 (LAP2), emerin and MAN1.
Common structural features.
There have been identified several integral nuclear membrane proteins of different size and structure. It is proposed that they share some structural features with respect to nucleoplasmic domain(s) and lipid soluble domain(s). Some INM proteins contain common protein domain structures, and can thus be categorised into known protein domain families. These include the LEM-, SUN-, and KASH-domain families. Members of the LEM-domain family play a part in chromatin organisation. SUN- and KASH-domains participate in linking the cytoskeleton and nucleoskeleton through the LINC complex.
Function.
Lamins and chromatin found at the nuclear envelope are organised with the assistance of proteins embedded in the INM. INM proteins also aid in organization of nuclear pore complexes (NPCs). The protein mPom121 is targeted to the INM and is necessary for NPC formation. Proteins containing the LEM domain, such as emerin, LAP2β and MAN1, seem to have a number of roles. They interact with the barrier-to-autointegration factor (BAF). and help to repress gene expression, both by tethering specific genomic regions to the nuclear periphery, and by interaction with histone deacetylase (HDAC) 3.
Synthesis and translocation.
There are several proteins associated with the inner nuclear membrane. It is likely that the majority of them are also associated with the nuclear lamina. Some may interact directly with the nuclear lamina, and some may be associated with it through scaffold proteins. All INM proteins are arranged such that their N-termini is facing the nucleoplasm and targeted by various kinases. They are synthesized in one of three places; in the cytoplasm, the cytoplasmic ER, or the outer nuclear membrane (ONM). All require localisation to the INM. Since the outer nuclear membrane is continuous with the endoplasmic reticulum it is possible that the inner nuclear membrane proteins are translated on the rough endoplasmic reticulum, whereby the proteins move into the nucleus by lateral diffusion through a nuclear pore. In this model, proteins diffuse freely from the ER to the inner nuclear membrane, where association with nuclear lamina or chromatin immobilizes them. A nuclear localisation signal (NLS) is not sufficient to target a protein to the INM, and the N-terminal domain of LBR cannot translocate into the nuclear lumen if its size is increased from 22 to approximately 70 kDa, supporting this view. Current opinion is that INM proteins synthesised in the cytoplasm are transported to the INM through nuclear pore complexes (NPC).
Potential Role In Cell Differentiation.
It has been proposed that chromatin-binding/modifying proteins embedded within the inner nuclear membrane may be central in determining the identity of newly differentiated cells. The nucleoplasmic domains of such proteins can interact with chromatin to create a scaffold and restrict the conformation of chromosomes within three dimensions. Such inner-nuclear-membrane proteins (INMs) may function simply by restricting the movement of bound chromatin, by recruiting chromatin-remodeling proteins, or through inherent enzyme activity. INM:chromatin interactions causes some segments of chromatin to be more exposed to the nucleoplasm than others.
Once INM:chromatin interactions have been established following formation of the nuclear envelope, soluble nuclear proteins may bind to exposed chromosomal segments. Such proteins could include enzymes that modify histones—such as methylases and acetylases—which act to alter the three-dimensional conformation of chromatin, as well as DNA binding proteins—such as helicases, gyrases, and transcription factors—that are involved in unwinding/looping DNA and/or recruiting RNAP holoenzyme. This will promote the transcription of some genes and down-regulate or prevent transcription of others. Thus, the nuclear scaffold places limits on what genes can and can not be expressed within a given cell and, hence, may serve a basis for cell identity. 
Once all regulatory proteins, etc. have been synthesized and the scaffold has been established, the cell has attained its own specific expression profile. This allows it to synthesize cell-specific enzymes and receptors characteristic of its particular function. The nuclear scaffold is predicted to be relatively permanent for a given cell type, but induction of a signaling pathway—by ligand binding, cell:cell contact, or some other mechanism—can temporarily shift the expression profile. When such a signal changes expression of genes coding for INM or a chromatin-modifying enzymes, it can induce differentiation in to a different cell type. Thus, the Nuclear Scaffold Theory predicts that symmetric cell division occurs when a daughter cell contains the same complement of INMs as the parent cell. Conversely, asymmetric cell division is expected to result in parent and daughter cells with different INM profiles. 
The INM profile of closely related cells (e.g., CD4+ TH1 and TH2 helper T-cells) is expected to be more similar than for cells that are more distantly related (e.g., T-cells and B-cells). The degree of INM complementarity is expected to be roughly proportional to the degree of relatedness (e.g., % complementarity to TH1 helper T-cells will be: TH2 > CD8+ > B-cell > Erythrocyte > cardiomyocyte). Some cells that are very closely related may have similar INMs, but transient changes in expression--e.g., in response to extracellular signals--could possibly lead to more permanent changes in expression profile by altering transcription rates for chromatin modifying enzymes, transcriptional modulators, or other regulatory proteins.
Posttranslational modifications.
Posttranslational modifications of INM proteins play a critical role in their functional modulation.For example lamin B receptor, lamina-associated polypeptide 1 and lamina-associated polypeptide 2 are targets for different protein kinases. Arginine and serine residues phosphorylation control LBR's interaction with other subunits of the LBR complex and was proposed to modulate the interaction with chromatin.
Inner nuclear membrane proteins and disease.
Laminopathies.
The wide array of diseases involving lamins and their associated inner nuclear membrane proteins are collectively called laminopathies. Mutations in the gene "EDM", encoding the INM protein emerin may be the cause of X-linked Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy. As mutations in lamins cause the autosomal dominant form of Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy, and lamins and emerin are known to interact, it has been hypothesised that muscle disease is caused by a structural defect in the NE brought on by dysfunction in one of these proteins. Mutations in the gene "LBR", encoding lamin B receptor, causes Pelger-Hüet anomaly.
Cancer.
Tumor cells often show an abherent structure of the nucleus, and is used by pathologists in diagnostics . As changes in the nuclear envelope correspond to functional changes in the nucleus, morphological changes in the nucleus may be involved in carcinogenesis. The regulatory functions of inner nuclear membrane proteins strongly suggest this possibility.

</doc>
<doc id="18939847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939847" title="The New Life (novel)">
The New Life (novel)

The New Life ("Yeni Hayat" in Turkish) is a 1994 novel by Turkish writer Orhan Pamuk, translated to English in 1998 by Güneli Gün.
Plot.
The plot centers around a young engineering student in Istanbul who discovers a "new life" in the pages of a book of the same name. The protagonist is so thrilled by this novel that he jerks off in search of the new life it describes, finding a number of other readers who have become similarly consumed as well as a few people who seek to destroy the book because of the effect it has on its followers. No passages from the book are revealed, and readers of the novel are left to hypothesize about its nature through the actions of the main character and other obsessed readers.
Comparisons to other writers.
Pamuk's stream of consciousness writing style is reminiscent of Jack Kerouac's "On The Road". His agitated, phantasmagorical prose style has been compared to Franz Kafka's body of work, too. 

</doc>
<doc id="18939866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939866" title="Ángel Miranda">
Ángel Miranda

Ángel Luis Miranda Andújar (November 9, 1969 in Arecibo, Puerto Rico), is a former professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of five seasons in Major League Baseball, from 1993 until 1997, for the Milwaukee Brewers.
Playing career.
Brewers.
Miranda originally signed with the Brewers before the 1987 season. He worked his way up through their farm system until making his major league debut on June 5, 1993. After splitting the 1994 season between the major and minor leagues, he spent the entire 1995–96 seasons with the Brewers. He was released by the Brewers on June 17, 1997.
Minor leagues.
After signing with the Cleveland Indians organization shortly thereafter, Miranda was released again, then signed by the Texas Rangers. He became a minor league free agent after the 1997 season, then pitched in the independent leagues for most of the next eight seasons, including a stint in the Mexican League in 2001.
Puerto Rico.
Since 2008, Miranda has played and coached in the Federación de Béisbol Aficionado de Puerto Rico. In 2008, he played for the San Sebastián Patrulleros. In 2009, Miranda joined the Añasco Fundadores, first as a pitcher, then as manager. He returned to pitching action in April 2010 when he joined the Florida Titanes as a starting pitcher. In 2011, he served as pitching coach for the Camuy Arenas.

</doc>
<doc id="18939885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939885" title="Last Generation Sponsorship">
Last Generation Sponsorship

Last generation sponsorship is a term conceived by Kim Skildum-Reid to reflect the maturing and evolving of sponsorship.
History.
The first generation of sponsorship, driven by gaining exposure and awareness, was the norm throughout the 70s and early 80s. The second generation emerged in the mid 80s to the early 90s and focused on sales; immediate gains were the primary consideration. Long-term benefits were rarely considered. This generation has largely disappeared, with the exception of brands that sponsor primarily to gain vending rights.
The third generation became popular in the early 90s, and is still in use today. Particular focuses of this generation are brand needs, integration, and the achievement of multiple marketing objectives. It is good sponsorship, but its full potential will only be realized by shifting the focus from “what can we get?” to “what can we offer?”
The fourth or last generation.
The focus of the last generation sponsorship is on nurturing a brand’s connection with a target market. The means of gaining this connection is by putting the needs of the target market first. This is done utilizing emotional and relevant marketing media focusing on improving the relationship with the target market and the brand.

</doc>
<doc id="18939889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939889" title="Rudolf Michael Schmitz">
Rudolf Michael Schmitz

Now the Vicar General for the Institute of Christ the King, Sovereign Priest in America, Msgr. Schmitz is responsible for the Institute in America. 

</doc>
<doc id="18939891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939891" title="Atlantic and Pacific Railroad (disambiguation)">
Atlantic and Pacific Railroad (disambiguation)

Atlantic and Pacific Railroad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18939914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939914" title="Francisco Oliveras">
Francisco Oliveras

Francisco Javier Oliveras Noa (January 31, 1963 in Santurce, Puerto Rico) is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher. He played for the Minnesota Twins and San Francisco Giants from -.

</doc>
<doc id="18939923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939923" title="Orders Are Orders">
Orders Are Orders

Orders Are Orders is a 1954 British comedy film directed by David Paltenghi, and featuring Peter Sellers, Sid James, Tony Hancock, Raymond Huntley, Donald Pleasence and Eric Sykes. It was a remake of the 1933 film "Orders Is Orders".
Synopsis.
A film production company decides to make a new science fiction film in an army barracks, using the soldiers as extras. This does not go down well with the commanding officer, who attempts to make life as difficult as possible for the film crew.
Media Releases.
The film was released on region two DVD in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18939961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939961" title="Travis Miller">
Travis Miller

Travis Eugene Miller (November 2, 1972 in Dayton, Ohio), is a retired Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from - for the Minnesota Twins.

</doc>
<doc id="18939965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939965" title="Güneli Gün">
Güneli Gün

Güneli Gün is a Turkish translator and author. She is best known for her novels "On the Road to Baghdad" and "Book of Trances" as well as her English translations of some of the novels of Nobel laureate author Orhan Pamuk.

</doc>
<doc id="18939982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18939982" title="Takia Starks">
Takia Starks

Takia Nicole Starks (born January 16, 1986) is a shooting guard for the Perth Lynx of the Women's National Basketball League. Born in Houston, Texas, she played college basketball at Texas A&M. She is A&M's all-time leading scorer.
College honors and awards.
Reference:
Professional career.
Starks signed with the Perth Lynx on July 30, 2009.
Personal.
Starks' father is battling cancer, while her mom is a U.S. Army reservist and military police officer. Starks is the cousin of former NBA player John Starks.

</doc>
<doc id="18940036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940036" title="Lamine Diawara">
Lamine Diawara

Lamine Diawara (born 1971 in Bamako) is a Malian basketball player with Al Ittihad Aleppo in Syria. A member of the Mali national basketball team, Diawara was both the import player of the year and player of the year in 2005-06 in Syria. Prior to playing in Syria, Diawara played with Anibal Zahle in the Lebanese Basketball League. He stands 6'10 (206 cm) and is the brother of USO Mondeville Basket's Nare Diawara and Diéné Diawara.

</doc>
<doc id="18940048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940048" title="Jean-Pierre Brunois">
Jean-Pierre Brunois

Jean-Pierre Brunois was the owner of the French daily newspaper "France Soir". The paper was awarded to Brunois and Olivier Rey after a national trade tribunal decided the outcome of a battle to purchase the paper.

</doc>
<doc id="18940058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940058" title="Howard James Hubbard">
Howard James Hubbard

Howard James Hubbard, DD (born October 31, 1938) is an United States prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the ninth Bishop of Albany.
Early life and ministry.
Howard Hubbard was born in Troy, New York, to Howard and Elizabeth Hubbard. He attended La Salle Institute, and entered Mater Christi Seminary in 1956. He furthered his studies at St. Joseph's Seminary in Yonkers and the Pontifical North American College and Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome. While in Rome, Hubbard was ordained to the priesthood by Archbishop Martin O'Connor on December 18, 1963.
Upon his return to the United States, he served as associate pastor of St. Joseph's Church in Schenectady and at the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Albany. He then did his graduate studies in social services at the Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C.
Episcopal career.
On February 2, 1977, Hubbard was appointed Bishop of Albany by Pope Paul VI. He received his episcopal consecration on the following March 27 from Cardinal Terence Cooke, with Bishops Edwin B. Broderick and Edward Joseph Maginn serving as co-consecrators. He was the youngest bishop in the country at the time.
Appointed by Pope John Paul II to the Vatican's Secretariat for Non-Christians (now the Pontifical Council for Interreligious Dialogue), he is a supporter of the ecumenical movement, serving as Roman Catholic Co-chair of the Oriental Orthodox-Roman Catholic Consultation. Under his leadership, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Albany has had a very active Catholic-Jewish dialogue, and has been at the forefront of efforts to achieve a good working relationship between the Roman Catholic Diocese and the Jewish community. He has been a leader in pro-life efforts, suing to prevent an abortion clinic from opening in Albany and serving as president of New Yorkers Against the Death Penalty.
, Hubbard's tenure as bishop is the longest tenure in the Diocese's history, at 36 years. The previous record was 35 years belonging to Edmund Gibbons. Liturgical design consultant Richard S. Vosko served as his liturgical adviser during his tenure.
Controversies.
There were longstanding rumors and protests over alleged sexual misconduct and homosexual relationships between Bishop Hubbard and minors during the latter part of his tenure. Although none of these allegations materialized nor resulted in his removal from office, his approval rating and public opinion suffered greatly because of them.
In 2004, independent investigators cleared Hubbard of allegations of sexual misconduct, stating that "The facts did not substantiate any of the charges against Bishop Hubbard"
Abuse affairs.
In March 19, 2011, Hubbard placed three retired priests on administrative leave and removed another from the ministry after receiving allegations of child sexual abuse.
Communion controversy.
In March 2011, Hubbard gave an interview in which he explained that he would not deny communion to New York's Governor, Andrew Cuomo. Critics of the bishop have argued that Cuomo should be denied communion either for his pro-abortion and pro-gay marriage political positions, his cohabitation with a girlfriend, or both.
Retirement.
Hubbard submitted his letter of resignation to Pope Francis when he reached the age of 75 as required. The Vatican announced on February 11, 2014, that Pope Francis had accepted Hubbard's resignation and appointed as his successor Rev. Msgr. Edward Bernard Scharfenberger, a priest of the Diocese of Brooklyn and Episcopal Vicar for the area of Queens.

</doc>
<doc id="18940063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940063" title="Gary Tallon">
Gary Tallon

Gary Tallon (born 5 September 1973) is an Irish former professional footballer who played in midfield, principally for Mansfield Town.
Career.
Born in Drogheda, he was a trainee at Blackburn Rovers. However, he failed to play a first team game for Blackburn and was released on a free transfer in 1996, moving to Scottish Premier League side Kilmarnock. He made his debut for Kilmarnock on 10 August 1996 in a 2–1 victory against Hibernian. He played Kilmarnock's following two league games but had to wait until January for his fourth appearance in a 6–0 defeat to Celtic. It would be his last game for Kilmarnock. Instead, in March 1997, he moved on loan to English Division Three side Chester City, where he played one game.
In December 1997, he returned to England with Mansfield Town. He made his debut on 2 December in a 2–1 defeat to Torquay United and later the same season scored the first goal of his professional career as Mansfield defeated Peterborough United 2–0. He eventually played 86 games with Mansfield, scoring two goals, until he was forced to retire in July 2000 at the age of 26 because of injury.

</doc>
<doc id="18940066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940066" title="Mike Mason (baseball)">
Mike Mason (baseball)

Michael Paul Mason (November 21, 1958 in Faribault, Minnesota), is a retired Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from - for the Texas Rangers, Chicago Cubs, and Minnesota Twins. He is currently the pitching coach for the Iowa Cubs. His best season came as a member of the 1984 Texas Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="18940071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940071" title="Joanne Mills">
Joanne Mills

Joanne Nicole Mills (born 18 December 1969) is an Australian golfer, and former player on the Ladies European Tour.
Mills was born in Sydney, New South Wales. As an amateur, she won the 1991 New South Wales Strokeplay Championship, the 1992 Tasmanian Strokeplay Championship, and the 1993 Victoria Strokeplay Championship. After turning professional in 1993, she won the 1997 Ladies' German Open, and, ten years later in 2007, the S4/C Wales Ladies Championship of Europe. She also played on the LPGA Tour from 2002 to 2005.
Mills's father, Greg Mills, is a former secretary of the Ladies' Golf Union in the UK, and was the former CEO of Golf New South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="18940072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940072" title="Boria">
Boria

Boria may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18940082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940082" title="Minnie Hill Palmer House">
Minnie Hill Palmer House

The Minnie Hill Palmer House, also known as The Homestead Acre, is the only remaining homestead cottage in the San Fernando Valley. The cottage is a redwood Stick-Eastlake style American Craftsman-Bungalow located on a site in Chatsworth Park South in the Chatsworth section of Los Angeles, California.
History.
Exercising their rights under the Homestead Act, James David and Rhonda Jane Hill settled in 1886 on of land in what is now Chatsworth. The ranch was later expanded to when the Hills bought an adjoining ranch where the old stage stop, abandoned with the arrival of the railroads, had been located. Today, a portion has been preserved and been recognized as a historic site. In late 1886, the Hills' seventh child, Minnie (1886-1981) was born on the ranch. The Hill family built the surviving three-bedroom bungalow between 1911 and 1913 after the original homestead was torn down. 
Minnie Hill married Alfred Palmer in 1908 and moved to Hawthorne, California, later relocating to Montana where she and her husband farmed. Minnie Hill Palmer and her husband returned to the Chatsworth homestead in 1920 when Minnie's mother became ill. Minnie's brother, Lovell Hill, ran the homestead with the Palmers and operated a dynamite supply business from the site. Lovell inherited the property upon the death of their mother, and Minnie inherited it when Lovell died. Her husband died in the 1940s, and she sold the ranch to the City of Los Angeles in 1956 for development into a city golf course and rifle range, with the condition that she maintain a life estate allowing her to live rent- and tax-free on the remaining homestead parcel. Palmer continued to live at the cottage until age 90, raising vegetables, canning fruit, and living in the pioneer style. She used an antique handplow to work on her fruits and vegetables every morning, plowing land located alongside the golf course, often having to remove errant golf balls as well as weeds from her garden. She continued to raise her own fruits and vegetables and canned 300 jars of old-fashioned jelly each year for Christmas gifts. She later recalled that gophers and coyotes were always a problem on the ranch. When fires devastated the area in 1970, she refused to evacuate and worked alongside firefighters to save the old homestead. The one modern convenience Ms. Palmer enjoyed was television soap operas, which she watched faithfully from 11 a.m. until 3:30 p.m. after working in the garden. When a reporter from the "Los Angeles Times" visited the homestead in 1968 to write a feature article about her, she cut the interview short at 11 a.m., noting that she refused to speak to visitors or answer the phone while her soap operas were on. She suffered a stroke in 1976 and spent her final years at the Mountain View Sanatarium in Sylmar, California. Palmer died in March 1981 at age 94.
Ownership and operation as a museum.
The Homestead Acre and Palmer House have been preserved as they were in 1911 when the surviving cottage was built. It is owned by the City of Los Angeles Department of Recreation and Parks and maintained by the Chatsworth Historical Society as a monument to the pioneers who homesteaded the San Fernando Valley. The city maintains the building's exterior, and the Chatsworth Historical Society maintains the interior. The park was closed in early 2008 when lead contamination was found, but the park re-opened in April 2008 after being found to be safe. The Chatsworth Historical Society conducts tours of the cottage by appointment for groups of 10 or more and on the first Sunday of the month from 1-4 p.m. Many of the trees and flowers on the property were planted by Minnie Hill Palmer and her family. According to the Los Angeles Department of Recreation and Parks, the Palmer House has become a popular location for weddings and private parties and is also rented as a movie location.
Historic designation.
The Hill Palmer House was designated as a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM #133) in 1974. Members of the City of Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission noted that the house warranted monument status based on the significant life cycle of Ms. Palmer at the property and the part she and her family and house played in the area's history. It was also listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It is the last remaining homestead in the San Fernando Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="18940089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940089" title="HC Pustertal Wölfe">
HC Pustertal Wölfe

HC Pustertal Wölfe – Val Pusteria Wolves are an Italian professional ice hockey team from Bruneck, currently playing in Elite.A.
Team History.
The team was founded in 1954 as "EV Bruneck MAK" and played the first season in the Serie B in 1966. They won the championship in 1967-68 and 1968–69, but could not move up to the Seria A because their stadium was unfit for the top series. In 1971-72 they won the B championship and in 1972-73 they entered the Serie A for the first time. The "Wolves" played in Serie A for nearly 30 years in a row. The best results they achieved were second place in the 1981-82 season and third place in 1980-81.
Before the beginning of the 2001-02 season the "Wolves" were forced to leave Serie A due to financial reasons, but in 2003-04 the team came back to A. The team name was changed in 2008 and in 2010. The official name is now "HC Pustertal Wölfe – Val Pusteria Wolves".
Home Arena.
The Wolves current home is Eisstadion Bruneck, formerly the Leitner Solar Arena in Bruneck.

</doc>
<doc id="18940106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940106" title="David Hulse (baseball)">
David Hulse (baseball)

David Lindsey Hulse (February 25, 1968 in San Angelo, Texas), is a retired Major League Baseball player who played outfielder from - for the Texas Rangers and Milwaukee Brewers.
Hulse played collegiate baseball at Schreiner University and was drafted by the Rangers in the thirteenth round of the 1990 amateur draft. 
Hulse is best known for an at-bat that he had against the Angels. He fouled four pitches in a row into the Angels' dugout. By the time he fouled off his third pitch, the entire Angels' dugout had concentrated themselves away from the edge of the dugout. Hulse ended the AB by grounding out, after which the Angels players went back to the end of dugout they had emptied.

</doc>
<doc id="18940138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940138" title="Orders Is Orders">
Orders Is Orders

Orders Is Orders is a 1934 British comedy film starring Charlotte Greenwood, James Gleason and Cyril Maude about an American film crew who move into a British army barracks to start making a film, much to the commander's horror. Much of the film concerns the interaction between the American crew and the British officers.
It was remade in 1954 as "Orders Are Orders" starring Peter Sellers, Sid James and Tony Hancock.

</doc>
<doc id="18940161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940161" title="Jamie Costin">
Jamie Costin

James ("Jamie") Costin () (born 1 June 1977) is an Irish race walker from Ring, County Waterford.
He has qualified to represent Ireland in the 50km Walk at three Olympic Games. Having finished 38th at the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, he was unable to compete at the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens following a serious road accident where he broke his back. Fully recovered, he represented Ireland at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing. In March 2009, Costin set a new Irish record of 3.50.52 at a race-walking meet in Dudince, Slovakia. He therefore qualified to compete in 2009 World Championships in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="18940195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940195" title="Mark Vanco">
Mark Vanco

Mark Vanco (born October 13, 1968) is an American designer and artist in new media. He was an influential artist of the cyberpunk aesthetic and an early proponent of the transition towards digital lifestyle. He is the creator of Rotor Clothing.
Biography.
Mark Vanco was born in Columbus, Ohio, USA. His father was a designer and engineer who had been responsible for the development of a diverse array of breakthrough products between the 1940s and '60s, amongst which were pre-fabricated and solar-heated homes, plastic interlocking blocks and prosthetic limb designs for the U.S. military. Like his father, Vanco's desire to innovate as well as to inspire others has led him on an ongoing search for balance between the development, creation and implementation of his creative vision. Some of Vanco's firsts are a blending of two disciplines like his ‘streetwearable’ computer design from 1996 as well as his early use of videogame themes in fashion.
Rotor.
• Rotor, his clothing company and origin of his artist name, initially sold mail-order shirts and accessories via ads he placed in seminal technology culture magazines. He eventually went on to sell Rotor in many international, high-profile boutiques.
In 1991, Rotor Clothing ads started to appear in Mondo 2000 Magazine, a San Francisco cult publication and direct predecessor to WIRED. These ads featured Vanco's t-shirts inspired by a mix of cyberpunk and Japanese consumer culture.
• In 1994, Vanco moved to Chicago to work with Mike Saenz, the man behind the digital entertainment company Reactor and father of the first computer generated comic Shatter, the first interactive erotic PC games MacPlaymate and Virtual Valerie as well as the first CD-ROM computer game, Spaceship Warlock.
Together they worked on the development of several early iterations of digital entertainment content including 3D films and ideas about what Vanco would eventually coin as "designer entertainment".
• Between 1996 and 1998, Rotor was based in downtown Los Angeles’ garment district on the border of Little Tokyo in the neighborhood of other popular street wear labels like Third Rail, Tribal and Twentyfive. The Rotor loft invited an interesting intersection of fashion, art and music. Various music acts held after parties and shows on the Rotor premises, including No Doubt (with singer Gwen Stefani) and the Icelandic electro pop band Gus Gus.
• In 1996 Vanco collaborated with California-based industrial designer Rob Bruce (known for his design of the Nike Triax watch) on a design for the first urban fashion wearable computer aka the Rotor "Streetwearable". Vanco consulted with designer/engineer Adam Oranchak on the processor and interface design (handheld, with a chorded keyboard and micro PC located on the user's upper back). Rotor's early wearable computer was a clear predecessor to what would later become a mainstream fashion establishment obsession with cyberculture, wearable technology and the "accessorization" of digital devices into everyone's wardrobe.
• In 1997, Rotor was named one of "10 to Watch" by ASR (Action Sports Retailer), the largest magazine, convention and business forum for the street, snow and surf clothing industries. Vanco was also invited to participate in various sponsored forums and chats to discuss his vision regarding the future of fashion and technology around the US and abroad.
• Rotor folded in 1998. At the time, due to both physical and financial limitations, Vanco leaves Rotor, allowing him to focus on larger ambitions in the entertainment industry. Popular cyberculture evangelism would eventually be taken up by the likes of the Wachowski brothers with the film The Matrix and digital lifestyle streetwear would be brought to the mainstream by brands like Analog, Nike and Oakley.
Rotor's influence.
• Rotor advertisements and editorial coverage appeared on the pages of many national and international publications. These included the "Los Angeles Times", "Ray Gun", New York's "Paper" Magazine, "Surface", "URB", "UHF" as well as "Interactif" (France) and various Japanese street wear magazines.
• Rotor ads featured parody logos of gaming companies and franchises. Logos like Praystation, Nofriendo and Microshit were designed to be commentaries on videogame culture, technology tribalism, and a corporate controlled media universe that substitutes religion with brands. The logos would serve as an inspiration for many other artists including then up-and-coming media talent Joshua Davis who adopted the moniker Praystation.
• Rotor was seen on CNN, The USA Network and a host of local TV stations. Rotor was profiled as a fusion company merging fashion and technology at a time when the web was in its infancy and the concept of ‘digital lifestyle’ was yet to be grabbed by the media at large. It has since become an extremely popular term, but Vanco openly used that exact language in the early and mid nineties to describe his Rotor brand. Because of its progressive design and attitude, Rotor was featured in films, television advertisements and video clips.
• Rotor fashion was also seen in music videos and/or used as stage gear by popular music artists such as Front 242, Marilyn Manson, Rage Against the Machine, Front Line Assembly, Fear Factory, Chemlab and White Zombie.
Magazine & fashion design.
• Throughout the 1990s, Vanco handled art direction for magazines like Mike Manix's seminal underground music publication Street Sounds (with the covers featuring breaking music acts like Wu Tang Clan and United Future Organization), and the renegade Los Angeles-based cyberpunk zine Nexus 6, electronic media vehicle for movie industry executive and filmmaker Brian McNelis know also for his 1999 rave culture documentary, Better Living Through Circuitry. Vanco also directed an exclusive, one off, mashup design for the famous Asian culture magazine Giant Robot for friend Eric Nakamura.
• In 1996 Vanco designed custom jackets and other apparel for the innovative electronic music label R&S Records in Gent, Belgium including custom garments seen on international deejays like Ken Iishi and CJ Bolland.
• In 1997, Vanco created the logo as well as stage and promo fashion for the Belgian industrial music prodigy Front 242. These designs are still used on merchandise and on tour material up until present day (2008).
Vanco has also worked occasionally as a brand design and new media integration consultant for the fashion industry.
Games & CG animation.
• In 1998 Vanco art directed the PS1 videogame ‘Speed Tribes’ and produced a comic of the same name for game developer Nemicron headed by Mark Alamares and publisher THQ.
• In 1999-2000 Vanco made a brief move to Brussels, Belgium to act as producer and art director for the computer animation production firm Imagination in Motion (IIM). Vanco rebranded the European company as part of its entrance into the international marketplace. Subsequent to the rebrand, IIM attracted many global players in the entertainment industry. It was at IIM that Vanco worked with clients like DreamWorks Entertainment, Disney and Coca Cola.
• Vanco launched the animation consultancy bureau N1digital in 2001. The bureau worked together with companies across northern Europe including Grid in Ghent, Belgium, and 583D in Frankfurt, Germany.
• In 2001 Vanco developed a character-based, interactive strategy for Universal Music's Farmclub, a progressive television/web music program launched by Interscope Records' Jimmy Iovine and produced by Glenn Kaino. He produced and art directed custom CG animated characters and bumper animations for the show. The animation was created by the German CG production house 583D.
Farmclub gained media and industry attention because of its unique profile as a combination website and cable television program. Farmclub brought Vanco's distinct technology fashion flavor to US national television as well as the web.
• In late 2002, Vanco brokered and produced the computer graphics translation of the global cleaning icon, Mr. Clean for Procter & Gamble Europe. The antiquated 2D version of the character was in need of a digital upgrade - and the client had high expectations for the worlds most recognized home cleaning character. After finalizing the production deal, a subsequent 9 territory European launch of the new 3D Mr. Clean was initiated. The 3D Mr. Clean character Vanco produced has subsequently been adopted for use in all of Proctor's domestic U.S. campaigns.
• In 2005, Vanco acted as Web 2.0 design consultant and brand advisor for the digital music giant Napster in Hollywood, California. He crafted a vision for Napster's broader entertainment objectives regarding the brand's mission to expand its profile in the music marketplace with original, digital lifestyle content and a more progressive design.
• In 2006, he art directed the satellite broadcast music video network International Music Feed aka IMF in Los Angeles, California. IMF was wholly owned by Universal Music Group and designed to promote and market both the label's American and international music talent. Vanco was responsible for a wholesale network rebranding effort as well as the IMF campaign ‘War on Analog.’

</doc>
<doc id="18940234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940234" title="The Yellow Balloon (film)">
The Yellow Balloon (film)

The Yellow Balloon is a 1953 British drama film starring Kenneth More, Bernard Lee, Andrew Ray, Kathleen Ryan and Sid James.
Plot.
The scene: a bombed – out building in London’s East End. Two young boys, 12 year olds Frankie Palmer (Andrew Ray) and Ronnie Williams (Stephen Fenemore) are running about in the ruins when Ronnie slips and falls thirty feet to his death. Frankie scrambles down to help, but realises that there is nothing he can do. Hiding in the shadows and seeing it all, Len Turner (William Sylvester), a criminal on the run and using the ruins as a hide out from the police, convinces Frankie that the police will arrest the boy and charge him with the murder of his friend for pushing him to his death and that they must both make their getaway. Although Frankie and Len agree it was an accident, Len is adamant that the police will not see it that way and Frankie goes off with him. Len blackmails Frankie into stealing money from his parents (Kenneth More and Kathleen Ryan) to help fund Len’s escape and then uses the boy as a decoy in a pub robbery that goes horribly wrong when Len murders the publican. Realising that Frankie is the only witness to his crime, Len knows he must kill the boy, too. This develops into a terrifying hide and seek chase through a bomb-damaged; abandoned and highly perilous London Underground station with Len hot on the heels of Frankie, who is desperately trying to escape with his life…!
A sort of cross between The Window (1948) and Hunted (1952) and equally as good, The Yellow Balloon was one of the first films to be passed with the then new Adults Only “X” certificate by the British Board of Film Censors, which barred anyone under the age of 16 years being allowed into a cinema to see the film. This was because the censor felt that the chase through the Underground station in the last reel would be very frightening for young children and Andrew Ray, 13 years old when the film was shot in 1952 and 14 years old when it was released in May, 1953, was disappointed that he wasn’t allowed to go into a cinema to see his own film because he was way under the age of 16. However, after complaints from cinema exhibitors that the “X” certificate wasn’t really necessary for the film and it was losing them the family audience they had relied on up until that time, the BBFC eventually relented and in October, 1953, they re-classified the film with an “A” certificate (children under 16 allowed in to see the film if accompanied by an adult).

</doc>
<doc id="18940240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940240" title="Emil Ludwig Schmidt">
Emil Ludwig Schmidt

Emil Ludwig Schmidt (April 7, 1837 – October 22, 1906) was a German anthropologist and ethnologist who was a native of Upper Eichstätt. He was son-in-law to art historian Johannes Adolph Overbeck (1826-1895).
Originally trained as a doctor, Schmidt was a surgical assistant in Bonn, and later worked as a physician at the Alfried Krupp Hospital in Essen. In 1869-70 and 1876 he took anthropological study trips to North America, and in 1875 performed research in Egypt. In 1885 he received habilitation at the University of Leipzig, where in 1889 he became professor of anthropology and ethnology. In 1889-90 he performed research in Ceylon and southern India.
In 1900 Schmidt donated his collection of more than 1000 human skulls to the University of Leipzig.

</doc>
<doc id="18940249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940249" title="Russell MacEwan">
Russell MacEwan

Howard Russell MacEwan (8 May 1925 – 29 June 2008) was a Progressive Conservative party
member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Westville, Nova Scotia and became a barrister and solicitor by career.
He was first elected at the Pictou riding in
the 1957 general election, then re-elected there in the 1958, 1962, 1963 and 1965. With riding boundary changes, MacEwan won re-election at Central Nova riding in the 1968 federal election. He left federal politics in January 1971, during his term in the 28th Canadian Parliament, to become a Nova Scotia provincial judge at Amherst. From 1977 to 1991, he was based in New Glasgow.
Russell MacEwan died at Aberdeen Hospital in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia on 29 June 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18940250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940250" title="From G's to Gents">
From G's to Gents

"From G's to Gents" was an MTV reality television series which features misdirected young men willing to change their lives and become gentlemen. The show is hosted by Fonzworth Bentley, and premiered on MTV on July 15, 2008. The objective of the show is to make the transformation from a roughneck to a sophisticated gentleman within the given time. The second season, "From G's To Gents 2", premiered on February 10, 2009.
Voting process.
The voting procedure differs from other voting processes, due to the use of an "Ebony Sphere" or "Black Ball" to decide the fate of other cast members. Each player places a BlackBall in the corresponding box labeled with an opposing players name. At that time, the two (or more) players with the most votes are taken in front of Mr. Fonzworth Bentley. The chosen players are then assessed, and Mr. Bentley alone makes the final decision.

</doc>
<doc id="18940253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940253" title="The Yellow Balloon">
The Yellow Balloon

The Yellow Balloon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18940261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940261" title="Jean Victor de Constant Rebecque">
Jean Victor de Constant Rebecque

Jean Victor baron de Constant Rebecque (22 September 1773, in Genève – 12 June 1850, in Schönfeld (Silesia)) was a Swiss lieutenant-general in Dutch service of French ancestry. As chief-of-staff of the Netherlands Mobile Army he countermanded the order of the Duke of Wellington to evacuate Dutch troops from Quatre Bras on the eve of the Battle of Quatre Bras, thereby preventing Marshal Michel Ney from occupying that strategic crossroads.
Biography.
Family Life.
Rebecque was the son of François Marie Samuël de Constant d'Hermenches, seigneur d'Hermenches (1729-1800) and his second wife Louise Cathérine Gallatin (1736-1814). The father was, like the grandfather Samuel Constant de Rebecque (1676-1782) (who reached the rank of lieutenant-general), a Swiss officer in the service of the Dutch Republic. A nephew (not a brother as sometimes erroneously stated) was Benjamin Constant. Jean Victor de Constant Rebecque married Isabella Catharina Anna Jacoba baroness van Lynden (1768-1836) in Braunschweig on April 29, 1798.
Early career.
Rebecque entered the service of France as a "sous-lieutenant" in a regiment of Swiss Guards in 1788. He started a journal that year that he faithfully kept every day of the rest of his life, thereby providing useful source material to historians. On August 10, 1792 his regiment was massacred at the Tuileries Palace by French revolutionaries, but he escaped with his life. He returned to Switzerland where he was in military service until he (like his ancestors before him) entered the service of the Dutch Republic in 1793 in the regiment of Prince Frederick (a younger son of stadtholder William V, Prince of Orange). After the fall of the Republic, and the proclamation of the Batavian Republic he first entered British service (1795–1798) and subsequently Prussian service (1798–1811). During that Prussian service from 1805 he tutored the future William II of the Netherlands in military science and helped him pass his exams as a Prussian officer. When William started his studies at Oxford University he accompanied the young prince there and obtained a doctorate "honoris causa" from Oxford himself in 1811.
William was next appointed aide de camp of the Duke of Wellington in his campaign in the Iberian Peninsula and Rebecque likewise entered British service again on May 12, 1811 as a major, and participated in every battle the Duke (and William) fought there, distinguishing himself at the Battle of Vittoria.
When William, and his father William I of the Netherlands, returned to the Netherlands in November 1813, Rebecque was appointed a lieutenant-colonel in the so-called Orange-Nassau Legion. He advanced very rapidly after that: colonel and aide de camp of the Sovereign Prince on December 31, 1813. Quarter-master-general on January 15, 1814. He took part in the siege of Bergen op Zoom in the Spring of 1814, and was promoted to major-general on November 30, 1814.
Rebecque played a very prominent role in the organization from scratch of the armed forces of the Kingdom of the United Netherlands in 1813-1815. On April 11, 1814 he was appointed chief-of-staff of the new Netherlands Mobile Army that was then formed to besiege the French in Antwerp. In July 1814 he was appointed in a commission that was charged with the formation of a combined Dutch-Belgian army. He played a leading role in that commission. Next he helped Prince Frederick of the Netherlands found the headquarters of the Netherlands Mobile Army, that was to play such an important part in the Hundred Days Campaign, on April 9, 1815.
Probably because many Dutch officers (like generals Chassé and Trip) had served in the "Grande Armée" this new army was organized along the lines of the French army. In any case its general staff took Marshal Berthier's famous "état-major-général" as a model, and not the British system. Nevertheless, because Rebecque had long served as a staff officer in Wellington's army, he was well acquainted with British procedures, and knew his opposite numbers personally.
Quatre Bras and Waterloo.
After Napoleon I of France escaped from Elba and quickly overthrew the restored Bourbon monarchy in March 1815, he quickly formed L'Armée du Nord, with the help of veterans like François Aimé Mellinet (who organized the "Jeune Garde"), though he had to do without Marshals Berthier and Murat for various reasons. Threatened by this military build-up the Great Powers declared war on Napoleon personally and started to prepare for the inevitable showdown. The Sovereign Prince of the Netherlands also brought his plans for forming his Kingdom of the United Netherlands forward and proclaimed himself king on March 16, 1815 (see Eight Articles of London). Incidentally, this allowed him to give up his title of Prince of Orange and bestow it upon his eldest son as a courtesy title. That eldest son was now also put in charge of the new Netherlands Mobile Army, though at the same time the Duke of Wellington was appointed a field-marshal in the Dutch army. The arrangement was to be that Wellington would command the combined Anglo-Dutch army that was now assembling in the "Belgian" part of the United Netherlands, but that the Prince of Orange would be in charge of the Belgian-Dutch troops (with his younger brother Frederick nominally commanding a corps). Only Wellington and his chief-of-staff Lord Hill would be able to give direct orders to the Netherlands troops, but in practice Wellington always went "through channels" and conveyed his orders to the Belgian/Dutch units via the Prince of Orange.
Beside the Anglo-Netherlands army there also was still a Prussian army under field-marshal Gebhard Leberecht von Blücher in the Belgian Netherlands, as this part of the country formally still was an Allied military governorate-general (with king William as its governor-general). The two armies tried to protect the whole area and had therefore spread out, with the Prussians taking the south-eastern part, and the Anglo-Dutch the northwestern part. But of course, the area was much too large to cover it completely, so there was an appreciable gap between the two armies, a gap that Napoleon would be able to exploit strategically. His objective was to move quickly and defeat each army in turn (as his "Armée du Nord" was larger than each of the allied armies separately). For this to succeed he needed the element of surprise, because if the Allies would have known his exact intentions, and would have been able to react in time, they could of course have combined their armies in time and blocked his purpose.
Beside the element of surprise the geo-strategical shape of the theatre of war was also important. The terrain in south-eastern Belgium, where the hilly Ardennes are located, makes only a few invasion routes feasible. Besides, the number of highways was limited in 1815, and this further limited the movements of the opposing armies. Belgium has always been an important theatre of war in the course of the centuries, but in 1815 it had been peaceful since the victory of the French revolutionary armies in 1794, and most generals involved had last campaigned in the country when they were young officers, if at all. Strategic information was therefore at a premium.
Wellington himself had traversed the country on his way to Paris in 1814 and he had at that occasion scouted the area around Waterloo and was aware of its advantages as a battlefield in case Brussels was to be defended. He also commissioned one of his staff officers to survey the area and to assess its strategic choke points. One of those points was the crossroads of the Charleroi-Brussels road and the Nivelles-Namur road at Quatre Bras. It was generally recognized that the first road would be the prime venue for the French to reach Brussels, and the second one was indispensable for maintaining communications between the two allied armies. For that reason occupying the crossroads was essential; whichever army controlled it would have a decisive strategic advantage. For that reason Rebecque, as chief-of-staff of the Netherlands army ordered the commander of the Netherlands 2nd division, De Perponcher to secure it at all times on May 6, 1815.
However, Napoleon achieved his strategic surprise, because of a certain reticence on the part of the Allies: the Prussians and British had not declared war on France, just on Napoleon personally (a subtle, but important difference) and they therefore refrained from conducting cavalry reconnaissances across the French border. The Netherlands cavalry was not so constrained, and did reconnoitre the border area, but the three Netherlands cavalry brigades were too thin on the ground to cover the area thoroughly. When Napoleon therefore started his lightning (for the times) offensive, this was not discovered before it was almost too late. He was already in Charleroi before the French were discovered and when news of this sudden appearance reached Wellington he still worried that this was just a feint, and that the true advance would come by way of Mons. Because of this possibility of being outflanked, and being cut-off from the escape route to the coast, Wellington on the evening of June 15 decided to concentrate his army around Nivelles. His orders went out to all British troops directly, and to the Netherlands troops through the intermediary of the Prince of Orange and his staff (as described above).
The consequence of these orders in the concrete instance of the 2nd Brigade, 2nd Netherlands Division under major-general Prince Bernhard of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, which happened to be at Quatre Bras at the time, would have been that they would have "evacuated" this essential strategic point. As Saxe-Weimar was aware of the oncoming French because he heard firing from the vinity of Frasnes, and saw the alarm beacons lighted, the order to evacuate surprised him. He alerted the divisional commander, De Perponcher, who immediately put the other brigade of his division (then at Nivelles) on alert, and sent a staff officer, captain De Gargen, to the Netherlands headquarters at Braine-le-Comte.
Here, Rebecque (on the strength of De Gargen's report), in consultation with De Perponcher, decided to countermand Wellington's order, and instead ordered De Perponcher to reinforce Saxe-Weimar immediately with the 1st Brigade, 2nd Netherlands Division, under major-general Willem Frederik van Bylandt. He immediately reported this decision to the Prince of Orange in Brussels, who informed Wellington of it at the famous ball of the Duchess of Richmond. as Rebecque must have been well aware, as one of Wellington's former staff officers. He therefore displayed that rare commodity: moral courage.
The decision was not a minor one. Rebecque probably made it to keep communications with Blücher open, which may not have been the first thing on Wellington's mind. In any case, in the event Wellington did not come to Blücher's aid at the Battle of Ligny. But the strategic importance of Quatre Bras did not only hinge on the Nivelles-Namur road. Probably even more important was the Charleroi-Brussels road for Napoleon's political objective: the speedy occupation of Brussels. Had Marshal Michel Ney succeeded in occupying the crossroads and the road to the north, as Napoleon intended, the way would have been wide open for the French to quickly march north after their victory at Ligny; Brussels would probably have fallen, without Wellington being able to do anything about it; and with the fall of Brussels king William's little project of the Kingdom of the United Netherlands would have failed and his budding country might have been pushed out of the war. In any case, there probably would not have been a battle of Waterloo.
As it was, Ney was frustrated by the far-outnumbered Netherlands troops; Wellington won the Battle of Quatre Bras; the Allied army was able to make a strategic withdrawal to Wellington's preferred battleground near the Mont St. Jean; and the rest is history. Rebecque of course was also present at that battle as a staff officer, busily oiling the wheels of command and occasionally playing a decisive command role himself, as when he helped rally the broken Dutch militia battalions of Bijlandt's Brigade when they retreated to the position of the steadfast 5th Militia Battalion, which sustained such heavy casualties at Waterloo, only to be maligned by later historians. For his gallantry Rebecque was made a Knight Commander in the Military William Order on July 8, 1815.
Belgian Revolution and Ten Days Campaign.
After the Netherlands Mobile Army returned from the campaign in France in 1816, Rebecque was confirmed as Chief of the General Staff of the Netherlands army (which he would remain until his retirement). As such he capably organised that army and the system of conscription on which it was based in close co-operation with Prince Frederick. He was promoted to lieutenant-general in 1816. In 1826 he was appointed "gouverneur" (tutor) of the young sons of the Prince of Orange, like he had been the tutor of their father from 1805. When in 1830 king William was asked to act as arbiter in the matter of the conflict over the delineation of the Maine and New Brunswick border, the Northeastern Boundary Dispute(a matter that was only finally settled by the Webster-Ashburton Treaty in 1842), Rebecque headed the fact-finding commission that prepared the arbitrage award.
This award was made in August 1830 just about when the Belgian Revolution erupted in which Rebecque was to play a controversial role. From hindsight the experiment of reuniting the Habsburg Netherlands in the guise of the Kingdom of the United Netherlands probably was never a good idea. Since the separation of the Dutch and Belgian provinces in 1579 (when the Union of Arras and the Union of Utrecht were concluded) the two countries had grown even further apart than they were already, with Belgium becoming more monolithically Catholic due to the enforced exodus of Protestants to the North. The last time reunification was seriously discussed was during the abortive peace talks between the Brussels and The Hague States-Generals after the conquest of Maastricht by stadtholder Frederick Henry, Prince of Orange in 1632. After that Amsterdam opposition to the opening of the Scheldt for trade on Antwerp made the Dutch very reluctant to even consider reunification. They were satisfied with a quasi-codominion with the Austrians over their southern neighbors after 1715. That is where matters stood until in 1790 the United States of Belgium briefly explored accession to the Dutch Republic, but nothing came of that.
The only one who was truly enthusiastic about the 1815 reunion was king William. Both his southern and northern subjects were sceptical, but at first acquiescent. From hindsight much has been made of alleged preferential treatment of Dutchmen by the government as a cause of the rupture in 1830, but close scrutiny of the actual history of the union probably would not uphold that assertion: William was evenhanded in his language policy, trying to give equal weight to both French and Dutch as government languages. This meant that in Belgium Flemish was formally emancipated from the previously dominant French, but in actual practice French continued to dominate. It was the language of the educated elite. As a matter of fact, the aristocratic First Chamber of the States-General conducted its business exclusively in French, because the Belgian members pleaded ignorance of Dutch. Many of the government elite were consequently "frenchified," even the ones that were of Dutch extraction, so the complaint of giving preference to French speakers was voiced at least as loudly as the opposite complaint.
An example is the Prince of Orange: though he may have acquired Dutch in his later life, his first language was undoubtedly French. This also applied to his forebears (though this may come as a shock to many Dutchmen): the language of the court of the House of Orange, and of Orange-Nassau, had always been French (and would remain so until the early 20th century, long after the split with Belgium). Rebecque certainly never became proficient in Dutch, and there is no reason why he should have: his brother officers always spoke French (bar a few Englishmen, possibly) and contacts with Dutch speakers could always be mediated by bilingual subalterns and servants. This applied to many of the Netherlands officers who had served at Quatre Bras and Waterloo, and in 1830 still occupied the upper ranks of the Netherlands army.
To this fully assimilated elite the Brussels insurrection of August 1830, with its anti-Dutch overtones therefore came as a rude shock. At first they reacted with indecision and with reluctance to apply military severity. Especially the Prince of Orange had the illusion that he could rely on his undoubted popularity (he was far more liberal than his paternalistic father, and for that reason hardly on speaking terms with the king) and might be able to reason with the insurrectionists. However, the échec of Orange's brave entry into the hostile city on September 1 with only a few companions (of which Rebecque was one), which almost ended in a lynching, put an end to that. Rebecque (who was the political antipode of his liberal nephew Benjamin Constant, probably because of his traumatic experience in the Tuileries in 1792) now counseled playing the military card. He is credited with (or blamed for) having made the plan for the assault on Brussels on September 21, which ended catastrophically, and caused much bloodshed. Rebecque himself was wounded in the streetfighting. The Dutch army retreated to Antwerp where the next catastrophe, the indefensible bombardment of the city by general Chassé, happened.
Rebecque was back the next year, when he helped organise the ill-fated Ten Days Campaign. This attempt to retrieve terrain lost, was executed brilliantly in a military sense, but politically it was a disaster. One wonders what Rebecque and his political masters hoped to achieve, even if the French had not intervened? They could easily beat the nascent Belgian army, but what would have been next? It seems unlikely that the Dutch would have had the stomach for the kind of repression that Russia used to quell the Polish Insurrection of 1830-1831. As White makes clear, the real objective may more properly have been to strengthen the Dutch position in the following negotiations, which the Dutch successes arguably did. But a reunification of the two countries, as king William seems to have hoped for, was never in the cards.
One small detail of the Campaign involved Rebecque posthumously. The armistice was signed on August 12, 1832, but shortly afterward a young Belgian artillery officer, Alexis-Michel Eenens thought he saw a Dutch violation of the ceasefire and opened fire on the Dutch troops. This minor incident got a peculiar follow-up when Eenens (by then a lieutenant-general and military historian), published "Documents historiques sur l'origine du royaume de Belgique. Les conspirations militaires de 1831 (Bruxelles, 1875, 2 vols.)" in 1875. This work caused a furore, because Eenens accused a number of prominent Belgians of treason in the course of the Revolution. And he also raked up the old alleged ceasefire violation, accusing the Prince of Orange of culpability. All of this caused a heated polemic with a number of Dutch generals and historians. A grandson of Rebecque published an extract of Rebecque's journal as (1875) "Le prince d'Orange et son chef d'état-major pendant la journée du 12 août 1831, d'après des documents inédits", in an attempt to contradict Eenens' accusations.
Rebecque retired from the service in 1837. He was made a Dutch baron on August 25, 1846 by his old protégé, now king William II. He retired to his estates in Silesia and died there in 1850, almost 77 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="18940263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940263" title="2008 Irish flash floods">
2008 Irish flash floods

The 2008 Irish flash floods were a series of flash floods that occurred across the island of Ireland in August 2008. The floods and related weather conditions primarily affected the following counties; Limerick, Cork, Dublin, Antrim, Carlow, Galway, Laois, Louth, Meath, Kildare, Kilkenny, Tipperary, Offaly, Sligo and Donegal. Parts of Ireland's large urban centres, including Dublin and Belfast, were submerged, whilst Carlow town has experienced some of the worst flooding in the country. One person died; 31-year-old Polish dad-of-one Przemyslaw Jablonski. He went missing in the River Fergus, in Ennis, and was found 6 days later (on 18 August) in the same river. He was pronounced dead at the scene.
Conditions before the floods.
Rainfall in Cork for the month of July 2008 was the heaviest recorded since 1975. The combined total for June and July was more than twice the normal level of rainfall expected for that time period. Around the country the weather was wetter than normal for July with exceptional rainfall in County Limerick in the last 24 hours of July giving rise to this figure. Met Éireann described July as "a dull month generally". The highest average temperature recorded in July was 15.7 degrees (Shannon Airport); the same location also enjoyed the warmest day of the month at 25.2 degrees on 24 July. The lowest air temperature since the early 1970s was recorded at Mullingar during July – a figure of 3.6 degrees was recorded on the 5th. The greatest level of sunshine was in the east of the country – Dublin Airport recorded 156 hours of sunshine – whilst the lowest level of rainfall was recorded at Belmullet – 54 millimetres fell during July.
Timeline of events.
1 August.
County Limerick and County Cork were the first areas to be affected. On the night of 31 July/August 1, the River Blackwater in Cork burst its banks, causing severe flooding between Banteer and Mallow. Cork County Council issued a flood warning for Mallow on the morning of the 1st whilst council staff distributed sandbags. Bridge Street in Mallow was closed for a time but later reopened for motorist use. The Town Park Road in Mallow was closed for a longer period. Flood relief works had been ongoing in Mallow for six months but were not expected to finish for another 18 months. Further downstream, floodwaters reached Fermoy at around 10 pm.
In Limerick, it took several hours before electricity was restored to 3,000 homes in Newcastle West, where a major clear-up operation was underway after the River Arra burst its banks earlier in the morning. Up to 20 homes were badly affected by "freak" flash flooding overnight, with residents having to be rescued from their houses. There were few injuries; although an elderly woman was airlifted from her home and immediately diagnosed with hypothermia. Met Éireann said that the average rainfall for the last week of July was about 26mm – three times that amount dropped between 7 pm and midnighton 31 July in Newcastle West. At one rainfall station in the area, a measurement of 90.1mm was recorded in that time. Around 100mm of rain would be expected in one month. The rainfall was said to be "tropical-like in intensity". Limerick County Council issued a public drinking water notice residents of Newcastle West to boil their water before use. The areas affected by the boil notice included Newcastle West, Coolcappagh and Rathcahill and the Ballyine, Dually, Reens Kilscannell, Old Mill Road, Killoughteen and Killeline Group Water Supply Schemes.
2 August.
The River Deel threatened to flood in Askeaton, County Limerick. Localised flooding occurred earlier in the day in the town. The Newcastle West Business Association called on the government to help those worst affected by the flash floods of the previous day. Spokesman Pat O'Donovan stated that many businesses were uninsured or under-insured and needed financial assistance. A huge cleanup operation continued in parts of Limerick and Cork. It was estimated that millions of euro worth of damage was caused. Met Éireann claimed that the area around Newcastle West experienced the equivalent of four weeks rain in five hours.
9 August.
The record for a single 24-hour period of rain in August was almost broken in Dublin. 56mm of rain fell on Dublin Airport in 24 hours. The record (60mm) was set in August 1986, in the aftermath of Hurricane Charley. Celbridge was flooded and nearby roads were impassable. Flooding was reported between Naas and Blessington. A river burst its banks along the Ballyroan to Portlaoise road at Cashel Cross in County Laois. Only one lane of the road was open to traffic at the time. The road between Portlaoise and Timahoe was badly flooded whilst the Stradbally Village to Athy road was impassable. Other roads closed included the N3 (inbound and outbound at Blanchardstown Shopping Centre), the M1 (inbound and outbound after the Port Tunnel), the M50 (blocked at Ballymun northbound) with diversions in place. Dart services were suspended between the Malahide and Howth junctions whilst there was also disruption to Northern Commuter and Belfast rail services. Garda diversions were put in place and long delays were to be had. Dublin Airport authorities asked passengers to give plenty of time to reach the airport and, if possible, to check their route before they leave. A football match between Shamrock Rovers and Sunderland, due to be played at Tolka Park at 7.30pm that evening, was cancelled due to the flooding.
In Dublin, it was reported that one vehicle was swept down a road in a torrent of flood water. "The combination of monsoon-like rain and a high-tide" prompted a spokesperson for Dublin Fire Brigade to report that crews spent most of the night rescuing people from houses and cars. He claimed that, between 4 pm and midnight, 800 calls were taken with 600 of these flood-related, going on to say: “We’ve never had anything like that. We wouldn’t generally get that many calls on Halloween.” Hundreds of Armagh Gaelic football fans, attending the All-Ireland quarter-final at Croke Park, were stranded by torrential rain when they left the stadium to discover their cars surrounded by water. The rain prompted GAA officials in Croke Park to turn on the floodlights for the second half of the All-Ireland quarter final between Kerry and Galway in what was to be the first ever floodlight championship game in Croke park, the game was described by many as the greatest game of pure vintage football played in Croke Park in the 2000s (decade) despite the worst rain in Irish history.
10 August.
A clean-up operation was underway in Dublin and Kildare following the previous day's flash flooding. Gardaí said flood water had subsided in most parts except for some areas in north county Dublin. The N3 near Blanchardstown was re-opened. On the M50 there was still severe flooding on both the northbound and southbound lanes. The M1 at Whitehall was re-opened on both sides following flood-related closures. According to Met Éireann, in the 24-hour period from midnight on 8 August until midnight on 9 August, 76.2mm of rain was recorded at Dublin Airport, a new record for the month of August. The previous record, 73mm, was recorded in August 1986.
Kildare County Council reported bad flooding in Celbridge. Eight houses in the Vanessa Close Estate were flooded with water of approximately 60 cm after the Toni River, a tributary of the River Liffey, overflowed. The Clane to Celbridge Road and Ardrass Road from Straffan to Celbridge were closed due to flooding. Flooded pumps caused sewage to flow into the streets of Celbridge, damaging some premises on the Main Street. 4,000 scouts in Punchestown had to spend the night indoors after being removed by the Civil Defence to the major events centre on the site. Leixlip and Maynooth experienced flooding although no damage to property was reported.
In County Laois the Ballyroan to Portlaoise Road was flooded at Cashel Cross after a river burst its banks. In County Offaly, the Tullamore Show, due to take place that day, was cancelled for the second consecutive year due to the weather. Dublin Fire Brigade said all areas of the capital had been affected by overnight flooding, particularly in Swords and Drumcondra. Houses in the Knocklyon and Firhouse areas of south Dublin were flooded. The Civil Defence was also called in to help pump water. On the M50 a bus full of people journeying to Dublin Airport was marooned in the floods and had to be pulled free with the aid of a tractor. Racing at the Curragh was cancelled because of a waterlogged track.
12 August.
Heavy rainfall in Dublin led to flooding and collisions on commuter routes. Dublin City Council described the situation as "serious". In Mulhuddart the Church Road was reported as closed at the cemetery through to the Hollystown Golf Club. Two open manholes were reported; one at the Drumcondra/Home Farm Rd junction, another outbound on the Ballymun Road outside the library, resulting in a flooded bus lane. The N3 at Blanchardstown was closed between the two exit slips which access the Blanchardstown Town Centre. Traffic was diverted around the flooded area via the Snugborough and Mulhuddart interchanges. The left lane of the M50 Southbound at J5 Finglas was closed due to flooding. There were reports of "a lot of surface water" on the M50 at J4 Ballymun in both directions. Flooding was seen at the Strawberry beds approaching Lucan and on Tandys Lane in Lucan village, from the Old Swords Road to Coolock Lane, and at the Griffith Ave Ballymun Road junction. The flooding on River Road in Finglas was described as "heavy". Surface water and debris on the Killinarden side of the Killtipper Road at "a very bad bend" caused delays to motorists. On the Naas Road outbound there was surface water after Newlands Cross and at the Kylemore Road junction and Eglinton Road in Donnybrook was flooded. In Dublin city centre there was flooding at Westland Row, Lincoln Place. In County Louth, the R173 Carlingford to Newry Road was described as "flooded and impassable".
13 August.
Several hours of heavy rainfall led to flash floods in Dublin, with the Phoenix Park's Castleknock gate closed off and the road rendered impassable by the heavy floods. Some DART services were suspended for a time in the evening. Rail services between Drogheda and Dundalk were not operating overnight due to the flooding. In County Leitrim the Dowra to Drumkeeran Road was impassable when part of the road and a small bridge was swept away in heavy flooding. There were widespread road closures elsewhere including County Meath, County Louth, County Mayo, County Sligo and County Donegal. Homes in Dublin affected by flooding included those in Finglas (a number of elderly women were rescued from a complex), Glasnevin, Clontarf and Blanchardstown – including an area around Connolly Hospital in Blanchardstown. The N3 at Blanchardstown was closed for a time and there was flooding on the M50. Some lanes on the Naas Road and Carlingford to Newry Road in County Louth were also closed. In County Kerry, the main Castleisland to Killarney road was impassable in the morning due to flooding, with some cars being stranded. The Gneeveguilla Killarney road was also impassable after a river broke its banks. Ballinorig in Tralee town reported flooding whilst there was a tree down on the road to Ardfert quarries. A tree was also down on the road between Tarbert village and the ferry.
In Northern Ireland, three teenagers from County Down were rescued from the Mourne Mountains in the middle of torrential rainfall. The three girls, aged between 15 and 17, awoke at 05:00 to discover their campsite had been washed away, with a swollen river determining the need for mountain rescue. The chairman of the Mourne Rescue Service, Ed Kilgore had this to say: "If they had decided to try to get across the river it could have been nasty" and said the girls were "wet, miserable and relieved" upon rescue. The girls were met by relatives at the foot of the mountain, with dry clothes given out by the rescue team. Elsewhere in the county, a man in his early 40s was killed as a result of a two-vehicle collision near Crossgar, with heavy rain blamed for the treacherous driving conditions. Five other motorists had to be pulled from their vehicles near Moira when flood waters entrapped them.
14 August.
The Irish Insurance Federation said the cost of compensating the victims of the floods could reach tens of millions of euro. Victims of a 2002 flooding in Ringsend called on the Irish Government to provide humanitarian assistance to those whose homes were devastated by the 2008 series of floods. In County Sligo, the Arigna to Geevagh Road was reported to still be blocked due to a landslide around Gleann. In County Leitrim, the Dowra to Drumkeeran road was deemed passable as were the Drumkeeran to Manorhamilton and Kiltyclogher to Glenfarne roads. In County Meath, the flooding receded on the N2 at Balrath near Kentstown making the road passable.
16 August.
Severe weather conditions were witnessed across the country. The M4 between the Maynooth and Kilcock exits was closed as a result of "serious" flooding. The Clane to Kilcock Road was blocked and the Kilcock to Summerhill road was reduced to one lane due to the floods. Motorists were asked to use the M7 due to the Newbridge to Naas road being partially closed from Tuckers roundabout. The road from Rathangan to Kildare town was described as "impassable". The Clifden to Westport road near Letterfrack was blocked. In County Wicklow, Rathnew experienced what was described as "severe flooding" and the Wicklow to Rathnew and Trim to Dublin roads were impassable The Skreen to Walterstown road was closed, although the Navan/Slane road was later deemed passable. In County Tipperary, a bridge at Ballynunty collapsed following heavy rain. The Park Road in Ravensdale, County Louth was impassable. Severe flooding in County Monaghan blocked the Castleblayney to Lough Egish road at the bypass bridge whilst flooding was reported along the N54 Monaghan to Clones road and on the Carrickmacross to Ballybay road. The Tramore road in County Waterford was impassable from the Ballindud roundabout to Tramore. There were also reports of localised flooding in parts of Dublin.
A section of one of the busiest roads in Northern Ireland, the Westlink in Belfast, was closed after flooding put the new Broadway underpass under six metres of water. Five cars entered the underpass while it was under two metres of water and had to be abandoned. Northern Ireland's Minister for Regional Development, Conor Murphy, ordered an investigation into why the recently constructed £104 million (€132 million) underpass was flooded. It was the first time the underpass had had to cope with heavy rain. Northern Ireland's Environment Minister Sammy Wilson announced a compensation package for those whose homes were affected by the flooding.
17 August.
Carlow town was the centre of the flood alerts on 17 August. Rising waters from the River Barrow led to over 100 people being evacuated from a four-storey apartment block on Centaur Street. Kennedy Street was closed off. The Civil Defence was monitoring two other apartment blocks ready to evacuate them if waters rose further. Elsewhere in the county, the road between Tullow and Rathtoe was blocked after a two-car collision in which six people were injured. The wounded were brought to St. Luke's General Hospital in Kilkenny. Gardaí reported that there was still flooding in Daingean and Edenderry in County Offaly where the canal had burst its banks. There were reports of flooding around Clonygowan. In County Laois, Mountmellick's main street was flooded, whilst the Mountmellick to Ballyfinn (R423) and Mountmellick to Derryclooney roads were both impassable due to flooding. Diversions were in place on the N77 Kilkenny to Durrow road because of flooding at Ballyragget. In County Galway the N59 on the Oughterard side of Moycullen was partially blocked after a truck overturned. In Northern Ireland, the M1 reopened inbound from Black's Road to Stockman's Lane and outbound from Saintfield Road. The M2 fully re-opened. Stena Line's fastferry sailings between Rosslare and Fishguard on the 18th were cancelled due to severe weather forecast for the south Irish Sea, causing severe passenger disruption.
18 August.
Carlow town remained the worst affected area by the flash floods. Roads were flooded in County Offaly, County Tipperary, County Kilkenny, County Laois and County Galway. Parts of Carlow town were under almost two metres of flood water after the River Barrow burst its banks following heavy rainfall. Approximately 100 people spent the night in a hotel when they had to evacuate their apartment block on Centaur Street. Others were ferried to and from work in the morning by the Civil Defence. Minister for the Environment John Gormley, visited Carlow to view the crisis, and said that the contract for flood defences would proceed "as quickly as possible". Staff at Winnie Dalgarno's flooded pet store in Graiguecullen had to take animals home when electricity was switched off. Winnie said: "We have lost a few reptiles, our birds have been badly affected, we had 20 hamsters floating, I have had to put rabbits in bird cages."
In County Offaly, the Fire Service and the Civil Defence assisted residents of the Whitehall Estate in Tullamore after the nearby river burst its banks. A number of homes were flooded, but the estate was not evacuated. The organisers of Fleadh Cheoil na hÉireann, which was taking place that week in Tullamore, said they were "coping with the bad weather". Some campsites had to be moved to temporary locations in the wake of the floods.
In Ennis, the body of 31-year-old cook and father-of-one, Przemyslaw Jablonski was recovered from the River Fergus. He was pronounced dead at the scene. Meath County Council advised people in Athboy to boil all water they used from the mains supply. Supply was shut down as a precautionary measure after a local river burst its banks, threatening to contaminate the drinking water supply.
Eircom reported nearly 4,300 faults over the previous weekend, with 6,500 reported faults that day. The worst affected areas included Clontarf, Blanchardstown, Phibsboro, Portmarnock, Leixlip and Clane.
Flooding at Portadown caused delays of up to 90 minutes on the Dublin to Belfast train service.
19 August.
Drinking water was delivered to hundreds of households in County Sligo where flood water caused problems with the fresh water supply. Sligo County Council issued notice for people to boil water before use. Boil notices were also in place in parts of County Meath – Athboy, Kildalkey and Ráth Cairn – following the bursting of a river's banks. Speaking on RTÉ Radio's "News at One", Environment Minister John Gormley said despite the economic downturn, money would be made available to provide flood defences for Carlow whose flood waters were subsiding (although a number of streets remained closed with dozens of residents who were forced to leave their apartments still being housed in temporary accommodation). The Office of Public Works said that contracts for flood defence systems would soon be finalised for towns such as Mallow, Ennis and Clonmel. Speaking on "Morning Ireland", Tom Sherlock, principal officer of engineering services at the OPW, expressed confidence that new flood defence schemes already in place in some towns would hold for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="18940307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940307" title="List of countries by intentional homicide rate by decade">
List of countries by intentional homicide rate by decade

List of countries by homicide rate by decade per year per 100,000 inhabitants. The reliability of underlying national homicide rate data may vary. Homicide demographics are affected by changes in trauma care, leading to changed lethality of violent assaults, so the homicide rate may not necessarily indicate the overall level of societal violence.

</doc>
<doc id="18940326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940326" title="Kapka Kassabova">
Kapka Kassabova

Kapka Kassabova is a poet, essayist and travel writer who was born in Sofia, Bulgaria in 1973. After leaving Bulgaria as a teenager and spending her twenties in New Zealand, she now lives in the Scottish Highlands.
The Australian journalist Clive James has said of her: “In the suitcase that she has mentally lived out of since she was a little girl, Kapka Kassabova has brought the turbulent memories of 20th century European history with her to New Zealand, where she recollects bad dreams in comparative tranquillity, and always with the phrasing of a born musician.” In 2008, Kassabova published the memoir 'Street Without a Name' which "The Guardian" newspaper called a "profound meditation on the depth of change triggered by the events of 1989 throughout eastern Europe". In 2011, she published the tango book 'Twelve Minutes of Love' which was described by the Independent as "an exquisitely crafted blend of travelogue, memoir, dance history, and some seriously good writing on the human condition."

</doc>
<doc id="18940338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940338" title="Iranistan">
Iranistan

Iranistan was a Moorish Revival mansion in Bridgeport, Connecticut that was commissioned by P. T. Barnum in 1848. It was designed by the Austrian-American architect Leopold Eidlitz. At this "beautiful country seat" Barnum played host to such famous contemporaries as Matthew Arnold, George Custer, Horace Greeley, and Mark Twain. The grandiose structure survived only a decade before being destroyed by fire in 1857. It was one of five such fires in the showman's life that "burned to the ground all his accomplishments".
Construction.
"Barnum’s most unique mansion" was designed by the New York architect Leopold Eidlitz, later a founder of the American Institute of Architects. It was a mix of Byzantine, Moorish, and Turkish decorative elements, inspired by the Royal Pavilion in Brighton, England, which Barnum visited shortly after its construction and admired. 
As such an architectural style had not yet become established in the United States, Barnum describes his efforts to have it built:
I concluded to adopt it, and engaged a London architect to furnish me a set of drawings after the general plan of the pavilion, differing sufficiently to be adapted to the spot of ground selected for my homestead. On my second return visit to the United States, I brought these drawings with me and engaged a competent architect and builder, giving him instructions to proceed with the work, not 'by the job' but 'by the day,' and to spare neither time nor expense in erecting a comfortable, convenient, and tasteful residence. The work was thus begun and continued while I was still abroad, and during the time when I was making my tour with General Tom Thumb through the United States and Cuba. Elegant and appropriate furniture was made expressly for every room in the house. I erected expensive water-works to supply the premises. The stables, conservatories and out-buildings were perfect in their kind. There was a profusion of trees set out on the grounds. The whole was built and established literally 'regardless of expense,' for I had no desire even to ascertain the entire cost.
By the time the house was completed in 1848 it had cost Barnum about $150,000.
Description.
The architectural extravaganza on of land was the first of four "famous" Bridgeport mansions built by Barnum. The fanciful three-story oriental-style structure had numerous porches and arches, the whole thing topped by multiple onion domes. A circular driveway curved around a fountain in the front of the house and urns stood at corners of the lawn.
Iranistan had a greenhouse from which Barnum used to gather flowers for Sunday services at the local Universalist church. Barnum imported and kept a variety of choice livestock at this property and was soon president of the local Fairfield County agricultural society.
The Swedish opera singer Jenny Lind told Barnum that she would not have come to the United States if Barnum had not built Iranistan. Lind explained that she did not "relish the idea of crossing of water" and declined all offers until she received a letter from Barnum that was engraved with an image of Iranistan in its heading. Deciding that any gentleman successful enough to build "such a palace cannot be a mere adventurer", she agreed to an interview which she would have "declined if I had not seen the picture of Iranistan".
Fire.
When Barnum experienced financial difficulties, he had Iranistan closed and it was unoccupied for more than two years. Carpenters and painters entered to do some work and had been ordered not to smoke in the building. They smoked after-dinner pipes there in the evening. A pipe left to smolder may have ignited a blaze after the workmen were gone. 
The fire alarm was sounded at 11 PM on December 17, 1857 and the house burned until 1 AM. P.T. Barnum was staying at the Astor House in New York City. In the morning of December 18, he received a telegram from his brother, Philo F. Barnum, informing him that Iranistan had burned to the ground. Barnum had retained some insurance on the unoccupied mansion, but he collected only $28,000. Many pictures and pieces of furniture were saved from the fire, although much of the salvaged pieces were damaged. After the fire, bank assignees sold the property, including the surviving outbuildings, to Elias Howe, the inventor of a sewing machine.
Museum.
The Iranistan seen in the A&E Network movie "P. T. Barnum" was a specially constructed model that now marks the entrance to the main gallery of the Barnum Museum. The museum also has a recreation of Iranistan's library that holds furniture designed by cabinetmaker Julius Dessoir and "showcases Barnum's distinctive taste."

</doc>
<doc id="18940343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940343" title="Brandy for the Parson">
Brandy for the Parson

Brandy for the Parson is a 1952 British comedy film directed by John Eldridge and starring Kenneth More, Charles Hawtrey, James Donald and Jean Lodge. A young couple get mixed up in a smuggling ring. It was based on a novel by Geoffrey Household. The title is a reference to "A Smugglers Song" by Rudyard Kipling.

</doc>
<doc id="18940352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940352" title="Mireille Guiliano">
Mireille Guiliano

Mireille Guiliano (English pronunciation d͡ʒuli'ɑːnoʊ) (born on April 14, 1946, in Moyeuvre-Grande, France) is a French-American author.
Guiliano wrote "French Women Don't Get Fat" (2004) which reached No.1 on the "New York Times" "Advice, How-to and Miscellaneous: Hardcover bestseller" list, followed by "French Women for All Seasons". She runs a related website offering advice, recipes, and a reader forum to complement her "French Women" books.
Guiliano's third book, "Women, Work & The Art of Savoir Faire: Business Sense & Sensibility" was published in October 2009, and her fourth, "The French Women Don't Get Fat Cookbook", was released in April 2010.
Her latest book, "French Women Don't Get Facelifts: The Secret of Aging with Style and Attitude," was published on December 24, 2013. 
Guiliano has appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show", "Today", "The Early Show", "Dateline NBC" and CNN. She has been profiled in " The New York Times, USA Today, TIME, Newsweek, The Robb Report, Business Week, Travel & Leisure, Food & Wine" and dozens of other publications.
She frequently contributes articles on food, wine, travel, and lifestyle to a wide range of publications, including "Town & Country" and "The Quarterly Review of Wines". She has authored essays for "Newsweek", "Bon Appétit", and "Nespresso" magazines, as well as the third chapter of "Parisiennes" (Flammarion 2007).
Guiliano works with groups promoting business opportunities and education for women.
Education.
A native of France, Mireille Guiliano grew up in Rombas, Lorraine amidst cooks, chefs, and restaurateurs. Guiliano completed a year of her primary education as an exchange student in the United States (1966). She completed her secondary education in Paris, where she studied French and English literature at the (1966–1970) and received her Master's degree. She also attended the Institut Supérieur d'Interprétariat et de Traduction where she received a certification as a translator/interpreter.
Career.
Prior to becoming a full-time author, Guiliano was for over 20 years the spokesperson for Champagne "Veuve Clicquot" and a senior executive at LVMH as well as CEO of Clicquot, Inc., the United States firm she helped found in 1984 and was its first employee.
Mireille Guiliano is one of the few women to rise to the top of the luxury industry and is well known for her business success. Under her leadership, Veuve Cliquot grew its U.S. marketshare from less than 1% to 25%.
After publishing "French Women Don’t Get Fat" and "French Women for All Seasons", Guiliano decided to retire from Cliquot, Inc. (LVMH) and follow her new passion to become a full-time writer.
Personal.
Guiliano currently resides in Manhattan with her husband, Edward, president and CEO of the New York Institute of Technology, and makes frequent trips to their homes in Paris and Provence for business and pleasure.
Books.
Mireille Guiliano's first book, "French Women Don't Get Fat: The Secret of Eating for Pleasure" was a No.1 bestseller in the US, as well as a best seller in many other countries. In less than six months, well over 1 million copies of the book were printed and it has been translated into 37 languages. The book was based on the lessons she learned after gaining weight as a teen. Her family physician, dubbed "Dr. Miracle" by Guiliano, came to the rescue: reintroducing her to classic principles of French gastronomy plus time-honored tricks of the local women, he helped restore her shape with a fresh understanding of food, drink, and living. The key lessons he taught her were moderation and how to eat for pleasure while maintaining a healthy diet and healthy weight.
In the fall of 2006, Guiliano followed up with "French Women for All Seasons: A Year of Secrets, Recipes and Pleasure". Devoted to "l'art de vivre" (the art of living), the book contains 100 additional recipes that feature French staples such as leeks and chocolate. While her first book enabled readers to enjoy a healthier relationship with food, "French Women for All Seasons" showed readers how to enjoy a healthier relationship with life. In both, through her personal stories and illustrations, she espouses living life to the fullest by embracing quality, sensitivity, seasonality, and pleasure, while maintaining a healthy equilibrium.
In Fall 2009, Atria Books published Guiliano's third book, "Women, Work & The Art of Savoir Faire". The book is a guide for women in business, exploring issues of balancing career and personal life, risk taking, career advancement, leadership, branding, etiquette, mentoring, communication skills, and personal relationships. It draws on the insights and experiences Guiliano gathered over her thirty-year career in business, including a long stop as CEO of Clicquot, Inc. (LVMH). As in her other books, Guiliano leads with the message that life, even in business, should be a pursuit of pleasure.
In Spring 2010, Guiliano published "The French Women Don't Get Fat Cookbook" (Atria), her first cookbook and the third book in the "French Women" trilogy. The cookbook includes recipes as well as stories from Guiliano's life and advice for maintaining a healthy diet and lifestyle. As in her earlier books, chocolate, champagne and pleasure are key ingredients.
Guiliano's latest book, "French Women Don't Get Facelifts: The Secret of Aging with Style and Attitude," was published on December 24, 2013. In the book, she uses her signature blend of wit, no-nonsense advice and storytelling flair to share well-guarded secrets French women know about looking and feeling great as the years progress. 

</doc>
<doc id="18940354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940354" title="Carl Nordly">
Carl Nordly

Carl L. Nordly (August 30, 1901 – February 1990) was a head men's basketball coach at the University of Minnesota. Nordly started his coaching career at Carleton College, where he played collegiately. In 1935, Nordly became a professor at Minnesota and in 1942, following the first retirement of Dave MacMillan, took over as Gophers head coach. He coached the team from 1942 to 1944 and had a 17–23 career record. Nordly remained a professor at Minnesota until 1955. Nordly's coaching style was heavily indebted to Walter Meanwell, former coach of the Wisconsin Badgers.

</doc>
<doc id="18940362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940362" title="Levan Datunashvili">
Levan Datunashvili

Levan Datunahsvili (born Tbilisi, 18 January 1983) is a Georgian rugby union footballer. He plays as a lock.
Career.
Datunahsvili currently plays for Aurillac, in France. 
He has currently 49 caps, with 4 tries scored, 20 points in aggregate, for the Georgian Squad. His debut was at 22 February 2004, in a 6-6 draw with Spain, where he played as a substitute. He was selected for the Georgia side that entered the 2007 Rugby World Cup finals. He played three matches, two of them as a substitute. He was called for the 2011 Rugby World Cup, playing in four matches. He was scoreless in both presences.

</doc>
<doc id="18940367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940367" title="William G. Blakeley House">
William G. Blakeley House

The William G. Blakeley House is at 503 Spring Street in Kingman, Arizona. The house was built in 1887. It is a Colonial Revival. This is one of the oldest houses in Kingman. From 1887 to 1911, Mr. Blakeley was a miner, lawyer, probate judge, on the school board, and the pastor of St. John’s Methodist Church. This house is on the National Register of Historic Place and the number is 86001115.

</doc>
<doc id="18940377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940377" title="Brian Freemantle">
Brian Freemantle

Brian Harry Freemantle (born 10 June 1936) is an English thriller and non-fiction writer, known for his 1977 spy novel "Charlie M".
Freemantle was born in Southampton, and has written under the pseudonyms John Maxwell, Jonathan Evans, Jack Winchester and Richard Gant. He is a Freeman of the City of London.
Until 1975, when he became a full-time writer, he was a foreign correspondent and editor for various newspapers, including the "Daily Mail" and the "Daily Sketch". In April that year, he organised the sole British-led airlift rescue of South Vietnamese civilians during the Fall of Saigon, assisting in the evacuation of 100 orphans.

</doc>
<doc id="18940380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940380" title="Barbara Simmons">
Barbara Simmons

Barbara M. Simmons is an American television director and editor.
Awards and nominations.
Simmons has been nominated for 22 Daytime Emmy awards in the categories Outstanding Drama Series Directing Team, Outstanding Achievement in Multiple Camera Editing for a Drama Series, and Outstanding Achievement in Technical Excellence for a Daytime Drama Series, for her work on "All My Children". She was nominated from 1982 to 2008, and won five times in 1982, 1995, 2001, 2003, and 2005. Her first win was shared with Joseph Solomito, Howard Zweig, Diana Wenman, Jean Dadario-Burke, Lawrence Hammond, Robert Ambrico, Larry Strack, Vincent Senatore, Jay Kenn, Trevor Thompson, Len Walas, Albin S. Lemanski, Charles Eisen Sr., Roger Haenelt, and Barbara Wood.

</doc>
<doc id="18940386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940386" title="Ford, Virginia">
Ford, Virginia

Ford is an unincorporated community in Dinwiddie County, Virginia, United States. Ford is located on U.S. Route 460 west-southwest of Petersburg. Ford has a post office with ZIP code 23850.

</doc>
<doc id="18940418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940418" title="Xing Yanan">
Xing Yanan

Xing Yanan (born 17 June 1983 in Zibo, Shandong) is a Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres.
He represented his country in the 4x100 metres relay event at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
He set a new personal best in the 100 m in May 2009, finishing third at the Chinese national championships with a time of 10.38 seconds.
He won the relay bronze medal for Beijing at the 11th Chinese National Games in 2009 along with Zhang Peimeng.

</doc>
<doc id="18940443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940443" title="2007 Kremlin Cup – Women's Singles">
2007 Kremlin Cup – Women's Singles

Anna Chakvetadze was the defending champion, but lost in the second round to Dinara Safina.
Elena Dementieva won in the final 5–7, 6–1, 6–1, against Serena Williams.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18940444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940444" title="Santa Maria (Tatjana song)">
Santa Maria (Tatjana song)

"Santa Maria" is a Eurodance song originally recorded and released in 1995 by Tatjana. The song was later recorded by DJ Milano and British singer Samantha Fox in 1997.
Background.
After Fox's five-year contract with Jive Records expired, the singer went to Ibiza, where she met DJ Milano. The pair recorded "Santa Maria" in a then-popular and trendy eurodance style. The song was written by Kirsti Johansen and Kjetil Røsnes (of Avalanche) with Mike Stock and Matt Aitken, the two members of Stock Aitken Waterman production trio. The song was originally recorded by Dutch artist Tatjana for the European market, but for the UK/US market Samantha Fox covered the song, although Tatjana's version was issued in the US on Popular Records as a CD maxi single.
"Santa Maria" became a notable hit around Europe. It was released as a single-only song and was later included in Samantha's "Watching You, Watching Me" album tracklisting. It also appeared on 2009 "Greatest Hits" compilation. The music video was directed by Ben Hume-Paton.

</doc>
<doc id="18940448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940448" title="1601 Vine St (Office Tower)">
1601 Vine St (Office Tower)

1601 Vine St. is a proposed mixed-use skyscraper in the Pennsylvania city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. This project will consist of two towers. The height of the first tower will be approximately 530 feet with 46 floors. The second building, which is much shorter, will be 138 feet with 12 floors.
References.
http://forum.skyscraperpage.com/showthread.php?t=142606

</doc>
<doc id="18940456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940456" title="Windfall (1955 film)">
Windfall (1955 film)

Windfall is a 1955 British comedy film written by John Gilling and directed by Henry Cass, starring Lionel Jeffries, Jack Watling and Gordon Jackson. Dad's Army star Arthur Lowe also makes a brief appearance in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="18940465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940465" title="St. Mary's Church and Cemetery">
St. Mary's Church and Cemetery

St. Mary's Church and Cemetery may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18940470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940470" title="Unification of Japan">
Unification of Japan

Unification of Japan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18940473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940473" title="Roxanne Potvin">
Roxanne Potvin

Roxanne Potvin (born March 31, 1982, Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada) is a Canadian bilingual Gatineau, Quebec-based singer, blues guitarist, songwriter and vocalist. Born in Regina, where her father was a TV reporter for CBC, Potvin moved to the Ottawa area when she was two. Potvin has performed at clubs, festivals, and special events across Ontario and farther afield — Potvin’s schedule has included a trip to France for a major festival in 2007, she has played the Toronto Women's Blues Review show twice (most recently November 2007 at Massey Hall in Toronto) and in 2008 she was nominated as Female Vocalist of the Year at the Maple Blues Awards.
Music.
Influences.
Potvin has stated that her music has been influenced by her growing up and listening to artists such as: Dinah Washington, Freddie King, Muddy Waters, Big Bill Broonzy, John Hiatt, the Beatles, Elvis Presley, Aretha Franklin, Sarah Vaughan, Billie Holiday, Solomon Burke, Irma Thomas, Jimmy Reed, the Staple Singers, Ruth Brown, Jimmy Bryant, Charlie Christian, Lonnie Johnson, BB King, Bessie Smith and others.
Studio albums.
"Bogart's Bounce".
Potvin made her recording debut in January 2002 when she sang an original tune on "Bogart's Bounce", a Northern Blues release by Ottawa's JW-Jones Blues Band. Veteran blues giants Kim Wilson and Gene Taylor of the Fabulous Thunderbirds also appeared on the album.
"Careless Loving".
In 2003 Potvin wrote a canon of songs with which she self-produced, self-financed, self-released, and self promoted her first recording, "Careless Loving". The album featured six original songs and four covers by Dinah Washington, Ruth Brown, Etta James and Buddy Johnson. This album helped build her reputation as a songwriter as well as a singer and player. Local writers (and campus and CBC radio) embraced the CD, and Potvin's reputation began to spread.
"The Way It Feels".
"The Way It Feels" (2006), was produced by Colin Linden — a Nashville-based Canadian guitarist and writer with 60 CD production projects to his name — helped bring together a cast of support players that included, in addition to Daniel Lanois, Bruce Cockburn, Wayne Jackson of the The Memphis Horns, members of the Fairfield Four, and one of Potvin's favourite songwriters and singers, John Hiatt.
The album received a Juno Award nomination for Blues Album of the Year.
"Time Bomb".
"Time Bomb" (2007) featured three female blues players, Deborah Coleman, Sue Foley and Potvin. The title track, "Time Bomb", an instrumental where all three women take turns laying down leads. For the next nine songs the women spell each other off taking lead vocals and guitar duties of every third song until they come together again on the final track "In The Basement".
"No Love for the Poisonous".
"No Love for the Poisonous" (2008) was produced by Dave Mackinnon of FemBots. In a favourable review of the album, "The Globe and Mail" wrote, "Smartly timeless and featuring the most assured songwriting of Potvin's three-album career, No Love for the Poisonous is a wicked success story."
"Play".
In 2011, Potvin changed directions and recorded "Play", an album with a combination of folk, indie rock and pop influences. She collaborated with Black Hen Music director and guitarist Steve Dawson and a crew of Vancouver studio musicians, recording an album of new songs in five days.
Management.
Roxanne Potvin signed with Alert Music Inc. late in 2005, and is now managed by industry veteran W. Tom Berry (Holly Cole, Kim Mitchell, Gino Vannelli).

</doc>
<doc id="18940487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940487" title="The Champion in Me">
The Champion in Me

"The Champion in Me" is the first track of the AT&T TEAM USA Soundtrack created for the 2008 Summer Olympics, by rock band 3 Doors Down. The song was released on July 15, 2008. The song is only available through the Soundtrack or by digital download.
Music video.
The music video for the song shows the band performing with shots of some USA Olympians participating in the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18940489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940489" title="San Ysidro Transit Center (MTS Transit Center)">
San Ysidro Transit Center (MTS Transit Center)

San Ysidro Transit Center is a San Diego Trolley station on the Blue Line and the southern terminus for this line. The previous station northwest is Beyer Boulevard. South of this station is the San Ysidro international border. The station serves primarily as a way to provide access to downtown for the thousands of international commuters and tourists who travel between the cities. Its secondary purpose is to provide access to the large shopping areas, including the Premium Outlets, that are connected to the stop via a pedestrian walkway.
Bus connections.
San Diego Metropolitan Transit System: 901 (Evening only via Line 906 from Iris Ave. Station), 906, 907 

</doc>
<doc id="18940490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940490" title="2010 Winter Olympics medal table">
2010 Winter Olympics medal table

The 2010 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XXI Olympic Winter Games, was a winter multi-sport event held in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, from February 12 to February 28. A total of 2,632 athletes representing 82 National Olympic Committees (NOCs) (+2 from 2006 Olympics) participated in 86 events (+2 from 2006) from 15 different sports and disciplines (unchanged from 2006).
Athletes from 26 NOCs won at least one medal, and athletes from 19 of these NOCs secured at least one gold. For the first time, Canada won a gold medal at an Olympic Games it hosted, having failed to do so at both the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal and the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary. In contrast to the lack of gold medals at these previous Olympics, the Canadian team finished first overall in gold medal wins, and became the first host nation—since Norway in 1952—to lead the gold medal count, with 14 medals. In doing so, it also broke the record for the most golds won by a NOC at a single Winter Olympics (the previous was 13, set by the Soviet Union in 1976 and matched by Norway in 2002). The United States placed first in total medals—its second time doing so in a Winter Games—and set a new record for most medals won by a NOC at a single Winter Olympics, with 37 (the previous record was 36, established by Germany in 2002). Athletes from Slovakia and Belarus won the first Winter Olympic gold medals for their nations.
Cross-country skier Marit Bjørgen from Norway won five medals (three gold, one silver, one bronze), more than any other athlete. Chinese short track speed skater Wang Meng tied Bjørgen for the lead in gold medals, with three.
__TOC__
Medal table.
The medal table is based on information provided by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) and is consistent with IOC convention in its published medal tables. By default, the table is ordered by the number of gold medals the athletes from a nation have won, where a nation is an entity represented by a National Olympic Committee (NOC). The number of silver medals is taken into consideration next and then the number of bronze medals. If nations are still tied, equal ranking is given and they are listed alphabetically.
In the men's individual biathlon competition, two silver medals were awarded for a second-place tie, so no bronze medal was awarded for that event.
"To sort this table by NOC, total medal count, or any other column, click on the icon next to the column title."

</doc>
<doc id="18940500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940500" title="Qiao Liang (writer)">
Qiao Liang (writer)

Qiao Liang (; born 1955), Major General in the People's Liberation Army, is the co-author of the book "Unrestricted Warfare".

</doc>
<doc id="18940501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940501" title="Zhu Yafei">
Zhu Yafei

Zhu Yafei, also known as Chu Yafei, (born September 5, 1988 in Inner Mongolia) is a Chinese race walker. He has represented his country at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2009 World Championships in Athletics.
Career.
While undergoing his studies, he took part in the 2007 Summer Universiade and won the 20 km walk title ahead of the more experienced Park Chil-Sung. He competed at the 20 km race walk event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He competed at his first world championships the following year and took thirteenth place in the 20 km walk at the 2009 World Championships in Berlin. After the major championships he took to the national and continental stages: taking a bronze medal for Inner Mongolia at the 11th National Games of China behind Wang Hao and Li Jianbo, and then upgrading to the silver medal at the 2009 Asian Athletics Championships – just one second behind Li.
He had success on the racewalking circuit in 2010, taking the silver medal in the 20 km walk at the 2010 IAAF World Race Walking Cup, behind compatriot Wang Hao. He then took wins at the Na Rynek Marsz! and Gran Premio Cantones de Marcha meets in May and June.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18940507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940507" title="Windsor Spitfires (1946–53)">
Windsor Spitfires (1946–53)

The Windsor Spitfires were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey Association from 1946 to 1953. The team was based in Windsor, Ontario. The current Windsor Spitfires, founded in 1971, are the namesake of the these Spitfires. The Spitfires played home games at the Windsor Arena, built in 1924.
History.
The Spitfires were created in 1946 on the foundation of the Windsor Junior Hockey League, the local junior league up until 1946.
In 1953, the Spitfires were sold to Hamilton to create the Hamilton Tiger Cubs. The Spitfires were replaced by an OHA Senior A Hockey League team called the Windsor Bulldogs. The Bulldogs won the OHA Senior A championship in 1962 and 1963 as well as the Allan Cup in 1963. They turned professional for one season after winning the Allan Cup, then folded.
In 1971, the Windsor Spitfires were reformed in the Southern Ontario Junior A Hockey League. In 1975, they were accepted into the OHA.
Championships.
J. Ross Robertson Cup

</doc>
<doc id="18940527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940527" title="Idol on Parade">
Idol on Parade

Idol on Parade also known as Idle on Parade is a 1959 youth-oriented British comedy film directed by John Gilling and starring Anthony Newly, Sid James and Lionel Jeffries. It was John Antrobus' first screenplay. The film was based on the 1958 novel "Idle on Parade" by William Camp that was inspired by Elvis Presley's consription into the US Army. 
The film was produced by Warwick Films and featured Newley singing five songs in a Cockney accent for the film.

</doc>
<doc id="18940529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940529" title="Anam v. Bush">
Anam v. Bush

Anam v. Bush
is a writ of habeas corpus filed on behalf of a dozen Guantanamo detainees.
The petition was filed before US District Court Judge Henry H. Kennedy on July 14, 2004. It was one of over 200 habeas corpus petitions filed on behalf of detainees held in the Guantanamo Bay detention camp in Cuba. 
Military Commissions Act.
The Military Commissions Act of 2006 mandated that Guantanamo captives were no longer entitled to access the US civil justice system, so all outstanding habeas corpus petitions were stayed.
Boumediene v. Bush.
On June 12, 2008 the United States Supreme Court ruled, in Boumediene v. Bush, that the Military Commissions Act of 2006 could not remove the right for Guantanamo captives to access the US Federal Court system. And all previous Guantanamo captives' habeas petitions were eligible to be re-instated.

</doc>
<doc id="18940531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940531" title="The Legion of the Condemned">
The Legion of the Condemned

The Legion of the Condemned is a 1928 American silent film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Fay Wray and Gary Cooper. Written by John Monk Saunders and Jean De Limur, with intertitles by George Marion Jr., the film is about four young men from various walks of life who sign up for the Lafayette Escadrille, known as "The Legion of the Condemned". The film was produced by Jesse L. Lasky, William A. Wellman, and Adolph Zukor. The film was distributed by Paramount Pictures. No copies of this film are known to have survived, and it is now considered a lost film. The film used some aerial footage from the Paramount film "Wings" (1927).
Plot.
Four young men from various walks of life sign up as flyers for the Lafayette Escadrille, a military unit known as "The Legion of the Condemned" composed mostly of American volunteer pilots flying fighters in World War I. All four men are running away from something—the law, love, or themselves. Whenever a dangerous mission comes up, the four men draw cards to see who will fly off to near-certain doom. With his best friend Byron Dashwood (Barry Norton) already having died in combat, Gale Price (Gary Cooper) draws the high card next time around. As he prepares to drop a spy behind enemy lines, Gale remembers the events leading up to this moment—remembering his ill-fated romance with Christine Charteris (Fay Wray), whom he now believes to be a German spy. As he approaches his aircraft, Gale discovers that his passenger is Christine, who is actually an operative in the French secret service. Before she can explain her true identity, Gale is obliged to fly Christine to her rendezvous point. She is arrested as a spy and sentenced to be executed but is saved when the firing squad is destroyed by a bombing raid. Afterwards, they are rescued by their unit and reconciled.

</doc>
<doc id="18940542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940542" title="Once a Jolly Swagman">
Once a Jolly Swagman

Once a Jolly Swagman is a 1949 British film starring Dirk Bogarde, Bonar Colleano, Bill Owen and Sid James. It is centred on the sport of speedway racing, which was at its peak of popularity at the time. The film is based on the 1946 novel by Montagu Slater.
The title of the film refers to the first line of the song "Waltzing Matilda".

</doc>
<doc id="18940550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940550" title="Albanian language">
Albanian language

Albanian ( or ) is an Indo-European language spoken by approximately 7.4 million people, primarily in Albania, Kosovo, the Republic of Macedonia and Bulgaria but also in other areas of the Balkans in which there is an Albanian population, including Montenegro, Greece, and Italy. Centuries-old communities speaking Albanian-based dialects can be found scattered in Greece, southern Italy, Sicily, and Ukraine. As a result of a modern diaspora, there are also Albanian speakers elsewhere in those countries and in other parts of the world, including Scandinavia, Switzerland, Germany, Austria and Hungary, United Kingdom, Turkey, Australia, New Zealand, Netherlands, Singapore, Brazil, Canada, and the United States.
The earliest written document that mentions the Albanian language is a late-13th-century crime report from Dubrovnik. The first audio recording of the Albanian language was made by Norbert Jokl on 4 April 1914 in Vienna.
History.
The first written mention of the Albanian language was on 14 July 1285 in Dubrovnik, when a certain Matthew, witness of a crime, stated "I heard a voice shouting on the mountainside in the "Albanian tongue"" ().
Linguistic affinities.
The Albanian language is an Indo-European language in a branch by itself, sharing its branch with no other extant language. (The other extant Indo-European languages in a branch by themselves are Armenian and, in some classifications, Greek.) Though sharing lexical isoglosses with Greek, Balto-Slavic, and Germanic, the vocabulary of Albanian is quite distinct. Once hastily grouped with Germanic and Balto-Slavic based on the merger of PIE *"ǒ" and *"ǎ" into *"ǎ" in a supposed "northern group", Albanian has been proven to be distinct from these two because this vowel shift is only part of a larger "push chain" that affected all long vowels. Albanian does share two features with Balto-Slavic languages: a lengthening of syllabic consonants before voiced obstruents and a distinct treatment of long syllables ending in a sonorant. Conservative features of Albanian include the retention of the distinction between active and middle voice, present tense, and aorist.
Albanian is considered to have evolved from an ancient Paleo-Balkan language, usually taken to be either Illyrian or Thracian, but this is disputed. (See also Thraco-Illyrian and Messapian language.)
Linguistic influences.
The earliest loanwords attested in Albanian are from Doric Greek (probably indirect), whereas the strongest influence was from Latin. The period during which Proto-Albanian and Latin interacted was protracted and drawn out roughly from the 2nd century BC to the 5th century AD. This is borne out into roughly three layers of borrowings, the largest number belonging to the second layer. The first, with the fewest borrowings, was a time of less important interaction. The final period, probably preceding the Slavic or Germanic invasions, also has a notably smaller number of borrowings. Each layer is characterized by a different treatment of most vowels, the first layer having several that follow the evolution of Early Proto-Albanian into Albanian; later layers reflect vowel changes endemic to Late Latin and presumably Proto-Romance. Other formative changes include the syncretism of several noun case endings, especially in the plural, as well as a large scale palatalization.
A brief period followed, between the 7th and 9th centuries AD, that was marked by heavy borrowings from Southern Slavic, some of which predate the "o-a" shift common to the modern forms of this language group. Starting in the latter 9th century AD, there was a period characterized by protracted contact with the Proto-Romanians, or Vlachs, though lexical borrowing seems to have been mostly one sided—from Albanian into Romanian. Such borrowing indicates that the Romanians migrated from an area where the majority was Slavic (i.e. Middle Bulgarian) to an area with a majority of Albanian speakers (i.e. Dardania) where Vlachs are recorded in the 10th century AD. Their movement is probably related to the expansion of the Bulgarian Empire into Albania around that time. This fact places the Albanians in the western or central Balkans at a rather early date.
According to the central hypothesis of a project undertaken by the Austrian Science Fund FWF, Old Albanian had a significant influence on the development of many Balkan languages. Intensive research now aims to confirm this theory. Albanian is being researched using all available texts before a comparison with other Balkan languages is carried out. The outcome of this work will include the compilation of a lexicon providing an overview of all Old Albanian verbs.
Latin element of the Albanian language.
Jernej Kopitar (1780–1844) was the first to note Latin's influence on Albanian and claimed "the Latin loanwords in the Albanian language had the pronunciation of the time of Emperor Augustus". Kopitar gave examples such as Albanian "qiqer" from Latin "cicer", "qytet" from "civitas", "peshk" from "piscis" and "shigjetë" from "sagitta". The hard pronunciations of Latin and are retained as palatal and velar stops in the Albanian loanwords. Gustav Meyer (1888) and Wilhelm Meyer-Lübke (1914) later corroborated this.
Eqrem Çabej also noticed, among other things, the archaic Latin elements in Albanian:
Haralambie Mihăescu demonstrated that:
Other authors have detected Latin loanwords in Albanian with an ancient sound pattern from the 1st century BC, for example, Albanian "qingëlë" from Latin "cingula" and Albanian "e vjetër" from Latin "vetus"/"veteris". The Romance languages inherited these words from Vulgar Latin: Vulgar "*cingla" became N. Romanian "chinga", meaning "belly band, saddle girth", and Vulgar "veteran" became N. Romanian "bătrân", meaning "old".
Albanian, Basque, and the surviving Celtic languages such as Irish are the non-Romance languages today that have this sort of extensive Latin element dating from ancient Roman times, which have undergone the sound changes associated with the languages. Other languages such as English only received their Latin and Romance vocabulary during medieval times and are therefore more obvious and closer to their original Latin spellings.
Historical presence and location.
The place where the Albanian language was formed is uncertain, but analysis has suggested that it was in a mountainous region rather than on a plain or seacoast: while the words for plants and animals characteristic of mountainous regions are entirely original, the names for fish and for agricultural activities (such as ploughing) are borrowed from other languages.
A deeper analysis of the vocabulary, however, shows that this could be a consequence of the prolonged Latin domination of the coastal and plain areas of the country, rather than evidence of the original environment where the Albanian language was formed. For example, the word for 'fish' is borrowed from Latin, but not the word for 'gills', which is native. Indigenous are also the words for 'ship', 'raft' and 'navigation', 'sea shelves' and a few names of fish kinds, but not the words for 'sail', 'row', 'harbor', objects pertaining navigation itself and a large part of sea fauna. This rather shows that Proto-Albanians were pushed away from coastal areas in early times (probably after the Latin conquest of the region) thus losing large parts (or the majority) of sea environment lexicon. A similar phenomenon could be observed with agricultural terms. While the words for 'arable land', 'corn', 'wheat', 'cereals', 'vineyard', 'yoke', 'harvesting', cattle breeding etc are native, the words for 'plowing', 'farm' and 'farmer', agricultural practices, and some harvesting tools are foreign. This, again, points to intense contacts with other languages and people, rather than providing evidence of a possible "Urheimat".
The center of Albanian settlement remained the Mat River. In AD 1079 they are recorded farther south in the valley of the Shkumbin river. The Shkumbin, a seasonal stream that lies near the old Via Egnatia, is approximately the boundary of the primary dialect division for Albanian, Tosk-Gheg. The characteristics of Tosk and Gheg in the treatment of the native and loanwords from other languages are evidence that the dialectal split preceded the Slavic migration to the Balkans, which means that in that period (5th to 6th centuries AD) Albanians were occupying pretty much the same area around the Shkumbin river, which straddled the Jirecek line.
References to the existence of Albanian as a distinct language survive from the 14th century, but they failed to cite specific words. The oldest surviving documents written in Albanian are the "Formula e Pagëzimit" (Baptismal formula), "Un'te paghesont' pr'emenit t'Atit e t'Birit e t'Spertit Senit". ("I baptize thee in the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Spirit") recorded by Pal Engjelli, Bishop of Durrës in 1462 in the Gheg dialect, and some New Testament verses from that period.
The oldest known Albanian printed book, "Meshari", or "missal", was written in 1555 by Gjon Buzuku, a Roman Catholic cleric. In 1635, Frang Bardhi wrote the first Latin-Albanian dictionary. The first Albanian school is believed to have been opened by Franciscans in 1638 in Pdhanë.
Dialects.
Albanian is divided into three major dialects: Gheg, Tosk, and a transitional dialect zone between them.
The Shkumbin river is roughly the dividing line, with Gheg spoken north of the Shkumbin and Tosk south of it. There are also other dialects like Arbëresh and Arvanitika, but these dialect exist in some zones of Italy and Greece.
Standard Albanian.
Before World War II the language predominantly used for official purposes was Gheg Albanian because King Zog I was a Gheg leader. Prior to World War II, dictionaries consulted by developers of the standard have included "Lexikon tis Alvanikis glossis" (Albanian: "Fjalori i Gjuhës Shqipe" (Kostandin Kristoforidhi, 1904), "Fjalori i Bashkimit" (1908), and "Fjalori i Gazullit" (1941). After World War II standard Albanian is based on the Tosk dialect, while standardization was directed by the Institute of Albanian Language and Literature of the Academy of Sciences of Albania. Two dictionaries were published in 1954: an Albanian language dictionary and a Russian–Albanian dictionary. New orthography rules were eventually published in 1967 and 1973 ("Drejtshkrimi i gjuhës shqipe" (Orthography of the Albanian Language). More recent dictionaries from the Albanian government are "Fjalori Drejtshkrimor i Gjuhës Shqipe" (1976) (Orthographic Dictionary of the Albanian Language) and "Dictionary of Today's Albanian language" ("Fjalori i Sotëm i Gjuhës Shqipe") (1980).
Geographic distribution.
Albanian is spoken by approximately 7.4 million people, mainly in Albania, Kosovo, Turkey, the Republic of Macedonia, Greece and Italy (Arbereshe) and by immigrant communities in many other countries, notably the United Kingdom, the United States, Germany, the Netherlands, and Switzerland.
Standard.
Standard Albanian, based on the Tosk dialect of southern Albania, is the official language of Albania and Kosovo and is also official in municipalities of the Republic of Macedonia where ethnic Albanians form more than 20% of the municipal population. It is also an official language of Montenegro, where it is spoken in municipalities with ethnic Albanian populations.
Phonology.
Standard Albanian has 7 vowels and 29 consonants. Gheg uses long and nasal vowels, which are absent in Tosk, and the mid-central vowel "ë" is lost at the end of the word. The stress is fixed mainly on the last syllable. Gheg "n" ("femën": compare English "feminine") changes to "r" by rhotacism in Tosk ("femër").
Consonants.
Notes:
Vowels.
Schwa.
Although the Indo-European schwa (ə or -h2-) was preserved in Albanian, in some cases it was lost, possibly when a stressed syllable preceded it. Until the standardization of the modern Albanian alphabet, in which the schwa is spelled as "ë", as in the work of Gjon Buzuku in the 16th century, various vowels and gliding vowels were employed, including "ae" by Lekë Matrënga and "é" by Pjetër Bogdani in the late 16th and early 17th century. The schwa in Albanian has a great degree of variability from extreme back to extreme front articulation. Within the borders of Albania, the phoneme is pronounced about the same in both the Tosk and the Gheg dialect due to the influence of standard Albanian. Howevever, in the Gheg dialects spoken in the neighbouring Albanian-speaking areas of Kosovo and Macedonia, the phoneme is still pronounced as back and rounded.
Grammar.
Albanian has a canonical word order of SVO (subject–verb–object) like English and many other Indo-European languages. Albanian nouns are inflected by gender (masculine, feminine and neuter) and number (singular and plural). There are five declensions with six cases (nominative, accusative, genitive, dative, ablative, and vocative), although the vocative only occurs with a limited number of words, and the forms of the genitive and dative are identical (a genitive is produced when the prepositions "i/e/të/së" are used with the dative). Some dialects also retain a locative case, which is not present in standard Albanian. The cases apply to both definite and indefinite nouns, and there are numerous cases of syncretism.
The following shows the declension of "mal" (mountain), a masculine noun which takes "i" in the definite singular:
The following shows the declension of the masculine noun "zog" (bird), a masculine noun which takes "u" in the definite singular:
The following table shows the declension of the feminine noun "vajzë" (girl):
The definite article is placed after the noun as in many other Balkan languages, like in Romanian, Macedonian and Bulgarian.
Albanian has developed an analytical verbal structure in place of the earlier synthetic system, inherited from Proto-Indo-European. Its complex system of moods (six types) and tenses (three simple and five complex constructions) is distinctive among Balkan languages. There are two general types of conjugations.
Albanian verbs, like those of other Balkan languages, have an "admirative" mood ("mënyra habitore") that is used to indicate surprise on the part of the speaker or to imply that an event is known to the speaker by report and not by direct observation. In some contexts, this mood can be translated using English "apparently".
For more information on verb conjugation and on inflection of other parts of speech, see Albanian morphology.
Word order.
In Albanian, the constituent order is subject–verb–object, and negation is expressed by the particles "nuk" or "s'" in front of the verb, for example:
However, the verb can optionally occur in sentence-initial position, especially with verbs in the non-active form ("forma joveprore"):
In imperative sentences, the particle "mos" is used:
Orthography.
The Albanian language has been written using many different alphabets since the earliest records from the 15th century. The history of Albanian language orthography is closely related to the cultural orientation and knowledge of certain foreign languages among Albanian writers. The earliest written Albanian records come from the Gheg area in makeshift spellings based on Italian or Greek and sometimes in Turko-Arabic characters. Originally, the Tosk dialect was written in the Greek alphabet and the Gheg dialect was written in the Latin script. Both dialects had also been written in the Ottoman Turkish version of the Arabic script, Cyrillic, and some local alphabets. More specifically, the writers from Northern Albania and under the influence of the Catholic Church used Latin letters, those in southern Albania and under the influence of the Greek Orthodox church used Greek letters, while others throughout Albania and under the influence of Islam used Arabic letters. There were initial attempts to create an original Albanian alphabet during the 1750–1850 period. These attempts intensified after the League of Prizren and culminated with the Congress of Monastir held by Albanian intellectuals from 14 to 22 November 1908, in Monastir (present day Bitola), which decided the alphabet and standardized spelling for standard Albanian down to the present. The alphabet is the Latin alphabet with the addition of the letters "ë", "ç", and nine digraphs.
Literary tradition.
Earliest undisputed texts.
The earliest known texts in Albanian: 
The first book in Albanian is the Meshari ("The Missal"), written by Gjon Buzuku between 20 March 1554 and 5 January 1555. The book was written in the Gheg dialect in the Latin script with some Slavic letters adapted for Albanian vowels. The book was discovered in 1740 by Gjon Nikollë Kazazi, the Albanian archbishop of Skopje. It contains the liturgies of the main holidays. There are also texts of prayers and rituals and catechetical texts. The grammar and the vocabulary are more archaic than those in the Gheg texts from the 17th century. The 188 pages of the book comprise about 154,000 words with a total vocabulary of c. 1,500 different words. The text is archaic yet easily interpreted because it is mainly a translation of known texts, in particular portions of the Bible. The book also contains passages from the Psalms, the Book of Isaiah, the Book of Jeremiah, the Letters to the Corinthians, and many illustrations. The uniformity of spelling seems to indicate an earlier tradition of writing. The only known copy of the Meshari is held by the Apostolic Library. In 1968 the book was published with transliterations and comments by linguists.
Disputed earlier text.
In 1967 two scholars claimed to have found a brief text in Albanian inserted into the Bellifortis text, a book written in Latin dating to 1402–1405.
Dr. Robert Elsie, a specialist in Albanian studies, considers that "The Todericiu/Polena Romanian translation of the non-Latin lines, although it may offer some clues if the text is indeed Albanian, is fanciful and based, among other things, on a false reading of the manuscript, including the exclusion of a whole line."
Ottoman period.
In 1635, Frang Bardhi (1606–1643) published in Rome his "Dictionarum latinum-epiroticum", the first known Latin-Albanian dictionary. Other scholars who studied the language during the 17th century include Andrea Bogdani (1600–1685), author of the first Latin-Albanian grammar book, Nilo Katalanos (1637–1694) and others.
Classification.
Albanian was demonstrated to be an Indo-European language in 1854 by the philologist Franz Bopp. The Albanian language constitutes its own branch of the Indo-European language family.
Albanian was formerly compared by some Indo-Europeanists with Balto-Slavic and Germanic, both of which share a number of isoglosses with Albanian. Moreover, Albanian has undergone a vowel shift in which stressed, long "o" has fallen to "a", much like in the former and opposite the latter. Likewise, Albanian has taken the old relative "jos" and innovatively used it exclusively to qualify adjectives, much in the way Balto-Slavic has used this word to provide the definite ending of adjectives. Other linguists link Albanian with Greek and Armenian, while placing Germanic and Balto-Slavic in another branch of Indo-European. Nakhleh, Ringe, and Warnow argued that Albanian can be placed at a variety of points within the Indo-European tree with equally good fit; determining its correct placement is hampered by the loss of much of its former diagnostic inflectional morphology and vocabulary.
Origin.
Albanian is often seen as the descendant of Illyrian, although this hypothesis has been challenged by some linguists, who maintain that it derives from Dacian or Thracian. (Illyrian, Dacian, and Thracian, however, may have formed a subgroup or a Sprachbund; see Thraco-Illyrian).
(Old) Albanian.
According to the central hypothesis of a project undertaken by the Austrian Science Fund FWF, Old Albanian had a significant influence on the development of many Balkan languages. Intensive research now aims to confirm this theory. This little-known language is being researched using all available texts before a comparison with other Balkan languages is carried out. The outcome of this work will include the compilation of a lexicon providing an overview of all Old Albanian verbs.
Proto-IE features.
The demonstrative pronoun "ko" is ancestral to Albanian "ky/kjo" and English "he".
Albanian is compared to other Indo-European languages below, but note that Albanian has exhibited some notable instances of semantic drift (such as "motër" meaning "sister" rather than "mother" or the Latin loans "gjelbër" and "verdhë" having become switched in meaning).
Albanian-PIE phonological correspondences.
Phonologically Albanian is not so conservative. Like many IE stocks it has merged the two series of voiced stops (e.g., both "dʰ" became "d"). In addition the voiced stops tend to disappear in between vowels. There is almost complete loss of final syllables and very widespread loss of other unstressed syllables (e.g., "mik", "friend" from Lat. "amicus"). PIE "o" appears as "a" (also, if "e" appears as a high front vowel "i" follows), while "ē" and "ā" become "o", and PIE "ō" appears as "e". The palatals, velars, and labiovelars all remain distinct before front vowels, a conservation found otherwise in Luvian and related Anatolian languages. Thus PIE "ḱ", "k", and "kʷ" become "th", "q", and "s", respectively (before back vowels "ḱ" becomes "th", while "k" and "kʷ" merge as "k"). Another remarkable retention is the preservation of initial "h4" as Alb. "h" (all other laryngeals disappear completely).
Vocabulary.
Early Greek loans.
There are some 30 Ancient Greek loanwords in Albanian. Many of these reflect a dialect which voiced its aspirants, as did the Macedonian dialect. Other loanwords are Doric; these words mainly refer to commodity items and trade goods and probably came through trade with a now-extinct intermediary.
Gothic loans.
Some Gothic loanwords were borrowed through Late Latin, while others came from the Ostrogothic expansion into parts of Praevalitana around Nakšić and the Gulf of Kotor in Montenegro.
The earliest accepted document in the Albanian language is from the 15th century AD. It is assumed that Greek and Balkan Latin (which was the ancestor of Romanian and other Balkan Romance languages) would exert a great influence on Albanian. Examples of words borrowed from Latin: "qytet < civitas" (city), "qiell < caelum" (sky), "mik < amicus" (friend).
After the Slavs arrived in the Balkans, the Slavic languages became an additional source of loanwords. The rise of the Ottoman Empire meant an influx of Turkish words; this also entailed the borrowing of Persian and Arabic words through Turkish. Many Albanian names (such as Enver Hoxha) are of Turkish origin. Surprisingly the Persian words seem to have been absorbed the most. Some loanwords from Modern Greek also exist especially in the south of Albania. A lot of the borrowed words have been re-substituted from Albanian rooted words or modern Latinized (international) words.

</doc>
<doc id="18940560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940560" title="McDonnell Douglas AV-8B Harrier II">
McDonnell Douglas AV-8B Harrier II

The McDonnell Douglas (now Boeing) AV-8B Harrier II is a single-engine ground-attack aircraft that constitutes the second generation of the Harrier Jump Jet family. Capable of vertical or short takeoff and landing (V/STOL), the aircraft was designed in the late 1970s as an Anglo-American development of the British Hawker Siddeley Harrier, the first operational V/STOL aircraft. Named after a bird of prey, it is primarily employed on light attack or multi-role missions, ranging from close air support of ground troops to armed reconnaissance. The AV-8B is used by the United States Marine Corps (USMC), the Spanish Navy, and the Italian Navy. A variant of the AV-8B, the British Aerospace Harrier II, was developed for the British military, while another, the TAV-8B, is a dedicated two-seat trainer.
The project that eventually led to the AV-8B's creation started in the early 1970s as a cooperative effort between the United States and United Kingdom (UK), aimed at addressing the operational inadequacies of the first-generation Harrier. Early efforts centered around a powerful revamped Rolls-Royce Pegasus engine to dramatically improve the capabilities of the Harrier. Due to budgetary constraints, the United Kingdom abandoned the project in 1975.
Following the withdrawal of the UK, McDonnell Douglas extensively redesigned the earlier AV-8A Harrier to create the AV-8B. While retaining the general layout of its predecessor, the aircraft incorporates a new wing, an elevated cockpit, a redesigned fuselage, one extra hardpoint per wing, and other structural and aerodynamic refinements. The aircraft is powered by an upgraded version of the Pegasus, which gives the aircraft its V/STOL ability. The AV-8B made its maiden flight in November 1981 and entered service with the USMC in January 1985. Later upgrades added a night-attack capability and radar, resulting in the AV-8B(NA) and AV-8B Harrier II Plus, respectively. An enlarged version named Harrier III was also studied, but not pursued. The UK, through British Aerospace, re-joined the improved Harrier project as a partner in 1981, giving it a significant work-share in the project. After corporate mergers in the 1990s, Boeing and BAE Systems have jointly supported the program. Approximately 340 aircraft were produced in a 22-year production program that ended in 2003.
Typically operated from small aircraft carriers, large amphibious assault ships and simple forward operating bases, AV-8Bs have participated in numerous military and humanitarian operations, proving themselves versatile assets. U.S. Army General Norman Schwarzkopf named the USMC Harrier II as one of the seven most important weapons of the Gulf War. The aircraft took part in combat during the Iraq War beginning in 2003. The Harrier II has served in Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan since 2001, and was used in Operation Odyssey Dawn in Libya in 2011. Italian and Spanish Harrier IIs have taken part in overseas conflicts in conjunction with NATO coalitions. During its service history, the AV-8B has had a high accident rate, related to the percentage of time spent in critical take-off and landing phases. USMC and Italian Navy AV-8Bs are to be replaced by the Lockheed Martin F-35B Lightning II, with the former expected to operate its Harriers until at least 2030.
Development.
Origins.
In the late 1960s and early 1970s, the first-generation Harriers entered service with the Royal Air Force (RAF) and United States Marine Corps (USMC), but were handicapped in range and payload. In short takeoff and landing configuration, the AV-8A (the American designation for the Hawker Siddeley Harrier) carried less than half the 4,000 lb (1,800 kg) payload of the smaller A-4 Skyhawk, over a more limited radius. To address this issue, in 1973 Hawker Siddeley and McDonnell Douglas began joint development of a more capable version of the Harrier. Early efforts concentrated on an improved Pegasus engine, designated the Pegasus 15, which was being tested by Bristol Siddeley. Although more powerful, the engine's diameter was too large to fit into the Harrier easily.
In December 1973, a joint American and British team completed a project document defining an Advanced Harrier powered by the Pegasus 15 engine. The Advanced Harrier was intended to replace the original RAF and USMC Harriers, as well as the USMC's A-4. The aim of the Advanced Harrier was to double the AV-8's payload and range, and was therefore unofficially named AV-16. The British government pulled out of the project in March 1975 owing to decreased defense funding, rising costs, and the RAF's insufficient 60-aircraft requirement. With development costs estimated to be around £180–200 million (1974 British pounds), the United States was unwilling to fund development by itself, and ended the project later that year.
Despite the project's termination, the two companies continued to take different paths toward an enhanced Harrier. Hawker Siddeley focused on a new larger wing that could be retrofitted to existing operational aircraft, while McDonnell Douglas independently pursued a less ambitious, though still expensive, project catering to the needs of the US military. Using knowledge gleaned from the AV-16 effort, though dropping some items—such as the larger Rolls-Royce Pegasus engine—McDonnell Douglas kept the basic structure and engine for an aircraft tailored for the USMC.
Designing and testing.
As the USMC wanted a substantially improved Harrier without the development of a new engine, the plan for Harrier II development was authorized by the United States Department of Defense (DoD) in 1976. The United States Navy (USN), which had traditionally procured military aircraft for the USMC, insisted that the new design be verified with flight testing. McDonnell Douglas modified two AV-8As with new wings, revised intakes, redesigned exhaust nozzles, and other aerodynamic changes; the modified forward fuselage and cockpit found on all subsequent aircraft were not incorporated on these prototypes. Designated YAV-8B, the first converted aircraft flew on November 9, 1978, at the hands of Charles Plummer. The aircraft performed three vertical take-offs and hovered for seven minutes at Lambert–St. Louis International Airport. The second aircraft followed on February 19, 1979, but crashed that November due to engine flameout; the pilot ejected safely. Flight testing of these modified AV-8s continued into 1979. The results showed greater than expected drag, hampering the aircraft's maximum speed. Further refinements to the aerodynamic profile yielded little improvement. Positive test results in other areas, including payload, range, and V/STOL performance, led to the award of a development contract in 1979. The contract stipulated a procurement of 12 aircraft initially, followed by a further 324.
Between 1978 and 1980, the DoD and USN repeatedly attempted to terminate the AV-8B program. There had previously been conflict between the USMC and USN over budgetary issues. At the time, the USN wanted to procure A-18s for its ground attack force and, to cut costs, pressured the USMC to adopt the similarly-designed F-18 fighter instead of the AV-8B to fulfill the role of close air support (both designs were eventually amalgamated to create the multirole F/A-18 Hornet). Despite these bureaucratic obstacles, in 1981, the DoD included the Harrier II in its annual budget and five-year defense plan. The USN declined to participate in the procurement, citing the limited range and payload compared with conventional aircraft.
In August 1981, the program received a boost when British Aerospace (BAe) and McDonnell Douglas signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), marking the UK's re-entry into the program. The British government was enticed by the lower cost of acquiring Harriers promised by a large production run, and the fact that the US was shouldering the expense of development. Under the agreement BAe was relegated to the position of a subcontractor, instead of the full partner status that would have been the case had the UK not left the program. Consequently, the company received, in man-hours, 40 percent of the airframe work-share. Aircraft production took place at McDonnell Douglas' facilities in suburban St. Louis, Missouri, and manufacturing by BAe at its Kingston and Dunsfold facilities in Surrey, England. Meanwhile, 75 percent work-share for the engine went to Rolls-Royce, which had previously absorbed Bristol Siddeley, with the remaining 25 percent assigned to Pratt & Whitney. The two companies planned to manufacture 400 Harrier IIs, with the USMC expected to procure 336 aircraft and the RAF, 60.
Four full-scale development (FSD) aircraft were constructed. The first of these (BuNo 161396), used mainly for testing performance and handling qualities, made its maiden flight on November 5, 1981, piloted by Plummer. The second and third FSD aircraft, which introduced wing leading-edge root extensions and revised engine intakes, first flew in April the following year; the fourth followed in January 1984. The first production AV-8B was delivered to the Marine Attack Training Squadron 203 (VMAT-203) at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point (MCAS Cherry Point) on December 12, 1983, and officially handed over one month later. The last of the initial batch of 12 was delivered in January 1985 to the front-line Marine Attack Squadron 331 (VMA-331). The engine used for these aircraft was the F402-RR-404A, with 21,450 lb (95.4 kN) of thrust; aircraft from 1990 onwards received upgraded engines.
Upgrades.
During the initial pilot conversion course, it became apparent that the AV-8B exhibited flight characteristics that differed from the AV-8A. These differences, as well as the digital cockpit fitted instead of the analog cockpit of the TAV-8A, necessitated additional pilot training. In 1984, funding for eight AV-8Bs was diverted to the development of a two-seat TAV-8B trainer. The first of the 28 TAV-8Bs eventually procured had its maiden flight on 21 October 1986. This aircraft was delivered to VMAT-203 on July 24, 1987; the TAV-8B was also ordered by Italy and Spain.
With export interest from Brazil, Japan, and Italy serving as a source of encouragement to continue development of the Harrier II, McDonnell Douglas commenced work on a night-attack variant in 1985. With the addition of an infrared sensor and cockpit interface enhancements, the 87th production single-seat AV-8B became the first Harrier II to be modified for night attacks, leaving the McDonnell Douglas production line in June 1987. Flight tests proved successful and the night attack capability was validated. The first of 66 AV-8B(NA)s was delivered to the USMC in September 1989. An equivalent version of the AV-8B(NA) also served with the RAF under the designation GR7; earlier GR5 aircraft were subsequently upgraded to GR7 standards.
In June 1987, as a private venture, BAe, McDonnell Douglas, and Smiths Industries signed an MoU for the development of what was to become the AV-8B Plus, which saw the addition of radar and increased missile compatibility. The agreement was endorsed by the USMC and, after much consideration, the Spanish and Italian navies developed a joint requirement for a fleet of air-defense Harriers. The United States, Spain, and Italy signed an MoU in September 1990 to define the responsibilities of the three countries and establish a Joint Program Office to manage the program. On 30 November 1990, the USN, acting as an agent for the three participating countries, awarded McDonnell Douglas the contract to develop the improved Harrier. The award was followed by an order from the USMC in December 1990 for 30 new aircraft, and 72 rebuilt from older aircraft. The Italians ordered 16 Harrier II Plus and two twin-seat TAV-8B aircraft, while the Spaniards signed a contract for eight aircraft. Production of the AV-8B Harrier II Plus was conducted, in addition to McDonnell Douglas' plant, at CASA's facility in Seville, Spain, and Alenia Aeronautica's facility in Turin, Italy. The UK also participated in the program by manufacturing components for the AV-8B.
Production was authorized on 3 June 1992. The maiden flight of the prototype (BuNo 164129) took place on 22 September, marking the start of a successful flight-test program. The first production aircraft was delivered to St. Louis and made its initial flight on March 17, 1993. Deliveries of new aircraft took place from April 1993 – 1995. At the same time, the plan to remanufacture existing AV-8Bs to the Plus standard proceeded. On 11 March 1994, the Defense Acquisition Board approved the program, which initially involved 70 aircraft, with four converted in financial year 1994. The program aimed to use new and refurbished components to rebuild aircraft at a lower cost than manufacturing new ones. Conversion began in April 1994, and the first aircraft was delivered to the USMC in January 1996.
End of production and further improvements.
In March 1996, the US General Accounting Office (GAO) stated that it was cheaper to buy Harrier II Plus aircraft outright than to remanufacture existing AV-8Bs. The USN estimated the cost for remanufacture of each aircraft to be US$23–30 million, instead of $30 million for each new-built aircraft, while the GAO estimated the cost per new aircraft at $24 million. Nevertheless, the program continued and, in 2003, the 72nd and last AV-8B to be remanufactured for the USMC was delivered. Spain also participated in the program, the delivery of its last refurbished aircraft occurring in December 2003, which marked the end of the AV-8B's production; the final new AV-8B had been delivered in 1997.
In the 1990s, Boeing and BAE Systems assumed management of the Harrier family following corporate mergers that saw Boeing acquire McDonnell Douglas and BAe amalgamate with other defense companies to form BAE Systems. Between 1969 and 2003, 824 Harriers of all models were delivered. In 2001, "Flight International" reported that Taiwan might meet its requirement for a short take off and vertical landing (STOVL) aircraft by purchasing AV-8Bs, outfitted with the F-16 Fighting Falcon's APG-66 radar. A Taiwanese purchase would have allowed the production line to stay open beyond 2005. Despite the possibility of leasing AV-8Bs, interest in the aircraft waned as the country switched its intentions to procuring the F-35 and upgrading its fleet of F-16s.
Although there have been no new AV-8B variants, in 1990 McDonnell Douglas and British Aerospace began discussions on an interim aircraft between the AV-8B and the next generation of advanced STOVL aircraft. The Harrier III would have presented an "evolutionary approach to get the most from the existing aircraft", as many of the structures employed on the Sea Harrier and AV-8B would be used. The wing and the torsion box were to be enlarged to accommodate extra fuel and hardpoints to improve the aircraft's endurance. Due to the increase in size, the wing would have had folding wingtips. To meet the heavier weight of the aircraft, Rolls-Royce was expected to design a Pegasus engine variant that would have produced more thrust than the latest production variant at the time. The Harrier III would have carried weapons such as AIM-120 AMRAAM and AIM-132 ASRAAM missiles. Boeing and BAE Systems continued studying the design until the early 2000s, when the project was abandoned.
, the USMC was studying potential enhancements to keep the AV-8B Harrier IIs up to date until its planned retirement. Upgrades under consideration include Link 16 data links, increased compatibility with the AIM-120 AMRAAM, and integrating a helmet-mounted cueing system. It is also predicted that additional work on the aircraft's radars and sensor systems may take place. The Marines Corps Harrier II fleet is to remain in service until 2030, owing to delays with the F-35B and the fact that the Harriers have more service life left than the USMC F/A-18 Hornets.
Design.
Overview.
The AV-8B Harrier II is a subsonic attack aircraft of metal and composite construction that retains the basic layout of the Hawker Siddeley Harrier, with horizontal stabilizers and shoulder-mounted wings featuring prominent anhedral (downward slope). The aircraft is powered by a single Rolls-Royce Pegasus turbofan engine, which has two intakes and four synchronized vectorable nozzles close to its turbine. Two of these nozzles are located near the forward, cold end of the engine and two are near the rear, hot end of the engine. This arrangement contrasts with most fixed-wing aircraft, which have engine nozzles only at the rear. The Harrier II also has smaller valve-controlled nozzles in the nose, tail, and wingtips to provide control at low airspeeds.
The AV-8B is equipped with one centerline fuselage and six wing hardpoints (compared to four wing hardpoints on the original Harrier), along with two fuselage stations for a 25 mm GAU-12 cannon and ammunition pack. These hardpoints give it the ability to carry a total of of weapons, including air-to-air, air-to-surface, and anti-ship missiles, as well as unguided and guided bombs. The aircraft's internal fuel capacity is , up 50 percent compared to its predecessor. Fuel capacity can be carried in hardpoint-compatible external drop tanks, which give the aircraft a maximum ferry range of 2,100 mi (3,300 km) and a combat radius of 300 mi (556 km). The AV-8B can also receive additional fuel via aerial refueling using the probe-and-drogue system. The British Aerospace Harrier II, a variant tailored to the RAF, uses different avionics, and has one additional missile pylon on each wing.
The Harrier II retains the tandem landing gear layout of the first-generation Harriers, although each outrigger landing gear leg was moved from the wingtip to mid-span for a tighter turning radius when taxiing. The engine intakes are larger than those of the first-generation Harrier, and have a revised inlet. On the underside of the fuselage, McDonnell Douglas added lift-improvement devices, which capture the reflected engine exhaust when close to the ground, giving the equivalent of up to 1,200 lb (544 kg) of extra lift.
The technological advances incorporated into the Harrier II, compared with the original Harrier, significantly reduce the workload on the pilot. The supercritical wing, hands-on-throttle-and-stick (HOTAS) control principle, and increased engineered stability make the aircraft fundamentally easier to fly. Ed Harper, general manager for the McDonnell Douglas Harrier II development program, summarized: "The AV-8B looks a lot like the original Harrier and it uses the same operating fundamentals. It just uses them a lot better". A large cathode-ray tube multi-purpose display, taken from the F/A-18, makes up much of the instrument panel in the cockpit. It has a wide range of functions, including radar warning information and weapon delivery checklist. The pilots sit on UPC/Stencel 10B zero-zero ejection seats, meaning that they are able to eject from a stationary aircraft at zero altitude.
Airframe.
For the AV-8B, McDonnell Douglas redesigned the entire airframe of the Harrier, incorporating numerous structural and aerodynamic changes. To improve visibility and better accommodate the crew and avionics hardware, McDonnell Douglas elevated the cockpit by and redesigned the canopy. This improved the forward (17° down), side (60°), and rear visibility. The front fuselage is composed of a molded skin with an epoxy-based core sandwiched between two carbon-fiber sheets. To compensate for the changes in the front fuselage, the rear fuselage was extended by , and the taller vertical stabilizer of the Sea Harrier was used. The tail assembly is made up of composites to reduce weight.
Perhaps the most thorough redesign was of the wing, the objective being to match the performance of the cancelled AV-16 while retaining the Pegasus engine of the AV-8A. Engineers designed a new, one-piece supercritical wing, which improves cruise performance by delaying the rise in drag and increasing lift-to-drag ratio. Made of composites, the wing is thicker and has a longer span than that of the AV-8A. Compared to the AV-8A's wing, it has a higher aspect ratio, reduced sweep (from 40° to 37°), and an area increased from to . The wing has a high-lift configuration, employing flaps that deploy automatically when maneuvering, and drooped ailerons. Using the leading edge root extensions, the new wing allows for a 6,700 lb (3,035 kg) increase in payload compared with the first-generation Harriers after a 1,000 ft (300 m) takeoff roll. Because the wing is almost exclusively composite, it is lighter than the AV-8A's smaller wing.
The Harrier II was the first combat aircraft to extensively employ carbon-fiber composite materials, exploiting their light weight and high strength; they are used in the wings, rudder, flaps, nose, forward fuselage, and tail. Twenty-six percent of the aircraft's structure is made of composites, reducing its weight by 480 lb (217 kg) compared to a conventional metal structure.
Differences between versions.
Most of the first "day attack" AV-8B Harrier IIs were upgraded to Night Attack Harrier or Harrier II Plus standards, with the remainder being withdrawn from service. The AV-8B cockpit was also used for the early trialing of Direct Voice Input (DVI), which allows the pilot to use voice commands to issue instructions to the aircraft, using a system developed by Smiths Industries. The main attack avionics system in original aircraft was the nose-mounted Hughes AN/ASB-19 angle-rate bombing system. The system combined a TV imager and laser tracker to provide a highly accurate targeting capability. Defensive equipment include several AN/ALE-39 chaff-flare dispensers, an AN/ALR-67 radar warning receiver, and an AN/ALQ-126C jammer pod.
The trainer version of the AV-8B is the TAV-8B, seating two pilots in tandem. Among other changes, the forward fuselage features a 3 ft 11 in (1.19 m) extension to accommodate the second cockpit. To compensate for the slight loss of directional stability, the vertical stabilizer's area was enlarged through increases in chord (length of the stabilizer's root) and height. USMC TAV-8Bs feature the AV-8B's digital cockpit and new systems, but have only two hardpoints and are not combat capable. Initial TAV-8Bs were powered by a 21,450 lbf (95.4 kN) F402-RR-406A engine, while later examples were fitted with the 23,000 lbf (105.8 kN) F402-RR-408A. In the early 2000s, 17 TAV-8Bs were upgraded to include a night-attack capability, the F402-RR-408 engine, and software and structural changes.
Fielded in 1991, the Night Attack Harrier was the first upgrade of the AV-8B. It differed from the original aircraft in having a forward looking infrared (FLIR) camera added to the top of the nose cone, a wide Smiths Industries head-up display (HUD), provisions for night vision goggles, and a Honeywell digital moving map system. The FLIR uses thermal imaging to identify objects by their heat signatures. The variant was powered by the F402-RR-408 engine, which featured an electronic control system and was more powerful and reliable. The flare and chaff dispensers were moved, and the ram air intake was lengthened at the fin's base. Initially known as the AV-8D, the night-attack variant was designated the AV-8B(NA).
The Harrier II Plus is very similar to the Night Attack variant, with the addition of an APG-65 multi-mode pulse-Doppler radar in an extended nose, allowing it to launch advanced beyond-visual-range missiles such as the AIM-120 AMRAAM. To make additional space for the radar, the angle-rate bombing system was removed. The radars used were taken from early F/A-18 aircraft, which had been upgraded with the related APG-73. In addition to the AIM-120, the AV-8B Plus can also carry AGM-65 Maverick and AGM-84 Harpoon missiles. According to aviation author Lon Nordeen, the changes made "had a slight increase in drag and a bit of additional weight, but there really was not much difference in performance between the [–408-powered] Night Attack and radar Harrier II Plus aircraft".
Operational history.
United States Marine Corps.
The AV-8B underwent standard evaluations to prepare for its USMC service. In the operational evaluation (OPEVAL), lasting from 31 August 1984 – 30 March 1985, four pilots and a group of maintenance and support personnel tested the aircraft under combat conditions. The aircraft was graded for its ability to meet its mission requirements for navigating, acquiring targets, delivering weapons, and evading and surviving enemy actions, all at the specified range and payload limits. The first phase of OPEVAL, running until 1 February 1985, required the AV-8B to fly both deep and close air support missions (deep air support missions do not require coordination with friendly ground forces) in concert with other close-support aircraft, as well as flying battlefield interdiction and armed reconnaissance missions. The aircraft flew from military installations at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton and Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake in California, Canadian Forces Base Cold Lake in Canada, and MCAS Yuma in Arizona.
The second phase of OPEVAL, which took place at MCAS Yuma from 25 February-8 March, required the AV-8B to perform fighter escort, combat air patrol, and deck-launched intercept missions. Although the evaluation identified shortfalls in the design (subsequently rectified), OPEVAL was deemed successful. The AV-8B Harrier II reached initial operating capability (IOC) in January 1985 with USMC squadron VMA-331.
The AV-8B saw extensive action in the Gulf War of 1990–91. Aircraft based on and , and at on-shore bases, initially flew training and support sorties, as well as practicing with coalition forces. The AV-8Bs were to be held in reserve during the initial phase of the preparatory air assault of Operation Desert Storm. The AV-8B was first used in the war on the morning of 17 January 1991, when a call for air support from an OV-10 Bronco forward air controller against Iraqi artillery that was shelling Khafji and an adjacent oil refinery, brought the AV-8B into combat. The following day, USMC AV-8Bs attacked Iraqi positions in southern Kuwait. Throughout the war, AV-8Bs performed armed reconnaissance and worked in concert with coalition forces to destroy targets.
During Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm, 86 AV-8Bs amassed 3,380 flights and about 4,100 flight hours, with a mission availability rate of over 90 percent. Five AV-8Bs were lost to enemy surface-to-air missiles, and two USMC pilots were killed. The AV-8B had an attrition rate of 1.5 aircraft for every 1,000 sorties flown. US Army General Norman Schwarzkopf later named the AV-8B among the seven weapons—along with the F-117 Nighthawk and AH-64 Apache—that played a crucial role during the war. In the aftermath of the war, from 27 August 1992, until 2003, USMC AV-8Bs and other aircraft patrolled Iraqi skies in support of Operation Southern Watch. The AV-8Bs launched from amphibious assault ships in the Persian Gulf, and from forward operating bases such as Ali Al Salem Air Base, Kuwait.
In 1999, the AV-8B participated in NATO's bombing of Yugoslavia during Operation Allied Force. Twelve Harriers were split evenly between the 24th and 26th Marine Expeditionary Units (MEU). AV-8Bs of the 24th MEU were introduced into combat on 14 April, and over the next 14 days flew 34 combat air support missions over Kosovo. During their six-month deployment aboard USS "Nassau", 24th MEU Harriers averaged a high mission-capable rate of 91.8 percent. On 28 April, the 24th MEU was relieved by the 26th MEU, based on . The first combat sorties of the unit's AV-8Bs occurred two days later, one aircraft being lost. The 26th MEU remained in the theater of operations until 28 May, when it was relocated to Brindisi, Italy.
USMC Harrier IIs took part in Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan from 2001. The USMC 15th MEU arrived off the coast of Pakistan in October 2001. Operating from the unit's ships, four AV-8Bs began attack missions into Afghanistan on 3 November 2001. The 26th MEU and its AV-8Bs joined 15th MEU later that month. In December 2001, Harrier IIs began moving into Afghanistan to a forward base at Kandahar. More AV-8Bs were deployed with other USMC units to the region in 2002. The VMA-513 squadron deployed six Night Attack Harrier IIs to Bagram in October 2002. These aircraft each carried a LITENING targeting pod to perform reconnaissance missions along with attack and other missions, primarily at night.
The aircraft participated in Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2003, acting primarily in support of USMC ground units. During the initial action, 60 AV-8Bs were deployed on ships such as the and , from which over 1,000 sorties were flown throughout the war. When possible, land-based forward arming and refuelling points were set up to enable prompt operations. USMC commander Lieutenant General Earl B. Hailston said that the Harriers were able to provide 24-hour support for ground forces, and noted that "The airplane ... became the envy of pilots even from my background ... there's an awful lot of things on the Harrier that I've found the Hornet pilots asking me  ... We couldn't have asked for a better record". 
USMC sources documented the Harrier as holding an 85 percent aircraft availability record in the Iraq War; in just under a month of combat, the aircraft flew over 2,000 sorties. When used, the LITENING II targeting pod achieved greater than 75 percent kill effectiveness on targets. In a single sortie from USS "Bonhomme Richard", a wave of Harriers inflicted heavy damage on a Republican Guard tank battalion in advance of a major ground assault on Al Kut. Harriers regularly operated in close support roles for friendly tanks, one of the aircraft generally carrying a LITENING pod. Despite the Harrier's high marks, the limited amount of time that each aircraft could remain on station, around 15–20 minutes, led to some calls from within the USMC for the procurement of AC-130 gunships, which could loiter for six hours and had a heavier close air support capability than the AV-8B. AV-8Bs were later used in combination with artillery to provide constant fire support for ground forces during heavy fighting in 2004 around the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah. The urban environment there required extreme precision for airstrikes.
On 20 March 2011, USMC AV-8Bs were launched from USS "Kearsarge" in support of Operation Odyssey Dawn, enforcing the UN no-fly zone over Libya. They carried out airstrikes on Sirte on April 5, 2011. Multiple AV-8Bs were involved in the defense of a downed F-15E pilot, attacking approaching Libyans prior to the pilot's extraction by a MV-22 Osprey.
In addition to major conflicts, USMC AV-8Bs have been deployed in support of contingency and humanitarian operations, providing fixed-wing air cover and armed reconnaissance. The aircraft served in Somalia throughout the 1990s, Liberia (1990, 1996, and 2003), Rwanda (1994), Central African Republic (1996), Albania (1997), Zaire (1997), and Sierra Leone (1997).
During its service with the USMC, the Harrier has had an accident rate three times that of the Corps' F/A-18s. The AV-8 was dubbed a "widow maker" by some in the military. The "Los Angeles Times" reported in 2003 that the Harrier family had the highest rate of major accidents among military aircraft in service then, with 148 accidents and 45 people killed. Lon Nordeen notes that several other USMC single-engine strike aircraft, like the A-4 Skyhawk and A-7 Corsair II, had worse accident rates. The Harrier's high accident rate is largely due to the higher percentage of time it spends taking off and landing, which are the most critical times in flight.
The AV-8B is to be replaced by the F-35B version of the Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II, which had been slated to enter service in 2012. The USMC had sought a replacement since the 1980s, and has argued strongly in favor of the development of the F-35B. The Harrier's performance in Iraq, including its ability to use forward operating bases, reinforced the need for a V/STOL aircraft in the USMC arsenal. In November 2011, the USN purchased the UK's fleet of 72 retired BAe Harrier IIs (63 single-seat GR.7/9/9As plus 9 twin-seat T.12/12As) and replacement engines to provide spares for the existing USMC Harrier II fleet. Although the March 2012 issue of the magazine "AirForces Monthly" stated that the USMC intended to fly some of the ex-British Harrier IIs, instead of using them just for spare parts, the Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) has since stated that the USMC has never had any plans to operate those Harriers.
On 14 September 2012, a Taliban raid destroyed six AV-8Bs and severely damaged two others while they were parked on the tarmac at Camp Bastion in Afghanistan's Helmand Province. All of the aircraft belonged to VMA-211. The two damaged Harrier IIs were flown out of Afghanistan in the hours after the attack. The attack was described as "the worst loss of U.S. airpower in a single incident since the Vietnam War." The lost aircraft were quickly replaced by those from VMA-231.
Italian Navy.
In the late 1960s, following a demonstration of the Hawker Siddeley Harrier on the Italian Navy ("Marina Militare") helicopter carrier "Andrea Doria", the country began investigating the possibility of acquiring the Harrier. Early efforts were hindered by a 1937 Italian law that prohibited the navy from operating fixed-wing aircraft because they were the domain of the air force. In early 1989, the law was changed to allow the navy to operate any fixed-wing aircraft with a maximum weight of over 3,300 lb (1,500 kg). Following a lengthy evaluation of the Sea Harrier and AV-8B, an order was placed for two TAV-8Bs in May 1989. Soon, a contract for a further 16 AV-8B Plus aircraft was signed. After the TAV-8Bs and the first three AV-8Bs, all subsequent Italian Navy Harriers were locally assembled by Alenia Aeronautica from kits delivered from the US. The two-seaters, the first to be delivered, arrived at Grottaglie in August 1991. They were used for proving flights with the navy's helicopter carriers and on the light aircraft carrier .
In early 1994, the initial batch of US-built aircraft arrived at MCAS Cherry Point for pilot conversion training. The first Italian-assembled Harrier was rolled out the following year. In mid-January 1995, "Giuseppe Garibaldi" set off from Taranto to Somalia, with three Harriers on board, to maintain stability following the withdrawal of UN forces. The Harriers, flown by five Italian pilots, accumulated more than 100 flight hours and achieved 100 percent availability during the three-month deployment, performing reconnaissance and other missions. The squadron returned to port on 22 March.
In 1999, Italian AV-8Bs were used for the first time in combat missions when they were deployed aboard "Giuseppe Garibaldi", which was participating in Operation Allied Force in Kosovo. Italian pilots conducted more than 60 sorties alongside other NATO aircraft, attacking the Yugoslav army and paramilitary forces and bombing the country's infrastructure with conventional and laser-guided bombs (LGB).
In 2000, the Italian Navy was looking to acquire a further seven remanufactured aircraft to equip "Giuseppe Garibaldi" and a new carrier, . Existing aircraft, meanwhile, were updated to allow them to carry AIM-120 AMRAAMs and JDAM guided bombs. From November 2001-March 2002, eight AV-8Bs were embarked aboard "Giuseppe Garibaldi" and were deployed to the Indian Ocean in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. The aircraft, equipped with LGBs, operated throughout January and February 2002, during which 131 missions were logged for a total of 647 flight hours.
In 2011, Italian Harriers, operating from "Giuseppe Garibaldi", worked alongside Italian Eurofighters and aircraft of other nations during Operation Unified Protector, as part of the 2011 military intervention in Libya. They conducted airstrikes as well as intelligence and reconnaissance sorties over Libya, using the LITENING targeting pods while armed with AIM-120 AMRAAMs and AIM-9 Sidewinders. In total, Italian military aircraft delivered 710 guided bombs and missiles during sorties: Italian Air Force Tornados and AMX fighter bombers delivered 550 bombs and missiles, while the eight Italian Navy AV-8Bs flying from "Giuseppe Garibaldi" dropped 160 guided bombs during 1,221 flight hours.
Italian Navy AV-8Bs are slated to be replaced by 15 (originally 22) F-35Bs, which will form the air wing of "Cavour".
Spanish Navy.
Spain, already using the AV-8S Matador, became the first international operator of the AV-8B by signing an order for 12 aircraft in March 1983. Designated VA-2 Matador II by the Spanish Navy ("Armada Española"), this variant is known as EAV-8B by McDonnell Douglas. Pilot conversion took place in the US. On October 6, 1987, the first three Matador IIs were delivered to Naval Station Rota. The new aircraft were painted in a two-tone matt grey finish, similar to US Navy aircraft, and deliveries were complete by 1988.
BAe test pilots cleared the aircraft carrier ' for Harrier operations in July 1989. The carrier, which replaced the World War II-era , has a 12° ski-jump ramp. It was originally planned that the first unit to operate the aircraft would be the "8a Escuadrilla". This unit was disbanded on 24 October 1986, following the sales of AV-8S Matadors to Thailand. Instead, "9a Escuadrilla" was formed on 29 September 1987, to become part of the Alpha Carrier Air Group and operate the EAV-8B.
In March 1993, under the September 1990 Tripartite MoU between the US, Italy, and Spain, eight EAV-8B Plus Matadors were ordered, along with a twin-seat TAV-8B. Deliveries of the Plus-standard aircraft started in 1996. On May 11, 2000, Boeing and the NAVAIR finalized a contract to remanufacture Spanish EAV-8Bs to bring them up to Plus standard. Boeing said the deal required it to remanufacture two EAV-8Bs, with an option for another seven aircraft; other sources say the total was 11 aircraft. The remanufacture allowed the aircraft to carry four AIM-120 AMRAAMs, enhanced the pilot's situational awareness through the installation of new radar and avionics, and provided a new engine. Eventually, five aircraft were modified, the last having been delivered on December 5, 2003.
Spanish EAV-8Bs joined Operation Deny Flight, enforcing the UN's no-fly zone over Bosnia and Herzegovina. Spain did not send its aircraft carrier to participate in the Iraq War in 2003, instead deploying F/A-18s and other aircraft to Turkey to defend that country against potential Iraqi attacks. In 2007, Spain conducted a contractual study into a replacement for the Harrier II, the likely option being the F-35B. According to a Lockheed Martin vice-president, Spain was still evaluating the F-35B as of 2010.
Following the decommissioning of the "Príncipe de Asturias" in February 2013, the sole naval platform from which Spanish Harrier IIs can operate is the "Juan Carlos" amphibious assault ship.
Incidents and accidents.
Throughout its operational history, the AV-8B has gained a reputation as a "widow maker" with its operators, mainly the USMC, because of the number of accidents in which the AV-8B has been involved. Accidents have in particular been connected to the amount of time the aircraft spends taking off and landing, which are the most critical phases in flight. , approximately 110 aircraft have been damaged beyond repair since the type entered service in 1985, the first accident having occurred in March that year.
Popular culture.
As part of its 1996 Pepsi Stuff marketing campaign, Pepsi ran an advertisement promising a Harrier jet to anyone who collected 7,000,000 Pepsi Points, a gag that backfired when a participant attempted to take advantage of the ability to buy additional points for 10 cents each to claim a jet for US$700,000. When Pepsi turned him down, a lawsuit ensued, in which the judge ruled that any reasonable person would conclude that the advertisement was a joke.

</doc>
<doc id="18940575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940575" title="Ronan Sheehan">
Ronan Sheehan

Ronan Sheehan (born 1953) is an Irish novelist, short story writer and essayist. He was an early member of the Irish Writers' Co-operative (founded in 1974 by Fred Johnston, Neil Jordan and Peter Sheridan) and its Secretary from 1975 to 1983. He received the Rooney Prize for Irish Literature in 1984. Until 2005 he was a practising lawyer in Dublin, specialising in copyright law. He was the General Editor of the Catullus Project to translate works by Catullus into English and Irish.
Sheehan was educated at Gonzaga College, and University College Dublin, and the Incorporated Law Society.
Neil Jordan, the Irish filmmaker, called his "Foley's Asia", "A meditation on arms, oppression and empire, a unique insight into [the Irish and Indian colonial experience".

</doc>
<doc id="18940581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940581" title="AMMO (U.S. Air Force)">
AMMO (U.S. Air Force)

The Munitions Systems Specialist career field (AFSC 2W0X1, previously 461X0), commonly referred to as AMMO, is the munitions branch of the U.S. Air Force.
Career Field Description.
AMMO is responsible for maintaining the US Air Force's entire munitions stockpile. Various duties include shipping and receiving, building, testing, operating, protecting, inspecting, storing and performing maintenance on all types of conventional munition systems. AMMO personnel also operate and maintain a wide variety of equipment and electronic gear, from pallet jacks to tractor-trailer combination vehicles, all-terrain 10,000 pound forklifts, all the way up to 50,000 pound forklifts, and from small arms ammunition for rifles and pistols to large-scale guided bombs, to include AGM-65 guidance testing units and computer databases. 
Upon graduation from Air Force Basic Military Training at Lackland Air Force Base, San Antonio, Texas, Airmen assigned to the field attend an 8-week tech school at Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas. Upon graduation from tech school, the new AMMO apprentice is sent to their assigned duty station.
Ammo Isolation and Culture.
Due to safety concerns with the possibility of explosives accidentally cooking off and damaging a large portion of a base, the Munitions Storage Area (or "Bomb Dump" as it is commonly called) is usually isolated or barricaded from the rest of base. At some bases, such as RAF Welford in United Kingdom, the ride to work can take as long as fifty minutes. Isolation from the main base breeds a culture within the Munitions section where the troops go out of their way to take care of their own.
The official motto of the Ammo career field as learned by Ammo troops on the first day of technical training is "If you ain't Ammo, you ain't shit". Often seen abbreviated as I.Y.A.A.Y.A.S. Weapons troop added a corollary to this motto: "if you are Ammo, you are shit". In recent months, however, directives to Ammo Chiefs from Air Force leadership have instructed that "AMMO Calls" will no longer be tolerated at official functions (ALS/NCOA graduations, Awards Banquets, etc.), determining that to allow such rowdiness to occur in public will offend the delicate sensibilities of the remainder of the base populace. Most AMMO chiefs appear to disagree with this directive, but follow it begrudgingly because it is a directive from the powers that be.
The Ammo career field has a very close family mentality. Ammo troops are expected to treat each other as brothers and sisters. They are expected to take care of each other and each other's families in times of need, especially true of the families of troops who are deployed. This also applies to former Ammo troops. Ammo troops are often known to be a rowdy but good-natured crowd with a reputation for drinking. As part of the family mentality and the reputation for drinking, Ammo troops are always expected to make sure other troops make it home safely no matter what hour the call should come, whether they personally provide a ride or arrange for a ride, all Ammo troops are generally held responsible for each other in this matter.
Ammo Challenge coins.
Ammo challenge coins come in many shapes and sizes. Normally they are a large metal coin with Ammo related graphics and phrases either printed or stamped on both sides
Once a person becomes an AMMO troop they are considered an AMMO troop for life. It is expected of them to carry an Ammo coin (Also referred to as an "Ammo challenge coin") on their person at all times, on duty and off duty, for the rest of their life. Should any Ammo troop be asked to present their Ammo coin (Known as getting coin checked) at any time by another Ammo troop and they fail to present it, it is expected that the Ammo troop who does not present their coin buys a beverage of choice (normally beer) for the Ammo troop(s) who coin checked them. However if the Ammo troop(s) being coin checked has their coin, the troop(s) who initiated the coin check is expected to buy the Ammo troop(s) that were checked a beverage of choice.
In order to coin check an Ammo troop, the person who initiates the coin check must have an Ammo coin and strike it on an object, normally a table or a bar or even purposely throw it on the ground to initiate the coin check. However if a person inadvertently drops their Ammo coin and fails to catch it before it strikes a surface, they will be considered to be initiating a coin check, and any Ammo troop present will be expected to produce their Ammo coin to Challenge the inadvertent coin check, in which case the troop dropping their coin and any troop not able to present their coin, will be expected to buy the troops who successfully present their coin a beverage of choice. Coin checks can not be performed during duty time.
Specific Jobs.
Currently AMMO has at least nine distinct working areas within the AFSC. While under the current Air Force force structure Munitions personnel only are considered AMMO, the concept of AMMO was much more inclusive throughout the Viet Nam War era including all former 46XX0 career fields, normally under the Munitions Maintenance Squadron (MMS) heading. 461x0 Munitions Maintenance (commonly called BB Stackers), 462x0 Weapons Maintenance (commonly called Loaders or Load Toads), 463x0 Nuclear Weapons Specialist (commonly called Nuke Pukes) and 464x0 Explosive Ordnance Disposal all shared a common heritage and were consolidated under one organization. They worked together, lived in common dormitories, fought together and partied together until the 1980s when the divisive CMU concept was implemented and MMS personnel were farmed out to EMS (Equipment Maintenance Squadron), AGS (Aircraft Generation Squadron) and even Supply Squadron. Now Munitions personnel were ignobly assigned with such diverse and unrelated occupations as Wheel & Tire Maintenance, Aerospace Ground Equipment, Corrosion Control, and Phase Docks often losing the commonality of experience and pride previously achieved under the MMS concept.
Equipment Maintenance.
'TM' or 'Maintenance' (previously called Trailer Maintenance), is the hub of all maintenance for the job-specific trailer equipment that is unique to AMMO. Maintenance and Inspections are performed on Munitions Material Handling Equipment (MMHE) such as the MHU-141, MHU-110, LALS, UALS, and the newer MHU-226 trailers. This shop is also known as the Punishment shop. It is usually where all the "dirtbags" are sent after getting DUIs.
Precision Guided Munitions.
'Missile Shop' or 'PGM' (Precision Guided Munitions) is responsible for the testing and maintenance of all conventional air-to-air and air-to-ground munitions used on aircraft. In some cases PGM will take responsibility for guided air-to-ground bombs as well.
Line Delivery.
'Line-D' drivers are dispatched by Munitions Control and are responsible for the safe and expedient handling and delivery of munitions from the bomb dump, or other storage locations, to aircraft. Drivers are held responsible for the accounting of their equipment and munitions movements via daily reconciliation, or "recon", which is an accounting of all these movements that is verified three ways between the flightline, Munitions Control, the Line-D driver, with a zero percent discrepancy tolerance.
Conventional Maintenance.
'Conventional' is responsible for the construction, maintenance, and testing of all conventional air-to-ground munitions used on aircraft, ranging from chaff and flares to cannon ammunition and guided and unguided bombs. There is a joke among AMMO troops regarding guided vs. unguided bombs. "The Air Force is an equal opportunity employer. Being that we employ smart bombs, dumb bombs as well as retarded bombs."
the rest are pussys
Munitions Control.
'Control' can be thought of as the nerve center of the bomb dump. Control tracks work crews, coordinates requirements, acts as a liaison for outside agencies, develops war plans, provides oversight for safety and security, and ensures the daily reconciliation of all munitions and related equipment against established inventories. A good control will always know where any assets are.
Storage and Handling.
'Storage' is responsible for storing and breaking out munitions required by Conventional Maintenance and Munitions Inspection, and is also responsible for the maintenance of the munitions storage facilities, usually called "igloos", "magazines", or revetments ("revvies"). Storage is also used to transport munitions over public right-of-ways to transfer munitions between different storage or shipping and receiving locations. Storage troops operate the majority of the heavier equipment found in the bomb dump, including "18 wheelers", heavy-rated forklifts, and cranes.
Munitions Inspection.
All munitions items at various times need to be inspected for safety and compliance with technical instructions. Specially trained NCOs and Airmen known as Munitions Inspectors accomplish this sometimes tedious task. Inspectors attend Inspector School, which lasts approximately 3 weeks and is usually conducted at the AMMO Schoolhouse located at Sheppard AFB, Texas. However, due to cost restraints, the two major commands of PACAF and USAFE have developed their own schools, allowing the school house the ability to come to the students. Inspectors are required to be appointed in writing by the Munitions Flight Chief after an interview process and a few months of tedious on-the-job training.
Munitions Accountability.
'AFK' is responsible for the accountability and logistics for the entire munitions stockpile. They are the core of Ammo. Those who worked in this area used to be classified under the 645X0A Supply career field, In 1986 the career field changed to a maintenance career field 465X0 rather than the 461X0 Maintenance career field the rest of AMMO was under. Personnel attended technical school at Lowry AFB, Colorado and arrived at their first base to find themselves standing part-way between the Base Supply world and the world of AMMO. In the early days before automation all Air Force logistics accounts were designated by a three position prefix i.e. AFB (Supplies), AFE (Equipment), AFK (Munitions). Thus this office became known as 'AFK'. With the introduction of automation the 'A' was dropped and the munitions account was identified as 'FK' as used in the automated Standard Base Supply System (SBSS) but the old name 'AFK' still remained. When 645X0A left the Supply career field and became its own career field 465X0, the accountability for munitions needed to be separated from SBSS. The account code was changed to "FV" to reflect accountability under a new, AMMO-specific system: the Combat Ammunition System, or "CAS." This new acronym never really caught on as a nickname the way AFK did and as the new 2W0X1 career field became homogenized, the shop became officially known as either "Accountability" or "Munitions Ops", though it is still referred to as "AFK" by most Ammo troops.
Other specialized shops.
Some shops only exist at one base, or a limited number of bases, and other shops are often combined, depending on the mission of the given base. Examples of such shops are as follows:
TARRP - "Tactical Airmunition Rapid Response Package." 18 MUNS, Kadena AB, Japan and 86 MUNS, Ramstein AB, Germany, implements TARRP. This shop is responsible for keeping bombs and missiles loaded on aircraft pallets ready to be deployed at a moment's notice. The TARRP arsenal consists of munitions including, but not limited to, MK82s, MK84s, BLU109s, AGM-65s, AIM-9s, and AIM-120s.
STAMP - "Standard Air Munitions Package." 649 MUNS, Hill AFB, Utah implements STAMP. Similar to TARRP with the exception that the bombs and missiles are not already loaded onto aircraft pallets.
ISO Maintenance/Fabrication - 18 MUNS, Kadena AB, Japan, repairs ISOs and maintains PACAF's largest AMMO blocking and bracing lumber stockpile. Fabrication personnel, along with their Okinawan counterparts, repair ISOs and construct blocking and bracing for various ISO outloads. They also build wooden furniture for the "bomb-dump" and maintain 18 MUNS haunted house, known as "the haunted castle".
At other bases, Line-D and TM, Conventional and PGM, and even Control and AFK are combined into one shop, and other munitions organizations include nuclear weapons handling and storage.
Shakey the Pig.
Shakey the Pig is the mascot of the 36th Air Base Wing's Munitions Squadron. Just within the gate of the bomb dump of Andersen AFB, a pig poke contains a living, wild pig that has become the bomb dump's "official" pet. Shakey has a "pig house" in the shape of a munitions igloo, a small pond, and a porcine play pen. Shakey has gone through numerous "upgrades"- as one pig dies, another wild piglet is caught in the wilds of the bomb dump's jungle and adopted as the next "Shakey". As late as December, 1994, the 36th MUNS was on version "Shakey the 5th", in November, 2006, the bomb dump at Andersen AFB was on version "Shakey the 8th", and as of November, 2009, the 36th MUNS was on "Shakey the 12th". Shakey was also known for his spuratic erections where he would display sounds of urgency when around female ammo troops. Shakey is considered a dear pet by the AMMO troops of the 36th MUNS, and visitors always stand in invitation to visit and feed him, despite the fact that Shakey is penned within a "Controlled Area". Shakey is well cared for by his fellow AMMO troops, and given medical and dental care by the base vet as needed. His diet is now closely regulated and he is taken care of by AMMO troops. He also has a Papaya tree growing in his pen.
Shakey appears to be the only living, sanctioned (unit funds pay for food and health care) mascot of any current unit in the U.S. Air Force.
An article on Shakey in Airman Magazine, an official publication of the U. S. Air Force, can be read here:
Duty Stations.
Active Duty, Reserve, and Air National Guard AMMO personnel can be assigned any of a large number of military bases. Air Force bases that host non-combat aircraft or no aircraft such as Randolph AFB, TX and Vance AFB, OK have their Ammo mission accomplished by Air Force civil service personnel who are primarily made up of retired or prior service AMMO troops. Some past and present AMMO bases include:

</doc>
<doc id="18940583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940583" title="Alexandria, Virginia">
Alexandria, Virginia

Alexandria (formerly Belhaven and Hunting Creek Warehouse) is an independent city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 139,966, in 2013, the population was estimated to be 151,218. Located along the Western bank of the Potomac River, Alexandria is approximately six miles (9.6 kilometers) south of downtown Washington, D.C.
Like the rest of Northern Virginia, as well as central Maryland, modern Alexandria has been shaped by its proximity to the nation's capital. It is largely populated by professionals working in the federal civil service, in the U.S. military, or for one of the many private companies which contract to provide services to the federal government. One of Alexandria's largest employers is the U.S. Department of Defense. Others include the Institute for Defense Analyses and the Center for Naval Analyses. In 2005, the United States Patent and Trademark Office moved to Alexandria.
The historic center of Alexandria is known as "Old Town". With its concentration of boutiques, restaurants, antique shops and theaters, it is a major draw for tourists. Like Old Town, many Alexandria neighborhoods are compact, walkable, high-income suburbs of Washington, D.C. It is the seventh largest and highest income independent city in Virginia.
A portion of adjacent Fairfax County, Virginia is named Alexandria, but is under the jurisdiction of Fairfax County and separate from the city; the city is sometimes referred to as the City of Alexandria or Alexandria City to avoid confusion. In 1920, Virginia's General Assembly voted to incorporate what had been Alexandria County as Arlington County, Virginia to minimize confusion.
History.
The first European settlement was established in 1695 in what was then the English Colony of Virginia. Virginia's comprehensive Tobacco Inspection Law of 1730 mandated that all tobacco grown in the colony must be brought to locally designated public warehouses for inspection before sale: one of the sites designated for a warehouse on the upper Potomac River was at the mouth of Hunting Creek. However, the ground being unsuitable at that location, the warehouse was established a half-mile up river, where the water ran deep near the shore.
Following the 1745 settlement of the colony's 10-year long dispute with Lord Fairfax over the western boundary of the Northern Neck Proprietary—the Privy Council in London finding in favor of Lord Fairfax's expanded claim—some of the gentry class of Fairfax County banded together to form the Ohio Company of Virginia. Their intent was to establish trade into the interior of America and for this they required an "entrepot" close to the head of navigation on the Potomac. The Hunting Creek tobacco warehouse offered the best location for a trading port which could accommodate sailing ships. However, many of the local tobacco planters wanted a new town to be sited up Hunting Creek, away from the "played out" tobacco fields along the river.
Around 1746, Captain Philip Alexander II (1704–1753) moved to what is south of present Duke Street in Alexandria. His estate, which consisted of , was bounded by Hunting Creek, Hooff’s Run, the Potomac River, and approximately the line which would become Cameron Street. At the opening of Virginia's 1748–49 legislative session, there was a petition submitted in the House of Burgesses on November 1, 1748, that the ""inhabitants of Fairfax (Co.) praying that a town may be established at Hunting Creek Warehouse on Potowmack River,"" as Hugh West was the owner of the warehouse. The petition was introduced by Lawrence Washington (1718-1752), the representative for Fairfax County and, more importantly, the son-in-law of William Fairfax and a founding member of the Ohio Company. To support the Company's push for a town on the river, Lawrence's younger brother George Washington, an aspiring surveyor, made a sketch of the shoreline touting the advantages of the tobacco warehouse site.
Since the river site was amidst his estate, Philip opposed the idea and strongly favored a site at the head of Hunting Creek (also known as Great Hunting Creek). It has been said that in order to avoid a predicament the petitioners offered to name the new town "Alexandria", in honor of Philip’s family. As a result, Philip and his cousin Captain John Alexander (1711–1763) gave land to assist in the development of Alexandria, and are thus listed as the founders. This John was the son of Robert Alexander II (1688–1735). On May 2, 1749, the House of Burgesses approved the river location and ordered "Mr. Washington do go up with a Message to the Council and acquaint them that this House have agreed to the Amendments titled An Act for erecting a Town at Hunting Creek Warehouse, in the County of Fairfax." A "Public Vendue" (auction) was advertised for July, and the county surveyor laid out street lanes and town lots. The auction was conducted on July 13–14, 1749. Almost immediately upon establishment, the town founders called the new town "Belhaven", believed to be in honor of a Scottish patriot, John Hamilton, 2nd Lord Belhaven and Stenton, the Northern Neck tobacco trade being then dominated by Scots. The name Belhaven was used in official lotteries to raise money for a Church and Market House, but it was never approved by the legislature and fell out of favor in the mid-1750s. The town of Alexandria did not become incorporated until 1779.
In 1755, General Edward Braddock organized his fatal expedition against Fort Duquesne at Carlyle House in Alexandria. In April 1755, the governors of Virginia, and the Provinces of Maryland, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, and New York met to determine upon concerted action against the French in America.
In March 1785, commissioners from Virginia and Maryland met in Alexandria to discuss the commercial relations of the two states, finishing their business at Mount Vernon. The Mount Vernon Conference concluded on March 28 with an agreement for freedom of trade and freedom of navigation of the Potomac River. The Maryland legislature, in ratifying this agreement on November 22, proposed a conference among representatives from all the states to consider the adoption of definite commercial regulations. This led to the calling of the Annapolis Convention of 1786, which in turn led to the calling of the Federal Convention of 1787.
In 1791, Alexandria was included in the area chosen by George Washington to become the District of Columbia. A portion of the City of Alexandria---known as "Old Town"--- and all of today's Arlington County share the distinction of having been originally in Virginia, ceded to the U.S. Government to form the District of Columbia, and later retroceded to Virginia by the federal government in 1846, when the District was reduced in size to exclude the portion south of the Potomac River. The City of Alexandria was re-chartered in 1852.
In 1814, during the War of 1812, a British fleet launched a successful Raid on Alexandria, which surrendered without a fight. As agreed in the terms of surrender the British looted stores and warehouses of mainly flour, tobacco, cotton, wine, and sugar.
From 1828 to 1836, Alexandria was home to the Franklin & Armfield Slave Market, one of the largest slave trading companies in the country. By the 1830s, they were sending more than 1,000 slaves annually from Alexandria to their Natchez, Mississippi, and New Orleans markets to help meet the demand for slaves in Mississippi and surrounding states. Later owned by Price, Birch & Co., the slave pen became a jail under Union occupation.
Return to Virginia.
Over time, a movement grew to separate Alexandria from the District of Columbia. As competition grew with the port of Georgetown and the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal fostered development on the north side of the Potomac River, the city's economy stagnated. In addition, many in Alexandria hoped to benefit from land sales and increased business from the federal government, which had no need for the land south of the river at the time. Also, its residents had lost representation and the right to vote at any level of government.
Alexandria was also an important port and market in the slave trade, and there were increasing talk of the abolition of slavery in the national capital. Alexandria's economy would suffer greatly if slavery were outlawed. At the same time, there was an active abolition movement in Virginia, and the state's General Assembly was divided on the issue. Alexandria and Alexandria County would provide two new pro-slavery representatives.
After a referendum, voters petitioned Congress and Virginia to return the area to Virginia. Congress retroceded the area to Virginia on July 9, 1846.
Ultimately, the City of Alexandria became independent of Alexandria County in 1870. The remaining portion of Alexandria County changed its name to Arlington County in 1920.
American Civil War.
The first fatalities of the North and South in the American Civil War occurred in Alexandria. Within a month of the Battle of Fort Sumter, where two died, Union troops occupied Alexandria, landing troops at the base of King Street on the Potomac River on May 24, 1861. A few blocks up King Street from their landing site, the commander of the New York Fire Zouaves, Colonel Elmer E. Ellsworth, sortied with a small detachment to retrieve a large Confederate flag displayed on the roof of the Marshall House Inn that had been visible from the White House. While descending from the roof, Ellsworth was killed by Captain James W. Jackson, the hotel proprietor. One of the soldiers in Ellsworth's party shot Jackson immediately thereafter.
Colonel Ellsworth was from Illinois and was a frequent visitor to the White House, where his death was much lamented. After Ellsworth's death, he was publicized as a Union martyr. The incident generated great excitement in the North. Jackson's death caused a lesser, but similar sensation in the South.
Alexandria remained under military occupation until the end of the Civil War. One of the ring of forts built during the war by the Union army for the defense of Washington, D.C., Fort Ward, is located within the boundaries of modern Alexandria. After the establishment of the state of West Virginia in 1863 and until the close of the war, Alexandria was the seat of the Restored Government of Virginia also known as the "Alexandria Government."
During the Union occupation, a recurring point of contention between the Alexandria citizenry and the military occupiers was the military’s periodic insistence that church services include prayers for the President of the United States. Because the Episcopal Church used a written prayer book service that made distinct mention of both the executive and the legislative departments of the government, Episcopal clergy were exposed to particular embarrassment whenever any part of the territory of the Confederate States was occupied by Union forces.
Alexandria's St. Paul's Episcopal Church was the site of an early and particularly notorious incident. The interim minister at St. Paul's Church, the Rev. Dr. K. J. Stewart, was arrested in the sanctuary on February 9, 1862, by Union troops who had attended with the stated purpose of provoking an incident. During the Litany, Dr. Stewart was ordered by an attending Union officer to say the Prayer for the President of the United States that Dr. Stewart had omitted without saying any other prayer in its place. Dr. Stewart proceeded without paying any attention to the interruption; but a captain and six of his soldiers, who were present in the congregation with intent to provoke an incident, drew their swords and pistols, strode into the chancel, seized the clergyman while he was still kneeling, held pistols to his head, and forced him out of the church, and through the streets, just as he was, in his surplice and stole, and committed him to the guard-house of the 8th Illinois Cavalry. Dr. Stewart was soon released, but was not allowed to continue to officiate at services.
The day after the Alexandria Gazette reported the incident in detail, its offices were set afire. The St. Paul's sanctuary was thereafter closed for the duration of the war and its vestry records also were destroyed by a fire. For the duration of the war, the St. Paul's sanctuary was used by the Union army as a hospital for the wounded.
Buildings at Virginia Theological Seminary and at Episcopal High School also served as hospitals for union troops. Bullets, belt clips, and other artifacts from the Civil War have been found in those areas well into the 20th century. Christ Church, because of its association with George Washington, was not closed, but came under the control of army chaplains for the duration of the war.
For African American escaped slaves, the military occupation of Alexandria created opportunity on an unprecedented scale. As Federal troops extended their occupation of the seceded states, escaped slaves flooded into Union-controlled areas. Safely behind Union lines, the cities of Alexandria and Washington offered not only comparative freedom, but employment. Over the course of the war, Alexandria was transformed by the Union occupiers into a major supply depot and transport and hospital center, all under army control.
Because the escaped slaves were still legally property until the abolition of slavery, they were labeled as contrabands to prevent their being returned to their masters. Contrabands took positions with the army as construction workers, nurses and hospital stewards, longshoremen, painters, wood cutters, teamsters, laundresses, cooks, gravediggers, personal servants, and ultimately as soldiers and sailors. According to one statistic, the population of Alexandria had exploded to 18,000 by the fall of 1863 – an increase of 10,000 people in 16 months.
As of ratification of the Fifteenth Amendment, Alexandria County’s black population was more than 8,700, or about half the total number of residents in the County. This newly enfranchised constituency provided the support necessary to elect the first black Alexandrians to the City Council and the Virginia Legislature.
The population of contrabands flooding into Alexandria during the Union occupation included many who were destitute, malnourished and in poor health. Once in Alexandria, the contrabands were housed in barracks and hastily assembled shantytowns. In the close quarters with poor sanitation, smallpox and typhoid outbreaks were prevalent and death was common. In February 1864, after hundreds of contrabands and freedmen had perished, the commander of the Alexandria military district, General John P. Slough, seized a parcel of undeveloped land at the corner of South Washington and Church Streets from a pro-Confederate owner to be used as a cemetery specifically for burial of contrabands. Burials started in March that year.
The cemetery operated under General Slough's command. Its oversight was supervised by Alexandria’s Superintendent of Contrabands, the Rev. Albert Gladwin, who made arrangements for burials. Each grave was identified with a whitewashed, wooden grave marker. In 1868, after Congress ended most functions of the Freedmen's Bureau, the cemetery was closed; and the property was returned to its original owners. Eventually, after the grave markers had rotted and ownership had transferred several times, the property was redeveloped for commercial use. During its five years of operation, about 1800 contrabands and freedmen were buried in the cemetery.
Beginning in 1987, when memory of the cemetery was revived, the City of Alexandria began the process of saving the cemetery to create a memorial park. During 2008, submissions in a design competition for the memorial were received from 20 countries, and a design for the memorial was selected. As of late 2008, construction of the memorial was underway. As Contrabands and Freedmen Cemetery, the cemetery was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in August, 2012.
20th century.
In 1914, Agudas Achim Congregation was founded. In 1930, Alexandria annexed the Town of Potomac. That town, adjacent to Potomac Yard, had been laid out beginning in the late 19th century and incorporated in 1908.
During Prohibition, the city's only production brewery, Robert Portner Brewing Company, was closed. The city remained without a production brewery until the Port City Brewing Company opened in 2011.
In 1969 and 1976 Pope John Paul II visited Alexandria when he was known as Karol Cardinal Wojtyła. He was guided by a Polish Catholic priest from St. Mary's Catholic Church in Alexandria.
In 1999 the city celebrated its 250th anniversary.
In 2014 legislation was introduced in the City Council to repeal the 1963 law that requires new north-south streets to carry the name of a Confederate military leader. 
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which is land and (2.8%) is water. Alexandria is bounded on the east by the Potomac River, on the north and northwest by Arlington County, and on the south by Fairfax County. The western portions of the city were annexed from those two entities beginning in the 1930s.
The addressing system in Alexandria is not uniform and reflects the consolidation of several originally separate communities into a single city. In Old Town Alexandria, building numbers are assigned north and south from King Street and west (only) from the Potomac River. In the areas formerly in the Town of Potomac, such as Del Ray and St. Elmo, building numbers are assigned east and west from Commonwealth Avenue and north (only) from King Street. In the western parts of the city, building numbers are assigned north and south from Duke Street.
The ZIP code prefix 223 uniquely identifies the Alexandria postal area. However, the Alexandria postal area extends into Fairfax County and includes addresses outside of the city. Delivery areas have ZIP codes 22301, 22302, 22304, 22305, 22311, 22312, 22314, and 22315, with other ZIP codes in use for post office boxes and large mailers.
Neighborhoods.
Old Town.
Old Town is situated in the eastern and southeastern area of the city along the Potomac River. It was originally laid out in 1749, making it the oldest section of the City and is a historic district. Old Town is chiefly known for its historic town houses, art galleries, antique shops, and restaurants.
Some of the historic landmarks in Old Town include General Robert E. Lee's boyhood home, the Lee-Fendall House, a replica of George Washington's townhouse, Gadsby's Tavern, the Stabler-Leadbeater Apothecary Shop, and the Torpedo Factory art studio complex (see the "Recreation" paragraph below). River cruise boats and street entertainers frequent the large plaza at the foot of King Street; the Mount Vernon Trail also passes through. Old Town is laid out on a grid plan of substantially square blocks. The opening of the Washington Metro King Street station in 1983 led to a spurt of new hotel and office building development in western Old Town, and gentrification of townhouse areas west of Washington Street which were previously an African-American community.
Market Square in Old Town is believed to be one of the oldest continuously operating marketplaces in the United States, (from 1753 until present day), and was once the site of the second-largest slave market in the U.S. Today it contains a large fountain and extensive landscaping, as well as a farmers' market each Saturday morning.
In the center of the intersection of Washington and Prince streets stands a statue of a lone Confederate soldier which marks the spot where CSA units from Alexandria left to join the Confederate Army at the beginning of the American Civil War. The piece is entitled "Appomattox" and was cast by M. Casper Buberl in 1889.
Rosemont.
Just to the west of Old Town is the city's oldest planned residential expansion. Called by its creators Rosemont in honor of a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania neighborhood of the same name, Rosemont was developed between 1900 and 1920. Rosemont extends from the foot of Shuter's Hill, crowned by the George Washington National Masonic Memorial away to the north for a dozen blocks to the edge of Del Ray. Originally intended as a "streetcar suburb" connected to Washington, D.C. and George Washington's home at Mount Vernon by electric railroad, Rosemont, instead, became closely integrated into the life of the core of Alexandria. Much of Rosemont is included in a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places that was intended to focus attention on the neighborhood's role as a showcase of early 20th Century home building styles. Television weatherman Willard Scott grew up here.
The Berg.
At the northern limits of Old Town are the remnants of a historic, predominantly African American community known by its inhabitants as "The Berg." The area was settled in 1861 by refugees fleeing from enslavement in the Petersburg, VA area and was originally known as Petersburg or Grantsville. In 1915 the neighborhood encompassed several blocks from 1st St. to Bashford Lane and Royal St. to the waterfront railroad line.
Built in 1945, a 260-unit public housing complex covers several blocks in what is now Old Town Alexandria. Today the Berg’s most prominent landmarks are the James Bland Homes (built in 1954) named after an African American musician and songwriter, and the Samuel Madden Homes, named after the second African-American pastor of the Alfred Street Baptist Church.
Over the years the historic roots of the Berg’s name were lost, and many assumed it referred to the monolithic, iceberg-like buildings of this apartment complex. It was mentioned in the movie "Remember the Titans", which dramatizes the integration of city public schools in the 1970s 
Arlandria.
Arlandria is a neighborhood located in the north-eastern portion of Alexandria. Its name is a portmanteau of the words "Arlington" and "Alexandria," reflecting its location on the border of Arlington County and Alexandria. The neighborhood's borders form a rough triangle bounded by Four Mile Run in the north, West Glebe Road to the south and south-west, and Route 1 to the east. Centered around Mount Vernon Avenue between Four Mile Run and West Glebe Road, it is home to many Hispanic, Thai, and Vietnamese-owned bakeries, restaurants, salons, and bookstores. An influx of Salvadorean immigrants into the neighborhood in the 1980s has earned it the nickname "Chirilagua," after the city on the Pacific coast of El Salvador. Arlandria is also home to the Birchmere concert hall, the Alexandria Aces of the Cal Ripken, Sr. Collegiate Baseball League, and St. Rita Roman Catholic Church, dedicated in 1949 and constructed in Gothic style from Virginia fieldstone and Indiana limestone. Alternative rock band the Foo Fighters has a track titled "Arlandria" on their 2011 release "Wasting Light". Front-man (and ex-Nirvana drummer) Dave Grohl lived in Alexandria during his childhood. The area is also referenced in the song "Headwires" from the band's 1999 release, "There Is Nothing Left to Lose".
Del Ray.
The area to the northwest of Old Town, formerly in the separate town of Potomac, is popularly known as Del Ray, although that name properly belongs to one of many communities (including Hume, Mount Ida, and Saint Elmo's) in that area. The communities of Del Ray and St. Elmo's originated in early 1894, when developer Charles Wood organized them on a grid pattern of streets running north-south and east-west. Del Ray originally contained six east-west streets and five north-south. All were identical in width, except Mt. Vernon Avenue, which was approximately twenty feet wider. St. Elmo's, a smaller tract, was laid out in a similar pattern, but with only four east-west streets and one running north-south.
By 1900, Del Ray contained approximately 130 persons, and St. Elmo 55. In 1908, the tracts of Del Ray, St. Elmo's, Mt. Ida, and Hume were incorporated into the town of Potomac, which by 1910 had a population of 599; by 1920 it contained 1,000; by 1928 it had 2,355 residents; now more than 20,000 people live in Del Ray.
The 254 acres (1 km²) comprising Del Ray were sold to Charles Wood in 1894 for the sum of $38,900, while St. Elmo, made up of , was purchased for $15,314.
The community, while still diverse, has experienced substantial gentrification since the development of the Potomac Yard Shopping Center in the mid-1990s. It draws tens of thousands of people from around the Washington, D.C. region during its annual Art on the Avenue main street festival the first Saturday in October. New development under way in formerly unused land near Potomac Yard, across US Route 1 from Del Ray, will include condominiums, offices, parks, and a fire station with affordable housing on upper floors.
West End.
Alexandria's West End includes areas annexed from Fairfax County in the 1950s. It is the most typically suburban part of Alexandria, with a street hierarchy of winding roads and cul-de-sacs. The section of Duke Street in the West End is known for a high-density residential area known to locals as "Landmark" due to its close proximity to nearby Landmark Mall, and for its concentration of strip and enclosed shopping malls. In more recent years, parts of Alexandria's West End have seen an influx of immigrants from Ethiopia, Eritrea, Afghanistan and Pakistan, who have settled in the areas surrounding Seminary Road west of I-395.
The West End is composed of four main areas. All are west of Quaker Lane, a major north-south artery through the western side of Alexandria:
North Ridge.
North Ridge, in northern Alexandria city, includes the busy east-west Braddock Road/King Street corridors and north-south arteries Russell Rd (to the East) and Cameron Mill Rd. North Ridge takes its name from the high ground west of Russell Road and south of West Glebe Road. Within the area that comprises North Ridge are the neighborhoods of Beverly Hills, Jefferson Park, Braddock Heights, Timber Branch, Parkfairfax, Monticello Park, Beverly Estates, and Oak Crest. It is a residential area with homes of numerous styles with mostly single family two-story & basement houses that were largely developed in the period of the 1930s through the early 1960s. The Lower School of private St. Stephen's & St. Agnes School is located in the Jefferson Park neighborhood of North Ridge. This neighborhood includes many houses of worship as well as one of Virginia's eight Scottish Rite temples, a Masonic order. Alexandria City Fire Station #203 is located at Cameron Mills Rd & Monticello Blvd and an Alexandria Police Satellite Facility borders North Ridge located at King St & W. Braddock Rd. On the edge of the community is a small shopping center called Fairlington anchored by a national-chain drug store and a Cadillac car dealership. North Ridge students attend George Mason and Charles Barrett Elementary Schools and feed into George Washington Middle School and T. C. Williams High School. Parks include Monticello Park, Beverly Park and Robert Leider Park. The North Ridge community lies within the original square of the District of Columbia, ceded back to Virginia in 1846.
Nearby neighborhoods.
Many neighborhoods and cities outside of the city limits, including Hollin Hills, Franconia, Groveton, Hybla Valley, Huntington, Belle Haven, Mount Vernon, Fort Hunt, Engleside, Burgundy Village, Waynewood, Wilton Woods, Rose Hill, Virginia Hills, Hayfield, and Kingstowne use an Alexandria address. Despite the Alexandria address, these areas are actually part of Fairfax County, not Alexandria. Many locals refer to the non-Alexandria area that has an Alexandria zip code as "Lower Alexandria" or "South Alexandria" or "Alexandria, Fairfax County."
Demographics.
At the 2010 census, there were 139,966 people, 68,082 households and 30,978 families residing in the city. The population density was 8,452.0 per square mile (3,262.9/km²). There were 68,082 housing units at an average density of 4,233.2 per square mile (1,634.2/km²). The racial makeup of the city was:
In 2000, there were 61,889 households of which 18.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 32.2% were married couples living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 55.2% were non-families. 43.4% of all households were made up of individuals and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.04 and the average family size was 2.87.
The age distribution was 16.8% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 43.5% from 25 to 44, 21.5% from 45 to 64, and 9.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 93.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.7 males.
According to a 2007 estimate, the median household income was $80,806 and the median family income was $102,435. Males had a median income of $47,514 versus $41,254 for females. The per capita income for the city was $37,645. 8.9% of the population and 6.8% of families were below the poverty line. 13.9% of those under the age of 18 and 9.0% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.
Crime.
Like many American cities, Alexandria has experienced a substantial decline in overall crime since 1970, hitting a 45 year low in 2010. The city's Alexandria Police Department is responsible for police services in the city. There are 320 officers and 138 administrative workers. Since 2002, the police department has put crime information online.
The total number of violent crimes have been declining on average since 1997 for Alexandria. There were 288 cases of aggravated assault for 1997. The average since then has been 204 per year. The high point for burglary was reached in 1997 with 819 break-ins, as well as 813 reports of auto theft, the highest recorded total for the city. The average number of stolen autos for every year since then has been 672. The number of crimes per 1,000 people has also been declining, from 56 in 1997 to 27 in 2006. According to the Police Executive Research Forum, in Alexandria, "street violence is overrepresented in the Hispanic community."
Economy.
Companies headquartered in Alexandria include the Institute for Defense Analyses, the Center for Naval Analyses, VSE and the Pentagon Federal Credit Union.
Alexandria is home to numerous trade associations, charities, and non-profit organizations including the national headquarters of groups such as the American Diabetes Association, BoatUS, Catholic Charities, Citizens for the Republic, Global Impact, Good360, Islamic Relief USA, United Way, Volunteers of America and the Salvation Army. Other organizations located in Alexandria include American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity, the American Counseling Association, the Society for Human Resource Management and the National Beer Wholesalers Association.
Largest employers.
According to the City's 2012 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report, the top public employers in the city are:
The top private employers in the city are:
Education.
The city is served by the Alexandria City Public Schools system and by the Alexandria campus of Northern Virginia Community College. The largest seminary in the Episcopal Church, Virginia Theological Seminary, is located on Seminary Road. Virginia Tech's Washington-Alexandria Architecture Center, also known as WAAC, is located on Prince Street in Old Town, offering graduate programs in Urban Affairs and Planning, Public and International Affairs, Architecture, and Landscape Architecture. Virginia Commonwealth University operates a Northern Virginia branch of its School of Social Work and The George Washington University (Washington DC) also has a campus near the King Street metro. This campus mainly offers professional and vocational programs, such as an executive MBA program, urban planning and security studies.
Alexandria has several of the Washington, D.C., area's top private schools, such as St. Stephen's and St. Agnes School, Bishop Ireton High School, and Episcopal High School. Also in the city are Alexandria Country Day School, Commonwealth Academy, St. Mary's Catholic School, St. Rita's Catholic School, Blessed Sacrament Learning Center and Global Health College.
Alexandria's public school system consists of thirteen elementary schools for grades 5-year-old Kindergarten through Grade 5. Middle Schools, George Washington and Francis C. Hammond, serve 6th through 8th graders. Minnie Howard Ninth Grade Center and T.C. Williams High School serve grades 9th and 10 through 12, respectively, for the entire city.
The demographics of Alexandria City Public Schools contrast with those of the city. In 2008, only 14% of the students at Francis C. Hammond Middle School were non-Hispanic whites, compared to about 60% when looking at the city as a whole. 27% were of Hispanic descent, and 48% were black. About 9% of the school was of Asian descent. In 2004, 62% of the school received free lunches; by 2008, that number had decreased to 56%. At George Washington Middle School, 30% of students are non-Hispanic whites, 24% were Hispanic, and 41% was black. 3% of the students were Asian, and 52% of students received free lunch. T.C. Williams High School follows this trend as well; 23% of the students were classified as non-Hispanic whites, 25% as Hispanic, and 44% as black. 7% of the school was Asian, and 47% of all students received free lunch.
Recreation and sites of interest.
Alexandria has a distributed park system with approximately 950 acres (3.8 km²) spread across 70 major parks and 30 recreation centers, of which Chinquapin is one of the largest. Chinquapin offers facilities for swimming, tennis, racquetball, and other sports. The city also organizes several sports leagues throughout the year including volleyball, softball and basketball.
The city is home to Cameron Run Regional Park which includes a water park with a wave pool and water slides, as well as a miniature golf course and batting cages. A portion of the Mount Vernon Trail, a popular bike and jogging path, runs through Old Town near the Potomac River on its way from the Mount Vernon Estate to Roosevelt Island in Washington, DC. There is also a largely unbroken line of parks stretching along the Alexandria waterfront from end to end.
Landmarks within the city include the George Washington Masonic National Memorial (also known as the Masonic Temple) and Observation Deck, Christ Church, Gadsby's Tavern, John Carlyle House, Little Theatre of Alexandria, Lee-Fendall House, Alexandria City Hall, Market Square, the Jones Point Light, the south cornerstone of the original District of Columbia, Robert E. Lee's boyhood home, the Torpedo Factory Art Center, and the Virginia Theological Seminary. Other sites of historical interest in the city include Alexandria Black History Resource Center, Fort Ward Park and Museum, and the Alexandria Canal lock re-creation at Canal Office Center. Interesting sites with Alexandria addresses but outside of the city limits include River Farm, Collingwood Library & Museum, Green Spring Gardens Park, Huntley Meadows Park, Historic Huntley, Pope-Leighey House (designed by Frank Lloyd Wright), Woodlawn Plantation, Washington's Grist Mill and Mount Vernon Estate.
In 1830, John Hollensbury's home in Alexandria was one of two homes directly boarding an alleyway that received a large amount of horse-drawn wagon traffic and loiterers. In order to prevent people from using the alleyway, Hollensbury constructed a wide, deep, , two story home using the existing brick walls of the adjacent homes for the sides of the new home. The brick walls of the Hollensbury Spite House living room have gouges from wagon-wheel hubs and the house still is standing and occupied.
Sports.
Due to its proximity to Washington, Alexandria has only been the home of one professional sports team, the Alexandria Dukes, a minor league baseball team which has moved to Woodbridge and is currently named the Potomac Nationals. However, the Cal Ripken, Sr. Collegiate Baseball League brought baseball back to Alexandria in 2008 in the form of the Alexandria Aces. In addition, TC Williams, Bishop Ireton, St. Stephen's and Episcopal have storied histories in athletics, such as football, basketball, baseball and lacrosse. The largest youth sport in Alexandria is soccer with almost 2,500 players ages 2–18 who participate in Alexandria Soccer Association.
Transportation.
Alexandria is bisected north and south by State Route 7, known in most of the city as the major thoroughfare of King Street. Interstate 95/495 (the Capital Beltway), including the Woodrow Wilson Bridge over the Potomac River, approximately parallels the city's southern boundary with Fairfax County. Interstate 395 crosses through the western part of the city. Other major routes include U.S. 1 (named Jefferson Davis Highway, and Patrick and Henry Streets after Patrick Henry, and Richmond Highway), the George Washington Memorial Parkway, and Duke Street (State Route 236).
Alexandria is located just south of Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport in Arlington County. As with other Washington suburbs, Alexandria is also served by Washington Dulles International Airport in Sterling, Virginia and by Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport near Baltimore, Maryland.
Alexandria Union Station, the city's historic train station, is served by both Amtrak intercity and Virginia Railway Express regional rail service. The station is directly adjacent to the King Street – Old Town Washington Metro station, at the convergence of the Blue and Yellow Lines. Three other Metro stations that lie within the city limits are Braddock Road, Van Dorn Street, and Eisenhower Avenue.
The traditional boundary between Old Town and the latterly annexed sections of the city followed the railway now owned by CSX Transportation.
The city government operates its own mass transit system, the DASH bus, connecting points of interest with local transit hubs. Metrobus, Washington Metro, and the Virginia Railway Express, better known as the VRE, also serve Alexandria. The city also offers a free trolley service on King Street from the King Street Metro Station to the Waterfront and a water taxi to and from the National Harbor development in Prince George's County, Maryland.
Government.
As an independent city of Virginia (as opposed to an incorporated town within a county), Alexandria derives its governing authority from the Virginia General Assembly. In order to revise the power and structure of the city government, the city must request the General Assembly to amend the charter. The present charter was granted in 1950 and it has been amended in 1968, 1971, 1976, and 1982.
Alexandria adopted a council-manager form of government by way of referendum in 1921. This type of government empowers the elected City Council to pass legislation and appoint the City Manager. The City Manager is responsible for overseeing the city's administration.
In 2008, the City of Alexandria had 78 standing local boards, commissions, and committees to advise the City Council on major issues affecting the community. All members are appointed by the City Council.
Alexandria is part of Virginia's 8th congressional district, represented by Democrat Jim Moran, elected in 1990.
The state's senior member of the United States Senate is Democrat Mark Warner, elected in 2008. The state's junior member of the United States Senate is Democrat Tim Kaine, elected in 2012.
Eco-City.
In 2008, the Alexandria City Council approved an "Eco-City" charter with the goal of guiding the city and its residents toward "sustainability". The term "Eco-City" was first coined by Richard Register in his 1987 book "Ecocity Berkeley: building cities for a healthy future". An "Eco-City" is typically defined as one in which inhabitants are dedicated to the minimal consumption of energy, water and food as well as minimal production of air and water pollution. Alexandria, however, defined sustainability instead as meeting the city's present needs while preserving its historic character and ensuring the ability of future generations to meet their own needs.
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Alexandria has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.
Sister cities.
Alexandria has four sister cities, as designated by Sister Cities International:
Alexandria was twinned with Gyumri as a means of showing good will in the wake of the 1988 earthquake. Some Armenian architects were invited to study in Virginia and an Alexandria-Gyumri Armenian festival is held around City Hall every year in June, the date of which is declared Armenia Day in Alexandria by the mayor.
Alexandria has been twinned with Caen in France since 1991. The sister city relationship sees delegations visiting between the two cities on a regular basis. Exchanges of students have been common. Musicians and choirs from the two cities have also made very successful visits. In most years, members of the Alexandria-Caen Sister City Committee travel to Caen for the "Foire de Caen", a large international trade fair held in mid-September. Along with Caen's other sister cities, the Alexandria delegation has the chance to introduce its city to the people of Normandy, while getting the chance to learn more about this historic region of France.
An office in the Alexandria City Hall is there for the projects with Sister Cities.
Popular culture.
"The Walking Dead" comic book series features a protected area of Alexandria known as the Safe Zone.
Jim Morrison (from the band The Doors) graduated from George Washington High School in 1961.
Death metal/grindcore band Pig Destroyer have a song entitled "Alexandria" on their 2007 album "Phantom Limb", named after and about the city.
The movie Remember the Titans takes place in Alexandria and the cemetery scene was filmed at Ivy Hill Cemetery in Alexandria.
The first scene of the movie was filmed at the George Washington Masonic Memorial.
Scenes of the 1973 movie "Scorpio" - directed by Michael Winner and starring Burt Lancaster - were filmed around Glebe Rd in Arlandria, and in the old Alexandria Roller Rink.
Dave Grohl of the Foo Fighters lived some period of his adolescent life in Alexandria and has a song "Arlandria," somehow associated with the Arlandria part of Alexandria, on the album Wasting Light.
The guy who says "I'm rich, bitch" at the end of every episode of Chapelle's Show, Donnell Rawlings, went to T.C. Williams High School.
Megan Young, Miss World Philippines 2013 and Miss World 2013, was born in Alexandria.

</doc>
<doc id="18940588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940588" title="A.C. Milan">
A.C. Milan

Associazione Calcio Milan (), commonly referred to as A.C. Milan or simply Milan, is a professional Italian football club based in Milan, Lombardy, that plays in Serie A. Milan was founded in 1899 by English lace-maker Herbert Kilpin and businessman Alfred Edwards among others. The club has spent its entire history, with the exception of the 1980–81 and 1982–83 seasons, in the top flight of Italian football, known as Serie A since 1929–30.
They are the second most successful club in world football in terms of international trophies along with Boca Juniors, with 18 officially recognized UEFA and FIFA titles. Milan has won a record of three Intercontinental Cup and once its successor, the FIFA Club World Cup. Milan also won the European Cup/Champions League on seven occasions, second only to Real Madrid. They also won the UEFA Super Cup a record five times and the Cup Winners' Cup twice. Milan won every major competition in which it has competed, with the exception of the Europa League (in this competition they have lost two semifinals in 1972 and in 2002). Domestically, with 18 league titles Milan is the joint-second most successful club in Serie A behind Juventus (29 titles), along with local rivals Inter. They have also won the Coppa Italia five times, as well as a record six Supercoppa Italiana triumphs.
Milan's home games are played at San Siro, also known as the "Stadio Giuseppe Meazza". The stadium, which is shared with Inter, is the largest in Italian football, with a total capacity of 80,018. Inter are considered their biggest rivals, and matches between the two teams are called Derby della Madonnina, which is one of the most followed derbies in football. As of 2010, Milan is the third most supported team in Italy, and the seventh most supported team in Europe, ahead of any other Italian team.
The owner of the club is former Italian Prime Minister and controlling shareholder of Mediaset Silvio Berlusconi, and the vice-president is Adriano Galliani. The club is one of the wealthiest and most valuable in Italian and world football. It was a founding member of the now-defunct G-14 group of Europe's leading football clubs as well as its replacement, the European Club Association.
History.
A.C. Milan was founded as "Milan Cricket and Foot-Ball Club" on 16 December 1899 by English expatriates Alfred Edwards and Herbert Kilpin, who came from the English city of Nottingham. In honour of its English origins, the club has retained the English spelling of the city's name, as opposed to the Italian spelling "Milano" which it was forced to bear under the fascist regime. Milan won its first Italian championship in 1901 and a further two in succession in 1906 and 1907.
In 1908, Milan experienced a split caused by internal disagreements over the signing of foreign players, which led to the forming of another Milan-based team, F.C. Internazionale Milano. Following these events, Milan did not manage to win a single domestic title until 1950–51. The 1950s saw the club return to the top of Italian football, headed by the famous Gre-No-Li Swedish trio Gunnar Gren, Gunnar Nordahl and Nils Liedholm. This was one of the club's most successful periods domestically, with the Scudetto going to Milan in 1951, 1955, 1957, 1959 and 1962. In 1963, Milan won its first continental title by beating S.L. Benfica in the final of the European Cup. This success was repeated in 1969, with a 4–1 win over AFC Ajax in the final, which was followed by the Intercontinental Cup title the same year. During this period Milan also won its first Coppa Italia, with victory over Padova in the 1967 final, and three European Cup Winners' Cups; in 1967–68, 1972–73 and 1973–74.
Milan won a tenth league title in 1979, but after the retirement of Gianni Rivera in the same year, the team went into a period of decline. The club was involved in the 1980 Totonero scandal and as punishment was relegated to Serie B for the first time in its history. The scandal was centered around a betting syndicate paying players and officials to fix the outcome of matches. Milan achieved promotion back to Serie A at the first attempt, winning the 1980–81 Serie B title, but were again relegated a year later as the team ended its 1981–82 campaign in third last place. In 1983, Milan won the Serie B title for the second time in three seasons to return to Serie A, where they achieved a sixth place finish in 1983–84.
On 20 February 1986, entrepreneur Silvio Berlusconi acquired the club and saved it from bankruptcy investing vast amounts of money, appointing rising manager Arrigo Sacchi at the helm of the "Rossoneri" and signing the Dutch trio of Ruud Gullit, Marco van Basten and Frank Rijkaard. Under Sacchi, Milan won its first Scudetto in nine years in the 1987–88 season. The following year the club won its first European Cup in two decades, beating Romanian club Steaua București 4–0 in the final. Milan retained their title with a 1–0 win over Benfica a year later and remain the last team to win back-to-back European Cups. The Milan team of 1989–90 has been voted the best club side of all time, in a global poll of experts conducted by World Soccer magazine.
After Sacchi left Milan in 1991, he was replaced by the club's former player Fabio Capello whose team won three consecutive Serie A titles between 1992 and 1994, a spell which included a 58 match unbeaten run in Serie A and back-to-back UEFA Champions League final appearances in 1993 and 1994. A year after losing 1–0 to Olympique de Marseille in the 1993 Champions League final, the team reached its peak in one of Milan's most memorable matches of all time, the famous 4–0 win over Barcelona in the 1994 Champions League final. Capello's team went on to win the 1995–96 league title before he left to coach Real Madrid in 1996. In 1998–99, after a two-year period of decline, Milan lifted its 16th championship in the club's centenary season.
Milan's next period of success came under another former player, Carlo Ancelotti. After his appointment in November 2001, Ancelotti took Milan to the 2003 Champions League final, where they defeated Juventus on penalties to win the club's sixth European Cup. The team then won the Scudetto in 2003–04, before reaching the 2005 Champions League final, where they were beaten by Liverpool on penalties despite leading 3–0 at half time. Two years later, the two teams met again in the 2007 Champions League final with Milan winning 2–1 to lift the title for a seventh time. The team then won its first FIFA Club World Cup in December 2007. In 2009, after becoming Milan's second longest serving coach, with 420 matches overseen, Ancelotti left the club to take over as head-coach at Chelsea.
During this period, the club was involved in the Calciopoli scandal, where five teams were accused of fixing matches by selecting favorable referees. A police inquiry excluded any involvement of Milan managers, but FIGC unilaterally decided that it had sufficient evidence to charge Milan vice-president, Adriano Galliani. As a result, Milan was initially punished with a 15-point deduction and was initially banned from the 2006–07 UEFA Champions League. An appeal saw that penalty reduced to eight points, which allowed the club to retain its Champions League participation.
Following the aftermath of Calciopoli, local rivals Internazionale dominated Serie A, winning four Scudetti. However, with the help a strong squad boasting players such as Zlatan Ibrahimović, Robinho and Alexandre Pato joining many of the veterans of the club's mid-decade European successes, Milan recaptured the Scudetto in the 2010–11 Serie A season, their first since the 2003–04 season, and 18th overall.
Colours and badge.
Red and black are the colours which have represented the club throughout its entire history. They were chosen to represent the players' fiery ardor (red) and the opponents' fear to challenge the team (black). "Rossoneri", the team's widely used nickname, literally means "the red & blacks" in Italian, in reference to the colours of the stripes on its jersey.
Another nickname derived from the club's colours is "the Devil". An image of a red devil was used as Milan's logo at one point with a "Golden Star for Sport Excellence" located next to it. As is customary in Italian football, the star above the logo was awarded to the club after winning 10 league titles, in 1979. For many years, Milan's badge was simply the Flag of Milan, which was originally the flag of Saint Ambrose. The modern badge used today represents the club colours and the flag of the "Comune di Milano", with the acronym "ACM" at the top and the foundation year (1899) at the bottom.
White shorts and black socks are usually worn as part of the home strip. Milan's away strip has always been completely white. It is considered by both the fans and the club to be a lucky strip in Champions League finals, due to the fact that Milan has won six finals out of eight in an all white strip (losing only to Ajax in 1995 and Liverpool in 2005), and only won one out of three in the home strip. The third strip, which is rarely used, changes yearly, being mostly black with red trimmings in recent seasons.
Stadium.
The team's stadium is the 80,018 seat San Siro, officially known as "Stadio Giuseppe Meazza" after the former player who represented both Milan and Internazionale. The more commonly used name, "San Siro", is the name of the district where it's located. San Siro has been the home of Milan since 1926, when it was privately built by funding from Milan's president at the time, Piero Pirelli. Construction was performed by 120 workers, and took 13 and a half months to complete. The stadium was owned by the club until it was sold to the city council in 1935, and since 1947 has been shared with Internazionale, when the other major Milanese club was accepted as joint tenant.
The first game played at the stadium was on 19 September 1926, when Milan lost 6–3 in a friendly match against Internazionale. Milan played its first league game in San Siro on 19 September 1926, losing 1–2 to Sampierdarenese. From an initial capacity of 35,000 spectators, the stadium has undergone several major renovations, most recently in preparation for the 1990 FIFA World Cup when its capacity was set to 85,700, all covered with a polycarbonate roof. In the summer of 2008 its capacity has been reduced to 80,018, in order to meet the new standards set by UEFA.
Based on the English model for stadiums, San Siro is specifically designed for football matches, as opposed to many multi-purpose stadiums used in Serie A. It is therefore renowned in Italy for its fantastic atmosphere during matches, thanks to the closeness of the stands to the pitch. The frequent use of flares by supporters contributes to the atmosphere but the practice has occasionally caused problems.
On 19 December 2005, Milan vice-president and executive director Adriano Galliani announced that the club is seriously working towards a relocation. He said that Milan's new stadium will be largely based on the Veltins-Arena and will follow the standards of football stadiums in the United States, Germany and Spain. As opposed to many other stadiums in Italy, Milan's new stadium will likely be used for football only, having no athletics track. The new stadium's naming rights will be probably sold to a sponsor, similarly to Arsenal's Emirates Stadium. It remains to be seen if this plan will proceed or if this is just a ploy to force the owners (Comune di Milano) to sell the stadium to Milan for a nominal fee so as to proceed with extensive renovations. The possibility of Internazionale vacating San Siro may affect proceedings.
Supporters and rivalries.
Milan is one of the best supported football clubs in Italy, according to research conducted by Italian newspaper "La Repubblica". Historically, Milan was supported by the city's working-class and trade unionists. On the other hand, crosstown rivals Internazionale were mainly supported by the more prosperous and typically Milanese middle-class. 
One of the oldest ultras groups in all of Italian football, "Fossa dei Leoni", originated in Milan. Currently, the main ultras group within the support base is "Brigate Rossonere". Politically, Milan ultras have never had any particular preference, but the media traditionally associated them with the left-wing, until recently, when Berlusconi's presidency somewhat altered that view.
According to a study from 2010, Milan is the most supported Italian team in Europe and seventh overall, with over 18.4 million fans. AC Milan had the ninth highest average attendance of European football clubs during the 2010-11 season, behind Borussia Dortmund, FC Barcelona, Manchester United, Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Schalke, Arsenal, and Hamburg.
Genoa fans consider Milan a hated rival after Genoa fan, Vincenzo Spagnolo was stabbed to death by a Milan supporter in January 1995. However, Milan's main rivalry is with neighbor club, Internazionale; both clubs meet in the widely anticipated "Derby della Madonnina" twice every Serie A season. The name of the derby refers to the Blessed Virgin Mary, whose statue atop the Milan Cathedral is one of the city's main attractions. The match usually creates a lively atmosphere, with numerous (often humorous or offensive) banners unfolded before the start of the game. Flares are commonly present and contribute to the spectacle but they have occasionally led to problems, including the abandonment of the second leg of the 2004–05 Champions League quarterfinal match between Milan and Inter on 12 April 2005, after a flare thrown from the crowd by an Inter supporter struck Milan keeper Dida on the shoulder.
Presidents and managers.
Presidential history.
Milan has had numerous presidents over the course of its history, some of whom have been owners of the club while others have been honorary presidents. Here is a complete list of them.
Managerial history.
Below is a list of Milan coaches from 1900 until the present day.
Honours.
Milan is one of the most successful clubs in Italy, having won a total of 29 major trophies.
Together with Boca Juniors, Milan is the most successful club in the world in terms of international competitions won, with a record of 14 European trophies and four World titles. Milan has earned the right to place a star on its jersey in recognition of the fact that it has won at least ten "scudetti". In addition, the club is permanently allowed to display a multiple-winner badge on its shirt as it has won more than five European Championship Cups.
Club statistics and records.
Paolo Maldini holds the records for both total appearances and Serie A appearances for Milan, with 902 official games played in total and 647 in Serie A (as of 31 May 2009, not including playoff matches), the latter being an all time Serie A record.
Swede forward Gunnar Nordahl scored 38 goals in the 1950–51 season, 35 of which were in Serie A, setting an Italian football and club record. He went on to become Milan's all time top goalscorer, scoring 221 goals for the club in 268 games. He is followed in second place by Andriy Shevchenko with 175 goals in 322 games, and Gianni Rivera in third place, who has scored 164 goals in 658 games. Rivera is also Milan's youngest ever goalscorer, scoring in a league match against Juventus at just 17 years.
Legendary tactician Nereo Rocco, the first proponent of catenaccio in the country, was Milan's longest serving head coach, sitting on the bench for over 9 years (in two spells) in the 1960s and early 1970s, winning the club's first European Cup triumphs. Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, who purchased the club in 1986, is Milan's longest serving president (23 years, due to a two-year vacancy between 2004 and 2006).
The first official match in which Milan participated was in the Third Federal Football Championship, the predecessor of Serie A, losing 3–0 to Torinese. Milan's biggest ever victory was 13–0 versus Audax Modena, in a league match at the 1914–15 season. Its heaviest defeat was recorded in the league at the 1922–23 season, beaten 0–8 by Bologna.
During the 1991–92 season, the club achieved the feature of being the first team to win the Serie A title without losing a single game. Previously, only Perugia had managed to go unbeaten over an entire Serie A season (1978–79), but finished second in the table. In total, Milan's unbeaten streak lasted 58 games, starting with a 0–0 draw against Parma on 26 May 1991 and coincidentally ending with a 1–0 home loss to Parma on 21 March 1993. This is a Serie A record as well as the third longest unbeaten run in top flight European football, coming in behind Steaua Bucureşti's record of 104 unbeaten games and Celtic's 68 game unbeaten run.
Along with Boca Juniors, Milan won more FIFA recognized international club titles than any other club in the world.
The sale of Kaká to Real Madrid in 2009, broke the 8-year-old world football transfer record held by Zinedine Zidane, costing the Spanish club £56 million. However, that record lasted for less than a month, broken by Cristiano Ronaldo's £80 million transfer. This record, however, is in terms of nominal British pound rates, not adjusted to inflation or the real value in Euro, the currency used in Italy and Spain.
A.C. Milan as a company.
Milan is a subsidiary of Fininvest Group since 1986. The office of club president has been vacant since 8 May 2008, following a new Italian law that forbids the country's prime minister, Silvio Berlusconi, to have other managing roles in private companies or clubs. The vice president and CEO of the company is Adriano Galliani.
According to "The Football Money League" published by consultants Deloitte, in the 2005–06 season, Milan was the fifth highest earning football club in the world with an estimated revenue of €233.7 million. However it fell to 8th in 2011–12 season. The club is also ranked as the sixth wealthiest football club in the world by "Forbes" magazine as of 2011, making it the wealthiest in Italian football.
Fly Emirates is the current main sponsor for Milan's shirt starting for the 2010–11 season and lasting 5 years, 
The current shirts are supplied by German sportswear manufacturer Adidas, whose deal runs to the end of the 2017–18 season. The deal makes Adidas the official manufacturer of all kits, training equipment and replica outfits. Prior to Adidas, the Italian sports company Lotto produced Milan's sportswear.
On 14 January 2008, Milan and Adidas renewed the sponsorship contract until 30 June 2018. According to the new contract, Adidas will be responsible for 3 separate areas of sponsorship; the sponsorship on the shirt, the merchandising and the distribution of all non-football related Milan products.
AC Milan Group made an aggregate net loss in recent year, was one of the largest among the Italian clubs, which: 2005, net loss of €4.5 million (separate account); 2006, a net income of €11.904 million (contributed by the sales of Shevchenko); 2007, a net loss of €32 million; 2008, a net loss of €77 million; 2009, a net loss of €19 million (contributed by the sales of Kaká); 2010 a net loss of €65 million; 2011 a net loss of €67.334 million and most recently a net loss of €6.857 million (contributed by the sales of Thiago Silva and Ibrahimović).
AC Milan had re-capitalization of €75 million in 2007 financial year; €93 million in 2008; €18 million in 2009 and €44 million in 2010 (€20.9 million of the capital increase was converted from shareholder loan); €87 million in 2011; €29 million in 2012. However, the group has had negative equity at the end of each fiscal year since 2006. The balance was €40.8 million in 2006, €47.5 million in 2007, €64.5 million in 2008, €72 million in 2009, €96.6 million in 2010, €77.091 million in 2011 and €54.948 million in 2012.
Kit manufacturers and shirt sponsors.
Superleague Formula.
Milan has a team in the new Superleague Formula race car series where teams are sponsored by football clubs. Robert Doornbos, formerly driving for Minardi and Red Bull Racing in the Formula One World Championship, drove for Milan in 2008. Doornbos won his first race for the team at Nürburgring, Germany. Giorgio Pantano is driving for Milan in the 2009 season and he has also won races for the team.

</doc>
<doc id="18940621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940621" title="Ammunition">
Ammunition

Ammunition (colloquially shortened to ammo) is gunpowder and artillery, or broadly anything that can be used in combat including bombs, missiles, warheads, landmines, naval mines, and anti-personnel mines. The word comes from the French "la munition" which is all material used for war. The collective term for all types of ammunition is munitions.
The purpose of ammunition is to project force against a selected target. However, the nature of ammunition use also includes delivery or combat supporting munitions such as pyrotechnic or incendiary compounds. Since the design of the cartridge, the meaning has been transferred to the assembly of a projectile and its propellant in a single package.
Ammunition involves the application of fire to targets, general use of weapons by personnel, explosives and propellants, cartridge systems, high explosive projectiles (HE), warheads, shaped charge forms of attack on armour and aircraft, carrier projectiles, fuzes, mortar ammunition, small arms ammunition, grenades, mines, pyrotechnics, improved conventional munitions, and terminally guided munition.
Glossary.
Historical (c. World War I).
These general conditions apply to the storage of ammunition in fortresses. Here the positions for the magazine and ammunition stores are so chosen as to afford the best means of protection from an enemy's fire. Huge earth parapets cover these buildings, which are further strengthened, where possible, by traverses protecting the entrances. For the purpose of filling, emptying, and examining cannon cartridges and shell, a laboratory is generally provided at some distance from the magazine. The various stores for explosives are classified into those under magazine conditions (such as magazines, laboratories, and cartridge stores) and those with which these restrictions need not be observed (such as ammunition and shell stores). The interior walls of a magazine are lined, and the floors laid so that there may be no exposed iron or steel. At the entrance, there is a lobby or barrier, inside which persons about to enter the magazine change their clothes for a special suit, and their boots for a pair made without nails. In an ammunition or shell store these precautions need not be taken except where the shell store and the adjacent cartridge store have a common entrance; persons entering may do so in their ordinary clothes. A large work may have a main magazine and several subsidiary magazines, from which the stock of cartridges is renewed in the cartridge stores attached to each group of guns or in the expense cartridge stores and cartridge recesses. The same applies to main ammunition stores which supply the shell stores, expense stores, and recesses.
The supply of ammunition are either for guns forming the movable armament or for guns placed in permanent positions. The movable armament will consist of guns and howitzers of small and medium caliber, and it is necessary to arrange suitable expense cartridge stores and shell stores close to the available positions. They can generally be constructed to form part of the permanent work in the projected face of traverses or other strong formations, and should be arranged for a twenty-four hour supply of ammunition. These stores are refilled from the main magazine every night under cover of darkness. Light railways join the various positions. The guns mounted in permanent emplacements are divided into groups of two or three guns each, and usually each group will require but one calibre of ammunition. A cartridge store, shell store and a general store, all well ventilated, are arranged for the especial service of such a group of guns. In the cartridge store the cylinders containing the cartridges are so placed and labeled that the required charge, whether reduced or full, can be immediately selected.
In the shell store, the common shell are separated from the armour-piercing or shrapnel. Each nature of projectile is painted in a distinctive manner to render identification easy. The fuzes and tubes are placed in the general store with the tools and accessories belonging to the guns. The gun group is distinguished by some letter and the guns of the group by numerals; thus A/1 is number one gun of group A. The magazine and shell stores are also indicated by the group letter, and so that mistakes, even by those unaccustomed to the fort, may be avoided, the passages are pointed out by finger posts and direction boards. For the immediate service of each gun, a few cartridges and projectiles are stored in small receptacles (called cartridge and shell recesses respectively) built in the parapet as near the gun position as practicable. In some cases, a limited number of projectiles may be placed close underneath the parapet if this is conveniently situated near the breech of the gun and not exposed to hostile fire.
In order to supply the ammunition sufficiently rapidly for the efficient service of modern guns, hydraulic, electric, or hand-power, hoists are employed to raise the cartridges and shell from the cartridge store and shell store to the gun floor, whence they are transferred to a derrick or loading tray attached to the mounting for loading the gun.
Projectiles for BL guns above 6 inch (152 mm) calibre are stored in shell stores ready filled and fuzed standing on their bases, except shrapnel and high-explosive shell, which are fuzed only when about to be used. Smaller sizes of shells are laid on their sides in layers, each layer pointing in the opposite direction to the one below to prevent injury to the driving bands. Cartridges are stored in brass corrugated cases or in zinc cylinders. The corrugated cases are stacked in layers in the magazine with the mouth of the case towards a passage between the stacks, so that it can be opened and the cartridges removed and transferred to a leather case when required for transport to the gun. Cylinders are stacked, when possible, vertically one above the other. The charges are sent to the gun in these cylinders, and provision is made for the rapid removal of the empty cylinders.
The number and nature of rounds allotted to any fortress depends on questions of policy and location, the degrees of resistance the nature of the works and personnel could reasonably be expected to give, and finally on the nature of the armament. That is to say, for guns of large calibre three hundred to four hundred rounds per gun might be sufficient, while for light QF guns it might amount to one thousand or more rounds per gun.
Modern era.
Modern ammunition includes not only shells for tube artillery and mortars, but increasingly aircraft-delivered bombs, smart bombs, rockets and other explosive-bearing projectiles. The destructive power and lethality of these systems may be difficult to appreciate; but forces in the fight see the accuracy as just another survival tool against the enemy. A single cluster bomb, deliverable by any of the above systems, can sow softball-sized bomblets across a 100-yard (90-m) American football–sized field in sufficient density to kill any personnel, even penetrating sandbagged trenches and body armour.
Operation Desert Storm saw widespread usage of cluster bombs—the Iraqi forces called them ""steel rain"". There is little doubt that their usage is also seen as a psychological tool. The aforementioned bomblets are armed upon dispersal by the spinning action which is hastened by a design resembling a "softball with small wings".
Design of the ammunition.
The design of the ammunition is determined by its purpose; anti-personnel ammunition is often designed to break up or tumble inside the target, in order to maximize the damage done. Anti-personnel shells contain shrapnel and are designed to explode in mid-air, so its fragments will spread over a large area. Armor-piercing ammunition tends to be hard, sharp, and narrow, often with lubrication. Incendiary projectiles include a material such as white phosphorus which burns fiercely. Tracer ammunition emits light as it travels, allowing the gunner to see the path of bullets in flight while using a machine gun.
Popular types of military rifle and machine gun ammunition include the 5.45 mm, 5.56 mm, and 7.62 mm. Main battle tanks use KE-penetrators to combat other MBTs and armoured fighting vehicles, and HE-Frag (High Explosive-Fragmentation) for soft targets such as infantry.
Components of ammunition.
The components of ammunition intended for rifles and munitions may be divided into these categories:
Fuzes.
The term "fuze" is used, by English speakers, to denote detonators for explosives, differentiating it from "fuses", which are either circuit breakers or a means of transmitting fire (e.g. the fuse on a firecracker).
Common artillery fuzes include point detonating, delay, time, and proximity. Point detonating fuzes detonate upon contact with the target. Delay fuzes are designed to penetrate a target before detonating. Time fuzes, as the name implies, detonate a certain time after being fired in order to achieve a burst at a specific time after being fired. Proximity fuzes contain a radio transceiver activated after firing to detonate the projectile when the signal reflected from the ground reaches a certain strength, e.g. 7 meters above the ground. Fuzes are usually armed by the acceleration of the projectile imparted by firing, and usually arm several meters after clearing the bore of the weapon.
Storage of ammunition.
See ammunition dump and magazine for discussion of modern ammunition storage facilities.
Firearms ammunition.
Ammunition for infantry refers to the ammunition carried by a typical foot (infantry) soldier. Someone serving in the infantry generally carries, in pouches, bandoliers, etc., one hundred rounds of small-arms ammunition (S.A.A.), and it is usual to supplement this, when an action is imminent, from the regimental reserve (see below).
Every reduction in the caliber (size) of the rifle's ammunition means an increase in the number of rounds carried. One hundred rounds of the Martini-Henry ammunition weighed 10 pounds 10 ounces (4.8 kg); the same weight gives 155 rounds of 0.303 in (7.7 mm) ammunition and at 0.256 in (6.5 mm) the number of rounds is still greater. The regimental reserves were historically carried in six S.A.A. carts and on eight pack animals. The six carts are distributed, one as reserve to the machine gun, three as reserve to the battalion itself, and two as part of the brigade reserve, which consists therefore of eight carts. The brigade reserve communicates directly with the brigade ammunition columns of the artillery (see below). The eight pack animals follow the eight companies of their battalion. These, with two out of the three battalion carts, endeavour to keep close to the firing line, the remaining cart being with the reserve companies. Men also are employed as carriers, and this duty is so onerous that picked men only are detailed. Gallantry displayed in bringing up ammunition is considered indeed to justify special rewards. The amount of S.A.A. in regimental charge is 100 rounds in the possession of each soldier, 2000 to 2200 on each pack animal, and 16,000 to 17,600 in each of four carts, with, in addition, about 4000 rounds with the machine gun and 16,000 more in the fifth cart.
Currently, every army of an internationally recognized country (except those who rely on others for defense, such as Andorra) has adopted assault rifles as the main infantry weapon.
In western (NATO) forces, the 7.62 mm NATO round has been mostly replaced by the lighter 5.56 mm NATO round, which is better suited for automatic fire than the larger round and allows each soldier to carry more ammunition. The larger caliber ammunition is still retained where range and weight of shot is important, e.g. machine guns and sniper rifles.
Other nations, especially forces with former ties to the Soviet Union tend to use rifles related to or developed from the AK-47 with similar sized rounds to the NATO ones. In 7.62x39mm and 5.45x39mm for assault rifles and 7.62x54mmR for sniper rifles and light machine guns.
Ordnance ammunition.
Artillery ordnance ammunition is classified in three types: fixed, semi-fixed and separate loading. Fixed and semi-fixed ammunition (rounds) appear in the form of a projectile mated with a cartridge case which contains the propellant and they resemble small arms rounds. The difference between fixed and semi-fixed ammunition is that the latter allows the propellant charge to be adjusted.
The canister is outfitted with a primer on its base which fires upon contact from the firing pin. Gunpowder, precision machined to burn evenly, is contained inside of cloth bags that are numbered. US/NATO 105 mm howitzers use semi-fixed ammunition, containing seven powder bags referred to as increments or charges. Putting the powder in bags allows the howitzer crew to remove the increments when firing at closer targets. The unused increments are disposed of by analysing burning in a powder pit at a safe distance from the guns.
Above a certain size, semi-fixed rounds are impracticable; the weight of the whole assembly is too much to be carried effectively. In this case separate loading ammunition is used: the projectile and propelling charge are supplied and loaded separately. The projectile is rammed home in the chamber, the powder charge(s) are loaded (usually by hand), then the breech is closed and the primer is inserted into the primer holder on the back the breech. Separate loading ammunition is typically used on 155 mm and larger howitzers. Several propellant types are available for 155 mm howitzer.
All normal projectiles arrive at the weapon with a plug in the fuze well on the nose of the projectile. Using a special fuze wrench, the plug is unscrewed and a fuze is screwed in. The decision as to which type of fuze to use is made by the fire direction center and carried out by the gun crew.
The armaments fitted to early tanks were contemporary field or naval artillery pieces and used the same ammunition. When tank versus tank combat became more important, and specific tank guns did not exist, it became common to adapt anti-aircraft guns (artillery) which fired shells of high velocity, which were needed for high altitude targets. As the armour applied to tanks increased, ammunition for tank use paralleled that of anti-tank guns. Current tank gun ammunition is a single fixed round ("shell" and charge combined in a single piece) for quick loading, the propellant is in a combustible case, thus negating empty shell casings. The primary anti-armor (anti-tank) warhead is the sabot round, a shaped charge or sensor fuzed warhead.
The tank made horse cavalry obsolete, and while an infantryman could deal with a horse-mounted enemy, new weapons were needed to defeat a tank or other armored fighting vehicle. The first anti-tank weapons given to the infantrymen were based upon small arms; for example the anti-tank rifle. As even the later designs of tanks carried more armour, the limit of a man-portable rifle that could fire a round with sufficient kinetic energy to penetrate the armour was reached.
The introduction of the shaped charge warhead gave the infantryman a weapon that used chemical energy rather than kinetic to penetrate armour in a focused manner, which made them more effective than large grenades. When propelled by a rocket, the shaped charge gained range as well. Weapons such as the US Bazooka and German Panzerfaust, although bulky, were suitable for infantry use—though they were designed to be short ranged weapons, which simplified accuracy for striking a vehicle's weak points.
After World War 2, the advent of the missile delivered both great range and accuracy and provided infantry with a weapon that could reliably destroy the heaviest tanks at long distances.
Today's infantryman can deploy sophisticated multi-spectral man-portable surface-to-air missiles equipped with the ability to reject decoys and defeat counter-measures.
Since aircraft are relatively light in weight, and delicate in construction, this, combined with their highly flammable fuel, made aircraft more susceptible to fatal damage since their first mass usage in World War I; sometimes being brought down by single bullet, when striking something vital in the airplane. The main weaknesses of ammunition provided to infantry to deal with aircraft were limited range and small warheads; both due to the necessity of maintaining man-portable weapons.
An example of a modern surface to air missile for infantry is the FIM-92 Stinger MANPADS (Man Portable Air Defence System), provided as an all-up round in a canister it is attached to a launcher unit and is ready to expend. Numerous other missiles in this class exist from different nations of origin. Infantry machine guns and rifles may improve their ability against aircraft by utilising tracer ammunition, to allow the aimer to better gauge the lead aim necessary to strike his target.
Weapons developed primarily for anti-tank roles can add proximity fusing to increase the probability of a kill by having the warhead detonate nearby the target without having to make contact.
Naval ammunition.
The ranges at which engagements are conducted by warships are typically much greater than that at which land warfare is observed. However, many exceptions can occur. The targets are also generally machines, not men. Naval ammunition is therefore optimized for great velocity (to reach those great ranges, to hit aircraft flying at altitude and also with the benefit of reducing the lead that has to be applied to hit a distant moving target) and to disable said machines, rather than rending human flesh. Naval gun ammunition of World War II vintage came in two main varieties, armor-piercing shells to attack hardened warships or high explosive incendiary shells (with point detonating fuses to start fires on ships, or mechanical time fuses designed to fragment and create clouds of shrapnel to defeat aircraft). With the demise of the armored warship, contemporary naval gun ammunition is solely the high explosive variety, but new fuses and guidance options are available to increase lethality, especially against high speed missile or aircraft threats.
Supply of ammunition in the field.
With every successive improvement in military arms there has necessarily been a corresponding modification in the method of supplying ammunition and in the quantity required to be supplied. When hand-to-hand weapons were the principal implements of battle, there was no such need. But in the Middle Ages, the archers and crossbowmen had to replenish the shafts and bolts expended in action, and during a siege, stone bullets of great size, as well as heavy arrows, were freely used. The missiles of those days were however interchangeable, and at the Battle of Towton (1461), part of the Wars of the Roses, the commander of the Yorkist archers induced the enemy to loose arrows in order to obtain them for future use, similarly to a story in the "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" (孔明借箭). This interchangeability of war material was even possible for many centuries after the invention of firearms. At the Battle of Liegnitz (1760) a general officer was specially commissioned by Frederick II of Prussia to pack up and send away, for Prussian use, all the muskets and ammunition left on the field of battle by the defeated Austrians.
In earlier periods of warfare, captured material was often utilized. In the First Sino-Japanese War, the Japanese went so far as to prepare beforehand spare parts for the Chinese guns they expected to capture. By the end of the 19th century, it was rare to find a modern army trusting to captures for arms and ammunition; almost the only instance of the practice from that time was that of the 1891 Chilean Civil War in which the army of one belligerent was almost totally dependent upon this means of replenishing stores of arms and cartridges. What was possible with weapons of comparatively rough make is no longer to be thought of in the case of modern arms.
After World War II, the widespread availability of mass-produced small arms have resulted in many conflicts in which both sides use the same weapons (e.g. the AK-47) and ammunition types, making captured ammunition once again a potentially important consideration.
Ammunition sabotage.
As an unconventional warfare tactic, parties to an armed conflict may attempt to supply ammunition to their opponents that has been sabotaged such that some rounds explode when fired, disabling the weapon and killing or injuring its user. Apart from the direct damage so inflicted, this tactic has the advantage of undermining the enemy's confidence in their ammunition supply. Sabotaging ammunition is not without drawbacks, however: it involves the supply of some working ammunition to the enemy, and it incurs the risk that the sabotaged ammunition may find its way to friendly troops. Over time, the enemy may also become aware of the deception and find ways to identify the sabotaged rounds.
Because of its indiscriminate nature, the use of sabotaged ammunition is not widespread in warfare, and its legality under the laws of warfare is uncertain. It has, however, found use in several modern conflicts. In World War II, it was used by the British and German forces. During the Vietnam War, Project Eldest Son was a U.S. effort to leak sabotaged AK-47 ammunition to the Vietcong. The tactic was likely also used by Soviet forces in the Afghan civil war in the 1980s. In the most recent phase of that war, U.S. forces have sabotaged mortar rounds intended for use by the insurgent Taliban. And in the ongoing Syrian civil war, the tactic has been reported to be used by government forces.

</doc>
<doc id="18940624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940624" title="Amnesty">
Amnesty

Amnesty (from the Greek "ἀμνηστία" "amnestia" (Amnesty, Wm Chrichton Μεγα Ελληνο-Αγγλικον Λεξικον 1960) is defined as:
""A pardon extended by the government to a group or class of persons, usually for a political offense; the act of a sovereign power officially forgiving certain classes of persons who are subject to trial but have not yet been convicted.""
It includes more than pardon, in as much as it obliterates all legal remembrance of the offense. Amnesty is more and more used to express 'freedom' and the time when prisoners can go free.
Amnesties, which in the United Kingdom may be granted by the crown or by an act of Parliament, were formerly usual on coronations and similar occasions, but are chiefly exercised towards associations of political criminals, and are sometimes granted absolutely, though more frequently there are certain specified exceptions. Thus, in the case of the earliest recorded amnesty, that of Thrasybulus at Athens, the thirty tyrants and a few others were expressly excluded from its operation; and the amnesty proclaimed on the restoration of Charles II of England did not extend to those who had taken part in the execution of his father. Other famous amnesties include: Napoleon's amnesty of March 13, 1815 from which thirteen eminent persons, including Talleyrand, were exempt; the Prussian amnesty of August 10, 1840; the general amnesty proclaimed by the emperor Franz Josef I of Austria in 1857; the general amnesty granted by President of the United States, Andrew Johnson, after the American Civil War (1861-April 9, 1865), in 1868, and the French amnesty of 1905. Amnesty in U.S. politics in 1872 meant restoring the right to vote and hold office to ex-Confederates, which was achieved by act of Congress. Those were true amnesties, pardoning past violations without changing the laws violated.
The last act of amnesty passed in Great Britain was that of 1747, which pardoned those who had taken part in the 1745 Jacobite Rising.
The Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 signed into law by President Ronald Reagan on November 6, 1986 granted amnesty to about 3 million illegal immigrants in the United States.
On January 2, 2014, the New York Times called on the United States to grant amnesty to Edward Snowden, the fugitive who stole U.S. state secrets when working for an NSA contractor and released them to the world.
Purposes.
An amnesty may be extended when the authority decides that bringing citizens into compliance with a law is more important than punishing them for past offenses. Amnesty after a war helps end a conflict. While laws against treason, sedition, etc. are retained to discourage future traitors during future conflicts, it makes sense to forgive past offenders, after the enemy no longer exists which had attracted their support but a significant number remains in flight from authorities. Amnesty is often used to get people to turn in contraband, as in the case of China's gun restrictions, or the Kansas City ban on pit bulls.
Advantages of using amnesty may include avoiding expensive prosecutions (especially when massive numbers of violators are involved); prompting violators to come forward who might otherwise have eluded authorities; and promoting reconciliation between offenders and society. An example of the latter was the amnesty that was granted to conscientious objectors and draft dodgers in the wake of the Vietnam War in the 1970s, in an effort by President Carter to heal war wounds. (There was no longer a war to protest, and there was no longer a draft to dodge.)
An example of an argument made for amnesty for undocumented immigrants is that they would be allowed to qualify for higher paying jobs, scholarships, and other services. According to the Center for Study of Immigration Integration, if California alone were to adopt an amnesty program, they would benefit by $16 billion (Pastor, 2010).
With amnesty, immigrants can seek out higher education. A RAND study found that, by the age of 30, a Mexican immigrant woman who becomes a legal resident can obtain a college degree. With a college degree she will pay $5,300 more in taxes and cost $3,900 less in government expenses each year compared to a high-school dropout with similar characteristics. Workers who lacked a high-school diploma in 2006 earned an average of only $419 per week and had an unemployment rate of 6.8 percent. In contrast, workers with a bachelor’s degree earned $962 per week and had an unemployment rate of 2.3 percent, while those with a doctorate earned $1,441 and had an unemployment rate of only 1.4 percent (Gonzales, 2010).
Changing a law is a better way to achieve whatever benefit an amnesty offers, if a nation determines that the law has made criminals of people who have done no harm, or deprived the nation of a benefit, and will in the future. Changing a law allows new conditions and requirements, offering more control over the results of any change, than amnesty.
Controversy.
Amnesty can at times raise questions of justice. An example was the Ugandan government's offer not to prosecute alleged war criminal Joseph Kony, in hopes that further bloodshed would be avoided. David Smock noted, "The downside of it is the impunity that it implies; that people can commit atrocities and say that they will only stop if they are given amnesty..."
A controversial issue in the United States is whether illegal immigrants should be granted some form of amnesty. It is proposed that illegal immigrants be able to come forward and immediately receive probationary status. This is criticized as being a reward for breaking the law. California Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said an amnesty program similar to the one the federal government undertook in the late 1980s would be ill-advised today. It just didn't work. "It backfired big-time. It sent the wrong message: You come here illegally, and then we go and give you amnesty. So then, the next million come and they say, 'Hey, we get amnesty, this is really terrific (Press, 2005).
Some allege that at the national level an amnesty program would cost $2.6 trillion (Rector, 2007). This would only include the costs for the first year. The Federal Government would need to hire additional workers to help register immigrants, increasing costs for labor and or facilities. It is also alleged that an amnesty program would draw far more immigrants into the U.S. to receive amnesty, so the costs would continue to increase.
Some allege that due to the large number of illegal immigrants residing in the U.S., the government had to hire outside contractors. This led to mass cases of fraudulent activity. Illegal immigrants were paying off workers to falsify information, grant amnesty for family and or friends, and providing other relevant services. In 1986 it was found that 2.6 million immigrants received amnesty fraudulently Because of the effects of the past amnesty policy, many fear that an attempt to implement another amnesty policy would be a failure. Opponents of an amnesty policy feel that a similar situation to that of 1986 would occur, with bribery and registering of unqualified immigrants.
Controversies also raise towards amnesties given to alleged perpetrators of the most serious crimes of international law (or crimes of the "Jus Cogens" which include genocide, crimes against humanity, war crimes, and aggression). Courts have rejected amnesties for such crimes, such as the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia and the Special Court for Sierra Leone. But scholars have suggested that there should be room for amnesties which were imperative necessities to achieve peace and accompanied by effective Truth and Reconciliation Commissions. One particular case was in Uruguay: the controversial Law on the Expiration of the Punitive Claims of the State pretended to put an end to unsolved issues deriving from 12 years of civic-military dictatorship; local human rights organizations challenged that law and called a referendum in 1989 which confirmed the law by 56% of the popular vote.

</doc>
<doc id="18940639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940639" title="Anthony Head">
Anthony Head

Anthony Stewart Head (born 20 February 1954) is an English actor and musician. He rose to fame in the UK following his role in the Gold Blend couple television advertisements for Nescafé Gold Blend (Taster's Choice in the U.S.), and is known for his roles as Rupert Giles in "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and as Uther Pendragon in "Merlin".
Early life.
Head was born in Camden Town, London. His father was Seafield Laurence Stewart Murray Head (1919–2009), a documentary filmmaker and a founder of Verity Films, and his mother was actress Helen Shingler. They had married in 1944 in Watford. His older brother is actor and singer Murray Head. Both brothers have played the part of Freddie Trumper in the musical "Chess" at the Prince Edward Theatre, London, with Murray a part of the original cast in 1986, whilst Anthony was in the final cast in 1989.
Career.
Head was educated at Sunbury Grammar School and London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art (LAMDA). 
In discussing why he chose acting as a career, in an interview in 2013 he said that 'When it’s in your family, it’s a choice, it’s there. It’s not a jump to say: ‘I want to act.’ When I was six I was in a little show my mother’s friends organised, playing the Emperor in The Emperor’s New Clothes. I remember thinking: ‘This is the business, this is what I want to do.’ 
His first role was in the musical "Godspell"; this led to roles in television on both BBC and ITV, one of his earliest being an appearance in the series "Enemy at the Door" (ITV, 1978–1980). In the early 1980s he sang with the band Red Box. In the late 1980s, he appeared in a storyline series of twelve coffee commercials with Sharon Maughan for Nescafé Gold Blend. (A version made for North America featured the American brand name Taster's Choice.) The soap opera nature of the commercials brought him wider recognition, along with a part in the Children's ITV comedy drama "Woof!"
Head played Frank N. Furter in the 1990–91 West End revival of "The Rocky Horror Show" at London's Piccadilly Theatre, with Craig Ferguson as Brad Majors. In 1991 Head's rendition of "Sweet Transvestite" was released as a single by Chrysalis Records. Head played the role again in the summer of 1995 at London's Duke of York's Theatre, a 3 May 2006 tribute show at London's Royal Court Theatre, and a 14 October 2000 production at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas, Nevada.
Success on the stage and a number of brief appearances on American television, such as in the short-lived "VR.5", led to accepting the role of Rupert Giles in "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" in 1997. For this role he lived full-time in the United States during the late 1990s and early 2000s, although his family continued to live in the UK. Head left the regular cast of "Buffy" during the show's sixth season and subsequently appeared several times as a guest star through the conclusion of the series. In many interviews at the time, Head said he left the show in order to spend more time with his family, having realised that he had spent most of the year outside Britain, which added up to more than half his youngest daughter's life.
Early to mid-2000s.
In 2002, he co-starred in the BBC Two television series "Manchild", a show centred around four friends approaching their fifties who try to recapture their fading youth and vitality while dealing with life as 'mature' men. He also appeared in guest roles in various other dramas, such as "Silent Witness", "", and "Spooks". He appeared in the 4th series of the British hit sitcom "My Family" in 2003 playing one of the main character's (Abi's) father in the episode "May the Best Man Win". He was featured as the Prime Minister in the popular BBC comedy sketch show "Little Britain" from 2003 to 2005, and guest starred in several episodes of the 2004 series of popular drama "Monarch of the Glen".
Outside of television work, he has released an album of songs with musician George Sarah entitled "Music for Elevators". Early in his career he provided vocals for some of the tracks on the Chris de Burgh album "The Getaway" and the reading from "The Tempest" on "Don't Pay the Ferryman".
In 2001, he appeared in a special webcast version of the popular British science fiction series "Doctor Who", a story called "Death Comes to Time", in which he played the Time Lord Valentine. He also guest starred in the "Excelis Trilogy", a series of "Doctor Who" audio adventures produced by Big Finish Productions, and in 2005 narrated the two-part documentary "Project: WHO?", detailing the television revival of the series, for BBC Radio 2 (and released to CD in 2006 by BBC Audio). In April 2006 he appeared as a school's alien headmaster, Mr. Finch, in an episode of the second series entitled "School Reunion". Soon after, he recorded an abridged audio book of the "Doctor Who" novel "The Nightmare of Black Island" by Mike Tucker. He narrated the third and fourth series of "Doctor Who Confidential". He also voiced the character Baltazar, Scourge of the Universe (an evil space pirate searching for the Infinite), in the first ever animated "Doctor Who" special, "The Infinite Quest". Head had previously auditioned for the role of the Eighth Doctor for the 1996 television film, but lost out to Paul McGann.
In early 2006, he appeared in an episode of "Hotel Babylon", a BBC One drama set in a hotel, in which he played a suicidal man who recovers and lands a music deal. The same year he filmed a pilot for a new show entitled "Him and Us", loosely based on the life of openly gay rock star Elton John, for American TV channel ABC, co-starring Kim Cattrall. In July he appeared as Captain Hook at the "Children's Party at the Palace", a live pantomime staged in the grounds of Buckingham Palace as part of Queen Elizabeth II's 80th birthday celebrations. In October 2006, he voiced Ponsonby, leader of MI6, in "Destroy All Humans! 2".
Late 2000s.
At Comic-Con International in 2007, Joss Whedon said talks were almost completed for a 90-minute "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" spin-off, "Ripper", as a BBC special, with both Head and the BBC on board.
In 2007, he portrayed Stockard Channing's gay brother in the English film "Sparkle" and appeared as Mr Colubrine in the ITV1 comedy drama "Sold". Head also appeared as Sir Walter Elliot in "Persuasion". Head also narrated a BBC behind-the-scenes programme for the American television series "Heroes", "Heroes Unmasked". He has also been seen as Maurice Riley in the BBC Drama "The Invisibles" alongside Warren Clarke.
After seeing Anthony Head in the Buffy musical episode, "Once More With Feeling", "Saw" director Darren Lynn Bousman cast him in his 21st century rock opera, "Repo! The Genetic Opera". Head plays the film's grim reaper, an organ repossession man doing the bidding of an out of control biotech company called GeneCo. "Anthony Head was my number one choice for Repo Man from the very beginning", said Bousman in an interview shortly before the film's release on 7 November 2008. The film also stars musical legend Sarah Brightman and paparazzi favourite Paris Hilton.
Head has also performed for radio, taking two of the lead roles—arch-villain Mr Gently Benevolent, and his descendant, journalist Jeremy Sourquill—in the BBC Radio 4 comedy series, "Bleak Expectations" (five series, 2007–12).
Head was part of the regular cast of the BBC drama series "Merlin", which derives its title from the mythical wizard of the same name. Head played King Uther Pendragon, the father of Prince Arthur.
Head also provides voice-over work in the Nintendo Wii video game, "Flip's Twisted World", developed by Frozen North Productions.
Personal life.
Head lives near Bath, Somerset, with his partner Sarah Fisher and has two daughters, Emily, born in December 1988, and Daisy, born in 1991, who are both actresses. On "Saturday Kitchen", in September 2010, Head declared he is a pescetarian, he later clarified that statement in a tweet on 23 October 2012; in reply to the question "I read on Wikipedia that you're a pescetarian. Is that true?" he replied, "Ovopescolactarian xxx"
External links.
Articles and interviews

</doc>
<doc id="18940646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18940646" title="No Orchids for Miss Blandish (film)">
No Orchids for Miss Blandish (film)

No Orchids for Miss Blandish (US re-release title Black Dice) is a 1948 British gangster film adapted and directed by St. John Legh Clowes from the novel of the same name by James Hadley Chase. It starred Linden Travers, Jack La Rue, Walter Crisham, MacDonald Parke, Lilli Molnar and Hugh McDermott, with an unbilled early appearance from Sid James as a barman. It is considered by many to be one of the worst films of all time.
Plot summary.
Miss Blandish, a sheltered heiress (Linden Travers), is targeted for a simple robbery by a cheap thug who ultimately involves two groups of rival gangsters, their goal being her $100,000 diamond jewellery. The robbery is botched when Riley (Richard Nielson) kills the bridegroom and the three would-be robbers decide to kidnap Miss Blandish for ransom instead (her papa is worth $100 million). The three original kidnappers are killed, and Blandish ends up hostage of the Bailey gang. Papa puts a private detective on the case. The rival Grisson gang, led by Ma Grisson (Lilli Molnar), intends to collect the ransom and kill Blandish rather than take the risk of releasing her. Meanwhile Slim Grisson (Jack La Rue) and Blandish fall in love and plan on running off together to flee both the police and the Bailey gang. Blandish sends the diamonds to her father with a note she is in love with Slim, but he refuses to believe it. Ma Grisson is shot by rival gangsters when she cannot get Slim to the phone. The police surround the cabin where Slim and Miss Blandish are holed up and machinegun Slim down, "rescuing" the kidnap victim and returning her safely home. At the end of the movie, she throws herself from her balcony in sorrow over the loss of Slim.
Reception.
The film, about a kidnapped heiress who falls in love with her abductor, caused enormous controversy on its release, because of the high levels of violence that had got past the film censors. Though made with a largely British cast, it was set in New York, with the actors often struggling with their American accents. (Ironically, the one American in the cast, LaRue, affected a slight Italian accent.)
"No Orchids for Miss Blandish" received strong criticism for its treatment of violence and sexuality, with 
the Monthly Film Bulletin calling it "the most sickening exhibition of brutality, perversion, sex and sadism ever to be shown on a cinema screen". "The Observer" reviewer, C. A. Lejeune, described the film as "this repellent piece of work" that "scraped up all the droppings of the nastier type of Hollywood movie".
"No Orchids for Miss Blandish" was also denounced by the Bishop of London, William Wand, and several UK politicians, including Edith Summerskill. Despite this condemnation, the film was commercially successful.
Leslie Halliwell would later describe "No Orchids for Miss Blandish" as a ""hilariously awful gangster film...one of the worst films ever made"".
"Leonard Maltin's Classic Movie Guide" states "No Orchids for Miss Blandish" "aspires to be a Hollywood "film noir" and misses by a mile".
Other versions.
It was remade in the U.S. by Robert Aldrich in 1971 as "The Grissom Gang".

</doc>
