<doc id="18954043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954043" title="Lower Snake Falls (Burlington, Ontario)">
Lower Snake Falls (Burlington, Ontario)

Lower Snake Falls is a 5 metre high cascade waterfall found in the "Smokey Hollow Resource Management Area" in Burlington, Ontario, Canada. Lower and Snake Falls are based in Burlington but the property there is owned by the City of Hamilton, Ontario. 
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Rock Chapel Golf Course, Royal Botanical Gardens, Waterdown Memorial Park.
Directions.
From Highway 403 take the Highway 6 North (Guelph) exit and travel approximately 3 kilometres to Highway 5 East ("Dundas Street East"). Turn right on Highway 5 East and then turn right onto "Mill Street" before the railway tracks. After the overhead railway bridge the Smokey Hollow Resource Management Area parking lot will be on the right. Follow the Bruce Trail to the tributary junction. The waterfall is at this junction.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18954044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954044" title="List of butterflies of North America (Pieridae)">
List of butterflies of North America (Pieridae)

Whites and Sulphurs are small to medium sized butterflies. Their wingspans range from 0.8-4.0 inches (2-10.2 cm). There are about 1,000 species worldwide with about 61 species in North America. Most Whites and Sulphurs are white, yellow, and orange with some black, and some may be various shades of gray-green. Their flight is mostly slow and fluttering, but some of the larger species have quicker flights. Both males and females like to feed at flowers, while males also like to puddle on damp ground. Male Whites and Sulphurs locate females by patrolling. The eggs are spindle-shaped and laid singly. Most of the long-slender larva are green or yellow. The chrysalis is usually triangular or cone-headed. It hangs up right supported by a silken loop around the middle. The overwintering varies with species. It may be larva, chrysalis, or adult.

</doc>
<doc id="18954061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954061" title="Museums &amp; Galleries Yearbook">
Museums &amp; Galleries Yearbook

The Museums & Galleries Yearbook (aka Museums Yearbook) is produced annually by the Museums Association in the United Kingdom. 
It is the largest catalogue of museums and galleries available in the UK and includes over 3,000 entries. Each entry covers staff names, their job details, collections information, web/email addresses, and telephone/fax numbers.
The Yearbook also provides contact details for national, regional, and international cultural organizations.
Editions.
The Yearbook appears annually, for example:

</doc>
<doc id="18954071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954071" title="Lady Godiva of Coventry">
Lady Godiva of Coventry

Lady Godiva of Coventry is an American historical drama film, directed by Arthur Lubin and released in 1955. It starred Maureen O'Hara in the title role. English actor Alec Harford who portrayed Tom the Tailor died eight months before the film's release. 
Synopsis.
The movie is set in 11th-Century England. King Edward the Confessor (Eduard Franz) wants Saxon Lord Leofric (George Nader), who rules Coventry, to marry a Norman woman, Yolanda. When he refuses, he is sentenced to jail, where he meets Godiva (Maureen O'Hara), the sheriff's sister. The two fall in love and soon they are wed. The times are turbulent and Godiva proves a militant bride; unhistorically, unrest between the Anglo-Saxon populace and the increasingly influential Norman French led to her famous ride. 
The plot is quite notable by the striking leadership qualities of the Maureen O'Hara role. Released in 1955, late in the epoch of this style of historical adventure there are some playful subtleties, a touching opportunity to see the 69 year old McLaglen in a competent action role. and a very striking example of an archery 'trick-shot'.
Production.
Jeff Chandler was originally announced as male star.

</doc>
<doc id="18954079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954079" title="Mount Ararat (Pennsylvania)">
Mount Ararat (Pennsylvania)

Mount Ararat is the highest point in Wayne County, and one of the higher points in the eastern part of Pennsylvania. Mount Ararat is located in the Glaciated Low Plateaus section of Pennsylvania's geology. This section is characterized with low rolling hills and modest relief. This summit is of low relief but stands as a peak above the countryside. 
The west and north sides of Mount Ararat drain into the East Branch of the Lackawanna River, thence into the Susquehanna River, and into Chesapeake Bay. 
The east side of Ararat drains into the West Branch of the Lackawaxen River, thence into the Delaware River, and into Delaware Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="18954080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954080" title="Foster S. Dennis House">
Foster S. Dennis House

The Foster S. Dennis House is a Queen Anne style house located in Kingman, Arizona. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Description.
The Foster S. Dennis House is located at corner of Second and Park Streets in Kingman, Arizona. The home was built in 1889 in Queen Anne Style architecture. There are shingles on the adobe. Mr. Dennis came to Arizona in 1883 as a miner. He set up a pipeline for water to Kingman from Beale Springs. He was Mohave County Treasurer for several terms and served in the Arizona Territorial Legislature for 1891-92. This house is on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18954102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954102" title="Gotland (sheep)">
Gotland (sheep)

The Gotland, also called the Gotland Pelt (Swedish: Pälsfår), is a breed of domestic sheep named for the Swedish island of Gotland. A breed of Northern European short-tailed sheep, they are thought to be the product of crossbreeding between the native landrace of the island — called the Gute — with Karakuls and Romanovs during the 1920s and 30s. 
Primitive horned Gute sheep still exist on the island of Gotland today, though they are now rare. The main differences between the original Gute and the improved Gotlands are that the latter are entirely polled and have more uniform confirmation and fleeces. The improved Gotland sheep may be found in Sweden, Great Britain, Denmark, the Netherlands, New Zealand and Australia. Through the use of artificial insemination starting in 2003, Gotland sheep are being established in the United States of America through two breed associations: the American Gotland Sheep Society and the Gotland Sheep Breeders Association of North America. They are a truly dual-purpose breed, being raised both for their excellent fleece and for their tender and tasty meat.
Breed characteristics.
Gotland sheep are fine-boned and of medium size. Gotlands are polled and have no wool on their black heads and legs. Sometimes there may be white markings on the top of the head or around the nose and mouth. They have alert medium-sized ears that stand outwards with a small neat muzzle, an even jaw and even teeth. Their slender neck and shoulders set smoothly into a level back with good depth and reasonable breadth of body. The slender legs are well spaced and upright. The tail is short with a hair-covered tip. The fleece is fine, long, lustrous and dense and can be all shades of grey from silver to charcoal grey and dark enough to be almost black. They have a clearly defined even curl (purl) and staple that is soft to the touch. Their disposition is docile and friendly. The fleece is typically 29 to 34 micrometres in diameter. Lambswool can be in the low to mid 20s micrometre range. The fleece is prized in the United States by hand-spinners and in Europe they are most desired for their pelts.

</doc>
<doc id="18954103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954103" title="Williamsport Tomahawks">
Williamsport Tomahawks

The Williamsport Tomahawks were the Class AA Eastern League affiliate of the Cleveland Indians in Williamsport, Pennsylvania during the 1976 season. The franchise moved to Williamsport from Thetford Mines, Quebec where they were known as the Thetford Mines Miners. The Tomahawks finished the season with a record of 48-91, worst in the league. Despite the lackluster record, the team had a total attendance of 53,757 at Bowman Field, which placed them 4th in an 8 team league. 
Before the next season, the Tomahawks moved to Jersey City, New Jersey as the Jersey City Indians, due to conflicts between ownership and the Williamsport municipal government over beer sales and field maintenance issues. Members of the Tomahawks who would go on to have lengthy careers in the Major Leagues included Alfredo Griffin, Ron Hassey and Larry Andersen.

</doc>
<doc id="18954112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954112" title="Dr. David S. Livingston House">
Dr. David S. Livingston House

Dr. David S. Livingston House is at 222 Topeka Street, Kingman, Arizona. The house was built in 1889. The home is of Colonial Revival style. He was an early Kingman Doctor and he was the railroads division surgeon. He later moved to Prescott in 1891. The house is on the National Register of Historical Places and the number is 86001158.

</doc>
<doc id="18954135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954135" title="Alan Mann Racing">
Alan Mann Racing

Alan Mann Racing was a British motor racing team organized by Alan Mann (22 August 1936 – 21 March 2012), who was a part-time racing driver and team manager. The team ran a substantial part of the Ford works racing effort in Europe from 1964 to 1969, when it ceased operations. It was based in Byfleet, Surrey, near the Brooklands race circuit. 
History.
Alan Mann ran Ford Zephyrs and Anglias in 1962 under the entrant of Andrews Garage in British saloon car races. In 1963 he prepared a Ford Cortina GT under Alan Andrews Racing for Henry Taylor in racing and rallying in a quasi-Ford Team.
His team was included to run a Ford Cortina GT in the 3rd running of the Marlboro 12 hour, at Marlboro Motor Raceway, US, in August 1963 with the express purpose of winning its class, as Volvo was reaping publicity from a string of victories. His Cortina, driven by Henry Taylor and Jimmy Blumer, came second to another Cortina of John Willment Automobiles driven by Jack Sears and Bob Olthoff, which won the race overall. This made an impression on John Holman of Holman & Moody, Ford's top racing team in the US, who had already sold Willment a Ford Galaxie and this subsequently attracted more of Ford’s attention.
For 1964 Alan Mann Racing became a Ford factory team. The team ran cars in events as diverse as the Monte Carlo Rally and the Tour de France Automobile to the 24 Hours of Le Mans. Shelby won the Over 2000cc Division of the 1965 International Championship for GT Manufacturers with Cobra Daytona and Cobra roadster models entered by various teams, including Alan Mann Racing. 
The team’s red and gold livery graced various Ford models including GT40, Cortina, Falcon, and Escort. The Ford F3L prototype was built and raced by Alan Mann Racing. Some of the best drivers of the period from Graham Hill and Sir Jackie Stewart to Sir John Whitmore and Frank Gardner raced for the team, which achieved substantial successes in many different forms of the sport.
AMR built the original Chitty Chitty Bang Bangs for the film Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, the most famous example being the one registered as Gen 11.
Major victories.
The team was resurrected in 2004 by Alan Mann, and is active in historic racing.

</doc>
<doc id="18954137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954137" title="List of shipwrecks in 1971">
List of shipwrecks in 1971

The list of shipwrecks in 1971 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1971.
August.
19 August.
Declared a constructive total loss and sold for scrap.

</doc>
<doc id="18954155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954155" title="Playtime Is Over">
Playtime Is Over

Playtime Is Over or Playtime's Over may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18954164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954164" title="Albatros B.III">
Albatros B.III

The Albatros B.III was a German World War I reconnaissance biplane, built by Albatros Flugzeugwerke.
Development and design.
The B.III was a development of the successful B.I and B.II. The pilots downward view was improved by adopting the wing layout of the Nieuport aircraft. The fuselage was similar to the predecessors, semi-monocoque with wooden longerons and formers covered by plywood. The undercarriage was unchanged.
Operational history.
Some of the following data is incorrect - possibly from D III, not B III
The B.III entered service with "Jasta" 11 in January 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="18954177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954177" title="Hubbs House">
Hubbs House

Hubbs House is at 4th & Golconda Streets in Kingman, Arizona. The home was built in 1893 and is of the Queen Anne style. Harvey Hubbs most likely designed the home, John Mulligan & William Aitken were the contractors. Early adobe construction, the home had adobe with clapboard siding. House consider upper class on the south side of Kingman. Harvey Hubbs and his family are an important Kingman family. Hubbs had a business on Front Street known as Hubbs House which burned down in the Kingman Fire of 1898. The home today is owned by the City of Kingman and is used by Head Start. The house is on the National Register of Historic Places and the number is 78001149.

</doc>
<doc id="18954228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954228" title="22nd Marine Regiment (United States)">
22nd Marine Regiment (United States)

The 22nd Marine Regiment (22nd Marines) is an inactive United States Marine Corps infantry regiment. The 22nd Marines was activated in June 1942 during World War II. The Marine regiment was under the command of a Task Force, the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade, and the 6th Marine Division, fighting in the battles of Eniwetok, Guam, and Okinawa. The regiment served in Northern China following the war and were subsequently deactivated in March 1946.
The 22nd Marines was reactivated at Marine Corps Base Quantico, Virginia in 1947 and was fully deactivated in October 1949.
Regiment components.
The 22nd Marine Regiment was composed of three infantry battalions and one headquarters battalion. The 22nd Marines initially also had a "2nd Separate Howizer Battalion" which would eventually become a battalion within the 15th Marine Regiment of the 6th Marine Division upon its formation.
History.
Activation.
The 22nd Marine Regiment was activated on June 1, 1942 at Camp Elliot in San Diego, California (Linda Vista tent area) — the first infantry regiment (Regimental Combat Team) designated as an "independent" unit after the start of World War II. On June 18, the 22nd Marines embarked for the Pacific theater, where the regiment was used for island defense while doing small unit training for about a year and a half — first in the jungles of western Samoa and then beginning in November 1943, Maui, Hawaii and Wallis Island — before seeing combat in February 1944.
Marshall Islands: Battle of Eniwetok.
On February 18, 1944, the 22nd Marines under the command of Colonel John T. Walker, participated in the Battle of Eniwetok, in the northwest area of the Marshall Islands, capturing the islands of Engebi in 6 hours, Eniwetok Atoll on February 21 with the 1st and 3rd Battalions of the 106th Infantry Regiment of the 27th Infantry Division, and Parry on February 22. The 22nd Marine proceeded to take Kwajalein and Roi-Namur from March 7 to April 5. This was the first Marine Corps unit to formally employ fire team tactics in combat. On April 6, the Marine regiment was sent to Guadalcanal for rest, replacements, and further training.
Southern Solomon Islands, Guadalcanal.
1st Provisional Marine Brigade.
It was discovered on Guadalcanal that some 1800+ members of the 22nd Marines had been infected while they were training in Samoa in 1942 and 1943 with the slow manifesting tropical disease Filariasis, which causes Elephantiasis. The Marine regiment was replaced with 500 Marines and Navy corpsmen that were excess with the 3rd Marine Division and replacements from the United States. This greatly reduced the number of experienced Marines, corpsmen, and leaders within the regiment just prior to the Battle of Guam in July. For the invasion of the Island of Guam, the 4th Marine Regiment, 22nd Marine Regiment, and the Army's 305th Infantry Regiment, formed the core of the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade which was reactivated on April 18, 1944, on Guadalcanal.
Mariana Islands: Battle of Guam.
On July 21, 1944, the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade assaulted and landed south of the Orote Peninsula on Guam, the largest island of the Mariana Islands. The 3rd Marine Division landed north of the peninsula. The 1st Battalion, 22nd Marines landed on Beach Yellow 1 which was just north of the City of Agat, 2nd Battalion, 22nd Marines came ashore on Yellow 2, and the 3rd Battalion, 22nd Marines held in reserve landed on Yellow 1. In about 20 days of fighting the island was declared free of organized resistance. On August 23, the 4th and 22nd Marine Regiments sailed back to Guadalcanal. 
Guadalcanal.
6th Marine Division.
The 1st Provisional Marine Brigade was disbanded in September 1944 on Guadalcanal. The 4th Marines, 22nd Marines, and the 1st Battalion, 29th Marines along with supporting units and the 2nd and 3rd Battalions, 29th Marines from the United States were joined in September to form the 6th Marine Division on Guadalcanal which was activated on September 25.
Ryukyu Islands (Japan): Battle of Okinawa.
On April 1, 1945, during the invasion of Okinawa, the 22nd Marines landed on Green Beach where they secured the left flank of the landing force. Following the landing they pushed north with the rest of the 6th Marine Division and secured the northern portion of the island. On 13 April, the 2nd Battalion, 22nd Marines reached Hedo-Misaki at the northernmost tip of the island. They were eventually pulled down south and placed in the line to the right of the 1st Marine Division where they would eventually secure the city of Naha while taking very heavy casualties. On May 16, the 22nd Marines was ordered to capture Sugar Loaf Hill which was captured with the 29th Marines in two days. After the fighting on Okinawa on June 21, the 22nd Marines was moved to Guam to rest and refit. 
Northern China.
While recuperating on Guam, the war ended on September 2, 194. The 22nd Marines received a warning order for it to prepare to move to China. The entire 6th Marine Division was sent to Northern China with the main mission of accepting the surrender of Japanese forces there and helping to repatriate those soldiers and other Japanese nationals back to Japan. The 22nd Marines landed in Tsingtao on October 11, 1945 and were still there on March 26, 1946 when the 6th division was officially deactivated.
Reactivation & deactivation.
The 22nd Marines was reactivated as School Demonstration Troops at Marine Corps Schools, Quantico, Virginia, on 1 September 1947. Among its duties was training new Marine Corps Officers at The Basic School, Quantico,VA. The regiment was fully deactivated on 17 October 1949.
Medal of Honor recipients.
Three Marines and one Navy corpsman who was assigned to the 22nd Marines were awarded the Medal of Honor:
Posthumous
Unit decorations & other awards.
A unit citation or unit commendation are unit decorations bestowed upon an organization for the action cited. Members of the unit who participated in said actions are allowed to wear the appropriate unit award ribbon on their uniforms. Members of the 22nd Marine Regiment are entitled to the following service ribbons in the order of precedence:

</doc>
<doc id="18954229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954229" title="Little Red School (Kingman, Arizona)">
Little Red School (Kingman, Arizona)

The Little Red School is a former school building located in Kingman, Arizona. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Little Red School is located at 219 Fourth Street in Kingman, Arizona. The building was constructed in 1896 in the Queen Anne style, with the firm Hartley, Cooper & Hines recorded as the architects or builders or both. It replaced an earlier school building, Kingman's first, and remained in use until 1928. Actor Andy Devine was an alumnus of the school.
After the closure of the school the building hosted the activities of several local groups. Kingman's Catholic community met there until the construction of St. Mary’s church, and the Christian Science Church and the Elks Lodge used the building at various periods. During World War II the Ration Board operated out of the schoolhouse. After the war Kingman’s Chamber of Commerce briefly used the building as their office, sharing it with the Public Library. After the library outgrew the premises the building came under the ownership of the City of Kingman; it is today the city's Magistrate's Office.
The building was mentioned in a survey of historic properties in Kingman.

</doc>
<doc id="18954233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954233" title="Verena Becker">
Verena Becker

Verena Becker (born 31 July 1952 in Berlin-Wilmersdorf) was a West German member of the Movement 2 June and later the Red Army Faction. She was under the control of West German intelligence since 1972 at least.
Terrorist career.
Before turning to a life of crime, Verena was a student. She initially joined Movement 2 June (J2M) and was involved in bank robberies and the bombing of a British yacht club in West Berlin on 2 February 1972. J2M claimed this bombing was in support of the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA). Becker was subsequently arrested and on 13 February 1974 she was tried and found guilty of involvement in the bombing. She was sentenced to six years in prison; a year later, she was freed and flown to Aden Southern Yemen as part of the exchange deal proposed by the Peter Lorenz kidnappers.
At some point between 1975 and 1976, Becker returned to West Germany. She became involved in the second generation RAF re-grouped around Siegfried Haag, and it is likely that she came in contact with him whilst in Yemen, as he was there at the same time.
Arrest.
In Singen, May 1977, Becker and fellow terrorist Günter Sonnenberg were spotted by police. Alarmed, Becker and Sonnenberg tried to flee. A gunfight ensued which left two police officers badly wounded. Sonnenberg and Becker attempted to drive off in a stolen vehicle, only to drive into a dead-end street. They abandoned the vehicle and ran, but were shot down and arrested. Sonnenberg was seriously injured by a gunshot wound to the head, and Becker was shot in the leg. A submachine gun was found in their abandoned car. It turned out to be the gun used to assassinate Chief Federal Prosecutor Siegfried Buback.
Imprisonment.
In late 1977 Becker was sentenced to life imprisonment for her involvement in a criminal organisation. In prison she took part in hunger strikes for which she had to be force-fed.
She was released from prison in 1989 after being pardoned by Federal President Richard von Weizsäcker. She lived anonymously in Germany, under an assumed name.
The Assassination of Siegfried Buback and Rearrest.
On April 7, 1977, Siegfried Buback, then the chief federal prosecutor for the Bundesgerichtshof, was shot by members of RAF while travelling from his home in Neureut to the Bundesgerichtshof in Karlsruhe; while Buback's Mercedes was stopped at a traffic light a motorcycle pulled alongside and the passenger on the rear of the motorcycle opened fire with an automatic weapon at the vehicle. There is some evidence suggesting that Verena Becker took part in the assassination of Chief Federal Prosecutor Siegfried Buback, though she herself claims Stefan Wisniewski was the one who killed him. DNA evidence however indicates that Becker probably did not take part in the killing. The case has been reopened and Becker was re-arrested on charges relating to the assassination on 28 August 2009. In April 2010, following examination of DNA on a letter claiming responsibility for the murder, she has been charged for the 1977 murder. 

</doc>
<doc id="18954238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954238" title="Ishikism">
Ishikism

Ishikism, 'Ishik-ism (Turkish: "Işıkçılık" or "Işık Aleviliği"), also known as Chinarism " or" Ishik Alevism, refers to the movement among some Alevis who have developed an alternative understanding of Alevism and its history. These alternative interpretations and beliefs were organized by writer Erdoğan Çınar, with the publication of his book "Aleviliğin Gizli Tarihi" ("The Secret History of Alevism") in 2004.
The Ishik movement claim that the term ""Alevi"" is derived from the old Anatolian Luvians "(Luwian)" people, claiming that the word ""Luvi"" means ""people of light"" in the Hittite language, while the term ""Alevi"" in traditional Alevism is believed to have derived from Ali, as in the Arabic word ‘Alawī (علوي). Some Ottoman documents from the 16th century refer to the ancestors of today's Alevis as ""Işık Taifesi"", meaning ""People of Light"". This is, according to Ishikis, a proof of the connection between the Luvians and Alevis.
Belief.
Ishikis consider themselves to be esotericists, claiming that Alevism is Esotericism itself, meaning that they identify themselves with every type of esotericism in history (e.g. Jewish esotericists, Christian esotericists, Islamic and Pagan esotericism etc.)
They claim that Alevism is the oldest religion in the world, that has changed shapes throughout time. This "First and True Religion" of the world, is claimed to have been the main source for all other religions and beliefs in the world:
The Ishikis also claim that the religious ceremonies practiced by Alevis were practiced as early as by the Hittites and even by the Sumerians. According to Ishikis, medieval Christian sects as Paulicianism, Bogomilism etc. were also Alevis. A good example of this belief can be found in the translation of the book "The Cathars: The Most Successful Heresy of the Middle Ages" (2005) by Sean Martins. Even though the original English version does not contain the word "Alevi", the Turkish translator has translated the title of the book as "Ortaçağ'da Avrupa'da Alevi Hareketi - Katharlar" (An Alevi Movement in The Middle Ages - The Cathars).
Views.
Compared to traditional Alevism, the most striking differences of the Ishik movement are their interpretation of history. The Ishik movement claims that Alevis have changed their apparent identity several times in history in order to survive. According to Ishiki belief, heretic sects like the Paulicians and Bogomils were actually Alevis compelled to appear as Christians because of the Byzantine oppression. Likewise the modern Alevis have gained an Islamic appearance because of the Ottoman oppression.
Ishiki thought is convinced that most heterodox groups are inventions as a result of oppression, meaning that groups like the Ghulat, Ahl-e Haqq, Ismā'īlī, Nusayrî Alawism and Bektashism are in reality separate from real Islam.
Criticism.
The Ishiki versus Traditionalist split has caused a deep gap in Alevi society. This is the first time in centuries that Alevis have experienced such a great split in terms of beliefs.
Traditionalist Alevis have strongly opposed the Ishikis, who they consider as people who are creating a completely new religion, or sometimes as undercover agents, trying to disrupt Alevi unity. Ishikis are also criticized for being extremely political and for abandoning fundamental Alevi sources, such as the Buyruks, one of the most known written source among Alevis.
The Alevi historian, Hamza Aksüt, responded to the works of Erdoğan Çınar in several articles, criticizing him for being intentionally manipulative and highly conspirational. were officially given as a reply to the interview with Erdoğan Çınar: "Çınar'dan uyarı: 'Her flörtün sonu evlilikle bitmez (Notice from Çınar: 'Not all flirts end with marriage'). Another writer, Ünsal Öztürk has also criticized Erdoğan Çınar. In 2010 Hamza Aksüt, Hasan Harmancı and Ünsal Öztürk went together in publishing the book "Alevi Tarih Yazımında Skandal - Erdoğan Çınar Örneği" (A Scandal in Alevi History Writing - The Erdoğan Çınar Example), which is an analysis and explaining of the claimed manipulation and "tampering" made by Erdoğan Çınar.
Some traditionalists have even gone so far as to demand that Ishiki dedes like Hasan Kılavuz gets the penalty of social exclusion which in reality does not correspond with the actual welcoming nature of Alevisim.
Ishiki Dedes.
Even though most dedes are still traditionalists, some of them have eventually adopted Ishiki thought. The first dedes who openly declared their non-traditionalist views were Ali Haydar Cilasun, with the publication of his book "Alevilik Bir Sır Değildir" (Alevism is Not a Secret) in 1995 and Hasan Kılavuz in 2003. The latter is now one of the prominent figures in the Alevi Confederation of Europe (AABK) and its television channel YOL TV.
Ishiki organizations.
The Ishik movement have succeeded in becoming very influential in important and powerful Alevi organizations. The Alevi Confederation of Europe (AABK) for instance, has abandoned its traditional Alevi beliefs in 2006, which it replaced with a marginal Ishiki type of understanding. Recently some Alevi organizations in Turkey have also changed their definitions of Alevism.
Bibliography.
The primary sources of "Ishikism" are the works of the Turkish writer Erdoğan Çınar:
But he has also gained the support of other writers as well:

</doc>
<doc id="18954252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954252" title="Dvinosaurus">
Dvinosaurus

Dvinosaurus is a genus of extinct temnospondyl amphibian from the Late Permian of Russia. The first three species, "D. primus" (the type species), "D. secundus", and "D. tertius", were described by Russian paleontologist Vladimir Prokhorovich Amalitskii in 1921. "Dvinosaurus" was first found near the village of Sokolki in Arkhangelsk and named after the Northern Dvina River, which was close to the locality where it was discovered. The holotype is cataloged as PIN2005/35, and consists of only a skull. Amalitskii's "D. tertius" is now considered synonymous with "D. secundus". Two additional species, "D. egregius", and "D. purlensis", were named by Mikhail Shishkin in 1968. These were named from a fossilized skull and a partial lower jaw, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18954261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954261" title="Brian McArdle">
Brian McArdle

Brian McArdle (1911-2002) was a British doctor.
Glycogen storage disease type V was named for him as McArdle's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="18954274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954274" title="Ross H. Blakely House">
Ross H. Blakely House

The Ross H. Blakely House is a Queen Anne style house located in Kingman, Arizona. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Description.
The Ross H. Blakeley House is located at 519 Spring Street in Kingman, Arizona. The home was built in 1897 and it is a Queen Anne style. Ross Blakeley was the son of William Blakeley. He passed the bar in 1910 and started his practice. He also did some ranching. He served in county and territorial positions and very active in civic affairs of Kingman. The home was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18954305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954305" title="Los Premios MTV Latinoamérica 2008">
Los Premios MTV Latinoamérica 2008

The seventh annual Premios MTV Latinoamérica 2008 took place on October 16, 2008 in Guadalajara, Mexico at the Auditorio Telmex for the first time.
Jose Tillan was the Executive Producer of the event.
Nominations.
Winners are in bold text
Best Fan Club.
Flags in this category represent where each fan club is from, not where the artist is from

</doc>
<doc id="18954340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954340" title="David Williams (Royal Navy officer)">
David Williams (Royal Navy officer)

Sir David Williams GCB (22 October 1921 – 16 July 2012) was a senior officer in the British Royal Navy. He rose to the rank of admiral and served for a time as Governor of Gibraltar.
Naval career.
Williams was appointed Flag Officer Second-in-Command Far East Fleet in 1970 and Second Sea Lord and Chief of Naval Personnel in 1974; he was then Commander-in-Chief Naval Home Command from 1976 to 1979 when he retired.
Between 1980 and 1982 he was Chairman of the Royal Navy Club of 1765 & 1785 (United in 1889). On 26 October 1982 he became the Governor of Gibraltar. He held this position for three years until 19 November 1985. 
He was a Vice-President of the Friends of Gibraltar Heritage Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18954364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954364" title="Horst Bickel">
Horst Bickel

Horst Bickel (1918–2000) was a German doctor.
With Guido Fanconi, he characterized Glycogen storage disease type XI in 1949.
He was also involved in the development of treatments for phenylketonuria.

</doc>
<doc id="18954388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954388" title="Wood Street Village">
Wood Street Village

Wood Street Village is a clustered and linear village in Surrey, England with a village green, buffered by Metropolitan Green Belt on all sides. It is centred west of Guildford and is part of the civil parish of Worplesdon as well as continuing to be served semi-dependently as a chapelry of the Church of England. Its amenities include an infant school, post office and public houses. The Normandy Youth Center is among the amenities serving the children of Wood Street Village.
History.
The history of this area is described in histories of the parish of Worplesdon, of which Wood Street Village is a part, however has developed similar amenities of its own (save for a community halls, paths and recreational amenities maintenance decision making body, its civil parish council).· 
There are a large minority of pre-20th century houses in the village; Wood Street Village has farmhouses which date from the 15th and 16th centuries. Littlefield Manor, in the mid-category of architectural listing Grade II* joins with neighbouring Whipley Manor as one of two similarly sized farms, but which were once larger manors, the history of which is well documented by its many returns such as the Feet of Fines kept by the central government. Historically these records were kept at the Palace of Westminster but today are held at the National Archives (UK) and their contents are summarised in such works as the Victoria County History.
Wood Street School opened in 1878 and the Victorian part still stands.
Geography.
The village is nucleated in layout but with a linear part to the north-west and east and more than half of its land is cultivated fields woodland, in the south or along the banks of its two main brooks, which flow north. Guildford is centred east.
Elevations range from 67m in the north and west to 38m Above Ordnance Datum (sea level) in the far north toward the discharge to brooks along east side of the area, including at Clasford Common and Clasford Bridge in the north-west corner. The soil is rich in humus with a mixed subsoil of clay and loamy soil interspersed with small amounts of sandier soil in uninhabited highest patches.
Amenities.
The village green features the only surviving maypole in Surrey and hosts late spring and summer fairs. 
Wood Street Village's amenities include a church, infant school, post office and public houses. The rural Normandy Youth Center has a number of current children of the village who attend its meetings or use its facilities.
The current St Albans large chapel was completed in 1967.
Nearby main sports teams are Normandy and Normandy Reserves F.C. who play in the Aldershot & District Football League.
References.
Wood Street Village Web Site: http://www.woodstreetvillage.info

</doc>
<doc id="18954400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954400" title="Mark One">
Mark One

Mark One may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18954401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954401" title="Civil Aviation Accident and Incident Investigation Commission">
Civil Aviation Accident and Incident Investigation Commission

The Civil Aviation Accident and Incident Investigation Commission (, CIAIAC) is the Spanish national agency responsible for air accident investigation. It is a division of the Ministry of Public Works and Transport. The CIAIAC investigates all the accidents and incidents of civil aircraft that take place in Spanish territory.
The CIAIAC also maintains detailed statistics of all the air accidents and incidents in Spain.
The headquarters of the CIAIAC are in Latina, Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="18954423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954423" title="House at 519 Golconda">
House at 519 Golconda

The house at 519 Golconda Avenue is a cottage located in Kingman, Arizona. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Description.
The house at 519 Golconda Avenue in Kingman, Arizona was built in 1897. The house is an indigenous cottage. This is another south side home across the railroad track. This house was a typical workers' home. The house is on the National Register of Historical Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18954471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954471" title="Mrs. M. P. Sargent House">
Mrs. M. P. Sargent House

Mrs. M. P. Sargent House is located at 426 Topeka Street in Kingman, Arizona. The house was built in 1897. The home is of Queen Anne style architecture. The house was added to the National Register of Historical Places on May 14, 1986 and its number is 86001167.

</doc>
<doc id="18954489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954489" title="PurD RNA motif">
PurD RNA motif

The purD RNA motif is a conserved RNA structure found in epsilonproteobacteria, such as the genera "Helicobacter" and "Campylobacter". The RNA is consistently found in the apparent 5' UTR of "purD" genes. "purD" genes encode the enzyme Phosphoribosylamine-glycine ligase, which catalyzes an early step in de novo purine synthesis. Although a possible "cis"-regulatory role was proposed for this motif, experimental results indicate that it overlaps the 6S RNA of the relevant species, and that the second hairpin of the motif might not be biological.

</doc>
<doc id="18954490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954490" title="Abdul Hai Baloch">
Abdul Hai Baloch

Abdul Hai Baloch () is a politician from Balochistan, Pakistan. He is the chairman of the National Party.

</doc>
<doc id="18954515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954515" title="21 cm Mörser M. 16/18">
21 cm Mörser M. 16/18

The 21 cm Mörser M. 16 was a heavy howitzer used by Austria-Hungary during World War I. Skoda began design in 1915 for a wheeled howitzer that could be towed in a single load by a tractor. The first prototype wasn't satisfactory as it was too heavy and traversing was difficult due to the very high limber bar pressure. A second howitzer was delivered in mid-1917 that broke down into two loads for transport. This, at least, cured the traversing problem of the first weapon, as reported by the test battery assigned to the 11th Army. 
In the meantime, however, a third prototype had been ordered as the M. 18 with a carriage based on that of the 30.5 cm Mörser M. 16 that would allow for full traverse at the price of more time needed to emplace the firing platform. It broke down into three loads for transport. No M. 18s were delivered by the end of the war, although Skoda built some modified versions as the M. 18/19 for the newly independent Republic of Czechoslovakia where they were known as the 21 cm mozdir vz. 18. After the Occupation of Czechoslovakia in 1939 the Germans adopted them under the names of 21 cm Mörser 18/19(t) or kurze 21 cm Mörser(t) and used at least 15 on coast-defense duties in Norway.
The only known surviving piece at the National Military Museum, Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="18954523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954523" title="Tyrell House">
Tyrell House

Thomas Tyrell House is at 133 Beale Street in Kingman, Arizona. The home was built in 1897 and is an indigenous cottage. Mr. Tyrell built this house and lived in there for two years. His main profession was a painter. The property also has a pump house. This is the first house to have indoor plumbing. The house is on the National Register of Historic Places, number 86001172.

</doc>
<doc id="18954526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954526" title="British Music Experience">
British Music Experience

The British Music Experience is a permanent exhibition, taking up more than 20,000 square feet, installed into The O2 Bubble, part of The O2 in Greenwich, London. Opened with a private concert by The View in March 2009, it features a retrospective look at the British music industry since 1944.
Spearheaded by music mogul Harvey Goldsmith, designed by Land Design Studio and funded by The O2 owners AEG, BME was created to fill a gap in the UK Heritage sector for Rock and Pop Music. Previously, the National Centre for Popular Music in Sheffield had attempted to achieve this but failed to attract visitors and was eventually closed.
The British Music Experience has been set up as a charitable trust and has been funded by £9.5m worth of investment from AEG who hope to recoup their costs within five years. Sponsorship agreements with The Performing Rights Society, Gibson Guitars and Sennheiser amongst others have helped establish the exhibition. In 2010 the UK's fifth biggest food retailer, The Co-operative Group, signed on as the exhibition's main sponsor, pledging to give away 15,000 tickets over the next three years.
Exhibits.
The BME contains musical artefacts and interactive experiences using digital technologies. These exhibits are arranged thematically to explore areas of interest in music. Surrounding these exhibits are seven zones exploring British music since 1945 up to the present day, held together by a giant timeline containing thousands of facts, headlines, images, videos and animations that can be explored through the use of a trackball.
Major interactive exhibits which can be found in the museum include:
Many of these interactive exhibits have been developed by specialist software suppliers Clay Interactive Ltd, iso design and Studio Simple and have been led by a curatorial team directed by Robert Santelli, who has worked on other major music exhibits such as The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland, Ohio and The Grammy Museum in Los Angeles. BME curator Paul Lilley, with Sarah Clark and Laura Bailey, is responsible for the extensive number of artefacts and exhibits on view and the rest of the BME content team is made up of music consultants Rob Dickins, David Roberts and Mark Ellen.
Artefacts.
Highlights of the artefacts that can be found at the British Music Experience include:
Tickets.
Smarticket technology allows visitors to "tag" areas of the attraction and save recordings which can be accessed via the BME website.

</doc>
<doc id="18954541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954541" title="Machpelah Cemetery (Queens)">
Machpelah Cemetery (Queens)

Machpelah Cemetery is a Jewish cemetery located in Glendale, Queens, New York. It is the final resting place of, amongst many others, magician Harry Houdini and his brother Theodore Hardeen. 
George Schindler, the dean of the Society of American Magicians, said his group had stopped contributing money toward the maintenance of the site in recent years. "David Jacobson sends us a bill for upkeep every year but we never pay it" "The Society of American Magicians never paid the cemetery for any restoration of the Houdini family plot in my tenure since 1988," Mr. Jacobson said. The money came from the dwindling funds of the Machpelah Cemetery, he said.
The granite monuments of Houdini's sister, Gladys, and brother, Leopold, are missing. Some members of the society say they believe that Mr. Jacobson has hidden them, or worse, sold them off to collectors. "I have them," Mr. Jacobson replied. "They are broken" 
The Houdini grave site is no longer cared for by the Society of American Magicians, but by The Houdini Museum in Scranton, Pennsylvania. 

</doc>
<doc id="18954546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954546" title="Adalbert Geheeb">
Adalbert Geheeb

Adalbert Geheeb (March 21, 1842 in Geisa - 13 September 1909 in Konigsfelden, Brugg, Aargau) was a German botanist specializing in mosses. The son of a pharmacist, he studied natural history as a pastime, and published extensively.
In 1864-65 he studied pharmacy in Jena. Up until 1892, he served as a pharmacist in his hometown of Geisa, afterwards working as a private scholar in Freiburg im Breisgau. He was a corresponding member of the Royal Botanical Society of London and co-founder of the "Rhönklubs" in Gersfeld.
In 1909 his herbarium contained 50,000 items representing 1300 species. He was the author of more than 50 scientific papers on mosses. The genus "Geheebia" is named after him, as are species with the epithet of "geheebii", an example being "Brachythecium geheebii".

</doc>
<doc id="18954550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954550" title="Dalia Contreras">
Dalia Contreras

Dalia María Contreras Rivero (born September 20, 1983) is a Venezuelan taekwondo practitioner. She won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in taekwondo. She also competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics, finishing 8th in her weight class.
She won a Silver Medal at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo
In the 2002 South American Games in Brazil she finished in the second place in her category (Finweight –47 kg), but the South American Sports Organization (ODESUR) gave only Gold Medal in that category. Finally, in the 2006 South American Games in Buenos Aires she won the Gold Medal. Notwithstanding, that year ODESUR gave the silver and bronze medals
Olympic results.
2004
2008

</doc>
<doc id="18954588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954588" title="Charles Ziemer House">
Charles Ziemer House

The Charles Ziemer House is a Colonial Revival style house located in Kingman, Arizona. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Description.
The Charles Ziemer House is located at 507 East Oak Street in Kingman, Arizona. It was built in 1898 in the Colonial Revival style and is on the National Register of Historical Places both for its architecture and its significance in the history of Kingman. The builder of the house, Charles Ziemer, was a local businessman and mine owner who lived in Kingman from at least 1886 to his death in 1902. The house is currently a private residence. 

</doc>
<doc id="18954597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954597" title="Inouwa">
Inouwa

Inouwa or Ilouwa is the Igbo belief in reincarnation in their mythology, which translates form Igbo to English as "to come back to the world". Reincarnation is believed to occur between immediate and extended family and sometimes the person who is reincarnated notifies the family, before their death, who they will come back to the world as.
Reincarnation.
Relatives identify the reincarnated ancestor by checking the newborn for body markings/birthmarks or physical features the ancestor had had. Statements as well as the behavior of the baby similar to the deceased ancestor is made to confirm the identity of who the child was in their past life. Oracles can also confirm the identity of the baby in their past life.
Ogbanje.
Ogbanje are the negative or evil spirits that are reincarnated to cause misfortune to the family by constantly dying and coming back again.

</doc>
<doc id="18954607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954607" title="Pontia protodice">
Pontia protodice

The Checkered White ("Pontia protodice"), also called Southern Cabbage Butterfly, is a common North American butterfly in the family Pieridae. Its green larva is a type of cabbage worm.
Description.
The upper side of the wings are white and marked with black and gray, more so on the female than on the male. The underside of the hindwings are marked with extensive yellow-brown veins. The wingspan is 1.25-1.75 in. In its pre-adult form, the egg is orange, and mature larvae are black dotted and bluish green to grey with a yellow dorsal, lateral and sublateral stripe. The pupa overwinters, and varies in colour from blue-grey to cream.
Distribution.
"Pontia protodice" is most commonly found in the southern parts on the United States along with some of the northern areas of Mexico. Occasionally the species can be found in the northern parts of the U.S. and southern Canada. It is absent from the Pacific Northwest and the New England area, although populations have become increasingly erratic just east of the Appalachians."P. protodice" are most widespread in late summer and autumn, not earlier in the season. 
Habitat.
Habitats are open areas, including desert, plains, and disturbed areas. Virtually any disturbed dry open area such as vacant lots, railroads, airports, dry grassland, deserts, and cities are potential areas of inhabitation. In addition, populations may sometimes be found in sparsely wooded areas, grasslands, and meadows in the prairie and parkland regions, usually in areas without heavy shade.Though it may seem these species of butterfly inhabit a wide range of environments, they have been found to be absent from certain counties for many years at a time.
Nectar plants.
Checkered Whites have been seen nectaring on mustards, composites, and alfalfa.
Host plants.
Its host plants include Brazos Rockcress ("Arabis petiolaris"), Sicklepod ("Senna obtusifolia"), Black Mustard ("Brassica nigra"), Broccoli ("Brassica oleraceae italica"), Brussel Sprouts ("Brassica oleraceae gemmifera"), Cabbage ("Brassica oleraceae capitata"), Cauliflower ("Brassica oleraceae botrytis"), Turnip ("Brassica rapa"), Pinnate Tansy-Mustard ("Descurainia pinnata"), Fixweed Tansy-Mustard ("Descurainia sophia"), Prairie Pepperweed ("Lepidium densiflorum"), Virginia Pepper-Grass ("Lepidium virginicum"), Radish ("Raphanus sativus"), Tumble Mustard ("Sisymbrium altissimum"), and Field Pennycress ("Thlaspi arvense").
Behavior.
Sexual selection.
In order to increase their reproductive fitness, male "P. protodice" must select a female who will put his investment to good use. One trait that males select for is bigger size and longer forewing length. It is unknown whether larger females are preferred by males or whether larger females can simply be seen at greater distances than their smaller conspecifics.
Males also tend to prefer younger females with whom they copulate for longer periods of time. The dorsal wing surface of females are partially ultraviolet reflective, especially in older females who have melanic markerkings. As females get older, they tend to accumulate tattering and scale loss which are consequences of increased contact with vegetation during feeding and their search for oviposition sites. Thus, their wings become worn. UV absorbing pigments located on these scales explain the changes in UV reflectance as a female becomes older. Males use this cue to evaluate the age of a female conspecific. It is quite a reliable cue, as the spermatophores of worn females tend to be completely collapsed and empty.
Paternal investment.
It is assumed that many species of male butterflies contribute nothing but sperm to the offspring. Some males, including male "P. protodice" pass on nutrients along with sperm into the female reproductive tract during copulation. The nutrients contain protein that, can be used by the female for egg production and for somatic maintenance during the female’s search for oviposition sites. This can be thought of as a form of paternal investment. Male secretions are received by the female in the bursa copulatrix which is composed of the corpus bursa and the appendix bursa, the latter of which is filled with a spermatophore containing the sperm and secretions during copulation. During copulation, males on average pass on 7-8% of their precopulatory body mass, with the actual percent of body mass passed inversely correlated with measures of body mass. Therefore, a smaller male must pass on a larger fraction of his body mass in the process. It seems that female size does not influence the quantity of material passed.
Female advancements.
Males are efficient at finding females, making courtship solicitation by females rare. However, female "P. protodice" have been seen to actively approach and chase both conspecific males and females. When directed at other females, interactions last only a few seconds; however, when directed at males, this behavior is most likely an attempt to solicit male courtship. As a female flies about feeding and searching for oviposition sites, the contents of the spermatophore decreases in size, and the female becomes interested in remating. On average females deplete material received from males in 5 to 7 days. Thus, females who try to solicit courtship only do so when their spermatophore is emptying and they want to receive a fresh batch. Both virgin and previously mated females have been seen to initiate courtships, with various underlying reasons. Virgin females approach males possibly because they are cryptic while perched and must become more conspicuous in their pursuit. However, previously mated females are driven by a different reason, the fact that they are less likely to be attractive to males. As a result they must attempt to elicit courtships to maximize their reproductive options. Another reason encompassing both virgin and previously mated females is that females leave areas of high population density due to male harassment and must actively seek males and adapt to a new environment.
Copulation behavior.
In courtships, females land on exposed perches and the following major events occur: the male contacts the female, the male begins probing, the male abdomen comes between the female’s hindwings, and lastly the male stops moving. Aside from many other butterfly species, "P. protodice" females lack an abdominal extension response. A male does nothing more than land on a female’s thorax and couple with her. In half of all courtships, females also exhibit a low amplitude flutter response which seems to have no effect on the duration of copulation.
In addition, in situations where they want to fend off a male’s advances, female "P. protodice" exhibit a rejection behavior, initiated as if they are aware of the presence of a full spermatophore. The females’ wings are fully opened with the tips below the horizontal. In addition, the abdomen is elevated to 45-60 degrees above the body axis and the genitalia are extruded. Interestingly, this rejection posture has often been misconstrued as an invitation to mating, as other butterflies such as the Heliconius use it to attract mates.
Sexual conflict in migration.
In general male pupae develop faster than their conspecific females, and as a result, eclose earlier in the season than females. In addition, they are typically ready to mate within 24 hours of eclosion. This is the reason why there seems to be a high ratio of males to receptive females. In this high-density environment, females are often harassed by males. They will be approached by more than one males at a time within seconds of flight, and the males will often remain in the vicinity for long periods of time. In this situation, females are forced down a gradient of male density, encouraging emigration out of the colony. They will emigrate and colonize new habitats in the process. It is only in instances of increased male death and still emergent females, late in the breeding season, that the numbers balance and no emigration occurs.
Thermoregulatory behavior.
"P. protodice" require elevated body temperatures of 30-40 degrees Celsius in order to fly, and this is achieved by behavioral orientation to solar radiation. Pieris butterflies, including "P. protodice" use a behavioral posture for thermoregulation called reflectance basking, in which the wings are used as a sort of biological solar reflector in order to reflect radiation to the body and increase body temperature. In the reflectance basking posture, the dorsal body surface is positioned towards the sun, and the wings are subsequently held open at an angle. The posture suggests that the butterfly is using its white dorsal wing surface to reflect radiation onto their bodies.

</doc>
<doc id="18954627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954627" title="Millingstone Horizon">
Millingstone Horizon

Millingstone Horizon is an archaeological period of Native American dominance denoting a period in California, USA involving extensive use of manos and other grinding technology. The interval is a subset of the Archaic Period; specifically Millingstone is usually applied to the period 6500 to 1500 BC. Alternatively this epoch within North America is known as the Encinitas Tradition. Archaeological recovery from a number of sites in California has yielded evidence of Native American habitation and daily life in this period that ended around 3,500 years ago.
Example sites.
The Chumash people, who inhabited much of present day San Luis Obispo County, Santa Barbara County, and Ventura County have Millingstone Horizon elements in their history. For example an extensive site at Morro Creek in the present day town of Morro Bay has yielded evidence of coastal Chumash in the Millingstone period.

</doc>
<doc id="18954639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954639" title="Lefever House">
Lefever House

Lefever House is a Bungalow/Craftsman style house located in Kingman, Arizona. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Description.
Lefever House is located at 525 Oak Street in Kingman, Arizona. The home was built around 1900 and is of the Bungalow/Craftsman style. The home is one of the oldest wood frame home in the city. Mr. Lefever was the Mohave County Recorder starting in 1898. The home was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18954655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954655" title="Great Mosque of Gaza">
Great Mosque of Gaza

The Great Mosque of Gaza (, "Jāmaʿ Ghazza al-Kabīr"), also known as the Great Omari Mosque (, "Jāmaʿ al-ʿUmarī al-Kabīr"), is the largest and oldest mosque in the Gaza Strip, located in Gaza's old city.
Believed to stand on the site of an ancient Philistine temple, the site was used by the Byzantines to erect a church in the 5th century, but after the Muslim conquest in the 7th century, it was transformed into a mosque. Described as "beautiful" by an Arab geographer in the 10th century, the Great Mosque's minaret was toppled in an earthquake in 1033. In 1149, the Crusaders built a cathedral dedicated to John the Baptist, but it was mostly destroyed by the Ayyubids in 1187, and then rebuilt as a mosque by the Mamluks in the early 13th century. It was destroyed by the Mongols in 1260, then soon restored only for it to be destroyed by an earthquake at the end of the century.
The Great Mosque was finally restored again by the Ottomans roughly 300 years later. Severely damaged after British bombardment during World War I, the mosque was restored in 1925 by the Supreme Muslim Council. The Great Mosque is still active today, serving as a Jama Masjid (Friday mosque).
Location.
The Great Mosque is situated in the al-Daraj quarter of the Old City in Downtown Gaza at the eastern end of Omar Mukhtar Street, southeast of Palestine Square. Gaza's Gold Market is located adjacent to it on the south side, while to the northeast is the Welayat Mosque and to the east, on Wehda Street, is a girls' school.
History.
Philistine and Byzantine era.
According to tradition, the mosque stands on the site of the Philistine temple dedicated to Dagon—the god of fertility—which Samson toppled in the Book of Judges. Later, a temple dedicated to Marnas—god of rain and grain—was erected. Local legend today claims that Samson is buried under the present mosque.
The present mosque was built in 406 CE as a large Byzantine church by Empress Aelia Eudocia, althougth it is also a possible that the church was built by Emperor Marcian. Based on a Jewish inscription carved on the upper tie of one of the building's columns, it was suggested in the late 19th century that the upper pillars of the building were brought from a 3rd-century Jewish synagogue in Caesarea Maritima. The discovery of a 6th-century synagogue at the port of Gaza (Maiumas) in the 1960s, however, make local re-use of this column much likelier. In addition to the inscription, the column depicted a "menorah", a "shofar", a "lulav" and "etrog" surrounded by a decorative wreath; the inscription read "Hananyah son of Jacob" in both Hebrew and Greek. The church appeared in the Map of Madaba mosaic, created in 600 CE.
Islamic era.
The Byzantine church was transformed into a mosque in the 7th-century by Omar ibn al-Khattab's generals, in the early era of Gaza's rule by the Rashidun Caliphate. The mosque is alternatively named "al-Omari" in honor of Omar ibn al-Khattab who was caliph during the Muslims conquest of Palestine. In 985, during Abbasid rule, Arab geographer al-Muqaddasi wrote that the Great Mosque was a "beautiful mosque." On 5 December 1033, an earthquake caused the pinnacle of the mosque's minaret to collapse.
In 1149 the Crusaders, who had conquered Gaza in 1100, built a cathedral dedicated to John the Baptist atop the ruins of the church upon a decree by Baldwin III of Jerusalem. However, in William of Tyre's descriptions of grand Crusader churches, it is not mentioned. Of the Great Mosque's three aisles today, it is believed that portions of two of them had formed part of the Cathedral of John the Baptist.
In 1187 the Ayyubids under Saladin wrested control of Gaza from the Crusaders and destroyed the cathedral.
The Mamluks reconstructed the mosque in the 13th-century, but in 1260, the Mongols destroyed it. It was rebuilt thereafter, but in 1294, an earthquake caused its collapse. Extensive renovations centered on the "iwan" were undertaken by the governor Sunqur al-Ala'i during the sultanate of Husam ad-Din Lajin between 1297-99. The Mamluk governor of the city, Sanjar al-Jawli commissioned the restoration of the Great Mosque sometime between 1311 and 1319. The Mamluks finally rebuilt the mosque completely in 1340. In 1355 Muslim geographer Ibn Battuta noted the mosque's former existence as "a fine Friday mosque," but also says that al-Jawli's mosque was "well-built." Inscriptions on the mosque bear the signatures of the Mamluk sultans al-Nasir Muhammad (dated 1340), Qaitbay (dated May 1498), Qansuh al-Ghawri (dated 1516), and the Abbasid caliph al-Musta'in Billah (dated 1412).
In the 16th-century the mosque was restored after apparent damage in the previous century; the Ottomans commissioned its restoration and also built six other mosques in the city. They had been in control of Palestine since 1517. The interior bears an inscription of the name of the Ottoman governor of Gaza, Musa Pasha, brother of deposed Husayn Pasha, dating from 1663.
Modern era.
Some Western travelers in the late 19th-century reported that the Great Mosque was the only structure in Gaza worthy of historical or architectural note. The Great Mosque was severely damaged by Allied forces while attacking the Ottoman positions in Gaza during World War I. The British claimed the there were Ottoman munitions stored in the mosque and its destruction was caused when the munitions were ignited by the bombardment. Under the supervision of former Gaza mayor Said al-Shawa, it was restored by the Supreme Muslim Council in 1926-27.
In 1928, the Supreme Muslim Council held a mass demonstration involving both local Muslims and Christians at the Great Mosque in order to rally support for boycotting elections and participation in the Legislative Assembly of the British Mandate of Palestine government. To increase the number of people in the rally, they ordered all the mosques in one of Gaza's quarters to temporarily close.
The ancient bas-relief inscriptions of Jewish religious symbols were allegedly chiseled away intentionally at some stage between 1987 and 1993. During the Battle of Gaza between the Palestinian organizations of Hamas and Fatah, the mosque's pro-Hamas imam Mohammed al-Rafati was shot dead by Fatah gunmen on June 12, 2007, in retaliation for the killing of an official of Mahmoud Abbas's presidential guard by Hamas earlier that day. The mosque is still active and serves as a base of emotional and physical support for Gaza's residents, being a focal point of Palestinian pride.
Architecture.
The Great Mosque has an area of . Most of the general structure is constructed from local marine sandstone known as "kurkar". The mosque forms a large "sahn" ("courtyard") surrounded by rounded arches. The Mamluks, and later the Ottomans, had the south and southeastern sides of the building expanded.
Over the door of the mosque is an inscription containing the name of Mamluk sultan Qalawun and there are also inscriptions containing the names of the sultans Lajin and Barquq.
Interior.
When the building was transformed into a mosque from a cathedral, most of the previous Crusader construction was completely replaced, but the mosque's facade with its arched entrance is a typical piece of Crusader ecclesiastical architecture, and columns within the mosque compound still retain their Italian Gothic style. Some of the columns have been identified as elements of an ancient synagogue, reused as construction material in the Crusader era and still forming part of the mosque. Internally, the wall surfaces are plastered and painted. Marble is used for the western door and the dome's oculus. The floors are covered with glazed tiles. The columns are also marble and their capitals are built in Corinthian style.
The central nave is groin-vaulted, each bay being separated from one another by pointed transverse arches with rectangular profiles. The nave arcades are carried on cruciform piers with an engaged column on each face, sitting on a raised plinth. The two aisles of the mosque are also groin-vaulted. Ibn Battuta noted that the Great Mosque had a white marble "minbar" ("pulpit"); it still exists today. There is a small "mihrab" in the mosque with an inscription dating from 1663, containing the name of Musa Pasha, a governor of Gaza during Ottoman rule.
Minaret.
The mosque is well known for its minaret, which is square-shaped in its lower half and octagonal in its upper half, typical of Mamluk architectural style. The minaret is constructed of stone from the base to the upper, hanging balcony, including the four-tiered upper half. The pinnacle is mostly made of woodwork and tiles, and is frequently renewed. A simple cupola springs from the octagonal stone drum and is of light construction similar to most mosques in the Levant. The minaret stands on what was the end of the eastern bay of the Crusader church. Its three semicircular apses were transformed into the base of the minaret.

</doc>
<doc id="18954697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954697" title="Elk's Lodge No. 468">
Elk's Lodge No. 468

Elk’s Lodge No. 468 is a Romanesque style clubhouse located in Kingman, Arizona. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Description.
Elk’s Lodge No. 468 is located at the Corner of Fourth and Oak Streets in Kingman, Arizona. The building was started in 1903-04 with modifications in 1913. The building is of Romanesque/Richardsonian style. C. E. Walker was the architect and Norman Hale was the contractor. Mr. Hale was an expert stonemason from 1890s to the early 1900s. The stone was native and came from Metcalfe Quarry. The first fraternal lodge in Kingman, IOOF and Knights of Pythias also used the lodge. The building was added to the National Register of Historical Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18954737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954737" title="Saint Mary's Catholic Church (Kingman, Arizona)">
Saint Mary's Catholic Church (Kingman, Arizona)

Saint Mary’s Catholic Church is between Third and Spring Streets in Kingman, Arizona. The church was built in 1906-07 with the Mission/Spanish Revival style. The native stone came from Metcalfe Quarry. The Catholic Church had two fundraising events to help raise money for St. Mary’s and they were done in 1903 and 06. The church served Kingman from 1906 to 63. This church is on the National Register of Historic Places and the number is 86001166.

</doc>
<doc id="18954770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954770" title="CQout">
CQout

CQout (pronounced 'Seek You Out') is an online auction company which is based in the UK and trades nationally in over 80 countries. 
CQout was launched in 1999 by three London Business School Graduates, namely Tony Newton, founder and creative director, Siamak Bashi, now the company's CEO, and Mike Rees. 
By number of items listed, CQout is the UK's 2nd largest online auction website listing around ¼ million in December 2006, ½ million in September 2007 and almost ¾ million in August 2008.
Listing items for auction on CQout is free in order to offer its sellers a 'no sale, no fee' service. A proportion of the final selling price for each item sold via the CQout website is taken as an alternative to charging listing fees. CQout charges a commission on each sale contract relative to its final selling price. This commission is payable by the seller on formation of a contract of sale.
Payment options.
Sellers of CQout must accept CQout's Escrow/Secure Pay and may even be forced to accept CQout 'Easy Pay' method if they also accept Nochex.
Preventing fraud.
When using CQout's own Secure Pay service, payment is not released to the seller until the goods have reached the buyer and been deemed satisfactory. This enables CQout to prevent any illegitimate transactions from being processed until such time as both sellers and buyers are satisfied with each transaction. 
Similar to eBay's feedback system for combating auction fraud, CQout has also addressed these issues with their own anti fraud initiative. This comes in the form of their 'CQ trusted' medal. Sellers are only granted this medal if (among other criteria):
a) the seller is known to CQout and/or has a good trading track record
b) the seller is known to be genuine and honest 
c) the seller is reliable and provides above average customer service.
Auction sniping.
CQout have an ‘anti-sniping’ feature which allows sellers to obtain the true selling price of their goods. This feature avoids disadvantaging buyers who are using a slower internet connection. The 'anti sniping' feature automatically extends the closing time of an auction to allow buyers on slower dial up internet connections to catch up.
Restricted items.
So long as an item is permitted for sale under English & Welsh law, such an item is permitted for listing on CQout's auction website. CQout ensures that viewing and bidding access to any adult materials is restricted to 'logged in' users only. Logged in members are by definition over 18 years of age as credit/debit card details are required to attain log in details. Such cards are not available until the holder is 18 years of age.
ISBN search.
The website has an ISBN search function. This allows buyers to search for the unique International Standard Book Identifier (ISBN) code which identifies the majority of publications since its induction in 1966.
Criticism.
It has been reported that some of the busier areas of the site can be slow to load at peak times. Also, CQout does not have a forum where its users could benefit from being part of a CQout community.
The listing pages on CQout are in alphabetical order (unlike eBay), making it harder to know which auctions are ending soonest.
All users, regardless of whether selling or simply buying, must pay a £2 registration fee to use the website, unlike competitors which are free to buy from.

</doc>
<doc id="18954820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954820" title="List of shipwrecks in 1968">
List of shipwrecks in 1968

The list of shipwrecks in 1968 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="18954881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954881" title="Habsburg (disambiguation)">
Habsburg (disambiguation)

Habsburg generally refers to the House of Habsburg, an important and influential European family that held several royal titles.
The House of Habsburg-Lorraine was a cadet branch of the Habsburgs and succeeded in many of its titles.
Habsburg may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18954934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954934" title="12 cm Minenwerfer M 15">
12 cm Minenwerfer M 15

The 12 cm Minenwerfer M 15 (Trench mortar) was a medium mortar used by Austria-Hungary in World War I. It was designed by the Army's own "Technisches und Administratives Militär-Komitee" (TMK) as an enlarged 9 cm Minenwerfer M 14 in 1915. The War Ministry decided to order 50 from the TMK, but the latter preferred only to produce 10 and switch the remaining 40 to the 14 cm Minenwerfer M 15, but no response was made by the Ministry. The TMZ placed an order for the 10 mortars from Teudloff & Dittrich in Vienna at the end of 1915. A follow on order for another hundred was canceled in February 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="18954973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18954973" title="Paulding County Courthouse (Ohio)">
Paulding County Courthouse (Ohio)

The Paulding County Courthouse is a historic governmental building in downtown Paulding, Ohio, United States. A Richardsonian Romanesque building erected in 1886, it is the third courthouse to serve the residents of Paulding County.
When Paulding County was established in 1820, the small community of Charloe was named the county seat. This arrangement proved to be short-lived: the older community of Paulding grew significantly while Charloe stagnated, and the county seat was eventually moved to the larger village. Once Paulding had been named the county seat, the county's second courthouse was erected on the village's central square in 1837. After approximately fifty years of service, this frame structure was demolished, and the present structure was built on the same location in 1886.
Designed by the E.O. Fallis Company and built by workers under the direction of general contractor Rudolph Ehrhart, the courthouse is a brick structure with a stone foundation and a roof of asphalt. Two-and-one-half stories tall with a central tower, the courthouse features nearly identical entrances on each of its four sides. Measuring square, and tall at the tip of its domed tower, the courthouse was patterned after the Lenawee County Courthouse in Michigan, which was also designed by the Fallis architects.
In 1974, the Paulding County Courthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, due to its well-preserved architecture that was deemed significant statewide. It is one of four buildings in Paulding County on the Register, along with a rural round barn, a former train station in the village of Antwerp, and the Carnegie library in Paulding.

</doc>
<doc id="18955017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955017" title="Von Habsburg">
Von Habsburg

Von Habsburg is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18955036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955036" title="Stephen Metcalfe">
Stephen Metcalfe

Stephen Metcalfe is an American film director and screenwriter. Metcalfe's career has touched on all forms of dramatic writing; screen, television and stage.
Metcalfe's first produced screenplay was "Jacknife". Based on his Off-Broadway play, "Strange Snow", it starred Robert De Niro, Ed Harris and Cathy Bates and was directed by David Jones. The adaptation of French director Jean-Charles Tacchella's "Cousin, cousine" soon followed. Produced by Paramount Pictures, "Cousins" was directed by Joel Schumacher.
Metcalfe has adapted both stage plays and novels. His play "Emily" was done for Scott Rudin and Paramount Pictures; "Time Flies", by Paul Linke, was adapted for producer Laura Ziskin; A.R. Gurney’s "The Old Boy" was written for Touchstone Pictures; and Peter Mayle's comic novel "Anything Considered" was done for producer Stanley R. Jaffe and Sony Pictures.
In 2002 Metcalfe wrote and directed the independent film "Beautiful Joe".
Metcalfe's stage plays include "Loves & Hours", "Vikings", "Strange Snow", "Sorrows and Sons", "Pilgrims", "Half a Lifetime", "Emily", "White Linen", "Divirtimenti", "The Incredibly Famous Willy Rivers", and "White man Dancing". His new play "The Tragedy of the Commons" will premiere in January 2011 at Cygnet Theatre Company in San Diego.
Personal.
Metcalfe grew up in Cheshire, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="18955037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955037" title="Aitíth mac Laigni">
Aitíth mac Laigni

Aitíth mac Laigni (died 898) (also Aidíth) was a King of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland. He belonged to a branch of the Dal nAraide known as the Uí Echach Cobo in the west part of county Down. He ruled as King of Ulaid from 896-98.
His last direct ancestor to hold the throne of Ulaid was Fergus mac Áedáin (died 692) of whom he was a 6th generation descendant. He possibly became King of Coba (Cuib) in 882 on the death of Conallán mac Máele Dúin.
He first appears in the annals in 893 when he caused a disturbance at Armagh between the Ulaid and the Cenél nEógain. Some men were killed and the abbot Máel Brigte mac Tornáin had to separate the disputing parties. Compensation had to be paid to the abbot for this. That same year, he slew the King of Ulaid, Bécc mac Airemóin of the Dal Fiatach. He was then responsible for the assassination of Muiredach mac Eochocáin (died 895), another Dal Fiatach King of Ulaid.
Aitíth became king in 896. In the year of his accession, the king of Ard Cianachta, Cummascach mac Muiredaig, (a subject tribe of Brega in County Louth) was killed by the Ulaid. Also in 896 he led a force in alliance with the Conaille Muirtheimne (of the Dundalk area of County Louth) which defeated the Norse and slew Amlaíb son of Ímar.
Aitíth's activities in Louth aroused the southern Ui Neill king of Brega. In 897 the King of Brega, Máel Finnia mac Flannacain (died 903) defeated the forces of the Ulaid at the Battle of Rath Cró. Among the slain were Muiredach mac Mac Éitig, King of Dal nAraide and Aindiarraid mac Máele Mocheirge, King of the Leth Cathail (Lecale) branch of the Dal Fiatach. Aitíth escaped from the battle but was severely wounded. The next year in 898 he was assassinated by his own associates.
His descendeants, the Ua hAiteidh, dominated the Uí Echach Cobo from the late 10th century till the early 12th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18955064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955064" title="Desert Power &amp; Water Co., Electric Power Plant">
Desert Power &amp; Water Co., Electric Power Plant

Desert Power & Water Co. Electric Power Plant is located at 120 Andy Devine Avenue in Kingman, Arizona. The building was built in 1907-08 with additions in the following years 1909 through 1911. Tracy Engineering Company was the architect and McCafe Contracting Company of Los Angeles was the contractor. The oil-fired plant was considered one of the largest steam electric power plants in the Western United States. It had a powerhouse, transformer house and office. It operated until 1938; Hoover Dam took over the power supply. The building was vacant for some time, then used as a salvage yard.
Sometime in the 1980s, a couple of local people got together and formed a group known as the "Powerhouse Gang." Their goal was to renovate the old building into something useful. In 1997, the building was open to the public. The building belongs to the City of Kingman and is the home of Kingman Chamber of Commerce and Kingman Tourism Office and Visitor Center, along with the Historic Route 66 Association of Arizona and the Route 66 Museum. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18955077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955077" title="15 equal temperament">
15 equal temperament

In music, 15 equal temperament, called 15-TET, 15-EDO, or 15-ET, is the tempered scale derived by dividing the octave into 15 equal steps (equal frequency ratios). Each step represents a frequency ratio of 21/15, or 80 cents (). Because 15 factors into 3 times 5, it can be seen as being made up of three scales of 5 equal divisions of the octave, each of which resembles the Slendro scale in Indonesian gamelan. 15 equal temperament is not a meantone system.
History and use.
Guitars have been constructed which use 15-ET tuning. The American musician Wendy Carlos used 15-ET as one of two scales in the track "Afterlife" from the album "Tales of Heaven and Hell". Easley Blackwood, Jr. has written and recorded a suite for 15-ET guitar. Blackwood believes that 15 equal temperament, "is likely to bring about a considerable enrichment of both classical and popular repertoire in a variety of styles".
Interval size.
Here are the sizes of some common intervals in 15-ET:
15-ET matches the 7th and 11th harmonics well, but only matches the 3rd and 5th harmonics roughly. The perfect fifth is more out of tune than in 12-ET, 19-ET, or 22-ET, and the major third in 15-ET is the same as the major third in 12-ET, but the other intervals matched are more in tune. 15-ET is the smallest tuning that matches the 11th harmonic at all and still has a usable perfect fifth, but its match to intervals utilizing the 11th harmonic is poorer than 22-ET, which also has more in-tune fifths and major thirds.
Although it contains a perfect fifth as well as major and minor thirds, the remainder of the harmonic and melodic language of 15-ET is quite different from 12-ET, and thus 15-ET could be described as xenharmonic. Unlike 12-ET and 19-ET, 15-ET matches the 11:8 and 16:11 ratios. 15-ET also has a neutral second and septimal whole tone. In order to construct a major third, one must stack two intervals of different sizes, whereas one can divide both the minor third and perfect fourth into two equal intervals.

</doc>
<doc id="18955111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955111" title="Ispán">
Ispán

The ispán or count (, , and ) was the leader of a castle district (a fortress and the royal lands attached to it) in the Kingdom of Hungary from the early 11th century. Most of them were also heads of the basic administrative units of the kingdom, called counties, and from the 13th century the latter function became dominant. The "ispáns" were appointed and dismissed by either the monarchs or a high ranking royal official responsible for the administration of a larger territorial unit within the kingdom. They fulfilled administrative, judicial and military functions in one or more counties.
Heads of counties were often represented locally by their deputies, the vice-ispáns (, and ) from the 13th century. Although the vice-"ispáns" took over more and more functions from their principals, the "ispáns" or rather, according to their new title, the lord-lieutenants of counties (, ) remained the leading officials of county administration. The heads of two counties, Pozsony and Temes were even included among the "barons of the realm", along with the palatine and other dignitaries. On the other hand, some of these high-ranking officials and some of the prelates were "ex officio ispáns" of certain counties, including Esztergom, Fehér and Pest until the 18th or 19th centuries. Between the middle of the 15th century and the 18th century, neither was unusual an other type of perpetual ispánate, namely the group of counties where the office of "ispán" was hereditary in noble families.
Election of the vice-"ispáns" by the assembly of the counties was enacted in 1723, although the noblemen could only choose among four candidates presented by the lord-lieutenant. Following the Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867, vice-"ispáns" officially took over the responsibility for the management of the whole county administration, but lord-lieutenants presided the most important representative or supervising bodies of the counties. Both offices were abolished with the introduction of the Soviet system of local administration in Hungary in 1950.
Origins.
No doubt, the Hungarian word "ispán" is connected to the term "župan" ("head of a "župa"") in the Croatian and Slovakian languages, and to the synonymous Old Church Slavonic expression, "županъ". Accordingly, the title seems to be a Slavic loanword in the Hungarian language. However, a direct borrowing is problematic from phonological perspective, since the omission of the vowel "u" during the procedure ("župan">"špan">"išpan") suggests an intermediate language. The term "župan" was first recorded in the charter of foundation of the Kremsmünster Abbey as the title of an Avar dignitary. The Hungarian word is first attested as a proper name from 1269, and as a title from around 1282.
The office itself, however, had already existed under Stephen I (997–1038) at the latest, who was crowned the first king of Hungary in 1000 or 1001. The new king introduced an administrative system based on fortresses. Most of the fortresses were "simple earthworks crowned by a wooden wall and surrounded by a ditch and bank" (Pál Engel) in the period. Stone castles were only erected at Esztergom, Székesfehérvár and Veszprém. Archaeological evidence shows that a few castles had already existed in the last quarter of the 10th century, implying that the new system of local administration was set up in the reign of Stephen I's father, Grand Prince Géza ("c." 972–997).
The monarch appointed a royal official styled "comes" in contemporary documents at the head of each fortress. A "comes" was the chief administrator of royal estates attached to the castle under his command. Consequently, he was the principal of all who owned services to the head of that castle.
Most "comes" (about 50 out of a total number of 72 by the 13th century) also had authority over the population of the wider region surrounding the castle, including those who lived in their own properties or in lands owned by other individuals or ecclesiastic bodies. Each district of this type formed an administrative unit with "well defined boundaries" (Pál Engel) known under the name of "vármegye" or "county". Some of the castles and accordingly the counties around them were named after their first counts. For instance, both the fortress of Hont and Hont County received the name of a knight of foreign origin, a staunch supporter of Stephen I.
Middle Ages.
Monarchy of the Árpáds ("c." 1000–"c." 1300).
Each castle district served multiple purposes, accordingly their "comes" also fulfilled several tasks. First of all, the military of the kingdom was for centuries based on troops raised in the castle districts, each commanded by the "comes" under his own banner. He was assisted by the castellan and other officers recruited among the "castle warriors". Castle warriors were commoners who owned military service to the "comes" as the local representative of royal power in regard to their landholding in the castle district.
Castles and the estates attached to them were important economic units. Initially, a significant part of all lands in the kingdom (maybe as much as two thirds thereof) belonged to a royal castle. However, not all parcels in the "castle lands" was part of the royal domain (the monarchs' private property). On the other hand, huge woodlands owned by the monarch and his kin remained outside of the system of castle districts. Officials responsible for the management of the forested lands, the "royal keepers" never equalled the heads of castle districts in rank, although they were also styled "ispán" in the 12th century. The royal woodlands developed into counties by the end of the next century.
The "castle folk", that is peasants living in a village of a castle district, provided with food, wine, weapons or other goods the "comes" of the castle and his retinue. They were grouped into units called "hundreds", each supervised by a "centurion". Centurions were always appointed by the "comes" from among the castle warriors. Counts were also responsible for collecting taxes, tolls and customs. They only forwarded two thirds of the income deriving from these levies to the king, the income's remaining part was due to them. The grant of castle lands to individuals began to erodate the economic functions of castle districts already in the 1100s. King Andrew II (1205–1235) was the first monarch to distribute large parcels among his followers, which "undermined the social and military organisation upon which the prestige of the counts" rested (Pál Engel). Royal monopoly of holding castles was abolished under King Béla IV (1235–1270). Hundreds of new castles were built in this period by noblemen.
Counts were also entitled to render justice in their districts. Heads of a county had jurisdiction over all the inhabitants of that county, but otherwise the counts' jurisdiction only covered the commoners who lived in the estates attached to the castle. Each "comes" appointed his own judicial deputy to assist him. However, more and more landowners received immunity from the jurisdiction of the "comes" from the monarchs. Furthermore, a rebellion of the so-called "royal servants" (in fact landowners directly subjected to the sovereign) forced King Andrew II to issue a charter known as the Golden Bull of 1222 which exempted them of the jurisdiction of the "ispáns". The development of towns set further limits to the counts' authority, since at least 20 settlements received the right to self-government under King Béla IV (1235–1270). 
Counties were developing from an institute of royal administration into a body of self-government of the local noblemen in the course of the 13th century, but the "ispán", "a royal appointee" (Erik Fügedi) remained their heads. Accordingly, the "ispáns" supervised the activities of the judges elected by the community of local noblemen with the task to "revise existing property rights" (Pál Engel) in many counties in Transdanubia in 1267. The existence of the institution of elected "judges of the nobles" is documented in more and more counties from the 1280s. Legislation prescribed that the ispán was to pass judgement with four judges elected by the local nobility from among their number.
Heads of the counties, along with the prelates of the realm, were "ex officio" members of the royal council. An advisory body, laws were enacted with the consent of the royal council, as the first king emphasized. The heads of the Transylvanian counties were controlled by a great official of the realm, the "voivode", instead of the monarch from the 12th century. Similarly, the "ispáns" of some Slavonian counties were appointed and dismissed by the "bans", the highest ranking royal officials in that province. The earliest "perpetual "ispánates"" emerged around the same time: the "voivodes" were also the "ispáns" of Fehér County from around 1200, the vice-palatines were the heads of Pest County from the 1230s, and the archbishops of Esztergom held the office of "ispán" of Esztergom County from 1270.
Late Middle Ages ("c." 1300–1526).
Large territories of the Kingdom of Hungary were put under the authority of powerful landlords by the time when King Andrew III, the last member of the Árpád dynasty died on January 14, 1301. For instance, Matthew Csák ruled over 14 counties in the wider region of the river Vág (now Slovakia), Ladislaus Kán administered Transylvania, and members of the Kőszegi family ruled in Transdanubia. Royal power was only restored by King Charles I in a series of wars against the "oligarchs" lasting up to the 1320s.
The monarch also succeeded in both acquiring a number of castles and increasing the territory of the royal domain, thus a new network of castle districts emerged. Most of the counties and the castle districts were distributed among the great officers of the realm in the following period as honours attached to their dignity. For instance, the palatines William Drugeth and Nicholas Kont were also "ispáns" of five counties under Kings Charles I and Louis I, respectively. In this period, all income from an honour was due to its holder.
County courts were headed by the "ispáns" or by their deputies. First of all, "ispáns" were responsible for enforcing the judgements of the county courts, although in his absence the court appointed one or two noblemen to fulfill this task. Initially, county courts were only authorized to pass capital punishment against criminals caught in the county, but more and more noblemen received the "ius gladii", that is the same right in their own estates, although they "were required to deliver the convict" to the "ispán"'s men (Pál Engel). Furthermore, magnates were granted the right to judge noblemen living in their own household, although only with the previous authorization by the "ispán" in 1486.

</doc>
<doc id="18955141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955141" title="Structural linguistics">
Structural linguistics

Structural linguistics is an approach to linguistics originating from the work of Swiss linguist Ferdinand de Saussure and is part of the overall approach of structuralism. De Saussure's "Course in General Linguistics", published posthumously in 1916, stressed examining language as a static system of interconnected units. He is thus known as a father of modern linguistics for bringing about the shift from diachronic (historical) to synchronic (non-historical) analysis, as well as for introducing several basic dimensions of semiotic analysis that are still important today, such as syntagmatic and paradigmatic analysis (or 'associations' as Saussure was still calling them).
Structural linguistics thus involves collecting a corpus of utterances and then attempting to classify all of the elements of the corpus at their different linguistic levels: the phonemes, morphemes, lexical categories, noun phrases, verb phrases, and sentence types. One of Saussure's key methods was syntagmatic and paradigmatic analysis that respectively define units syntactically and lexically, according to their contrast with the other units in the system. 
Structural linguistics is now overwhelmingly regarded by professional linguists as outdated and as superseded by developments such as cognitive linguistics and generative grammar: Jan Koster states, "Saussure, considered the most important linguist of the century in Europe until the 1950s, hardly plays a role in current theoretical thinking about language," while cognitive linguist Mark Turner reports that many of Saussure's concepts were "wrong on a grand scale" and Norman N. Holland notes that "Saussure's views are not held, so far as I know, by modern linguists, only by literary critics, Lacanians, and the occasional philosopher;" others have made similar observations.
History.
Structural linguistics begins with the posthumous publication of Ferdinand de Saussure's "Course in General Linguistics" in 1916, which was compiled from lectures by his students. The book proved to be highly influential, providing the foundation for both modern linguistics and semiotics. 
After Saussure, the history of structural linguistics branches off in two directions. First, in America, linguist Leonard Bloomfield's reading of Saussure's course proved influential, bringing about the Bloomfieldean phase in American linguistics that lasted from the mid-1930s to the mid-1950s. Bloomfield "bracketed" all questions of semantics and meaning as largely unanswerable, and encouraged a mechanistic approach to linguistics. The paradigm of Bloomfieldean linguistics in American linguistics was replaced by the paradigm of generative grammar with the publication of Noam Chomsky's "Syntactic Structures" in 1957.
Second, in Europe, Saussure influenced the Prague School of Roman Jakobson and Nikolai Trubetzkoy, whose work would prove hugely influential, particularly concerning phonology, and the School of Louis Hjelmslev. Structural linguistics also had an influence on other disciplines in Europe, including anthropology, psychoanalysis and Marxism, bringing about the movement known as structuralism.
Linguists who published articles on structuralism include: Leonard Bloomfield, Charles F. Hockett, John Lyons, R. H. Robins, Otto Jespersen, Émile Benveniste, Edward Sapir, André Martinet, Thomas Givon, F. R. Palmer, Ferenc Klefer, Robert D. Van Valin, Louis Hjelmslev, and Ariel Shisha-Halevy.
Basic theories and methods.
The foundation of structural linguistics is a "sign," which in turn has two components: a "signified" is an idea or concept, while the "signifier" is a means of expressing the signified. The "sign" is thus the combined association of signifier and signified. Signs can be defined only by being placed in contrast with other signs, which forms the basis of what later became the paradigmatic dimension of semiotic organization (i.e., collections of terms/entities that stand in opposition). This idea contrasted drastically with the idea that signs can be examined in isolation from a language and stressed Saussure's point that linguistics must treat language synchronically. 
Paradigmatic relations hold among sets of units that (in the early Saussurian renditions) exist in the mind, such as the set distinguished phonologically by variation in their initial sound "cat, bat, hat, mat, fat", or the morphologically distinguished set "ran, run, running". The units of a set must have something in common with one another, but they must contrast too, otherwise they could not be distinguished from each other and would collapse into a single unit, which could not constitute a set on its own, since a set always consists of more than one unit. Syntagmatic relations, in contrast, are concerned with how units, once selected from their paradigmatic sets of oppositions, are 'chained' together into structural wholes. These dimensions, still fundamental to all linguistic and semiotic organisation, are often confused with other, related but quite distinct dimensions of organisation. Prominent examples of this are the confusion of paradigmatic with spatial relationships, and syntagmatic with temporal relations. For the latter, for example, the fact that in spoken language syntagmatic units come 'one after the other' is misread as a temporal relationship rather than the abstract structural relationship that it actually is. Thus, in written language, syntagmatic units are organised by spatial sequentiality and not by temporal sequentiality. These conflations can be quite pernicious and need to be watched for carefully when reading texts purporting to use Saussurean or semiotic methods. 
One further common confusion here is that syntagmatic relations, assumed to occur in time, are anchored in speech and are considered either diachronic (confusing syntagmatic with historical) or are part of parole ("everyday speech": confusing syntagmatic with performance and behaviour and divorcing it from the linguistic system), or both. Both paradigmatic and syntagmatic organizations belong to the abstract system of language "langue" (French for "Language;" or an abstract, Platonic ideal). Different linguistic theories place different weight on the study of these dimensions: all structural and generative accounts, for example, pursue primarily characterisations of the syntagmatic dimension of the language system (syntax), while functional approaches, such as systemic linguistics focus on the paradigmatic. Both dimensions need to be appropriately included, however.
Syntagmatic and paradigmatic relations provide the structural linguist with a tool for categorization for phonology, morphology and syntax. Take morphology, for example. The signs "cat" and "cats" are associated in the mind, producing an abstract paradigm of the word forms of "cat". Comparing this with other paradigms of word forms, we can note that in the English language the plural often consists of little more than adding an "S" to the end of the word. Likewise, through paradigmatic and syntagmatic analysis, we can discover the syntax of sentences. For instance, contrasting the syntagma ("I should") and ("Should I?") allows us to realize that in French we only have to invert the units to turn a sentence into a question. We thus take syntagmatic evidence (difference in structural configurations) as indicators of paradigmatic relations (e.g., in the present case: questions vs. assertions). The most detailed account of the relationship between a paradigmatic organisation of language as a motivator and classifier for syntagmatic configurations is that set out in the systemic-network organization of systemic functional grammar, where paradigmatic relations and syntagmatic configurations each have their own separate formalisation, related by realization constraints. Modern linguistic formalisms that work in terms of lattices of linguistic signs, such as Head-driven phrase structure grammar, similarly begin to separate out an explicit level of paradigmatic organization.
Saussure developed structural linguistics, with its idealized vision of language, partly because he was aware that it was impossible in his time to fully understand how the human brain and mind created and related to language: 
Recent reception.
Linguist Noam Chomsky maintained that structural linguistics was efficient for phonology and morphology, because both have a finite number of units that the linguist can collect. However, he did not believe structural linguistics was sufficient for syntax, reasoning that an infinite number of sentences could be uttered, rendering a complete collection impossible. Instead, he proposed the job of the linguist was to create a small set of rules that could generate all the sentences of a language, and nothing but those sentences. Chomsky's critiques led him to found generative grammar. 
One of Chomsky's key objections to structural linguistics was its inadequacy in explaining complex and/or ambiguous sentences. As Searle writes: 
By the latter half of the 20th century, many of Saussure's ideas were under heavy criticism. In 1972, Chomsky described structural linguistics as an "impoverished and thoroughly inadequate conception of language," while in 1984, Marcus Mitchell declared that structural linguistics was "fundamentally inadequate to process the full range of natural language furthermore was held by no current researchers, to my knowledge." Holland writes that it was widely accepted that Chomsky had "decisively refuted Saussure. [...] Much of Chomsky's work is not accepted by other linguists I am not claiming that Chomsky is right, only that Chomsky has proven that Saussure is wrong. Linguists who reject Chomsky claim to be going beyond Chomsky, or they cling to phrase-structure grammars. They are not turning back to Saussure."
Holland's pessimistic view of Saussure's influence in contemporary linguistics is not universally agreed to. In 2012, Gilbert Lazard dismissed the Chomskyean approach as passé while applauding a return to Saussurrean structuralism as the only course by which linguistics can become more scientific.
In the 1950s Saussure's ideas were appropriated by several prominent figures in continental philosophy, and from there were borrowed in literary theory, where they are used to interpret novels and other texts. However, several critics have charged that Saussure's ideas have been misunderstood or deliberately distorted by continental philosophers and literary theorists and are certainly not directly applicable to the textual level, which Saussure himself would have firmly placed within parole and so not amenable to his theoretical constructs. For example, Searle maintains that, in developing his deconstruction method, Jacques Derrida altered one of Saussure's key concepts: "The correct claim that the elements of the language only function as elements because of the differences they have from one another is converted into the false claim that the elements [...] are "constituted on" (Derrida) the "traces" of these other elements."

</doc>
<doc id="18955157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955157" title="Transcare EMS">
Transcare EMS

TransCare EMS (TransCare) provides Advanced Life Support (ALS) and Basic Life Support (BLS) ambulance transportation services in the areas of New York City, the Hudson Valley, Long Island, the state of Delaware, the Baltimore-Washington DC corridor and in numerous locations in Pennsylvania. It is the largest privately owned ambulance service in the Mid-Atlantic States. TransCare operates ambulances staffed by emergency medical technicians (EMTs) and paramedics. TransCare holds Emergency Response 911 contracts in New York City, Westchester, Putnam and Dutchess Counties in New York. TransCare also operates a non-emergency medical transport system utilizing ambulettes, has a staffed 'Special Events' operations Division and also employs flight crews for emergency medical air transport.
History.
Transcare currently consists of several former medical transportation companies that have merged into one company. Those companies include AA Ambulance, MetroCare, Metropolitan Ambulance, Metro North Ambulance, United Ambulance, UniMet, Alamo EMS and Abbey Richmond Ambulance.
Operations.
New York.
TransCare has extensive operations in New York State, with a large concentration in the New York City area. Operations are headquartered out of Brooklyn with secondary offices in Mount Vernon and Wappinger. In Westchester County TransCare holds numerous 911 contracts for municipalities such as New Rochelle, Mount Vernon, White Plains, and Mount Pleasant..
In October 2008 TransCare was awarded a 1.2 million dollar per year ALS contract for Putnam County, which provides four paramedics to the county 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. The contract also provides BLS ambulances to assist area volunteers.
In Dutchess County the Town of Wappinger has utilized TransCare for two ALS ambulances around the clock since 2005. On January 1, 2009, TransCare won the ALS bids for the towns of Beekman, Pawling and Union Vale. On May 15, 2009 the town of Washington announced that they named TransCare the new ALS provider for the town which includes the village of Millbrook. On June 4, 2009 Transcare officially announced that they had begun the process of purchasing Alamo EMS. Once completed, the acquisition will give them 911 contracts in the City of Poughkeepsie, Fairview & Roosevelt Fire Districts, as well as numerous transportation contracts throughout the region and will expand Transcare's coverage into Ulster County. The Alamo deal was completed on September 19, 2009. 
In 2010, TransCare has also expanded into Orange County, by becoming the Sole ALS provider for Cornwall Volunteer Ambulance, the contracted transport company for Keller Army Hospital in West Point and the back up ALS provider for the Town of Highlands
In 2012, their top dispatcher Kevin B. left the company after 6 years, to move forward with his studies.

</doc>
<doc id="18955172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955172" title="Vitex cofassus">
Vitex cofassus

Vitex cofassus is a species of plant in the Lamiaceae family. It is found in Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines.
It yields one of two woods from the same genus called Molave Wood, the other being "Vitex parviflora".

</doc>
<doc id="18955202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955202" title="Pchelnik">
Pchelnik

Pchelnik is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18955214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955214" title="2008 Khurcha incident">
2008 Khurcha incident

The 2008 Khurcha incident refers to the May 21 2008 attack on two minibuses in the Georgian village of Khurcha, near the ceasefire line with the internationally unrecognised Republic of Abkhazia. The buses were carrying Georgians on the way to vote at the parliamentary election which was underway that day. 3 people were injured. During the high profile TV coverage later that day, and while voting booths were open, Georgian officials claimed that the attack was carried out by Abkhaz forces. Several investigations later showed that the incident was most likely staged by unknown Georgian servicemen.
The attack.
The attack took place on May 21, 2008, the day of the Georgian Parliamentary elections on a football field in the village of Khurcha. Two minibuses carrying voters from Abkhazia's Gali district arrived at the football field, where they came under attack by small arms fire and grenades. 3 people had to be hospitalised in Zugdidi, one of whom was seriously injured.
Reactions.
Georgia accused the Abkhazian side to have carried out the attack with Russian support. The Abkhazian side denied this and pointed out that Khurcha, the site of the incident, was well within Georgian-controlled territory.
Independent investigations.
On May 22, the Norwegian Helsinki Committee and the Human Rights Centre of Georgia carried out an investigation on the attack. They found out, that the buses had directly come to the football field, rather than to the polling station. Furthermore, media were already present at the scene, before the incident took place. Georgian security troops were immediately present at the scene of the incident, even though Khurcha lies within the demilitarised zone, the nearest base being 15 minutes away. The investigators further found out that the attack originated from a position only 100 meters from the Georgian side, that is, the side opposite to the ceasefire line. Local eye witnesses all stated, that they believed that the attack had been staged by the Georgian side.
Another investigation was carried out by the Reporter studio in Tbilisi, which made a documentary about the incident. It stated directly, that the attack was staged by the Georgian side. Before the busses were hit by grenades, the camera, that would record this, had been already positioned on a tripod and was already recording the buses. Local residents reported, that they had been asked to come to the football field for a video shoot, without voting being mentioned.
The findings of these two investigations were largely confirmed by a UNOMIG investigation. It also found that, despite Georgian claims to the contrary, inhabitants of the Gali district had not been hindered from crossing the ceasefire line, in order to vote.

</doc>
<doc id="18955236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955236" title="Rupert Atkinson (poet)">
Rupert Atkinson (poet)

Rupert Atkinson (2 February 1881 – 6 February 1961) was an Australian poet. 
Biography.
E.J. Rupert Atkinson was born in Sandhurst, Victoria, and died in East Melbourne, Victoria, just after his eightieth birthday. Atkinson completed his high school education at Rugby School and Dover College, after commencing at St Andrew's College, Bendigo. He matriculated and studied medicine at the University of Melbourne but did not complete the course. After his father's death Atkinson inherited substantial property in the Bendigo area and soon devoted himself to a life of literature.

</doc>
<doc id="18955248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955248" title="Sorcerer Lord">
Sorcerer Lord

Sorcerer Lord is turn based strategy-fantasy game published and developed by now defunct Personal Software Services. It was first released in 1987 for ZX Spectrum and Amstrad CPC. During next 2 years game was also released for Commodore 64, Atari ST, MS-DOS and Amiga.
Game.
The game is set in the fictional land of Galanor. Galanor contains three human kingdoms, a forest kingdom of elves, a kingdom of barbarians and two kingdoms of mountain warriors. An invading army commanded by the evil sorcerer, the Shadowlord, is controlled by the computer. The player takes on the role of the Sorcerer lord and must use the forces of the Galanor Alliance under his command to counter this attack.
During the game, the human player and the computer take turns to recruit and move troops on a 2D map. The aim of the game for the Sorcerer Lord is to resist the initial attack of the Shadowlords' army and prevent him from holding any Galanor city or any magical Rune Rings for more of 11 days. The game is lost if the Shadowlord takes Galanor's capital city. 
The strategy element of the game is enhanced by the unique abilities of soldiers from the different kingdoms. For example, mountain warriors have the advantage of a siege bonus and whilst fighting on mountainous terrain, and some higher ranking human leaders have a magic bonus. Movement bonuses also depend on the terrain; for example Elves can move faster in the forest, whereas barbarians can move faster in desert areas. 
The game has a limit of 40 moves in the easy level, and fewer moves in the higher levels.
Reception.
"Computer Gaming World" gave the game a positive review, calling it a "fantasy wargamer's delight", albeit a very difficult game. The review noted the exclusive use of the numeric keys for movement made it easy to make mistakes with. The review also lamented the simple victory message upon winning or losing the game.

</doc>
<doc id="18955256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955256" title="Mohave County Courthouse and Jail">
Mohave County Courthouse and Jail

Mohave County Jail is at 310 North Fourth Street in Kingman, Arizona. The jail was built in 1909-10 and is of Classical Revival architecture style. Pauley Jail Co. were the architects and John Mulligan was the contractor. The new jail replaced the old jail, because the prisoners were breaking out too easily. It is one of the few remaining County Jails in the state.
Mohave County Court House is at 310 North Fourth Street in Kingman, AZ. The court house was built in 1915. Lescher & Kibbey were the architects from Phoenix and J. M. Wheeler and Collamore & Sons (from Arkansas) were the contractors. The court house was built with native stone from Metcalfe Quarry. The court house was used for county government for 70 years. The buildings were added to the register in 1983 as Mohave County Municipal Complex. Both buildings are on the National Register of Historic Places and the number 83002990.

</doc>
<doc id="18955303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955303" title="Flag of Mexico">
Flag of Mexico

The flag of Mexico () is a vertical tricolor of green, white, and red with the national coat of arms charged in the center of the white stripe. While the meaning of the colors has changed over time, these three colors were adopted by Mexico following independence from Spain during the country's War of Independence, and subsequent First Mexican Empire. The current flag was adopted in 1968, but the overall design has been used since 1821, when the First National Flag was created. The current law of national symbols, Law on the National Arms, Flag, and Anthem, that governs the use of the national flag has been in place since 1984.
Red, white, and green are the colors of the national liberation army in Mexico. The central emblem is the Aztec pictogram for Tenochtitlan (now Mexico City), the center of their empire. It recalls the legend that inspired the Aztecs to settle on what was originally a lake-island. The form of the coat of arms was most recently revised in 1968. A ribbon in the national colors is at the bottom of the coat of arms. Throughout history, the flag has changed four times, as the design of the coat of arms and the length-width ratios of the flag have been modified. However, the coat of arms has had the same features throughout: an eagle, holding a serpent in its talon, is perched on top of a prickly pear cactus; the cactus is situated on a rock that rises above a lake. The coat of arms is derived from an Aztec legend that their gods told them to build a city where they spot an eagle on a nopal eating a serpent, which is now Mexico City. The current national flag, the Fourth National Flag, is also used as the Mexican naval ensign by ships registered in Mexico.
History.
Before the addition of the first national flag, people flags used during the War of Independence from Spain had a great influence on the design of the first national flag. It was never adopted as an official flag, but many historians consider the first Mexican flag to be the Standard of the Virgin of Guadalupe, which was carried by Miguel Hidalgo during the "Grito de Dolores" on September 16, 1810. The Standard became the initial symbol of the rebel army during the Mexican War of Independence. Various other Standards were used during the war. José María Morelos used a flag with an image of the Virgin to which was added a blue and white insignia with a crowned eagle on a cactus over a three-arched bridge and the letters V.V.M. ("Viva la Virgen María" – "long live the Virgin Mary"). The Revolutionary Army also used a flag featuring the colors white, blue and red in vertical stripes. The first use of the actual colors—green, white and red—was in the flag of the unified Army of the Three Guarantees (pictured above) after independence from Spain was won.
While similar to the national flag that is used today, the eagle in these arms is not holding a serpent in his talons and a crown has been affixed to the head of the eagle to signify the Empire. Variants of this flag that appeared in this period also included a naval flag that had the tricolor pattern, but only contained the eagle with the crown above its head. The military also used a similar, square, flag, but the eagle was larger than on the national flag. The national flag was officially decreed by Agustín de Iturbide in November 1821 and first officially used in July 1822. This flag was no longer used upon the abolishment of the empire.
The current national flag was adopted on September 16, 1968, and was confirmed by law on February 24, 1984. The current version is an adaptation of the design approved by presidential decree in 1916 by Venustiano Carranza, where the eagle was changed from a front-facing to a side-facing position. Before the adoption of the current national flag, official flags have been used by the government. All of these flags used the tricolor pattern, with the only differences being the changes in the coat of arms, which was still charged in the center of the white stripe. One possible reason for the 1968 flag and arms change was that Mexico City was the host of the 1968 Summer Olympic Games. Around this same time period, the plain tricolor flag that Mexico used as its merchant ensign was also legally abandoned. The reasoning is that without the coat of arms, the flag would not be the Mexican flag; it would have become the Italian flag.
There was also debate in 1984 about how the coat of arms will be depicted on the national flag, including the reverse. To solve this problem, a PAN deputy proposed a change to the Law of the National Arms, Flag and Anthem that same year to allow for the eagle to face to the right when the reverse of the flag is displayed. In 1995, the law was changed to include the following; 
The flag partook a small part in Top Gear, when Richard Hammond painted a Mexican flag on his Austin Mini. He intended it to be an Indian flag as part of an ambassadorial trip intended to improve Anglo - Indian relations in trade. However, the flag he painted looked like the flag of the United Mexican States, subjecting him to "Banter" from his co - presenters Jeremy Clarkson and James May.
Design and symbolism.
The official design of the Mexican Flag can be found in Article 3 of the Law on the National Arms, Flag, and Anthem, passed in 1984. While the exact shades of the flag have not been defined by law, in 2001 it was reported, through a personal communication, to Flags of the World that the Interior Ministry, ("Secretaría de Gobernación") has suggested the following tones in the Pantone system, nevertheless such Ministry has not pronounced on the matter. So far, there are not official printed documents nor statements on the color shades. The Pantone colors listed bellow were employed by the London Organising Committee of the Olympic Games and Paralympic Games Limited in its "Flag Manual". while 2008 Beijing Olympic Games Flag Manual proposed others.
The article dictates what must be featured on the flag and also its proportions. Copies of the national flag which are made according to this law are kept in two locations: the General National Archive ("Archivo General de la Nación") and the National Museum of History ("Museo Nacional de Historia"). 
Common mistakes of construction.
It is a common mistake when constructing the flag of Mexico to take the Mexican coat of arms and place it in the center of the white stripe, using the Italian flag as the base design. At the time of the flag's adoption, the Italian tricolour had already been used, for example by the Cisalpine Republic, but it had different proportions from the modern Italian flag.
This error occurs due to the fact that some people incorrectly believe the only difference between the two flags is the coat of arms in the Mexican national banner. Both flags use the same colors (green, white and red), but the Mexican flag has darker shades of green and red. Most importantly, these flags present a different aspect ratio (proportions), which gives each one a unique look. The Italian flag aspect ratio is 2:3 (1 to 1.5), more squarish in shape, while the Mexican flag aspect ratio is 4:7 (1 to 1.75), resulting in a longer shape.
Protocol.
When the flag is paraded in front of a crowd, those in military uniform must present a salute according to military regulations. Civilians who are present give the following salute to the national flag: standing at attention ("firmes"), they raise their right arms and place their right hands on their chests, in front of the heart. The hand is flat and the palm of the hand is facing the ground. This salute is known as the "El saludo civil a la Bandera Nacional" ("The Civil Salute to the National Flag"). When the President is acting in the capacity of the Head of the Armed Forces, he salutes the national flag with a military salute. When the national anthem is played on television to open or close daily programming, the national flag will be shown at the same time. During certain times of the year, the flag is flown by both civilians and government personnel. Mostly, these events coincide with national holidays and days of significance to the country. During some of these occasions, the flag will be flown at half-mast to honor the death of important Mexicans. These dates are listed in Article 18 of the Law of the National Flag, Arms and Anthem. The national "Día de la Bandera" (Flag Day) celebration occurs on February 24. On this day in 1821, all the factions fighting in the War of Independence joined together to form the Army of the Three Guarantees in response to the Plan de Iguala, which was signed by Vicente Guerrero and Agustín de Iturbide, declaring Mexico officially an independent country. General Vicente Guerrero was the first military official who swore allegiance to the national flag. Another flag tradition is that before every Olympics in which Mexico is a participant, the President hands a flag over to the flag bearer, chosen by their peers, to carry with them to the host city.
Civil ceremonies.
The flag songs are dedicated to the flag day, it is a national holiday in Mexico. Flag Day is celebrated every year on February 24 since its implementation in 1937. The songs were established by President of Mexico General Lázaro Cárdenas before the monument to General Vicente Guerrero, first to pledge allegiance to the Mexican flag and Agustin de Iturbide:
Variants.
There are two variants of the national flag that are mostly used by the state and federal governments, the difference between the national flag and the variants are the designs of the coat of arms. In the first variant, which is used by the President of Mexico and secretaries of federal bodies, the entire coat of arms is coloured gold, with the exception of the tricolour ribbon, which is green, white and red, and with the stone, lake and talons of the eagle coloured in silver. In the second variant, the entire coat of arms is coloured gold, even the ribbon, lake, stone and talons. The second variant is used mostly by State governments and federal bodies who are not able to use the first variant.
Regulations for use.
The image of the flag is protected under law. A special permit is needed to broadcast its image. In February 2010, MTV Mexico controversially cancelled a much-publicised broadcast of an episode of "South Park", called "Pinewood Derby", featuring the flag, because it claimed that the permit had not been issued.
In 2008, Mexican pop singer Paulina Rubio was fined for posing nude
wrapped in the flag in a photo shoot for a Spanish magazine.
Chronology.
Others.
Other flags were flown as Mexican flags, either designed to intimidate the enemy or to act as identification. These flags were considered without subsequent formal documentation as national flag and temporally situated; Flag of Francisco I. Madero (February 9, 1913), Flag of Doliente Hidalgo (January 2, 1812), Flag of José María Morelos y Pavón, Flag of Francisco Villa, Flag of Siera Battalion, Flag of Jalisco Battalion, Libres de Puebla Battalion, Artillería Mina Battalion, Oaxaca Battalion, Toluca Battalion, Flag of Chihuahua Battalion, Flag of Durango Battalion, Flag of San Lorenzo Battalion, Flag of Lanceros Battalion, Flag of San Luis Potosí Battalion, Flag of Aguascalientes Battalion, Flag of Galeana Battalion (May 22, 1864), Flag of San Blas Battalion (September 24, 1846), Flag of Tres Villas Battalion, Flag of Milicias Battalion, Flag of Remixto Battalion, Flag of Quautla Battalion, Flag of 201 Squadron, Etc.
Monumental flags.
In 1999, President of Mexico Ernesto Zedillo started a program erecting giant flags across the country. Directed by the Secretariat of National Defense, the "banderas monumentales" (monumental flags) were placed in various cities and spots, most of which are of great significance to the nation. In a decree issued on July 1, 1999 by Zedillo, the flags were to be placed in Mexico City, Tijuana, Ciudad Juárez, and Veracruz. The decree also stipulated for the flags to measure 14.3 meters by 25 meters, which are raised on flag poles that are 50 meters high. After these initial monumental flags were created, cities such as Ensenada, Nuevo Laredo and Cancún were reported to have their own monumental flags. Smaller flags, called "banderas semi-monumentales", have been erected in smaller towns and at various educational institutes.
As of December 22, 2010, the biggest Mexican flag in the world is now located in Piedras Negras, Coahuila. Located at the Gran Plaza (Great Plaza) right across from International Bridge I connecting Piedras Negras with Eagle Pass, Texas. The pole is 120 meters in height and weighs 160 tons making it the tallest one in Latin America and one of the tallest in the world. The flag measures 60 by 34 meters and weights 420 kilograms.
Mexico's first largest monumental flag was the one located at the Mirador del Obispado in Monterrey (northeast) with a pole of 120 tons and 100.6 meters in height. The flag measures 50 by 28.6 meters and weighs 230 kilograms, four times the size of most other monumental flags at the time. It is located at the top of the "Cerro del Obispado" (Bishopric Hill) at an altitude of 775 meters above the sea level (city's altitude 538 meters). There is another monumental flag of a similar size than Monterrey's in the city of Dolores Hidalgo, Guanajuato, cradle of Mexican Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="18955331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955331" title="1993 Miami Dolphins season">
1993 Miami Dolphins season

The 1993 Miami Dolphins' season was the 28th for the franchise and 24th in the NFL. The season was marked by Don Shula becoming the winningest coach in NFL history, passing George Halas against the Philadelphia Eagles. Also, during the Week 5 game against Cleveland, quarterback Dan Marino ruptured his Achilles' tendon and was lost for the remainder of the season. Quarterback Scott Mitchell filled in for Marino, and was Player of the Month for October 1993. Mitchell, too, became injured, leaving the team in the hands of Doug Pederson and NFL veteran Steve DeBerg.
Rookie running back Terry Kirby led the team with 75 pass receptions, and free-agent acquisition Irving Fryar caught 64 passes for 1,010 yards.
The Dolphins had a record of 9–2 on Thanksgiving Day, but lost their final five games of the season, missing the playoffs altogether.
Regular season.
On November 14, Don Shula became the winningest head coach in NFL history by winning his 325th game. The Dolphins beat the Philadelphia Eagles.

</doc>
<doc id="18955358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955358" title="R. L. Anderson House">
R. L. Anderson House

The R. L. Anderson House is a Bungalow/Craftman style house located in Kingman, Arizona. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Description.
The R. L. Anderson House is located at 703 Beale Street in Kingman, Arizona. The home was built around 1915 by Lovin & Withers in the Bungalow/Craftman style. It is one of the houses built with brick instead of stone or wood or adobe style. The house was added to the National Register of Historical Places in 1986 as No. 87001160.

</doc>
<doc id="18955362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955362" title="Kris Keller">
Kris Keller

Kristopher Shane Keller (born March 1, 1978) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the majority of his career in the Detroit Tigers organization.
High school.
Although born in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, Keller attended Duncan U. Fletcher High School in Neptune Beach, Florida. At the end of his senior year ) Keller was considered a top prospect. During the regular season Keller struck out 101 in 70 innings of work and was selected to the Florida Athletic Coaches Association All-Star game. In the post-season Keller threw a no-hitter against rival Allen D. Nease Senior High School, striking out nine. "USA Today" named him an honorable mention on their All-USA High School Baseball team. Following graduation Keller planned to enter the major league draft, but indicated a willingness to postpone a professional career and enter college if he did not receive a good enough offer.
Professional career.
Detroit Tigers.
The Detroit Tigers took Keller in the fourth round, and he reported to the Gulf Coast Tigers. Keller was pleased, remarking that "Coming from where I was supposed to be drafted, anywhere in the top five rounds was fine." Keller finished out the year in the Gulf Coast League, going 1-1 with a 2.38 ERA in six starts. Keller spent the next two years with the Low-A Jamestown Jammers and underwent a conversion from a starting pitcher to a closer. In he saved eight games and lowered his ERA to 3.27. The next the Tigers rewarded Keller with a promotion to the Single-A West Michigan Whitecaps where he went 5-3 as a relief pitcher with an additional eight saves and a 2.92 ERA. In moved up to the Double-A Jacksonville Suns. For Keller, it was an opportunity to pitch for a team which he had watched as a child: "It's been an awesome experience, playing again in front of my parents and buddies." Although Keller exhibited some control problems he saved 28 games with a 2.91 ERA. At the end of the year Keller was considered a "top-flight closer."
The Tigers moved Keller up to the Triple-A Toledo Mud Hens for where his ERA ballooned to 4.48, his highest since 1997. Returning to Toledo for , Keller lowered his ERA to 2.08 and commanded a fastball in the high 90s. On May 24 Keller received the call and headed for Detroit in place of Oscar Salazar. Keller made his major league debut that same evening in a game against the Chicago White Sox. Keller entered in the bottom of the 8th inning with Chicago already up 9-1 and gave up a three-run home run to Magglio Ordóñez. His one inning pitched that day proved to be the only inning he would pitch in the Major Leagues. 
The next day the Tigers placed Keller on the disabled list with a "strained right triceps" and on June 20 traded him to the Atlanta Braves for outfielder George Lombard.
Around the minors.
Atlanta assigned Keller to the Richmond Braves, their Triple-A affiliate. John Schuerholz, Atlanta's general manager, was optimistic about Keller: "We've got good reports on the guy and we think he's got the chance to give us another real power arm." Keller finished out the season with Richmond, going 1-0 with a 3.60 ERA. At the end of the year the Braves took Keller off the 40-man roster; without a contract and concerned by the strength of Atlanta's bullpen, was granted free agency and signed with the San Diego Padres, who sent him to the Triple-A Portland Beavers. The Padres released him in May after a rough start; in 18 appearances Keller was 1-1 with a 5.63 ERA. The Cincinnati Reds signed Keller to a minor league contract, and he spent the majority of the season with the Double-A Chattanooga Lookouts, minus a short stint with the Triple-A Louisville Bats.
The Reds granted Keller free agency at the end of the year and he signed with the Chicago White Sox, who assigned him to the Double-A Birmingham Barons. At the end of May Chicago released Keller; in fifteen appearances he was 0-3 with an 8.25 ERA. The Texas Rangers picked up Keller and sent him to the Double-A Frisco RoughRiders, but after Keller posted a 7.94 ERA in fourteen appearances Texas released him as well, marking the end of his professional career.

</doc>
<doc id="18955437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955437" title="J. M. Gates House">
J. M. Gates House

The J. M. Gates House is a Bungalow/Craftsman style house located in Kingman, Arizona.
Description.
The J. M. Gates House is located at 714 East Oak Street in Kingman, Arizona. The house was built in 1915 in the Bungalow/Craftsman style with the only bungalow with a corner entry. Mr. Gates came to Arizona in 1910, worked at a mercantile store in Chloride, Arizona. In 1915, Gates and local businessmen Allen E. and John Ware started the Central Commercial Company. The store open in 1917, eventually the Gates family owned the business. The family occupied the home until 1952. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18955499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955499" title="Haunted Kids">
Haunted Kids

Haunted Kids (also known as "Haunted Kids: True Ghost Stories") is a series of true ghost story children's books written by Allan Zullo and Bruce Nash, (creators of "".) Unlike many anthology ghost story books at the time, these stories are all non-fiction and based on real cases. The true stories all involve children who have had encounters with the supernatural. As the series grew in popularity, the books began to focus on other true ghost stories, involving animals, sports, etc. The series was enormously popular, publishing millions of copies and eleven initial volumes between 1993 and 1997.
Overview.
Starting in the 2000s, the series was republished by Scholastic.
The first volume in the series has since been released on audiobook in 2006, narrated by John Ratzenberger.
The series spawned several spin-offs, all involving haunted locations, written by Allan Zullo.
A boxed set was released in 2008, containing six volumes from the book series and a skull pendant.
Haunted Kids series.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Related titles by Zullo.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="18955519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955519" title="Bonelli House">
Bonelli House

Bonelli House is at the corner of Fifth and Spring Streets in Kingman, Arizona. The house was built in 1915. 
Construction.
George Bonelli built the house with local tufa stone from Metcalfe Quarry. Construction is 2 stories, rectangular, low hipped roof with dormers recessed galerie on 3 sides supported by square
wooden pillars, front center entrance with transom and sidelights, interior chimneys, French
doors and tall windows for ventilation, 12-14" insulating walls; early plumbing and wiring intact,
many original furnishings. A vernacular adaptation of the “raised cottage style” well suited for
the desert climate.
History.
This was the second home on the same property, the original home burned down in 1915. The Bonellis owned a large ranch, general store, and jewelry store, and a meat market in Chloride, Arizona. 
The property belongs to the City of Kingman and is operated as a historic house museum by the Mohave County Historical Society. The Society also operates the Mohave Museum of History and Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="18955521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955521" title="Ottawa River Waterway">
Ottawa River Waterway

The Ottawa River Waterway is a series of portage bypass sites around rapids and dams along the Ottawa River, managed by the Governments of Ontario and Quebec, to allow recreational boating between Lake Timiskaming and Montreal. The Waterway officially starts in Mattawa, Ontario, but provides access all the way down to Pembroke and Ottawa.
Bypass sites.
The bypass sites provide hydraulic lifters and trucks for transporting boats along key portages. They are located at the following points:

</doc>
<doc id="18955544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955544" title="Satake Masayoshi">
Satake Masayoshi


</doc>
<doc id="18955560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955560" title="Scouting and Guiding in Mali">
Scouting and Guiding in Mali

Scouting and Guiding in Mali is served by the

</doc>
<doc id="18955576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955576" title="Alessandro Torlonia, 2nd Prince di Civitella-Cesi">
Alessandro Torlonia, 2nd Prince di Civitella-Cesi

Don Alessandro Raffaele Torlonia (January 1, 1800 – February 7, 1886) was an Italian nobleman of the House of Torlonia, titled Duca di Ceri, Prince di Fucino. He was the second Prince of Civitella-Cesi, and the son of Giovanni Torlonia, 1st Prince di Civitella-Cesi (1754-1829). 
In 1829, Alessandro Torlonia inherited the vast fortune from his father Giovanni Torlonia, 1st Prince di Civitella-Cesi (1754-1829). This came mainly from banking. In the subsequent years 1832-42, Alessandro greatly expanded Villa Torlonia which had been started by his father in 1806, and he increased on the wealth primarily from acquiring the monopoly for salt and tobacco business in the Rome and Naples areas. It was Alessandro Torlonia who financed the draining of the Fucine Lake 1862-73, thus removing a major factor for malaria. According to the "North Otago Times", it was common to hear in Rome:
"O Torlonia secca ll lago Fucino, o il lago Fucino secca Torlonia" — ("Either Torlonia will drain the Fucine lake, or the Fucine lake will drain Torlonia") --"North Otago Times", Volume VIII, Issue 202, 30 April 1867, Page 3
This action subsequently enabled Cerchio families to farm the lake bed's rich soils under the Torlonia Administration. For this, Victor Emmanuel II of Italy offered Alessandro a special one-off gold medal an the title "Prince of Fucino".
Alessandro was born in Rome on 1 January 1800. He married the princess Donna Teresa Colonna-Doria (Rome, 22 July 1823-Rome, 17 March 1875) in Rome on 16 July 1840. She was of the roman Colonna family. They had two children, Anna Maria (1855-1901) who in 1872 married Giulio Borghese (1847-1914), and Giovanna Giacinta Carolina (1856-1875). Alessandro died in Rome on 7 February 1886. Upon his death, his original Prince title passed to Don Augusto Torlonia, 3rd Prince di Civitella Cesi, grandson of Alessandro's older brother, Giulio. His Prince di Fucino was passed to his son-in-law, Giulio (1847-1914) who became the 2nd Prince di Fucino.

</doc>
<doc id="18955610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955610" title="Vien (Hasidic community)">
Vien (Hasidic community)

Vien (וויען) is an American Haredi Kehilla (community) originating in present-day Vienna. The name of their congregation is ""Kehal Adas Yereim Vien"" (קהל עדת יראים וויען) (translation: Congregation of the Reverent, Vienna).
Kehal Adas Yereim Vien was formally established on Sunday, May 25, 1941 by Klonumos Karl Richter. It traces its origins from a congregation of devout "Oberlander" non-hasidic Jews who had moved from Burgenland, Austria (Primarily from the "Sheva Kehillos"), Slovakia and Hungary ('The Oberland') to Vienna (headquartering itself in the renowned Schiffschul) and then on to Williamsburg under the leadership of Rabbi Yonasan Steif.
Subsequent Leaders of the Viener Kehilla.
Rabbi Steif was succeeded by Rabbi Ezriel Yehuda Lebowitz "(Hudhazer Rov)" who was succeeded by the current Viener Rov, Rabbi Asher Anshel Katz. Prior to his appointment, Rabbi Katz was the Rov of the Szombathely shul in Williamsburg which was established by his late father, Rabbi Yehoshua Katz who arrived in America after World War II from Szombathely, Hungary. (After Rabbi Asher Anshel Katz was appointed as Viener Rov, his son in law, Rabbi Aaron Yeshaye Rosner assumed his position as the Szombathely Rov).
Transition to Hasidism.
While the original Viener Kehilla strictly adhered to the customs of Ashkenazi and Yekkish Jews, during the past 30 years there has been a gradual "hasidishization" of Viener practices among the younger members of the group due to the proximity and political dominance of "mainstream" hasidim in their neighborhoods of Williamsburg and Borough Park in Brooklyn, New York.
Some of the most notable differences of the pre-hasidic Vien were:
Today, while there are still a few members left who follow the old viener way, the vast majority is like any other hasidic sect in every way. Other Hungarian hasidic sects that underwent very similar transitions include Nitra, Kashau, Tzehlim, Krasna and Pupa.
On the Saturday of "Parashat" Kedoshim, (May 2008), the Vienner Kehillah of Williamsburg switched from Nusach Ashkenaz to Nusach Sefard, although its affiliated Kehillot in Borough Park and Monsey, New York still maintain Nusach Ashkenaz.
Main books of the Viener Chasidim.
Rabbi Yonasan Steif wrote numerous books some of them are:
Chumash Limudei Hashem, Chadushim Gam Yeshunim on the Talmud, Mitzvas Hashem about Emunas Hashem & the noahide laws, Shalos Utshuvos Mahari Steif, and most recently Mahari steif on the Hagadah Shel Pesach and on Chumash Breishis & Shmos.
From Rabbi Ezriel Yehuda Lebowitz:
Ezer Miyehuda on Chumash Breishis, Pirkei Avos and more.
Rabbi Asher Katz Wrote:
Shemen Rosh on The Chumash and all Holidays.

</doc>
<doc id="18955611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955611" title="Raymond Carr House">
Raymond Carr House

The Raymond Carr House is a Colonial Revival style house located in Kingman, Arizona. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Description.
The Raymond Carr House is located at 620 Oak Street in Kingman, Arizona. The home was built in 1916 in the Neo-Colonial Revival style. B. Allen Brown and H. W. Charleton & Co. were the architect and contractor. It has a native stone foundation including the lower wall and stone came from A. H. Smith Quarry. Two story adobes home is one of the largest homes built and considered upper class residence. Mr. Carr is one of Kingman’s early pioneers. He was a stockholder in Kingman’s second bank, Citizen’s Bank. Then house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
The home is currently occupied by Carol Gordon who purchased it with her deceased husband Wesley Gordon in1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18955647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955647" title="9.15 cm leichtes Minenwerfer System Lanz">
9.15 cm leichtes Minenwerfer System Lanz

The 9.15 cm leichtes Minenwerfer System Lanz (Trench mortar) was a light mortar used by Germany and Austria-Hungary in World War I. 
It was a smooth-bore, breech-loading design that used smokeless propellant. It was chosen by the Austrians as an interim replacement for their 9 cm Minenwerfer M 14, pending development of a superior domestic design, which eventually turned out to be the 9 cm Minenwerfer M 17. The older Austrian design had a prominent firing signature, a less effective bomb and shorter range than the Lanz. Over 500 were ordered with deliveries beginning in April 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="18955671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955671" title="Little Hucklow">
Little Hucklow

The parish of Little Hucklow is situated in north Derbyshire. Whilst it is a separate civil parish in the Derbyshire Dales District, the Parish Council is joint with Great Hucklow, and Grindlow. The parish consists of the village of Little Hucklow and the hamlets of Coplow Dale and Windmill. The population of the parish is about 120. It lies within the Peak District National Park, under Hucklow Edge. The neighbouring villages are Bradwell, Derbyshire to the north, Great Hucklow to the east and Tideswell to the south. The village lies just west of the B6049 about a mile and a half north of where it crosses the A623 at the Anchor Inn. The village is linear and is aligned east-west.
The parish is highly rural with current farming activitiy being mainly livestock rearing. There was formerly considerable lead mining activity in the parish, including a shaft at High Rake mine. The mine is situated on a large vein about a quarter of a mile west of the hamlet of Windmill in the Liberty of Little Hucklow. This vein is known under different titles as it ranges from the Sir William Hill on the east to beyond Tideslow Top on the west. At High Rake shaft it is called the High Rake, but immediately west of the old Tideswell to Castleton road it is known as Tideslow Rake and past Tideslow Top as White Rake. Eastwardly and beyond Windmill it is called the Hucklow Edge Vein. The foundations of the mine buildings have been excavated by the Peak District Historical Mines Society. 
Windmill is a small hamlet in the parish of Little Hucklow, consisting of fifteen houses, and several farms. It is located on the lane that runs west from Windmill Triangle to the Old Castleton Road. There are a number of old houses, one of which was formerly a public house, and the other the village shop and cafe.

</doc>
<doc id="18955677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955677" title="Ross E. Householder House">
Ross E. Householder House

Ross E. Householder House is at 431 Spring Street, Kingman, Arizona. The house was built in 1916-23. The house is Bungalow/Craftsman style. 
The house was built by R. E. Householder. Mr. Householder was a mining engineer who owned his own business of civil and mining engineering from 1919-40. During the 1930s, he was the Mohave County Engineer. He did serve in the Arizona Legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="18955682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955682" title="Rincón de Tamayo">
Rincón de Tamayo

Rincón de Tamayo is a community in the municipality of Celaya, Guanajuato in Mexico. It maintains a relevance with regard to other communities in the municipality of Celaya. Singer Joan Sebastian wrote a song about a girl named Rosa who lived in Rincón de Tamayo. The late Josefina Mancera Martinez was born there in 1931.
Geographical Features.
Rincón de Tamayo has a population of about 9749 people. It is 1790 meters above sea level. It is surrounded by several hills that are relatively high. Rincón de Tamayo has no territorial extension because it is not a municipality, although people are trying to make it a municipality. There are no other communities that belong to Rincón de Tamayo because it is not a municipality, but it is known as the "reunion" spot for other communities that come to buy goods and study in the schools.
Schools in the District.
Demographics.
Rincón de Tamayo has a population of about 9749 people. Of that 4564 are male and 5185 are female. There are 5787 residents that are above the age of 18. 955 of those are 60 and older. The average amount of school attended by the people of Rincón de Tamayo is about 4 years and 1008 people have a little over post-basic education. Of the inhabitants that are 15 years or older, about 803 are illiterate.
Economy and Quality of Life.
There are a total of 2332 homes in Rincón de Tamayo. Of those homes, 2254 are normal homes or apartments. 107 homes have dirt floors and 75 consist of only one room. 2120 homes are connected to public sanitation. 2180 homes have electricity, 214 have 1 or more computers, 1569 have a washing machine, and 2150 have at least 1 television. (Info from 2005 census)
References: 

</doc>
<doc id="18955716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955716" title="Ilomantis">
Ilomantis

Ilomantis is a genus of praying mantis. Its only species, Ilomantis thalassina, is found in Madagascar.

</doc>
<doc id="18955748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955748" title="Danville Leadbetter">
Danville Leadbetter

Danville Leadbetter (August 26, 1811 – September 26, 1866) was a career U.S. Army officer and later he served as a Confederate general during the American Civil War.
A trained engineer, Leadbetter supervised the construction of forts before and during the war, and is noted for his controversial involvement in the November 1863 Battle of Fort Sanders in eastern Tenneesee. Afterward the conflict he left the United States and lived out the remainder of his life on foreign soil.
Early life and career.
Danville Leadbetter was born in Leeds, Maine. He attended the United States Military Academy in West Point in July 1832, and graduated four years later, standing third out of 49 cadets. He was commissioned a second lieutenant in the 1st U.S. Artillery on July 1, 1836. Leadbetter transferred to the Army Engineers on November 1, but as a brevet second lieutenant to rank from July 1. He then returned to the 1st Artillery on December 31, and went back and forth between the two regiments and ranks throughout 1837. Leadbetter was promoted to first lieutenant on July 7, 1838, and was promoted to captain on October 16, 1852.
Leadbetter spent 1853–57 at Mobile, Alabama, working on the construction and/or repair of the city's harbor forts. He resigned from the U.S. Army on the last day of 1857 and settled in Alabama. There he later became the state's chief engineer.
Civil War service.
Choosing to follow his adopted home state and the Confederate cause, entered service in the Confederate States Army on March 16, 1861, as a major in the army's regular engineers. He was sent to Mobile, Alabama, to oversee the defenses under construction. By August 3 he was the acting chief of the Confederacy's Engineer Bureau, a post he would hold until November 11. Two days later Leadbetter returned to Mobile and continued his work there. He was promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel that October.
Leadbetter was promoted to brigadier general on February 27, 1862, and began his Western Theater service. In May he was given command of the 1st Brigade in the District of East Tennessee (Department Number Two), and held this position until July 3. He next served as the Engineer of various Confederate districts and armies, and was assigned Chief Engineer of the Department then Army of Tennessee in the fall of 1863.
Knoxville.
As the Chief Engineer of the Army of Tennessee, Leadbetter was responsible for the layout of the Confederate defensive lines prior the siege and Battle of Chattanooga. During Lt. Gen. James Longstreet's Knoxville Campaign that winter against Union-held Knoxville, Tennessee, Leadbetter was sent by army commander Gen. Braxton Bragg to aid the Confederate planning against the Federal positions. Leadbetter arrived on November 25 and consulted with Longstreet, using his prior knowledge of the fortifications in Knoxville he had designed the year before.
For two days Longstreet, his subordinates, and Leadbetter reconnoitered the Union lines around Knoxville. After a second look at Fort Sanders, the dominating feature of the Federal defenses, Leadbetter recommended to hit them there. The result of this counsel led to the selection of the attack route and the ultimately unsuccessful Battle of Fort Sanders on November 29.
Leadbetter's last Confederate command was the District of the Gulf (Department of Alabama, Mississippi, & East Louisiana) from November 22 to December 12, 1864. There is no record of him receiving a parole from the U.S. Government when the Civil War ended.
Postbellum.
After the war Leadbetter fled to Mexico (as did many other ex-Confederate officers) and then went to Canada, where he died in Clifton in 1866. His body was returned to Alabama and buried in Magnolia Cemetery within the city of Mobile, Alabama.
Assessment.
Exactly how much and the quality of Leadbetter's service to the Confederate Army is debatable. Military historian Ezra J. Warner states he was usually highly thought of by several of his superiors; however Edward Porter Alexander, whom Leadbetter served with during the Knoxville operations, was critical in post-war writings of his involvement and influence in the campaign.
Alexander believed that in the selection of the artillery site to attack Fort Sanders, "Leadbetter evidently had no appreciation of the ground" he himself had earlier assessed as unpracticable and very exposed. Alexander believed Longstreet knew better, "but was misled in some way I have never able to understand" and that accepting Leadbetter's recommendations "robbed him of most of his few remaining chances of victory."
Engineer assignments and dates.
Leadbetter was the lead engineer of the following Confederate units, followed by his starting date:

</doc>
<doc id="18955753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955753" title="Vantaa River">
Vantaa River

The Vantaa River (, ) is a long river in Southern Finland. The river starts from the lake in Hausjärvi and flows into the Gulf of Finland at "" in Helsinki. One of the tributaries of the Vantaa river is Keravanjoki that flows through the town of Kerava north of Helsinki.
Use as water and power supply.
The country's capital, Helsinki, uses water from the Vantaa River as its backup water supply if the Päijänne Water Tunnel needs to be repaired.
The Helsinki-based energy company Helsingin Energia has a working power station museum located at the mouth of Vantaanjoki. The Hydropower Plant produces an average of 500 MWh annually.

</doc>
<doc id="18955757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955757" title="Lovin and Withers Cottages">
Lovin and Withers Cottages

Lovin and Withers Cottages are a complex of five Bungalow/Craftsman style cottages located in Kingman, Arizona. The cottages are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Description.
Lovin and Withers Cottages are located at the corner of Eighth and Topeka Streets in Kingman, Arizona. The five cottages were built in 1916 in the style Bungalow/Craftsman style. The five cottages are investment property, back then rentals were known as investments. There are five workers’ cottages as a complex. The five cottages were added to the National Register of Historical Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18955766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955766" title="Climate of Uruguay">
Climate of Uruguay

The climate of Uruguay is humid subtropical (Cfa according to the Köppen climate classification). It is fairly uniform nationwide, since the country is located entirely within the temperate zone. Seasonal variations are pronounced, but extremes in temperature are rare. As would be expected by its abundance of water, high humidity and fog are common. The absence of mountains and other weather barriers makes all locations vulnerable to high winds and rapid changes in weather as fronts or storms sweep across the country. Weather is sometimes humid.
Temperature and rainfall.
Seasons are fairly well defined, and in most of Uruguay spring is usually damp, cool, and windy; summers are warm; autumns are mild; and winters are chilly and uncomfortably damp. Northwestern Uruguay, however, is farther from large bodies of water and therefore has warmer summers and milder and drier winters than the rest of the country. Average highs and lows in summer (January) in Montevideo are , respectively, with an absolute maximum of ; comparable numbers for Artigas in the northwest are , with the highest temperature ever recorded (). Winter (July) average highs and lows in Montevideo are , respectively, although the high humidity makes the temperatures feel colder; the lowest temperature registered in Montevideo is . Averages in July of a high of and a low of in Artigas confirm the milder winters in northwestern Uruguay, but even here temperatures have dropped to a subfreezing .
Rainfall is fairly evenly distributed throughout the year, and annual amounts increase from southeast to northwest. Montevideo averages annually, and Artigas receives in an average year. As in most temperate climates, rainfall results from the passage of cold fronts in winter, falling in overcast drizzly spells, and summer thunderstorms are frequent.
Winds.
High winds are a disagreeable characteristic of the weather, particularly during the winter and spring, and wind shifts are sudden and pronounced. A winter warm spell can be abruptly broken by a strong pampero, a chilly and occasionally violent wind blowing north from the Argentine pampas. Summer winds off the ocean, however, have the salutary effect of tempering warm daytime temperatures.
Occasionally occur phenomena of extratropical cyclones: 
Institutions.
The Uruguayan National Directorate of Meteorology () is the leading institution in climatological matters. Since 1951 Uruguay is member of the World Meteorological Organization.
As a consequence of the 4th General Meeting of Global Environment Facilityin 2010, there will be an observatory specialized in climate change in Uruguay - a new experience on a world scale.
External links.
now

</doc>
<doc id="18955793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955793" title="Mimomantis">
Mimomantis

Mimomantis is a genus of praying mantis. Its only species, Mimomantis milloti, is found in Madagascar.

</doc>
<doc id="18955796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955796" title="115th Combat Support Hospital (United States)">
115th Combat Support Hospital (United States)

The 115th Combat Support Hospital ("Warrior Medics") is a combat support hospital of the United States Army formed in 1917 and perpetuated until today. The hospital has participated in World War I, World War II, Desert Storm and the Iraq War.
Command Team.
New Commander COL Andrew Doyle.
Colonel Kevin J. Stevens began his Career as an enlisted Soldier in 1974. He transitioned from the rank of Sergeant to a commissioned Officer in 1987 after earning his Bachelor of Science in Psychology graduating as a Distinguished Military Graduate. He holds a Masters of Business Administration and a Masters in Strategic Studies as well. His military education includes the completion of the Medical Service Corps Basic and Advanced Courses, the Combined Arms Services Staff School, the Combat Casualty Care Course, the United States Army Command and General Staff College and the Air War College.
Upon completion of the Officer Basic Course, COL Stevens was assigned with the 25th Infantry Division Hawaii serving 4 years as a Platoon Leader in the 1st of the 14th Infantry Battalion and later as platoon leader and Operations Officer in the 25th Medical Battalion.
Upon completion of the Advanced Course, COL Stevens served as the Medical Operations Officer with the 7th Special Forces Group, Fort Bragg, North Carolina. He then served as Company Commander with the 307th Forward Support Battalion, in support of the 1st Brigade, 82nd Airborne Division, Fort Bragg, North Carolina. Following company command, COL Stevens deployed to Haiti with the US Support Group Haiti as the Medical Operations Officer. 
In May 1996 COL Stevens was assigned to the 1st Cavalry Division, Fort Hood, where he served in the 115th Forward Support Battalion as the S3 followed by his second command, Company Commander HHC, 1st Cavalry Division Support Command, 1st Cavalry Division Medical Operations Chief, and then transitioned to the Support Operations Officer, 1st Cavalry Division Support Command. Subsequently, he was nominated for and served as the Medical Operations Advisor to the Saudi Arabian National Guard in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. COL Stevens transferred back to Fort Hood serving as Chief of Medical Operations and Plans in III Corps Headquarters. Beginning in Feb 2003, COL Stevens deployed with the 5th Special Forces Group to Jordan and Iraq as the Special Operations Medical Planner with the Coalition Joint, Special Operations Task Force. Upon redeployment he was assigned to the 61st Medical Battalion, 13th Corps Support Command, Fort Hood as the Battalion Executive Officer. COL Stevens was then assigned to Fort Sam Houston Texas as Chief, Medical Operations Branch. In May 2005 he returned to Fort Hood Texas and was assigned to the 4th Sustainment Brigade, 4th Infantry Division as the Deputy Commanding Officer and Executive Officer where he deployed to Taji, Iraq, OIF/OEF 06-08. COL Stevens then commanded the 4th Sustainment Brigade Troops Battalion and deployed in support of OIF/OEF 08-10. Upon redeployment COL Stevens was then assigned to the United States Special Operations Command, Tampa, Florida as the Deputy Command Surgeon. He attended the Air War College 2010/2011 and upon graduation was assigned to the 1st Medical Brigade, Fort Hood Texas as the Deputy Commander. 
COL Stevens’ awards and decorations include the Bronze Star Medal (1 oak leaf cluster), the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal (5 oak leaf clusters), Joint Services commendation Medal, Army Commendation Medal (4 oak leaf clusters), Joint Services Achievement Medal, Army Achievement Medal (3 oak leaf clusters), Army Good Conduct Medal, National Defense Medal (2 oak leaf clusters), Iraq Campaign Medal, Global War on Terrorism Medal (Expeditionary), Global War on Terrorism Medal (Service), Korean Defense Service Medal, Armed Forces Service Medal, Military Outstanding Volunteer Service Medal, Army Service Ribbon, Overseas Service Ribbon (4 oak leave clusters), Combat Medical Badge, the Expert Field Medical Badge, Master Parachutist’s Badge, Ecuadorian and El Salvadorian Parachutist Badges, Air Assault Badge and the Ranger Tab.
COL Rebecca Douglas (Department Chief Nurse).
Colonel Rebecca Douglas began her Army career in 1987 after earning a Bachelor’s Degree in Nursing. She also holds a Masters Degree in Nursing Administration. Her military education includes completion of the Officer Basic and Advanced Courses, the Combat Care Casualty Course, the Medical Management of Chemical and Biological Casualties Course, the Instructor Trainer Course, the AMEDD Officer Clinical Head Nurse Course, the Advanced Nurse Leadership Course, the AMEDD Executive Skills Course, the Combined Arms Services Staff School, and Command and General Staff College.
Her units of assignment include General Leonard Wood Army Community Hospital, Ft. Leonard Wood, MO; 93rd Evacuation Hospital, Ft. Leonard Wood, MO with duty at Dharan, Saudi Arabia; Moncrief Army Community Hospital, Ft. Jackson, SC; Cadet Command with duty at Ft. Knox, KY; Brooke Army Medical Center, Ft. Sam Houston, TX; Womack Army Medical Center, Ft. Bragg, NC; Eisenhower Army Medical Center, Ft. Gordon, GA; and Evans Army Community Hospital, Ft. Carson, CO.
COL Douglas’ staff nurse experience includes Medicine, Surgery, Orthopedics, and Pediatrics. She has held various leadership positions to include Clinical Head Nurse, Post Anesthesia Care Unit, MEDDAC; Clinical Head Nurse, Orthopedic Unit, MEDCEN; Clinical Nurse OIC, Outlying Health Clinic, MEDCEN; ROTC Nurse Counselor, Cadet Command; Deputy Director, 91C Phase II Course; Deputy Chief, Hospital Education and Training, MEDCEN; Chief, Hospital Education and Training, MEDCEN; Nursing Section Supervisor Medicine and Specialty Care, MEDCEN; Nursing Section Supervisor Department of Medicine, MEDCEN; Director, 68WM6 Phase II Program; Chief, Department of Clinical Nursing, MEDDAC. 
COL Douglas’ awards and decorations include the Meritorious Service Medal (5 oak leaf clusters), Army Commendation Medal, Army Achievement Medal, National Defense Service Medal with 2 bronze stars, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal, South West Asia Service Medal with 3 bronze stars, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Armed Forces Reserve Medal, Army Service Ribbon, Kuwait Liberation Medal (Saudi Arabia), and Kuwait Liberation Medal (Kuwait). She is also a proud member of the Order of Military Medical Merit and a recipient of the Sigma Theta Tau Master of Science in Nursing Excellence Award.
CSM William L. Majors (Command Sergeant Major).
Command Sergeant Major William L. Majors entered the US Army in June 1987 and completed Basic Training at Fort Jackson, S.C. He completed the Medical Healthcare Specialist (91B) Military Occupational skills’ Advance Individual Training at Fort Sam Houston, TX.
His assignments include: 5/14th Infantry Battalion (L) with duty at Schofield Barracks, Hawaii; 3/15th Infantry Battalion (M) Fort Stewart GA; 2/72 Armored Battalion (AR) Camp Casey, South Korea; 10th Engineer Battalion (EN) Fort Stewart, GA; 3/7th Infantry Battalion (M) Fort Stewart GA; F Co 232nd Medical Battalion, Fort Sam Houston, TX; 32nd Medical Brigade, Fort Sam Houston, TX; USA MEDDAC, Fort Lee, VA; USA Sergeant’s Major Academy, Fort Bliss, TX; 16th Sustainment Brigade, Bamberg, Germany, and U.S. Army Medical Materiel Center, Europe (USAMMCE), Pirmasens, Germany.
He has held various leadership positions to include Emergency Treatment NCOIC, Evacuation NCOIC, Section NCO, Platoon Sergeant, Senior Drill Sergeant, Drill Sergeant Manager, First Sergeant, Operations Sergeant, and Sergeant Major.
CSM Majors’ military schools include: Primary Leadership Development Course, Basic Noncommissioned Officer Course, Advanced Noncommissioned Officer Course, Drill Instructor Course, and the United States Army Sergeants Major Academy – Class 58. He has an Associate of Arts Degree in Liberal Arts, and is currently working toward a Bachelor’s Degree in Homeland Security.
Awards include: Bronze Star Medal, with (V) Device, Meritorious Service Medal (2OLC), Army Commendation Medal (4OLC), Army Achievement Medal (4OLC), Army Good Conduct Medal (8th Award), National Defense Service Medal with 2 bronze stars, Korean Defense Service Medal, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal, Southwest Asia Service medal with 2 bronze stars, Iraq Campaign Medal with 2 bronze stars, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, NCO Professional Development Ribbon with numeral 4, Army Service Ribbon, Overseas Service Ribbon with numeral 2, Meritorious Unit Citation (1OLC). He has earned the Expert Field Medical Badge, Air Assault Badge, Combat Medical Badge, and the Drill Sergeant Identification Badge. CSM Majors is also a proud member of the Order of Military Medical Merit.
Lineage.
Distinctive Unit Insignia.
Description: A silver color metal and enamel device 1 5/32 inches (2.94 cm) in height overall consisting of a silver cross couped, bearing an oak tree on a mound proper all above a maroon scroll bearing the motto "EVACUARE" in silver letters.
Symbolism: The silver cross represents the activities of the Medical Corps, and the oak tree represents the service of the organization in the Meuse-Argonne Offensive during World War I.
Background: The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 15th Evacuation Hospital on 5 February 1942. It was redesignated for the 15th Combat Support Hospital on 8 March 1974. It was redesignated for the 15th Evacuation Hospital on 22 October 1984. The insignia was redesignated effective 16 September 1993, for the 115th Field Hospital, with description revised.
History.
The 115th Combat Support Hospital traces its origin to Evacuation Hospital #15, originally organized at Fort Riley, Kansas on 21 March 1918. At the onset of hostilities during World War I, the unit sailed aboard the "S.S. Mataika," departing the United States on 22 August 1918, and arriving in France 3 September 1918. Evacuation Hospital #15 earned a battle streamer for its participation in the Meuse-Argonne Forest offensive from 26 September 1918 through 11 November 1918. The hospital, having served honorably and proud during World War I, returned to the United States aboard the "S.S. America" and was demobilized at Camp Lewis, Washington on 28 June 1919. Evacuation Hospital #15 was reconstituted as the 15th Evacuation Hospital in 1936, after having been organized as an inactive unit of the Regular Army on 1 October 1933.
As the first hostilities of World War II began, the 15th Evacuation Hospital was again activated in a training status at Fort George G. Meade, Maryland. Shortly thereafter, the hospital was alerted for overseas deployment. Preparations for this move included the assignment of new personnel and equipment. On 8 February 1943, the 15th sailed aboard the "Susan B. Anthony," a converted passenger and cargo liner designed for 300 passengers, but redesigned to accommodate 2,700 troops. At this time, the unit had an assigned strength of: 39 officers, 48 nurses, 1 warrant officer and 248 enlisted men. Three days into the trip, the 15th learned that its destination was North Africa. On 21 February, the ship docked in Algeria, where the 15th unloaded its men and equipment and went into a staging area to await its first operational assignment. On 10 April 1943, the unit moved a distance of approximately 600 miles east to Tunisia, where it set up and began receiving patients. The 15th operated in a number of locations within the North African Theater until just prior to D-Day, 10 July 1943. At this point, the hospital sailed for the southern coast of Sicily, where it supported the beach-head established by allied forces. At one point during the Sicilian Campaign, the patient census rose to an astronomical figure of 978 inpatients. It is interesting to note that during this period (3 August 1943), Lieutenant General George S. Patton, Commanding General, 7th United States Army, paid a thirty-minute visit to the hospital, from that visit the often talked about "slapping incident" materialized.
The hospital moved to Italy, and participated in both the Salerno and Anzio beach-heads. It was during the Anzio beach-head that the 15th came under heavy artillery attack, suffering numerous casualties. Several members of the unit were decorated for heroism during that period.
The 15th continued to move north through Italy, and on 10 June 1944, established itself in a schoolhouse near Rome. This was the first permanent- type building the 15th had operated out of in over 18 months. The hospital's comparatively comfortable life in Rome was short lived, and on 21 June 1944, the 15th moved north in support of combat operations through Florence and the Po Valley into Milan, where it served until the end of hostilities.
In addition to several campaign streamers, including: Tunisia, Naples-Foggle, Rome-Arno, Po Valley, and North Apennines, the 15th Evacuation Hospital received the most prized award of all, the Meritorious Unit Citation, for its outstanding performance during World War II. Having served honorably and well, the unit was deactivated on 8 September 1945.
The 15th Evacuation Hospital was again reactivated on 25 August 1959, at Nuremberg, Germany, where it was responsible for the medical care of military and civilian personnel. The hospital acted as a MEDDAC and, in addition, operated various other medical activities throughout the Nuremberg area.
In 1961, the hospital moved to Kornwesteim, Germany and was constructed as a training unit without patients. During March 1963, the 15th once again began receiving patients and operated a 400-bed facility in Baumholder, Germany. In 1964, the hospital moved to Muenchweiler, Germany, where it again assumed a training posture without patients.
On 1 August 1968, the 15th Evacuation Hospital arrived at Fort Belvoir, Virginia after being airlifted from Rhein Mein Air Base, Germany during a period of troop reduction in Europe. On 21 January 1975, the 15th Evacuation Hospital was officially redesignated and reorganized as the 15th Combat Support Hospital, utilizing the new and conventional Medical Unit, Self-contained, Transportable (MUST) equipment which was capable of holding 100 to 300 patients and preparing them for further evacuation.
On 31 July 1975, the 15th Combat Support Hospital was alerted for deployment to Fort Indiantown Gap, Pennsylvania for the purpose of operating the Medical Treatment Facility, Task Force New Arrivals, providing comprehensive medical care to Indochinese refugees and task force personnel, both military and civilian. Movement of the 15th Combat Support Hospital to Fort Indiantown Gap began on 11 August 1975, and continued in increments until 22 August 1975, when the 15th officially took over operation of the Medical Treatment Facility at Fort Indiantown Gap.
During the period 22 August 1975 through 15 December 1975, the 15th treated 32 inpatients and evacuated an additional 137 patients. A total of 12,459 patients were seen on an outpatient basis. In addition, 8648 refugees were given dental care.
On March 1984, after nine years of distinguished service, the 15th Combat Support Hospital was reorganized and redesigned as the 15th Evacuation Hospital.
In March 1988, the 15th Evacuation Hospital began to prepare for the move from Fort Belvoir, Virginia to Fort Polk, Louisiana. The unit was officially deactivated in June 1988 and was reactivated in August at Fort Polk.
Officially reinstated, the 15th Evacuation Hospital became a valuable asset to the 5th Infantry Division. From 8 January 1991 to 26 April 1991, the hospital deployed to Saudi Arabia in support of Operation Desert Shield/Desert Storm. Iraqi POW's, women and children were primarily treated. Prior to deployment, the 15th was fielded with DEPMEDS (Deployable Medical Systems). In Feb 1993, the 15th Evacuation Hospital was redesignated the 115th Field Hospital.
The 115th deployed to Bosnia-Herzegovina from March to September 2000.
In support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, the 115th Combat Support Hospital deployed to Kuwait in 2003 and again to Adu Gharb Prison in Iraq from July 2004 to July 2005. During this most recent combat deployment, the 115th Combat Support Hospital, while under some of the most fierce combat conditions, created an entire system of Detention health Care from scratch, setting the standard for the Department of Defense to follow for years to come.
In support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, the 115th Combat Support Hospital deployed to Iraq for 15 months, 2008 to Aug 2009. During the deployment, the unit had health service support at four different bases: care for Iranian refugees at Camp Ashraf, set up a new hospital and provided care for 5,000 detainees and area support at Camp Taji, managed a hospital at Camp Victory which provided care to 3,500 detainees and 40,000 Soldiers, Sailors and Airmen, and the southernmost post at Camp Bucca cared for 22,000 detainees and 12,000 coalition forces.
In support of Operation Enduring Freedom, the 115th Combat Support Hospital deployed to Camp Dwyer, Afghanistan in late 2009 to December 2011. The 115th CSH provided level one, two and three health service preventive medicine support, while also leading a medical task force more than 400 strong that spanned the southwestern and western regions of Afghanistan. They treated more than 1,500 in-patients and 15,500 outpatients since the beginning of the year. They created a synchronized medical delivery system supported by a functional task force headquarters that facilitated communication, ensured adherence to standards of clinical practice and provided administrative support to direct reporting units,” said Darnauer.
The 115th CSH and its subordinate units such as, 6th Squad, 43rd Veterinary Detachment, 485th Preventive Medicine Detachment, and 565th Ground Ambulance Company, have deployed to various locations including: Bosnia, Haiti, Equador and Hungary from. 115th Combat Support Hospital training deployments during this time included numerous JRTC rotations, Partnership for Peace exercises, a Bright Star rotation in Egypt, Operation Rolling Thunder, Operation Team Spirit, MEDEX 2000 in Japan and various other exercises. The 115th Combat Support Hospital is the standard for all medical TOE units and has became a central asset not only for JRTC and Ft. Polk but the United States Army as well.
On 5 February 1943, the present 565th Medical Company (Ground Ambulance) was constituted as Company B, 426th Ambulance Motor Battalion. It was activated on 25 February 1943 at Camp Maxey, Texas. It was reorganized as redesignated on 25 September 1943 as the 565th Ambulance Company, Motor. The unit was again reorganized and redesignated on 25 April 1945 and became the 565th Motor Ambulance Company. After the end of World War II in Europe, the unit was inactivated on 15 November 1945 at Camp Myles Standish, Massachusetts. During WWII the unit earned Campaign Participation Credit in Normandy, Northern France, Rhineland, Ardennes-Alsace, and Central Europe. On 23 May 1955, the 565th Medical Company was redesignated and allotted to the Regular Army. It was reactivated on 1 July 1955 at Baumholder, Germany. In 1990, the unit again responded when duty called and deployed to Southwest Asia in support of Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm. They have also deployed to Kuwait and Haiti to provide medical support. Most recently the unit has been to Bosnia. The unit now calls Ft. Polk, Louisiana home. "Bring Them Back Alive"
The 485th Medical Detachment was constituted on 29 July 1921 in the Organized Reserves as Company A, 343rd Medical Regiment. On 1 October 1933, the unit was transferred to the Regular Army. The unit was activated on 20 May 1943 at Fort Dix, New Jersey and assigned to the XIII Corps. In October 1944, the unit was sent to England and was subsequently sent to France, where it followed the war through Belgium and into Germany. On 30 November 1946, the unit was inactivated at Karlsruhe, Germany. On 18 February 1953, the unit was redesignated as the 485th Preventive Medicine Company activated in Germany. The unit was sent to France in March 1953. Over the years the unit was reorganized and redesignated as the 485th Medical Company (5 June 1953), the 485th Medical Laboratory (24 March 1962), the 485th Preventive Medicine Unit (17 June 1963), and the 485th Medical Detachment (Preventive Medicine) (21 June 1973). The 485th Medical Detachment proudly answered it's nation's call when needed, and deployed to: Lebanon (1958), Iran (1962), Morocco (1963), Yugoslavia (1963), Arkansas, Texas, Louisiana and Oklahoma (1971), Arkansas and Pennsylvania (1975), Colorado (1976), Somalia (1993), and Surinam (1994). The unit is currently stationed at Fort Polk, Louisiana. "Bugs and Bullets"
The 43rd Veterinary Detachment was constituted in the Army of the United States on 20 March 1944 in China. It was reorganized and redesignated as the 43rd Veterinary Animal Service Detachment on 16 March 1945. On 20 September 1945, the unit was inactivated in China. On 13 August 1951, the unit was redesignated as Headquarters, 43rd Veterinary Service Detachment and attached to the Regular Army. On 22 August 1951, the unit was activated at Camp Carson, Colorado. The unit was subsequently sent to France. On 15 January 1953, it was reorganized and redesignated as Headquarters, 43rd Medical Detachment. On 3 December 1954, the unit was again reorganized and redesignated to become the 43rd Medical Detachment. On 23 February 1967, the unit was inactivated in France. On 26 May 1967, the unit was reactivated at Fort Sam Houston, Texas and later served in Vietnam. On 26 December 1971, the unit was inactivated in Vietnam. On 1 October 1993, the unit was activated at Fort Hood, Texas as the 43rd Medical Detachment (Veterinary Services). Effective 16 June 1996, the 6th Squad, 43rd Medical Detachment (VS) was moved to Fort Polk, where it falls under the command and control of the 115th Combat Support Hospital.
The 115th Combat Support Hospital has had a long and honorable history—one that reflects great credit upon its members, both past and present. Members of the 115th can justifiably be proud of their accomplishments and their tradition of outstanding service to the US Army, and should remember that the writing of this unit's history is an ongoing project, with pages still to be added. The 115th Combat Support Hospital, through the efforts of its members, will continue to serve in the finest traditions of the service.
Media.
The 115th Combat Support Hospital was featured on LT. Col Oliver North's "NRAs Life Of Duty" while serving in Afghanistan in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18955828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955828" title="O. E. Walker House">
O. E. Walker House

O. E. Walker House is at 906 Madison Street, Kingman, Arizona. The house was built around c. 1916. The house is in Bungalow/Craftsman style. The house is the only stone bungalow/Neo Colonial Revival style in Kingman. The house was built in native stone. Mr. Walker was member of Mohave County Board of Supervisors. Minnie E. Gulley set up operation of hospital in the house on August 19. It was known as the first hospital in Kingman. The house is on the National Register of Historical Places and the number is 86001175.

</doc>
<doc id="18955845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955845" title="Hart House">
Hart House

Hart House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18955868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955868" title="45 Grupo de Fuerzas Aéreas">
45 Grupo de Fuerzas Aéreas

The Grupo 45 del Ejército del Aire (45 Air Force Group), is a unit of the Spanish Air Force in charge of the transportation of the King, the Prime Minister, high ranking government officials and the Royal Family.
The Group is based in Torrejón Air Base, away from Madrid.
Fleet.
Current Grupo 45 del Ejército del Aire fleet is composed by 2 customized Airbus A310 in service since 2003, 5 Dassault Falcon 900 in service since 1988 and several helicopters.

</doc>
<doc id="18955875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955875" title="Tree">
Tree

In botany, a tree is a perennial plant with an elongated stem, or trunk, supporting leaves or branches.
In some usages, the definition of a tree may be narrower, including only woody plants, only plants that are usable as lumber or only plants above a specified height. At its broadest, trees include the taller palms, the tree ferns, bananas and bamboo.
A tree typically has many secondary branches supported clear of the ground by the trunk. This trunk typically contains woody tissue for strength, and vascular tissue to carry materials from one part of the tree to another. For most trees it is surrounded by a layer of bark which serves as a protective barrier. Below the ground, the roots branch and spread out widely; they serve to anchor the tree and extract moisture and nutrients from the soil. Above ground, the branches divide into smaller branches and shoots. The shoots typically bear leaves, which capture light energy and convert it into chemical energy by photosynthesis, providing the food needed by the tree for its growth and development.
Flowers and fruit may also be present, but some trees such as conifers instead have pollen cones and seed cones, and others such as tree ferns produce spores instead.
Trees tend to be long-lived, some reaching several thousand years old. The tallest known specimen on Earth is 115.6 m (379 ft) and they have a theoretical maximum height of 130 m (426 ft). Trees have been in existence on the Earth for 370 million years. Trees are not a taxonomic group but are a number of plant species that have independently evolved a woody trunk and branches as a way to tower above other plants and make full use of the sunlight.
Trees play a significant role in reducing erosion and moderating the climate. They remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and store large quantities of carbon in their tissues. Trees and forests provide a habitat for many species of animals and plants. Tropical rainforests are one of the most biodiverse habitats in the world. Trees provide shade and shelter, timber for construction, fuel for cooking and heating, and fruit for food as well as having many other uses. In parts of the world, forests are shrinking as trees are cleared to increase the amount of land available for agriculture. Because of their longevity and usefulness, trees have always been revered and they play a role in many of the world's mythologies.
Definition.
Although "tree" is a term of common parlance, there is no universally recognised precise definition what a tree is, neither botanically nor in common language.
In its broadest sense, a tree is any plant with the general form of an elongated stem, or trunk, which supports the photosynthetic leaves or branches at some distance above the ground. Trees are also typically defined by height, with smaller plants being classified as shrubs, however the minimum height which defines a tree varies widely, from 10 m to 0.5 m. By these broadest definitions, large herbaceous plants such as papaya and bananas are trees, despite not being considered as trees under more rigorous definitions.
Another criterion often added to the definition of a tree is that it has a woody trunk. Such a definition excludes herbaceous trees such as bananas and papayas. Monocots such as bamboo and palms may be considered trees under such a definition. Despite being herbaceous and not undergoing secondary growth and never producing wood, palms and bamboo may produce "pseudo-wood" by lignifying cells produced through primary growth.
Aside from structural definitions, trees are commonly defined by use. Trees may be defined as plants from which lumber can be produced.
Overview.
Trees are an evolutionary adaptation to competition for space. By growing taller trees are able to compete better for sunlight. They have modified structures that allow them to grow much taller and spread out their foliage, such as thicker stems that are composed of specialized cells that add structural strength and durability. They are long-lived perennial plants that can increase their size each year by producing woody stems. They differ from shrubs, which are also woody plants, by usually growing larger and having a single main stem; but the distinction between a small tree and a large shrub is not always clear, made more confusing by the fact that trees may be reduced in size under harsher environmental conditions such as on mountains and subarctic areas. The tree form has evolved separately in unrelated classes of plants in response to similar environmental challenges, making it a classic example of parallel evolution. With an estimated 100,000 species, the number of trees worldwide might total twenty-five percent of all living plant species. Their greatest number grow in tropical regions and many of these areas have not yet been fully surveyed by botanists, making tree diversity and ranges poorly known.
Trees exist in two different groups of vascular or higher plants, the gymnosperms and the angiosperms . Both groups are seed plants. The gymnosperm trees include conifers, cycads, ginkgophytes and gnetales. Angiosperm trees are also known as broad-leaved trees. Most angiosperm trees are eudicots, the "true dicotyledons", so named because the seeds contain two cotyledons or seed leaves. A relatively smaller number of other angiosperm trees are paleodicots; these include "Amborella", "Magnolia", nutmeg, avocado, and others.
Wood gives structural strength to a tree stem which is used to support the plant as it grows larger. The vascular system of trees allows water, nutrients and other chemicals to be distributed around the plant, and without it trees would not be able to grow as large as they do. The three main parts of trees include the root, stem, and leaves; they are integral parts of the vascular system which interconnects all the living cells. In trees and other plants that develop wood, the vascular cambium allows the expansion of vascular tissue that produces woody growth. Because this growth ruptures the epidermis of the stem, woody plants also have a cork cambium that develops among the phloem. The cork cambium gives rise to thickened cork cells to protect the surface of the plant and reduce water loss. Both the production of wood and the production of cork are forms of secondary growth.
Trees are either evergreen, having foliage that persists and remains green throughout the year, or deciduous, shedding their leaves at the end of the growing season and then having a dormant period without foliage. Most conifers are evergreens but larches ("Larix" and "Pseudolarix") are deciduous, dropping their needles each autumn, and some species of cypress ("Glyptostrobus", "Metasequoia" and "Taxodium") shed small leafy shoots annually in a process known as cladoptosis. The crown is a name for the upper part of a tree including the branches and leaves and the uppermost layer in a forest, formed by the crowns of the trees, is known as the canopy. A sapling is a young tree.
Tree-like plants include some palms which are not trees but herbaceous monocots that do not undergo secondary growth and never produce wood, and hence do not meet the definition of tree used in this article. In many tree-like palms, the terminal bud on the main stem is the only one to develop so they have tall, unbranched trunks with spirally arranged large leaves. Some of the tree ferns, order Cyatheales, have tree-like growth forms, growing up to but they are structurally very different from other trees: their trunks are composed of rhizomes which grow vertically and which are covered by numerous adventitious roots.
Distribution.
In places where the climate is suitable, trees are the climax vegetation. In some of the cool temperate regions, conifers tend to predominate, but in much of the southern hemisphere, the tropics, or in warm-temperate climates, broad-leaved trees are more common. Shade tolerance in young trees varies between species, and may determine the pattern of forest succession.
More than half the species of terrestrial plants and animals on the Earth are thought to live in tropical rainforests even though these occupy just five percent of the land area. In tropical regions with a monsoon climate, where a drier part of the year alternates with a wet period, different species of broad-leaved trees dominate the forest, some of them being deciduous.
Tropical regions with a drier savanna climate have insufficient rainfall to support dense forests; the canopy is not closed and plenty of sunshine reaches the ground which is covered with grass and scrub. "Acacia" and baobab are well adapted to living in such areas.
In cool temperate parts of the world, particularly in the northern hemisphere, deciduous broad-leaved trees tend to be replaced by conifers. The long cold winter is unsuitable for plant growth and trees must grow rapidly in the short summer season when the temperature rises and the days are long. Light is very limited under their dense cover and there may be little plant life on the forest floor although fungi may abound. Similar woodland is found on mountains where the altitude causes the average temperature to be lower thus reducing the length of the growing season.
Parts and function.
Roots.
The roots of a tree serve to anchor it to the ground and gather water and nutrients to transfer to all parts of the tree, and for reproduction defense, survival, energy storage and many other purposes. The first root produced by a newly germinated seedling is a taproot which goes straight downwards. Within a few weeks lateral roots branch out of the side of this and grow horizontally through the upper layers of the soil. In most trees, the tap root eventually withers away and the wide-spreading laterals remain. Near the tip of the finer roots are single cell root hairs. These are in immediate contact with the soil particles and can absorb water and nutrients such as potassium in solution. The roots require oxygen to respire and only a few species such as the mangrove and the pond cypress ("Taxodium ascendens") can live in permanently waterlogged soil.
In the soil, the roots encounter the hyphae of fungi. Many of these are known as mycorrhiza and form a mutualistic relationship with the tree roots. Some are specific to a single tree species, which will not flourish in the absence of its mycorrhizal associate. Others are generalists and associate with many species. The tree acquires minerals such as phosphorus from the fungus while it obtains the carbohydrate products of photosynthesis from the tree. The hyphae of the fungus can link different trees and a network is formed, transferring nutrients from one place to another. The fungus promotes growth of the roots and helps protect the trees against predators and pathogens. It can also limit damage done to a tree by pollution as the fungus accumulate heavy metals within its tissues. Fossil evidence shows that roots have been associated with mycorrhizal fungi since the early Paleozoic, four hundred million years ago, when the first vascular plants colonised dry land.
Some trees such as the alders ("Alnus spp.") have a symbiotic relationship with "Frankia sp,", a filamentous bacterium that can fix nitrogen from the air, converting it into ammonia. They have actinorhizal root nodules on their roots in which the bacteria live. This process enables the tree to live in low nitrogen habitats where they would otherwise be unable to thrive. Researchers have discovered that certain plant hormones called cytokinins initiate root nodule formation and that this process is closely related to the mechanisms involved in mycorrhizal association.
It has been demonstrated that some trees are interconnected through their root system, forming a colony. The interconnections are made by the inosculation process, a kind of natural grafting or welding of vegetal tissues. The tests to demonstrate this networking are performed injecting chemicals, sometimes radioactive, in a tree, and then checking for its presence in neighbor trees.
The roots are, generally, a subterranean part of the tree, but some tree species have evolved roots that are aerial. The common purposes for aerial roots may be of two kinds, to contribute to the mechanical stability of the tree, and to obtain oxygen from air. An instances of mechanical stability enhancement is the red mangrove that develops prop roots that loop out of the trunk and branches and descend vertically into the mud. A similar structure is developed by the Indian banyan. Many large trees have buttress roots which flare out from the lower part of the trunk. These brace the tree rather like angle brackets and provide stability, reducing sway in high winds. They are particularly prevalent in tropical rainforests where the soil is poor and the roots are close to the surface.
Some tree species have developed root extensions that pop out of soil, in order to get oxygen, when it is not available in the soil because of excess water. These root extensions are called pneumatophores, and are present, among others, in black mangrove and pond cypress.
Trunk.
The main purpose of the trunk is to raise the leaves above the ground in order to overtop other plants and shading them out. It also performs the task of transporting water and nutrients from the roots to the aerial parts of the tree and to distribute the food produced by the leaves to all other parts including the roots.
In the case of Angiosperms and Gymnosperms, the outermost layer of the trunk is the bark and is mostly composed of dead cells. It provides a thick, waterproof covering to the living inner tissue. It protects the trunk against the elements, disease, animal attack and fire. It is perforated by a large number of fine breathing pores called lenticels through which oxygen diffuses. Bark is continually replaced by a living layer of cells called the cork cambium. The London plane ("Platanus × acerifolia") periodically sheds its bark in large flakes. Similarly, the bark of the silver birch ("Betula pendula") peels off in strips. As the tree's girth expands, newer layers of bark are larger in circumference, and the older layers develop fissures in many species. In some trees such as the pine ("Pinus spp.",) the bark exudes sticky resin which deters attackers whereas in rubber trees ("Hevea brasiliensis") it is a milky latex that oozes out. The quinine bark tree ("Cinchona officinalis") contains bitter substances to make the bark unpalatable. Tree-like plants in the Pteridophyta, Arecales, Cycadophyta and Poales such as the tree ferns, palms, cycads and bamboos have no true bark but all have an outer protective covering of some form.
Although the bark functions as a protective barrier, it is itself attacked by boring insects such as beetles. These lay their eggs in crevices and the larvae chew their way through the cellulose tissues leaving a gallery of tunnels. This may allow fungal spores to gain admittance and attack the tree. Dutch elm disease is caused by a fungus ("Ophiostoma sp.") carried from one elm tree to another by various beetles. The tree reacts to the growth of the fungus by blocking off the xylem tissue carrying sap upwards and the branch above, and eventually the whole tree, is deprived of nourishment and dies. In Britain in the 1990s, 25 million elm trees were killed by this disease.
The innermost layer of bark is known as the phloem and this is involved in the transport of the sap containing the sugars made by photosynthesis to other parts of the tree. It is a soft spongy layer of living cells, some of which are arranged end to end to form tubes. These are supported by parenchyma cells which provide padding and include fibres for strengthening the tissue. Inside the phloem is a layer of undifferentiated cells one cell thick called the vascular cambium layer. The cells are continually dividing, creating phloem cells on the outside and wood cells known as xylem on the inside.
The newly created xylem is the sapwood. It is composed of water-conducting cells and associated cells which are often living, and is usually pale in colour. It transports water and minerals from the roots to the upper parts of the tree. The oldest, inner part of the sapwood is progressively converted into heartwood as new sapwood is formed at the cambium. The conductive cells of the heartwood are blocked in some species, and the surrounding cells are more often dead. Heartwood is usually darker in colour than the sapwood. It is the dense central core of the trunk giving it rigidity. Three quarters of the dry mass of the xylem is cellulose, a polysaccharide, and most of the remainder is lignin, a complex polymer. A transverse section through a tree trunk or a horizontal core will show concentric circles or lighter or darker wood - tree rings. These rings are the annual growth rings There may also be rays running at right angles to growth rings. These are vascular rays which are thin sheets of living tissue permeating the wood. Many older trees may become hollow but may still stand upright for many years.
Buds and growth.
Trees do not usually grow continuously throughout the year but mostly have spurts of active expansion followed by periods of rest. This pattern of growth is related to the climatic conditions, growth normally ceasing when conditions are either too cold or too dry. In readiness for the inactive period, trees form buds to protect the meristem, the zone of active growth. Before the period of dormancy, the last few leaves produced at the tip of a twig form scales. These are thick, small and closely wrapped and enclose the growing point in a waterproof sheath. Inside this bud there is a rudimentary stalk and neatly folded miniature leaves, ready to expand when the next growing season arrives. Buds also form in the axils of the leaves ready to produce new side shoots. A few trees, such as the eucalyptus, have "naked buds" with no protective scales and some conifers, such as the Lawson's cypress, have no buds but instead have little pockets of meristem concealed among the scale-like leaves.
When growing conditions improve, such as the arrival of warmer weather and the longer days associated with spring in temperate regions, growth starts again. The expanding shoot pushes its way out, shedding the scales in the process. These leave behind scars on the surface of the twig. The whole year's growth may take place in just a few weeks. The new stem is unlignified at first and may be green and downy. Palm trees have their leaves spirally arranged on an unbranched trunk. In some tree species in temperate climates, a second spurt of growth, a Lammas growth may occur which is believed to be a strategy to compensate for loss of early foliage to insect predators.
Primary growth is the elongation of the stems and roots. Secondary growth consists of a progressive thickening and strengthening of the tissues as the outer layer of the epidermis is converted into bark and the cambium layer creates new phloem and xylem cells. The bark is inelastic. Sooner or later the growth of a tree slows down and stops and it gets no taller. As long as the crown remains in balance with the roots the tree should remain healthy but its ability to defend itself against fungal attack is diminished. If damage occurs the tree may in time become hollow.
Leaves.
Trees are much taller than herbaceous or shrubby plants and ensuring the upper-most leaves are supplied with water originating in the root system requires that water is drawn up through the xylem from the roots by the suction produced as it evaporates from the leaves. If insufficient water is available the leaves will die.
The leaves of trees come in a wide range of shapes and sizes which have evolved in response to environmental pressures including climate and predation. They can be broad or needle-like, simple or compound, lobed or entire, smooth or hairy, delicate or tough, deciduous or evergreen. The needles of coniferous trees are compact but are structurally similar to those of broad-leaved trees. They are adapted for life in environments where resources are low or water is scarce. Frozen ground may limit water availability and conifers are often found in colder places at higher altitudes and higher latitudes than broad leaved trees. In many cases, their branches hang down at an angle to the trunk which decreases the likelihood of them breaking when weighed down by snow. Broad leaved trees in temperate regions have a different strategy for dealing with winter weather. When the days get shorter and the temperature begins to decrease, the leaves no longer makes new chlorophyll and the red and yellow pigments already present in the blades become apparent. Synthesis in the leaf of a plant hormone called auxin also ceases. This causes the cells at the junction of the petiole and the twig to weaken and sooner or later the joint breaks and the leaf floats to the ground. In tropical and subtropical regions, many trees keep their leaves all year round. Individual leaves may fall intermittently and be replaced by new growth but most leaves remain intact for some time. Other tropical species and those in arid regions may shed all their leaves annually at a particular time of year. Often this will coincide with the onset of the dry season or some other climatic event. Many deciduous trees flower before the new leaves emerge.
Reproduction.
Tree forms are found in a wide range of plants and their reproductive strategies are substantially the same as shrub or herbaceous plant forms.
Many trees are wind pollinated which may be an evolutionary adaptation to take advantage of increased wind speeds high above the ground, particularly in the case of those that produce pollen before the leaves emerge. A vast quantity of pollen is produced because of the low likelihood of any particular grain landing on an appropriate female flower. Wind-pollinated flowers of broad-leaved trees are characterised by a lack of showy parts, no scent and a copious production of pollen, often with separate male and female flowers, or separate male and female trees. The male flowers may be high up in the tree, often in the form of dangling catkins. The female flowers may be lower down the tree. The pollen of pine trees contains air sacs which give it buoyancy and it has been known to travel as far as . Tree pollen can cause allergies. A prime example would be hay fever, which can be caused by pollen.
Seeds.
Seeds are the primary way that trees reproduce and their seeds vary greatly in size and shape. Some of the largest seeds come from trees, but the largest tree, "Sequoiadendron giganteum", produces one of the smallest tree seeds. The great diversity in tree fruits and seeds reflects the many different ways that tree species have evolved to disperse their offspring.
The single extant species of Ginkgophyta ("Ginkgo biloba") has fleshy seeds produced at the ends of short branches on female trees, and "Gnetum", a tropical and subtropical group of gymnosperms produce seeds at the tip of a shoot axis. The seeds of conifers, the largest group of Gymnosperms, are enclosed in a cone and most species have seeds that are light and papery that can be blown considerable distances once free from the cone. Sometimes the seed remains in the cone for years waiting for a trigger event to liberate it. Fire stimulates release and germination of seeds of the jack pine, and also enriches the forest floor with wood ash and removes competing vegetation. Similarly, a number of Angiosperms including "Acacia cyclops" and "Acacia mangium" have seeds that germinate better after exposure to high temperatures. Angiosperm tree produce seeds in a wide variety of fruits, some of them include acorn, nut, berrie, pome, drupe, samaras, hesperdium, capsule and legume.
For a tree seeding to grow into an adult tree it needs light and space, if seeds only fell straight to the ground, competition among the concentrated saplings and the shade of the parent would likely prevent it from flourishing. Many seeds such as birch are small and have papery wings to aid dispersal by the wind. Ash trees and maples have larger seeds with blade shaped wings which spiral down to the ground when released. The kapok tree has cottony threads to catch the breeze. The flame tree does not rely on fire but shoots its seeds through the air when the two sides of its long pods crack apart explosively on drying. The miniature cone-like catkins of Alder trees produce seeds that contain small droplets of oil that help disperse the seeds on the surface of water. Mangroves often grow in water and some species have propagules, which are buoyant fruits with seeds that start germinating before becoming detached from the parent tree. These float on the water and may become lodged on emerging mudbanks and successfully take root. Other seeds, such as apple pips and plum stones, have fleshy receptacles and smaller fruits like hawthorns have seeds enclosed in edible tissue; birds and animals eat the fruits and the seeds are either discarded or are consumed and pass through the gut to be deposited in the animal's droppings well away from the parent tree. In some cases, germination is improved by being processed in this way. Nuts and other large seeds are gathered by animals that hide in caches any not immediately consumed. Many of these caches are never revisited, the nut-casing softens with rain and frost and the seed germinates in the spring. Pine cones may be hoarded in a similar way by red squirrels, and grizzly bears raiding the caches may also help to disperse the seed.
Evolutionary history.
The earliest tree-like organisms were tree ferns, horsetails and lycophytes, which grew in forests in the Carboniferous period. The first tree may have been "Wattieza", fossils of which have been found in New York State in 2007 dating back to the Middle Devonian (about 385 million years ago). Prior to this discovery, "Archaeopteris" was the earliest known tree. Both of these reproduced by spores rather than seeds and are considered to be links between ferns and the gymnosperms which evolved in the Triassic period. The gymnosperms include conifers, cycads, gnetales and ginkgos and these may have appeared as a result of a whole genome duplication event which took place about 319 million years ago. Ginkgophyta was once a widespread diverse group of which the only survivor is the maidenhair tree "Ginkgo biloba". This is considered to be a living fossil because it is virtually unchanged from the fossilised specimens found in Triassic deposits.
During the Mesozoic (245 to 66 million years ago) the conifers flourished and became adapted to live in all the major terrestrial habitats. Subsequently the tree forms of flowering plants evolved during the Cretaceous period. These began to dominate the conifers during the Tertiary era (66 to 2 million years ago) when forests covered the globe. When the climate cooled 1.5 million years ago and the first of four ice ages occurred, the forests retreated as the ice advanced. In the interglacials, trees recolonised the land only to be driven back again at the start of the next ice age.
Tree ecology.
Trees are an important part of the terrestrial ecosystem, providing essential habitat for a community of organisms. Epiphytic plants such as ferns, some mosses, liverworts, orchids and some species of parasitic plants (e.g., mistletoe) hang from branches; these along with arboreal lichens, algae, and fungi provide micro-habitats for themselves and for other organisms, including animals. Leaves, flowers and fruits are seasonally available. On the ground underneath trees there is shade, and often there is undergrowth, leaf litter, fallen branches and/or decaying wood that provide other habitat. Trees stabilise the soil, prevent rapid run-off of rain water, help prevent desertification, have a role in climate control and help in the maintenance of biodiversity and ecosystem balance.
Many species of tree support their own specialised invertebrates. In their natural habitats, 284 different species of insect have been found on the English oak ("Quercus robur") and 306 species of invertebrate on the Tasmanian oak ("Eucalyptus obliqua"). Non-native tree species provide a less biodiverse community, for example in the United Kingdom the sycamore ("Acer pseudoplatanus"), which originates from southern Europe, has few associated invertebrate species, though its base rich bark does support a wide range of lichens, bryophytes and epiphytes.
Trees can play a role in the development of an ecosystem, for example in mangrove swamps the roots of the mangrove trees reduce the speed of flow of tidal currents and hence trap water-borne sediment, leading over time to a reduction in water depth and the creation of suitable conditions for further mangrove colonisation. Thus mangrove swamps tend to extend seawards in suitable locations. Mangrove swamps also provide an effective buffer against the more damaging effects of cyclones and tsunamis.
Uses.
Silviculture is the practice of controlling the establishment, growth, composition, health, and quality of forests, which are areas that have a high density of trees. Cultivated trees are planted and tended by humans, usually because they provide food (fruits or nuts), ornamental beauty, or some type of wood product that benefits people. A small wooded area, usually with no undergrowth, is called a grove and a small wood or thicket of trees and bushes is called a coppice or copse. A large area of land covered with trees and undergrowth is called woodland or forest. An area of woodland composed primarily of trees established by planting or artificial seeding is known as a plantation and an area of land planted with fruit or nut trees is an orchard. Several biotopes are defined largely by the trees that inhabit them, examples being rainforest and taiga. A landscape of trees scattered or spaced across grassland is called a savanna. A forest of great age is called ancient woodland and a forest in its natural state, before being explored or exploited by man is a virgin forest.
Trees have conservation value and add interest to the landscape. They can be planted as isolated specimens in hedgerows or as shelter belts. They provide shade for people and animals. They can be planted in grand avenues in parkland or alongside roads in town and country.
Food.
Trees are the source of many of the world's best known fleshy fruits. Apples, pears, plums, cherries and citrus are all grown commercially in temperate climates and a wide range of edible fruits are found in the tropics. Other commercially important fruit include dates, coconuts and other nuts, figs and olives. Palm oil is obtained from the fruits of the oil palm ("Elaeis guineensis"). The fruits of the cocoa tree ("Theobroma cacao") are used to make cocoa and chocolate and the berries of coffee trees, ("Coffea arabica") and ("Coffea canephora"), are processed to extract the coffee beans. In many rural areas of the world, fruit is gathered from forest trees for consumption.
Many trees have flowers rich in nectar which are attractive to bees. The production of forest honey is an important industry in rural areas of the developing world where it is undertaken by small-scale beekeepers using traditional methods. The flowers of the elder ("Sambucus") are used to make elderflower cordial and petals of the plum ("Prunus spp.") can be candied.
The leaves of trees are widely gathered as fodder for livestock and some can be eaten by humans but they tend to be high in tannins which makes them bitter. Leaves of the curry tree ("Murraya koenigii") are eaten, those of kaffir lime "Citrus × hystrix" (e.g., Thai food) "Ailanthus" (e.g., in Korean dishes such as bugak) and those of the European bay tree ("Laurus nobilis") and the California bay tree ("Umbellularia californica") are used for flavouring food. "Camellia sinensis", the source of tea, is a small tree but seldom reaches its full height, being heavily pruned to make picking the leaves easier.
In temperate climates there is a sudden movement of sap at the end of the winter as trees prepare to burst into growth. In North America, the sap of the sugar maple ("Acer saccharum") is most often used in the production of a sweet liquid, maple syrup. About 90% of the sap is water, the remaining 10% being a mixture of various sugars and certain minerals. The sap is harvested by drilling holes in the trunks of the trees and collecting the liquid that flows out of the inserted spigots. It is piped to a sugarhouse where it is heated to concentrate it and improve its flavour. One litre of maple syrup is obtained from every forty litres of sap and has a sugar content of exactly 66%. A similar process happens in northern Europe when the spring rise in the sap of the silver birch ("Betula pendula") is tapped and collected. This is either drunk fresh or is fermented into an alcoholic drink. In Alaska, the sap of the sweet birch ("Betula lenta") is similarly collected and converted into birch syrup with a sugar content of 67%. Sweet birch sap is more dilute than maple sap and one hundred litres are required to make one litre of birch syrup.
Various parts of trees are used as spices. These include cinnamon, made from the bark of the cinnamon tree ("Cinnamomum zeylanicum") and allspice, the dried small fruits of the pimento tree ("Pimenta dioica"). Nutmeg is a seed found in the fleshy fruit of the nutmeg tree ("Myristica fragrans") and cloves are the unopened flower buds of the clove tree ("Syzygium aromaticum"). Sassafras oil is an important flavouring obtained from distilling bark from the roots of ("Sassafras albidum").
Fuel.
Wood has traditionally been used for fuel, especially in rural areas. In less developed nations it may be the only fuel available and collecting firewood is often a time consuming task as it becomes necessary to travel further and further afield in the search for fuel. It is often burned inefficiently on an open fire. In more developed countries other fuels are available and burning wood is a choice rather than a necessity. Modern wood-burning stoves are very fuel efficient and new products such as wood pellets are available to burn.
Charcoal can be made by slow pyrolysis of wood by heating it in the absence of air in a kiln. The carefully stacked branches, often oak, are burned with a very limited amount of air. The process of converting them into charcoal takes about fifteen hours. Charcoal is used as a fuel in barbecues and by blacksmiths and has many industrial and other uses.
Wood smoke can be used to preserve food. In the hot smoking process the food is exposed to smoke and heat in a controlled environment. The food is ready to eat when the process is complete, having been tenderised and flavoured by the smoke it has absorbed. In the cold process, the temperature is not allowed to rise above . The flavour of the food is enhanced but raw food requires further cooking. If it is to be preserved, meat should be cured before cold smoking.
Timber.
Wood has been an important, easily available material for construction since humans started building shelters. Engineered wood products are available which bind the particles, fibres or veneers of wood together with adhesives to form composite materials. Plastics have taken over from wood for some traditional uses.
Wood is used in the construction of buildings, bridges, trackways, piles, poles for power lines, masts for boats, pit props, railway sleepers, fencing, hurdles, shuttering for concrete, pipes, scaffolding and pallets. In housebuilding it is used in joinery, for making joists, roof trusses, roofing shingles, thatching, staircases, doors, window frames, floor boards, parquet flooring, panelling and cladding.
Wood is used to construct carts, farm implements, boats, dugout canoes and in shipbuilding. It is used for making furniture, tool handles, boxes, ladders, musical instruments, bows, weapons, matches, clothes pegs, brooms, shoes, baskets, turnery, carving, toys, pencils, rollers, cogs, wooden screws, barrels, coffins, skittles, veneers, artificial limbs, oars, skis, wooden spoons, sports equipment and wooden balls.
Wood is pulped for paper and used in the manufacture of cardboard and made into engineered wood products for use in construction such as fibreboard, hardboard, chipboard and plywood. The wood of conifers is known as softwood while that of broad-leaved trees is hardwood.
Bark.
Cork is produced from the thick bark of the cork oak ("Quercus suber"). It is harvested from the living trees about once every ten years in an environmentally sustainable industry. More than half the world's cork comes from Portugal and is largely used to make stoppers for wine bottles. Other uses include floor tiles, bulletin boards, balls, footwear, cigarette tips, packaging, insulation and joints in woodwind instruments.
The bark of other varieties of oak has traditionally been used in Europe for the tanning of hides though bark from other species of tree has been used elsewhere. The active ingredient, tannin, is extracted and after various preliminary treatments, the skins are immersed in a series of vats containing solutions in increasing concentrations. The tannin causes the hide to become supple, less affected by water and more resistant to bacterial attack.
The commonly used spice Cinnamon is obtained from the bark from a number of species of the genus "Cinnamomum"
At least one hundred and twenty drugs come from plant sources, many of them from the bark of trees. Quinine originates from the cinchona tree ("Cinchona") and was for a long time the remedy of choice for the treatment of malaria. Aspirin was synthesized to replace the sodium salicylate derived from the bark of willow trees ("Salix") which had unpleasant side effects. The anti-cancer drug Paclitaxel is derived from taxol, a substance found in the bark of the Pacific yew ("Taxus brevifolia"). Other tree based drugs come from the paw-paw ("Carica papaya"), the cassia ("Cassia spp."), the cocoa tree ("Theobroma cacao"), the tree of life ("Camptotheca acuminata") and the downy birch ("Betula pubescens").
The papery bark of the white birch tree ("Betula papyrifera") was used extensively by Native Americans. Wigwams were covered by it and canoes were constructed from it. Other uses included food containers, hunting and fishing equipment, musical instruments, toys and sledges. Nowadays, bark chips, a by-product of the timber industry, are used as a mulch and as a growing medium for epiphytic plants that need a soil-free compost.
Cultivation.
Ornamental trees are cultivated by plant nurseries and horticulturalists for planting in gardens, designed landscapes, and parks. Aesthetic choices can include foliage, bark, and flower colors, textures, scents, and seasonality; mature sizes and growth rates, associations of traditional continuity or unique creativity, and numerous other visual qualities. Horticulturally, criteria can include climate factors such as temperature ranges and humidity, soil chemistry and drainage needs, water requirements from drought tolerance to irrigation needs, and other considerations.
Native species of trees are used in pollinator and wildlife gardens, natural landscaping, drought tolerant gardens (in dry climates), and habitat restoration projects.
Other uses.
Latex is a sticky defensive secretion that protects plants against herbivores. Many trees produce it when injured but the main source of the latex used to make natural rubber is the Pará rubber tree ("Hevea brasiliensis"). Originally used to create bouncy balls and for the waterproofing of cloth, natural rubber is now mainly used in tyres for which synthetic materials have proved less durable. The latex exuded by the balatá tree ("Manilkara bidentata") is used to make golf balls and is similar to gutta-percha, made from the latex of the "getah perca" tree "Palaquium". This is also used as an insulator, particularly of undersea cables, and in dentistry, walking sticks and gun butts. It has now largely been replaced by synthetic materials.
Resin is another plant exudate that may have a defensive purpose. It is a viscous liquid composed mainly of volatile terpenes and is produced mostly by coniferous trees. It is used in varnishes, for making small castings and in ten-pin bowling balls. When heated, the terpenes are driven off and the remaining product is called "rosin" and is used by stringed instrumentalists on their bows. Some resins contain essential oils and are used in incense and aromatherapy. Fossilized resin is known as amber and was mostly formed in the Cretaceous (145 to 66 million years ago) or more recently. The resin that oozed out of trees sometimes trapped insects or spiders and these are still visible in the interior of the amber.
The camphor tree ("Cinnamomum camphora") produces an essential oil and the eucalyptus tree ("Eucalyptus globulus") is the main source of eucalyptus oil which is used in medicine, as a fragrance and in industry.
Care.
Dead trees pose a safety risk, especially during high winds and severe storms, and removing dead trees involves a financial burden, whereas the presence of healthy trees can clean the air, increase property values, and reduce the temperature of the built environment and thereby reduce building cooling costs. During times of drought, trees can fall into water stress, which may cause a tree to become more susceptible to disease and insect problems, and ultimately may lead to a tree's death. Irrigating trees during dry periods can reduce the risk of water stress and death. Irrigation can be accomplished by use of a garden hose, soaker hose, sprinkler, or modified five-gallon bucket.
Mythology.
Trees have been venerated since time immemorial. To the ancient Celts, certain trees held special significance as providing fuel, building materials, ornamental objects and weaponry. Other cultures have similarly revered trees, often linking the lives and fortunes of individuals to them or using them as oracles. In Greek mythology, dryads were believed to be shy nymphs who inhabited trees.
The Oubangui people of west Africa plant a tree when a child is born. As the tree flourishes, so does the child but if the tree fails to thrive, the health of the child is considered at risk. When it flowers it is time for marriage. Gifts are left at the tree periodically and when the individual dies, their spirit lives on in the tree.
Trees have their roots in the ground and their trunk and branches extended towards the sky. This concept is found in many of the world's religions as a tree which links the underworld and the earth and holds up the heavens. In Norse mythology, Yggdrasil is a central cosmic tree whose roots and branches extend to various worlds. Various creatures live on it. In India, Kalpavriksha is a wish-fulfilling tree that was one of nine jewels that emerged from the primitive ocean. Icons are placed beneath it to be worshipped, tree nymphs inhabit the branches and it grants favours to the devout who tie threads round the trunk. Democracy started in North America when the Great Peacemaker formed the Iroquois Confederacy, inspiring the warriors of the original five American nations to bury their weapons under the Tree of Peace, an eastern white pine ("Pinus strobus"). In the creation story in the Bible, the tree of life and the knowledge of good and evil was planted by God in the Garden of Eden.
Sacred groves exist in China, India, Africa and elsewhere. They are places where the deities live and where all the living things are either sacred or are companions of the gods. Folklore lays down the supernatural penalties that will result if desecration takes place for example by the felling of trees. Because of their protected status, sacred groves may be the only relicts of ancient forest and have a biodiversity much greater than the surrounding area.
Some Ancient Indian tree deities, such as Puliyidaivalaiyamman, the Tamil deity of the tamarind tree, or Kadambariyamman, associated with the kadamba tree were seen as manifestations of a goddess who offers her blessings by giving fruits in abundance.
Superlative trees.
The tallest living tree is believed to be a coast redwood ("Sequoia sempervirens") at Redwood National Park, California. It has been named Hyperion and is tall. The tallest known broad-leaved tree is a mountain ash ("Eucalyptus regnans") growing in Tasmania with a height of 97 metres (318 ft). The largest tree by volume is believed to be a giant sequoia ("Sequoiadendron giganteum") known as the General Sherman Tree in the Sequoia National Park in Tulare County, California. Only the trunk is used in the calculation and the volume is estimated to be 1,487 m³ (52,508 cu ft). Also in California is the oldest living tree with a verified age. It is a Great Basin bristlecone pine ("Pinus longaeva") called Methuselah growing in the White Mountains. It has been dated by drilling a core sample and counting the annual rings and was considered to be 4,844 years old in 2012. It is thought likely that other bristlecone pines exceed 5,000 years of age. A little further south, at Santa Maria del Tule, Oaxaca, Mexico, is the tree with the broadest trunk. It is a Montezuma cypress ("Taxodium mucronatum") known as Árbol del Tule and its diameter at breast height is giving it a girth of . The tree's trunk is far from round and the exact dimensions may be misleading as the circumference includes much empty space between the large buttress roots.

</doc>
<doc id="18955924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955924" title="Dr. Toler R. White House">
Dr. Toler R. White House

The Dr. Toler R. White House is at 509 Spring Street, Kingman, Arizona. The house was built in 1916. The house is a Bungalow/Craftsman style. Dr. White came to town in 1910 or so, after working in the mining and reservations doctor. He lived here until his death in 1945. The home is on the National Register of Historical Places and the number is 86001176.

</doc>
<doc id="18955932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955932" title="Romeo discography">
Romeo discography

This is the discography of American rapper, actor & entertainer Romeo Miller, formerly known as Lil' Romeo. He consists of three studio albums, one independent albums, three soundtracks, five Extended plays, three mixtapes, seven singles, two compilation albums, four collaboration albums, and twenty-two music videos. His music has been released on Priority Records, Universal Records & Koch Records along with his former record label's No Limit Records, The New No Limit, Guttar Music, Take A Stand, The Next Generation & his current label No Limit Forever. Miller still holds the spot of the youngest person to hit #1 on the Billboard 200, a record that was previously held by music icon Michael Jackson.
In 2001 Miller's debut album "Lil 'Romeo" charted the US Billboard 200 at number six, making it Romeo's first top ten album. The album contained Romeo's most successful single to date "My Baby" which went certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), thanks to the critical success of the song it established Miller as the youngest person to achieve the #1 spot on the Billboard 200. A music video was made featuring cameos from an Michael Jackson imitator, Silkk Tha Shocker & Master P. It is also Romeo's highest selling album to date selling over five-hundred-thousand plus copies making the album certified gold. In 2002 His Next album "Game Time" though not as successful as his previous effort it charted the US Billboard 200 at number thirty-three. His next album "Romeoland" charted on the Billboard 200 at number seventy.
In 2005 Miller along with his father Master P & his Uncle Silkk The Shocker reformed the pioneer rap group TRU & released there final album entitled "The Truth", it charted the US Billboard 200 at number fifty-four. The same year Romeo would also release another collaboration entitled "" with his newly formed group at the time Rich Boyz. In 2006 Romeo would release his independent album entitled "Lottery" it charted Billboard 200 at forty. Also In 2006 Miller released the soundtrack to his movie "God's Gift", it was his first album released with his name changed to Romeo. In 2007 Romeo would collaborate again on a new album with his father Master P as the Miller Boyz entiteld "Hip Hop History", it did not chart on the Billboard's. In 2009 Romeo released his second compilation album entitled "Get Low" it charted on the Billboard 200 at one-hundred-forty, making it Miller's first album to chart in four years.
In 2010 Miller formed his new group College Boyys & created a new label entitled The Next Generation Entertainment, & they released their debut album entitled "Spring Break".

</doc>
<doc id="18955948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955948" title="Augusto Torlonia, 3rd Prince di Civitella Cesi">
Augusto Torlonia, 3rd Prince di Civitella Cesi

Don Augusto Torlonia, of the House of Torlonia, was an Italian nobleman and third Prince of Civitella-Cesi. Augusto received the title from his grandfather's younger brother, Alessandro Torlonia, 2nd Prince di Civitella-Cesi. 
Augusto was born in Rome on 20 January 1855 and died in Borgo San Donnino on 17 April 1926. His father was Giulio, 2nd Duca di Poli e di Guadagolo and his mother was Donna Teresa dei Principi Chigi-Albani.
Upon Augusto's death, the title passed to his brother, Marino Torlonia, 4th Prince of Civitella-Cesi.

</doc>
<doc id="18955961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955961" title="Artist–Museum Partnership Act">
Artist–Museum Partnership Act

The Artist–Museum Partnership Act is a United States bill that was proposed to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow taxpayers who create literary, musical, artistic, or scholarly compositions or similar property a fair market value (determined at the time of contribution) tax deduction for contributions of such properties, the copyrights thereon, or both, to certain tax-exempt organizations, if such properties are properly appraised and are donated no sooner than 18 months after their creation. The bill would place limits on the amount of such deduction based upon the donor's artistic adjusted gross income, as defined by this Act.
The bill was first introduced to the United States Congress by Democratic Senator of Vermont, Patrick Leahy on February 14, 2005. At that time the bill was referred to the Committee on Finance. The measure has passed the Senate more than once in the past several years, but it still hasn't become law.
Current law.
Under current law, artists who donate self-created works are only able to deduct the cost of supplies such as canvas, pen, paper and ink, which does not even come close to their true value. Prior to 1969, artists and collectors alike were able to take a deduction equivalent to the fair market value of a work, but Congress changed the law with respect to artists in the Tax Reform Act of 1969. Since then, fewer and fewer artists have donated their works to museums and cultural institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="18955976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955976" title="Arthur T. Brown">
Arthur T. Brown

Arthur Thomas Brown (April 20, 1900 – October 24, 1993) was an American architect who is remembered as “Tucson’s pioneer of solar design.”
Biography.
Brown was born in Takio, Missouri, and studied at Ohio State University, graduating in 1927. He worked at the Century of Progress exposition in Chicago in 1932 and 1933. Both a fine art painter and trained architect, Brown arrived in Tucson in 1936 and opened his own architectural firm by 1941. He was a member of the exclusive Tucson Palette and Brush Club and the Tucson Fine Arts Association. He is recognized as a "pioneer" in the development of passive solar heating and passive cooling.
His buildings have only recently gained recognition. Many of his works have been lost including: Tucson General Hospital, Tucson Biltmore Motor Hotel and Tucson’s Carnegie Free Library (Tucson Children’s Museum) wall. His residential projects are scattered throughout Tucson’s post World War II mid-century expansion district. 
Many of his buildings remain in Tucson including: the First Christian Church at 740 E. Speedway Boulevard, Faith Lutheran Church, 5th street. Delectables Restaurant on N 4th Avenue is also Brown's. It was built in the late 1940s for the Harley-Davidson dealership. The changes made were primarily interior.

</doc>
<doc id="18955984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955984" title="Building at 218 Spring">
Building at 218 Spring

The building at 218 Spring Street is a Bungalow/Craftsman style apartment house located in Kingman, Arizona. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Description.
218 Spring Street in Kingman, Arizona was built around 1917 in the Bungalow/Craftsman style, during the 1910s growth period. The building is a multi-residential or apartment house and is an investment or rental property. The major owner is unknown. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18955987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955987" title="Corinne Demas">
Corinne Demas

Corinne Demas is the author of four novels, two collections of short stories, a collection of poetry, a memoir, two plays, and numerous books for children. She's published more than forty short stories, in a variety of magazines and literary journals. Her publications before 2000 are under the name Corinne Demas Bliss.
Personal.
Corinne Demas grew up in New York City, in Stuyvesant Town, the subject of her memoir, "Eleven Stories High, Growing Up in Stuyvesant Town, 1948-1968". She attended Hunter College High School, graduated from Tufts University, and completed a Ph.D. in English and Comparative Literature at Columbia University.
She lived in Pittsburgh for a decade, teaching at the University of Pittsburgh and at Chatham College. In 1978 she moved to New England and began teaching at Mount Holyoke College in South Hadley, Massachusetts, where she is now Professor of English. A Fiction Editor of "The Massachusetts Review", she is a member of The Authors Guild, PEN, and the Society of Children's Book Writers and Illustrators. She resides in Western Massachusetts and on Cape Cod.

</doc>
<doc id="18955992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955992" title="Anita Thallaug">
Anita Thallaug

Anita Thallaug (born 14 February 1938 in Bærum) is a Norwegian actress and singer. She has featured in musicals, cinema and TV programs. Under the name Vesla Rolfsen, at the age of seven, she was performing at the Spider theatre in Oslo.
She featured frequently in NRK children's programs of the 1950s.
Thallaug was the Norwegian contestant in the Eurovision Song Contest 1963, where she finished 13th (last). She was the first of four Norwegian entrants to score no points in the competition.
Anita Thallaug is the younger sister of opera singer Edith Thallaug.

</doc>
<doc id="18955995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955995" title="Pop'n'gum">
Pop'n'gum

"Pop'n'Gum" is the second studio album by French power pop group Superbus. It reached the 26th place on French album charts. It was released on June 2004.
Its first single, Radio Song, is a playable bonus song on .

</doc>
<doc id="18955997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955997" title="Lim Peng Siang">
Lim Peng Siang

Lim Peng Siang (林秉祥) or Lin Bengxian (1872–1944) together with his brother Lim Peng Mao of Lin Bingmao, through their Ho Hong Group of companies, founded in 1904, had interests in banking, shipping, parboiled rice, oil mills, cement, coconut and other businesses. President of Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce from 1913 to 1916 except for 1914 when he was Vice-President. He had close ties with the Hong Kong Fujian Chamber of Commerce and he and his brother Lim Peng Mao (Lin Bingmao) were listed as honourable chairpersons of that association between 1930 and 1941. Member of the Chinese Advisory Board between 1921 and 1941. His Ho Hong group built circa 1910 was the most diversified group in Malaya at the time. Peng Siang Quay in Singapore is named after him.
Origins.
Lim Peng Siang, the son of Lim Ho Puah and the only daughter of Wee Bin, the founder of Wee Bin & Co. He was born in Amoy, Fujian, China in 1872. After receiving his education in Chinese, he travelled to Singapore when he was still very young. Like his father, Mr. Lim Peng Siang was a naturalised British subject and had been so since 1902. He received private tuition in acquired most of his English education from private tuition. He was a student at the St. Joseph's Institution.
He joined the firm of Wee Bin & Co., which was then under the management of his father, Lim Ho Puah, and eventually rose to its head before setting out to start the Ho Hong Group. He took over the greater part of the firm's business, including the large steamers when the firm of Wee Bin & Co. was liquidated in 1911
Shipping.
In 1914 Lim Peng Siang founds the Ho Hong Steamship Company Ltd. In 1936 Lim Peng Siang sells most of his shares in Ho Hong Steamship to OCBC.
Banking.
He founded the Chinese Commercial Bank in 1912 together with other members of the Singapore Hokkien business community. Together with Lim Boon Keng, Seow Poh Leng and others he founded the Ho Hong Bank in 1917. In 1932, The Chinese Commercial Bank and the Ho Hong Bank merged with the Oversea-Chinese Bank to form the Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation, later known as OCBC.
Ho Hong Group.
By the 1910s the Ho Hong group was the most diversified group in Malaya. Among the other Ho Hong concerns which owe their existence to Mr. Lim Peng Siang are The Ho Hong Steamship Co. Ltd., The Ho Hong Oil Mills Ltd., The Ho Hong Parboiled Rice Mill, The Ho Hong Bank Ltd., and the Ho Hong Portland Cement Works Ltd. He had other schemes and the necessary machinery ready for a bucket-making factory and for the reclamation and development of several big pieces of swampy land in a big industrial area in the immediate neighbourhood of Singapore Town.
Leadership of Trade and Mercantile Organisations and Public Councils.
He was an honourable chairperson of the Hong Kong Fujian Chamber of Commerce between 1930 and 1941. He was one of the leading men among the Chinese merchants of Singapore and was greatly respected by the community. He took an active interest in the formation of the Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce and has been one of its Presidents. He was a member of the Chinese Advisory Board, on which he has served for many years as one of the representatives of the Hokien (Fukien) community, and was a J .P .He was a director of a number of public companies, including the Central Engine Works Ltd. and the Central Motors Ltd. In his later years he was of a retiring disposition in so far as public activities were concerned, and though offered a seat on the Legislative Council on several occasions he had been obliged to decline it, having to give his whole attention to the numerous industries which he had built up.
A Clinic In Amoy.
"About six months ago, a Mr Lim Peng Siang, an intimate friend of mine, doing banking and shipping business in Singapore, Hongkong, Amoy and Shanghai, returned to his village for a rest. One day a neighbour paid him a visit. This man had leprosy but thought it to be some kind of skin disease. Mr Lim then sent him to me for treatment. The response to treatment was very quick, he was so pleased that even now, he is used as an attraction for the sufferers of the same disease to come for treatment. With my cooperation a clinic was established by Mr Lim in his native place, Shima, two hours by launch from Amoy. Today there are about 85 receiving treatment."
Benefactor.
It will be seen therefore how great a benefactor Mr. Lim Peng Siang has been to Singapore. It is hardly necessary to mention here how much a country depends on industry and shipping for its wealth and importance. It can be clearly seen to what extent Mr. Lim Peng Siang has contributed to both these factors. From time to time severe competition with other steamship lines reduced deck-passage rates to a ridiculously low figure and it also meant heavy loss to the firm: but this proved a boon to thousands of the labouring classes who were enabled to leave their homes in China and come to the Straits Settlements and the Netherlands East Indies to supply the labour market.
During the Great War he proved his patriotism by working hard in helping to raise money for the various funds, besides himself liberally contributing to such funds. He was never known to refuse help to a deserving cause, and innumerable were the charities to which he liberally contributed. He set an example worthy of being followed by the rising members of the Chinese community.

</doc>
<doc id="18955999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18955999" title="Desert">
Desert

A desert is a barren area of land where little precipitation occurs and consequently living conditions are hostile for plant and animal life. The lack of vegetation exposes the unprotected surface of the ground to the processes of denudation. About one third of the land surface of the world is arid or semi-arid. This includes much of the polar regions where little precipitation occurs and which are sometimes called "cold deserts". There are a number of ways of classifying deserts including by the amount of precipitation that falls, by the temperature that prevails, by the causes of desertification or by the geographical location of the desert.
Deserts are formed by weathering processes as large variations in temperature between day and night put strains on the rocks which consequently break in pieces. Although rain seldom occurs in deserts, there are occasional downpours that can result in flash floods. Rain falling on hot rocks can cause them to shatter and the resulting fragments and rubble strewn over the desert floor is further eroded by the wind. This picks up particles of sand and dust and wafts them aloft in sand or dust storms. Wind-blown sand grains striking any solid object in their path can abrade the surface. Rocks are smoothed down and the sand grains break in pieces until they are a uniform size. The grains end up as level sheets of sand or are piled high in billowing sand dunes. Other deserts are flat, stony plains where all the fine material has been blown away and the surface consists of a mosaic of smooth stones. These areas are known as desert pavements and little further erosion takes place. Other desert features include rock outcrops, exposed bedrock and clays once deposited by flowing water. Temporary lakes may form and salt pans may be left when waters evaporate. There may be underground sources of water in the form of springs and seepages from aquifers. Where these are found, oases can occur.
Plants and animals living in the desert need special adaptations to survive in the harsh environment. Plants tend to be tough and wiry with small or no leaves, water-resistant cuticles and often spines to deter herbivory. Some annual plants germinate, bloom and die in the course of a few weeks after rainfall while other long-lived plants survive for years and have deep root systems able to tap underground moisture. Animals need to keep cool and find enough food and water to survive. Many are nocturnal and stay in the shade or underground during the heat of the day. They tend to be efficient at conserving water, extracting most of their needs from their food and concentrating their urine. Some animals remain in a state of dormancy for long periods, ready to become active again when the rare rains fall. They then reproduce rapidly while conditions are favorable before returning to dormancy.
People have struggled to live in deserts and the surrounding semi-arid lands for millennia. Nomads have moved their flocks and herds to wherever grazing is available and oases have provided opportunities for a more settled way of life. The cultivation of semi-arid regions encourages erosion of soil and is one of the causes of increased desertification. Desert farming is possible with the aid of irrigation and the Imperial Valley in California provides an example of how previously barren land can be made productive by the import of water from an outside source. Many trade routes have been forged across deserts, especially across the Sahara, and traditionally were used by caravans of camels carrying salt, gold, ivory and other goods. Large numbers of slaves were also taken northwards across the Sahara. Some mineral extraction also takes place in deserts and the uninterrupted sunlight gives potential for the capture of large quantities of solar energy.
Etymology.
English "desert" and its Romance cognates (including Italian and Portuguese "deserto", French "désert" and Spanish "desierto") all come from the ecclesiastical Latin "dēsertum" (originally "an abandoned place"), a participle of "dēserere", "to abandon". The correlation between aridity and sparse population is complex and dynamic, varying by culture, era, and technologies; thus the use of the word "desert" can cause confusion. In English prior to the 20th century, "desert" was often used in the sense of "unpopulated area", without specific reference to aridity; but today the word is most often used in its climate-science sense (an area of low precipitation). Phrases such as "desert island" and "Great American Desert" in previous centuries did not necessarily imply sand or aridity; their focus was the sparse population.
The transliteration of the Ancient Egyptian term for the "Red land" (i.e. the deserts on either side of the fertile Black land irrigated by the Nile) is "dšrt" (conventionally pronounced "deshret"); it has been stated that "It is not impossible that the very word "deserta" entered the Latin language by way of Egyptian".
Physical geography.
A desert is a region of land that is very dry because it receives low amounts of precipitation (usually in the form of rain but may be snow, mist or fog), often has little coverage by plants, and in which streams dry up unless they are supplied by water from outside the area. Deserts can also be described as areas where more water is lost by evapotranspiration than falls as precipitation. Deserts generally receive less than of precipitation each year. Semideserts are regions which receive between and when clad in grass, these are known as steppes.
Classification.
Deserts have been defined and classified in a number of ways, generally combining total precipitation, number of days on which this falls, temperature, and humidity, and sometimes additional factors. For example, Phoenix, Arizona receives less than of precipitation per year, and is immediately recognized as being located in a desert because of its arid-adapted plants. The North Slope of Alaska's Brooks Range also receives less than of precipitation per year and is often classified as a cold desert. Other regions of the world have cold deserts, including areas of the Himalayas and other high altitude areas in other parts of the world. Polar deserts cover much of the ice free areas of the Arctic and Antarctic. A non-technical definition is that deserts are those parts of the Earth's surface that have insufficient vegetation cover to support a human population.
Potential evapotranspiration supplements the measurement of precipitation in providing a scientific measurement-based definition of a desert. The water budget of an area can be calculated using the formula "P" − "PE" ± "S", wherein "P" is precipitation, "PE" is potential evapotranspiration rates and "S" is amount of surface storage of water. Evapotranspiration is the combination of water loss through atmospheric evaporation and through the life processes of plants. Potential evapotranspiration, then, is the amount of water that "could" evaporate in any given region. As an example, Tucson, Arizona receives about of rain per year, however about of water could evaporate over the course of a year. In other words, about eight times more water could evaporate from the region than actually falls as rain. Rates of evapotranspiration in cold regions such as Alaska are much lower because of the lack of heat to aid in the evaporation process.
Deserts are sometimes classified as "hot" or "cold", "semiarid" or "coastal". Hot deserts are mostly located near the Tropics of Capricorn or Cancer. The mean temperature is about , with a daily range of to or even lower. The rainfall is very low, especially in winter, and may come in the form of an occasional downpour. The soil consists of coarse gravel or sand, and is shallow and well drained. Plants here tend to have deep taproots and may only open their stomata at night.
Cold deserts can be covered with snow or ice for part of the year; frozen water unavailable to plant life. They are found in Greenland, the nearctic ecozone of North America and Antarctica. The mean winter temperature is typically between and and the annual precipitation between . For example, Cape Dorset on Baffin Island receives annual precipitation averaging but this is made up of of rainfall and of snowfall. The temperature seldom rises above in summer and often falls below in winter. The soil in cold deserts is often fine silt, saline and heavy. Plants growing there tend to be widely separated, deciduous, low and spiny.
Semiarid deserts have long, mostly dry summers and little precipitation in winter. The temperature does not rise as high as in hot deserts, averaging to in summer and the evenings and nights are cool. As a result, condensation occurs and these areas may receive most of their precipitation in the form of dew. The soil ranges from a fine sand to a coarse gravel and is usually shallow and well-drained. Plants tend to be spiny or have glaucous, silvery or glossy leaves.
Coastal deserts are mostly found on the western edges of continental land masses in regions where cold currents from the polar regions approach the land or cold water upwellings rise from the ocean depths. The cool winds crossing this water pick up little moisture and the coastal regions receive only slight precipitation though they often experience mists or fogs, especially in the winter. The average summer temperature is in the range to and the winter temperature lower than . The soil is usually fine-textured and well drained. Deserts of this type occur in Chile, south-west Africa, southern California and Baja California.
In 1961, Peveril Meigs divided desert regions on Earth into three categories according to the amount of precipitation they received. In this now widely accepted system, extremely arid lands have at least twelve consecutive months without precipitation, arid lands have less than 250 mm (10 in) of annual precipitation, and semiarid lands have a mean annual precipitation of between 250 and 500 mm (10–20 in). Both extremely arid and arid lands are considered to be deserts while semiarid lands are generally referred to as steppes when they are grasslands.
Deserts are also classified, according to their geographical location and dominant weather pattern, as trade wind, mid-latitude, rain shadow, coastal, monsoon, or polar deserts. Trade wind deserts occur either side of the horse latitudes at 30° to 35° North and South. These belts are associated with the subtropical anticyclone and the large-scale descent of dry air moving from high-altitudes toward the poles. The Sahara Desert is of this type. Mid-latitude deserts occur between 30° and 50° North and South. They are mostly in areas remote from the sea where most of the moisture has already precipitated from the prevailing winds. They include the Tengger and Sonoran Deserts. Monsoon deserts are similar. They occur in regions where large temperature differences occur between sea and land. Moist warm air rises over the land, deposits its water content and circulates back to sea. Further inland, areas receive very little precipitation. The Thar Desert near the India/Pakistan border is of this type.
In some parts of the world, deserts are created by a rain shadow effect. Orographic lift occurs as air masses rise to pass over high ground. In the process they cool and lose much of their moisture by precipitation on the windward slope of the mountain range. When they descend on the leeward side, they warm and their capacity to hold moisture increases so an area with relatively little precipitation occurs. The Taklamakan Desert is an example, lying in the rain shadow of the Himalayas and receiving less than precipitation annually.
Other areas are arid by virtue of being a very long way from the nearest available sources of moisture.
Montane deserts are arid places with a very high altitude; the most prominent example is found north of the Himalayas, in the Kunlun Mountains and the Tibetan Plateau. Many locations within this category have elevations exceeding and the thermal regime can be hemiboreal. These places owe their profound aridity (the average annual precipitation is often less than 40 mm or 1.5 in) to being very far from the nearest available sources of moisture and are often in the lee of mountain ranges. Montane deserts are normally cold, or may be scorchingly hot by day and very cold by night as is true of the northeastern slopes of Mount Kilimanjaro.
Polar deserts such as McMurdo Dry Valleys remain ice-free because of the dry katabatic winds that flow downhill from the surrounding mountains. Former desert areas presently in non-arid environments, such as the Sandhills in Nebraska, are known as paleodeserts. In the Köppen climate classification system, deserts are classed as "BWh" (hot desert) or "BWk" (temperate desert). In the Thornthwaite climate classification system, deserts would be classified as arid megathermal climates.
Weathering processes.
Deserts usually have a large diurnal and seasonal temperature range, with high daytime temperatures falling sharply at night. The diurnal range may be as much as 20 to 30 °C (36 to 54 °F) and the rock surface experiences even greater temperature differentials. During the day the sky is usually clear and most of the sun's radiation reaches the ground, but as soon as the sun sets, the desert cools quickly by radiating heat into space. In hot deserts, the temperature during daytime can exceed 45 °C (113 °F) in summer and plunge below freezing point at night during winter.
Such large temperature variations have a destructive effect on the exposed rocky surfaces. The repeated fluctuations put a strain on exposed rock and the flanks of mountains crack and shatter. Fragmented strata slide down into the valleys where they continue to break into pieces due to the remorseless sun by day and chill by night. Successive strata are exposed to further weathering. The relief of the internal pressure that has built up in rocks that have been underground for aeons can cause them to shatter. Exfoliation also occurs when the outer surfaces of rocks split off in flat flakes. This is believed to be caused by the stresses put on the rock by repeated expansions and contractions which induces fracturing parallel to the original surface. Chemical weathering processes probably play a more important role in deserts than was previously thought. The necessary moisture may be present in the form of dew or mist. Ground water may be drawn to the surface by evaporation and the formation of salt crystals may dislodge rock particles as sand or disintegrate rocks by exfoliation. Shallow caves are sometimes formed at the base of cliffs by this means.
As the desert mountains decay, large areas of shattered rock and rubble occur. The process continues and the end products are either dust or sand. Dust is formed from solidified clay or volcanic deposits whereas sand results from the fragmentation of harder granites, limestone and sandstone. There is a certain critical size (about 500µ) below which further temperature-induced weathering of rocks does not occur and this provides a minimum size for sand grains.
As the mountains are eroded, more and more sand is created. At high wind speeds, sand grains are picked up off the surface and blown along, a process known as saltation. The whirling airborne grains act as a sand blasting mechanism which grinds away solid objects in its path as the kinetic energy of the wind is transferred to the ground. The sand eventually ends up deposited in level areas known as sand-fields or sand-seas, or piled up in dunes.
Dust storms and sandstorms.
Sand and dust storms are natural events that occur in arid regions where the land is not protected by a covering of vegetation. Dust storms usually start in desert margins rather than the deserts themselves where the finer materials have already been blown away. As a steady wind begins to blow, fine particles lying on the exposed ground begin to vibrate. At greater wind speeds, some particles are lifted into the air stream. When they land, they strike other particles which may be jerked into the air in their turn, starting a chain reaction. Once ejected, these particles move in one of three possible ways, depending on their size, shape and density; suspension, saltation or creep. Suspension is only possible for particles less than 0.1 mm (0.004 in) in diameter. In a dust storm, these fine particles are lifted up and wafted aloft to heights of up to . They reduce visibility and can remain in the atmosphere for days on end, conveyed by the trade winds for distances of up to . Denser clouds of dust can be formed in stronger winds, moving across the land with a billowing leading edge. The sunlight can be obliterated and it may become as dark as night at ground level. In a study of a dust storm in China in 2001, it was estimated that 6.5 million tons of dust were involved, covering an area of . The mean particle size was 1.44 μm. A much smaller scale, short-lived phenomenon can occur in calm conditions when hot air near the ground rises quickly through a small pocket of cooler, low-pressure air above forming a whirling column of particles, a dust devil.
Sandstorms occur with much less frequency than dust storms. They are often preceded by severe dust storms and occur when the wind velocity increases to a point where it can lift heavier particles. These grains of sand, up to about in diameter are jerked into the air but soon fall back to earth, ejecting other particles in the process. Their weight prevents them from being airborne for long and most only travel a distance of a few meters (yards). The sand streams along above the surface of the ground like a fluid, often rising to heights of about . In a really severe steady blow, is about as high as the sand stream can rise as the largest sand grains do not become airborne at all. They are transported by creep, being rolled along the desert floor or performing short jumps.
During a sandstorm, the wind-blown sand particles become electrically charged. Such electric fields, which range in size up to 80 kV/m, can produce sparks and cause interference with telecommunications equipment. They are also unpleasant for humans and can cause headaches and nausea. The electric fields are caused by collision between airborne particles and by the impacts of saltating sand grains landing on the ground. The mechanism is little understood but the particles usually have a negative charge when their diameter is under 250 μm and a positive one when they are over 500 μm.
Major deserts.
Deserts take up about one third of the Earth's land surface.
Bottomlands may be salt-covered flats. Eolian processes are major factors in shaping desert landscapes. Polar deserts (also seen as "cold deserts") have similar features, except the main form of precipitation is snow rather than rain. Antarctica is the world's largest cold desert (composed of about 98% thick continental ice sheet and 2% barren rock). Some of the barren rock is to be found in the so-called Dry Valleys of Antarctica that almost never get snow, which can have ice-encrusted saline lakes that suggest evaporation far greater than the rare snowfall due to the strong katabatic winds that evaporate even ice.
Deserts, both hot and cold, play a part in moderating the Earth's temperature. This is because they reflect more of the incoming light and their albedo is higher than that of forests or the sea.
Features.
Many people think of deserts as consisting of extensive areas of billowing sand dunes because that is the way they are often depicted on TV and in films, but deserts do not always look like this. Across the world, around 20% of desert is sand, varying from only 2% in North America to 30% in Australia and over 45% in Central Asia. Where sand does occur, it is usually in large quantities in the form of sand sheets or extensive areas of dunes.
A sand sheet is a near-level, firm expanse of partially consolidated particles in a layer that varies from a few centimeters to a few meters thick. The structure of the sheet consists of thin horizontal layers of coarse silt and very fine to medium grain sand, separated by layers of coarse sand and pea-gravel which are a single grain thick. These larger particles anchor the other particles in place and may also be packed together on the surface so as to form a miniature desert pavement. Small ripples form on the sand sheet when the wind exceeds 24 kph (15 mph). They form perpendicular to the wind direction and gradually move across the surface as the wind continues to blow. The distance between their crests corresponds to the average length of jumps made by particles during saltation. The ripples are ephemeral and a change in wind direction causes them to reorganise.
Sand dunes are accumulations of windblown sand piled up in mounds or ridges. They form downwind of copious sources of dry, loose sand and occur when topographic and climatic conditions cause airborne particles to settle. As the wind blows, saltation and creep take place on the windward side of the dune and individual grains of sand move uphill. When they reach the crest, they cascade down the far side. The upwind slope typically has a gradient of 10° to 20° while the lee slope is around 32°, the angle at which loose dry sand will slip. As this wind-induced movement of sand grains takes place, the dune moves slowly across the surface of the ground. Dunes are sometimes solitary, but they are more often grouped together in dune fields. When these are extensive, they are known as sand seas or ergs.
The shape of the dune depends on the characteristics of the prevailing wind. Barchan dunes are produced by strong winds blowing across a level surface, and are crescent-shaped with the concave side away from the wind. When there are two directions from which winds regularly blow, a series of long, linear dunes known as seif dunes may form. These also occur parallel to a strong wind that blows in one general direction. Transverse dunes run at a right angle to the prevailing wind direction. Star dunes are formed by variable winds, and have several ridges and slip faces radiating from a central point. They tend to grow vertically; they can reach a height of , making them the tallest type of dune. Rounded mounds of sand without a slip face are the rare dome dunes, found on the upwind edges of sand seas.
A large part of the surface area of the world's deserts consists of flat, stone-covered plains dominated by wind erosion. In "eolian deflation", the wind continually removes fine-grained material, which becomes wind-blown sand. This exposes coarser-grained material, mainly pebbles with some larger stones or cobbles, leaving a desert pavement, an area of land overlaid by closely packed smooth stones forming a tessellated mosaic. Different theories exist as to how exactly the pavement is formed. It may be that after the sand and dust is blown away by the wind the stones jiggle themselves into place; alternatively, stones previously below ground may in some way work themselves to the surface. Very little further erosion takes place after the formation of a pavement, and the ground becomes stable. Evaporation brings moisture to the surface by capillary action and calcium salts may be precipitated, binding particles together to form a desert conglomerate. In time, bacteria that live on the surface of the stones accumulate a film of minerals and clay particles, forming a shiny brown coating known as desert varnish.
Other non-sandy deserts consist of exposed outcrops of bedrock, dry soils or aridisols, and a variety of landforms affected by flowing water, such as alluvial fans, sinks or playas, temporary or permanent lakes, and oases. A hamada is a type of desert landscape consisting of a high rocky plateau where the sand has been removed by aeolian processes. Other landforms include plains largely covered by gravels and angular boulders, from which the finer particles have been stripped by the wind. These are called "reg" in the western Sahara, "serir" in the eastern Sahara, "gibber plains" in Australia and "saï" in central Asia. The Tassili Plateau in Algeria is an impressive jumble of eroded sandstone outcrops, canyons, blocks, pinnacles, fissures, slabs and ravines. In some places the wind has carved holes or arches and in others it has created mushroom-like pillars narrower at the base than the top. In the Colorado Plateau it is water that has been the eroding force. Here the Colorado River has cut its way over the millennia through the high desert floor creating a canyon that is over a mile (6,000 feet or 1,800 meters) deep in places, exposing strata that are over two billion year old.
Water.
One of the driest places on Earth is the Atacama Desert. It is virtually devoid of life because it is blocked from receiving precipitation by the Andes mountains to the east and the Chilean Coast Range to the west. The cold Humboldt Current and the anticyclone of the Pacific are essential to keep the dry climate of the Atacama. The average precipitation in the Chilean region of Antofagasta is just per year. Some weather stations in the Atacama have never received rain. Evidence suggests that the Atacama may not have had any significant rainfall from 1570 to 1971. It is so arid that mountains that reach as high as are completely free of glaciers and, in the southern part from 25°S to 27°S, may have been glacier-free throughout the Quaternary, though permafrost extends down to an altitude of and is continuous above . Nevertheless, there is some plant life in the Atacama, in the form of specialist plants that obtain moisture from dew and the fogs that blow in from the Pacific.
When rain falls in deserts, as it occasionally does, it is often with great violence. The desert surface is evidence of this with dry stream channels known as arroyos or wadis meandering across its surface. These can experience flash floods, becoming raging torrents with surprising rapidity after a storm that may be many kilometers away. Most deserts are in basins with no drainage to the sea but some are crossed by exotic rivers sourced in mountain ranges or other high rainfall areas beyond their borders. The River Nile, the Colorado River and the Yellow River do this, losing much of their water through evaporation as they pass through the desert and raising groundwater levels nearby. There may also be underground sources of water in deserts in the form of springs, aquifers, underground rivers or lakes. Where these lie close to the surface, wells can be dug and oases may form where plant and animal life can flourish. The Nubian Sandstone Aquifer System under the Sahara Desert is the largest known accumulation of fossil water. The Great Man-Made River is a scheme launched by Libya's Colonel Gadaffi to tap this aquifer and supply water to coastal cities. Kharga Oasis in Egypt is long and is the largest oasis in the Libyan Desert. A lake occupied this depression in ancient times and thick deposits of sandy-clay resulted. Wells are dug to extract water from the porous sandstone that lies underneath. Seepages may occur in the walls of canyons and pools may survive in deep shade near the dried up watercourse below.
Lakes may form in basins where there is sufficient precipitation or meltwater from glaciers above. They are usually shallow and saline, and wind blowing over their surface can cause stress, moving the water over nearby low-lying areas. When the lakes dry up, they leave a crust or hardpan behind. This area of deposited clay, silt or sand is known as a playa. The deserts of North America have more than one hundred playas, many of them relics of Lake Bonneville which covered parts of Utah, Nevada and Idaho during the last ice age when the climate was colder and wetter. These include the Great Salt Lake, Utah Lake, Sevier Lake and many dry lake beds. The smooth flat surfaces of playas have been used for attempted vehicle speed records at Black Rock Desert and Bonneville Speedway and the United States Air Force uses Rogers Dry Lake in the Mojave Desert as runways for aircraft and the space shuttle.
Biogeography.
Flora.
Plants face severe challenges in arid environments. Problems they need to solve include how to obtain enough water, how to avoid being eaten and how to reproduce. Photosynthesis is the key to plant growth. It can only takes place during the day as energy from the sun is required, but during the day, many deserts become very hot. Opening stomata to allow in the carbon dioxide necessary for the process causes evapotranspiration, and conservation of water is a top priority for desert vegetation. Some plants have resolved this problem by adopting crassulacean acid metabolism, allowing them to open their stomata during the night to allow CO2 to enter, and close them during the day, or by using C4 carbon fixation.
Many desert plants have reduced the size of their leaves or abandoned them altogether. Cacti are desert specialists and in most species the leaves have been dispensed with and the chlorophyll displaced into the trunks, the cellular structure of which have been modified to allow them to store water. When rain falls, the water is rapidly absorbed by the shallow roots and retained to allow them to survive until the next downpour which may be months or years away. The giant saguaro cacti of the Sonoran Desert form "forests", provide shade for other plants and nesting places for desert birds. Saguaro grow slowly but may live for up to two hundred years. The surface of the trunk is folded like a concertina allowing it to expand and a large specimen can hold eight tons of water after a good downpour.
Cacti are restricted to the New World but other xerophytic plants have developed similar strategies by a process known as convergent evolution. They limit water loss by reducing the size and number of stomata, by having waxy coatings and hairy or tiny leaves. Some are deciduous, shedding their leaves in the driest season, and others curl their leaves up to reduce transpiration. Others store water in succulent leaves or stems or in fleshy tubers. Desert plants maximize water uptake by having shallow roots that spread widely, or by developing long taproots that reach down to deep rock strata for ground water. The saltbush in Australia has succulent leaves and secretes salt crystals, enabling it to live in saline areas. In common with cacti, many have developed spines to ward off browsing animals.
Some desert plants produce seed which lies dormant in the soil until sparked into growth by rainfall. When annuals, such plants grow with great rapidity and may flower and set seed within weeks, aiming to complete their development before the last vestige of water dries up. For perennial plants, reproduction is more likely to be successful if the seed germinates in a shaded position, but not so close to the parent plant as to be in competition with it. Some seed will not germinate until it has been blown about on the desert floor to scarify the seed coat. The seed of the mesquite tree which grows in deserts in American is hard and fails to sprout even when planted carefully. When it has passed through the gut of a pronghorn it germinates readily, and the little pile of moist dung provides an excellent start to life well away from the parent tree. The stems and leaves of some plants lower the surface velocity of sand-carrying winds and protect the ground from erosion. Even small fungi and microscopic plant organisms found on the soil surface (so-called "cryptobiotic soil") can be a vital link in preventing erosion and providing support for other living organisms. Cold deserts often have high concentrations of salt in the soil. Grasses and low shrubs are the dominant vegetation here and the ground may be covered with lichens. Most shrubs have spiny leaves and shed them in the coldest part of the year.
Fauna.
Animals adapted to live in deserts are called xerocoles. There is no evidence that body temperature of mammals and birds is adaptive to the different climates, either of great heat or cold. In fact, with a very few exceptions, their basal metabolic rate is determined by body size, irrespective of the climate in which they live. Many desert animals (and plants) show especially clear evolutionary adaptations for water conservation or heat tolerance and so are often studied in comparative physiology, ecophysiology, and evolutionary physiology. One well-studied example is the specializations of mammalian kidneys shown by desert-inhabiting species. Many examples of convergent evolution have been identified in desert organisms, including between cacti and Euphorbia, kangaroo rats and jerboas, "Phrynosoma" and "Moloch" lizards.
Deserts present a very challenging environment for animals. Not only do they require food and water but they also need to keep their body temperature at a tolerable level. In many ways birds are the most able to do this of the higher animals. They can move to areas of greater food availability as the desert blooms after local rainfall and can fly to faraway waterholes. In hot deserts, gliding birds can remove themselves from the over-heated desert floor by using thermals to soar in the cooler air at great heights. In order to conserve energy, other desert birds run rather than fly. The cream-colored courser flits gracefully across the ground on its long legs, stopping periodically to snatch up insects. Like other desert birds it is well-camouflaged by its coloring and can merge into the landscape when stationary. The sandgrouse is an expert at this and nests on the open desert floor dozens of kilometers (miles) away from the waterhole it needs to visit daily. Some small diurnal birds are found in very restricted localities where their plumage matches the color of the underlying surface. The desert lark takes frequent dust baths which ensures that it matches its environment.
When fat is metabolised, produces about of water and this fact enables some desert animals to live on their fat reserves without recourse to liquid water. The kangaroo rat does this and also conserves water by having a low metabolic rate, which reduces loss of water through its skin and respiratory system. Herbivorous mammals obtain moisture from the plants they eat. The addax antelope is so efficient at doing this that it never needs to drink. The camel is a superb example of a mammal adapted to desert life. It minimizes its water loss by producing concentrated urine and dry dung, and is able to lose 40% of its body weight through water loss without dying of dehydration. Carnivores can obtain much of their water needs from the body fluids of their prey. Many other hot desert animals are nocturnal, seeking out shade during the day or dwelling underground in burrows. At depths of more than , these remain at between 30 and 32 °C (86 and 90 °F) regardless of the external temperature. Jerboas, desert rats, kangaroo rats and other small rodents emerge from their burrows at night and so do the foxes, coyotes, jackals and snakes that prey on them. Kangaroos keep cool by increasing their respiration rate, panting, sweating and moistening the skin of their forelegs with saliva. Mammals living in cold deserts have developed greater insulation through warmer body fur and insulating layers of fat beneath the skin. The arctic weasel has a metabolic rate that is two or three times as high as would be expected for an animal of its size. Birds have avoided the problem of their feet becoming chilled by maintaining their lower limbs at external temperatures. The emperor penguin has dense plumage, a downy under layer, an air insulation layer next the skin and various thermoregulatory strategies to maintain its body temperature in one of the harshest environments on Earth.
Being ectotherms, reptiles are unable to live in cold deserts but are well-suited to hot ones. In the heat of the day in the Sahara, the temperature can rise to . Reptiles cannot survive at this temperature and lizards will be prostrated by heat at . They have few adaptations to desert life and are unable to cool themselves by sweating so they shelter during the heat of the day. In the first part of the night, as the ground radiates the heat absorbed during the day, they emerge and search for prey. Lizards and snakes are the most numerous in arid regions and certain snakes have developed a novel method of locomotion that enables them to move sidewards and navigate high sand-dunes. These include the horned viper of Africa and the sidewinder of North America, evolutionarily distinct but with similar behavioural patterns because of convergent evolution. Many desert reptiles are ambush predators and often bury themselves in the sand, waiting for prey to come within range.
Amphibians might seem unlikely desert-dwellers, because of their need to keep their skins moist and their dependence on water for reproductive purposes. In fact, the few species that are found in this habitat have made some remarkable adaptations. Most of them are fossorial, spending the hot dry months aestivating in deep burrows. While there they shed their skins a number of times and retain the remnants around them as a waterproof cocoon to retain moisture. In the Sonoran Desert, Couch's spadefoot toad spends most of the year dormant in its burrow. Heavy rain is the trigger for emergence and the first male to find a suitable pool calls to attract others. Eggs are laid and the tadpoles grow rapidly as they must reach metamorphosis before the water evaporates. As the desert dries out, the adult toads rebury themselves. The juveniles stay on the surface for a while, feeding and growing, but soon dig themselves burrows. Few make it to adulthood. The water holding frog in Australia has a similar life cycle and may aestivate for as long as five years if no rain falls. The Desert rain frog of Namibia is nocturnal and survives because of the damp sea fogs that roll in from the Atlantic.
Invertebrates, particularly arthropods, have successfully made their homes in the desert. Flies, beetles, ants, termites, locusts, millipedes, scorpions and spiders have hard cuticles which are impervious to water and many of them lay their eggs underground and their young develop away from the temperature extremes at the surface. The Saharan silver ant ("Cataglyphis bombycina") uses a heat shock protein in a novel way and forages in the open during brief forays in the heat of the day. The long-legged darkling beetle in Namibia stands on its front legs and raises its carapace to catch the morning mist as condensate, funnelling the water into its mouth. Some arthropods make use of the ephemeral pools that form after rain and complete their life cycle in a matter of days. The desert shrimp does this, appearing "miraculously" in new-formed puddles as the dormant eggs hatch. Others, such as brine shrimps, fairy shrimps and tadpole shrimps, are cryptobiotic and can lose up to 92% of their bodyweight, rehydrating as soon as it rains and their temporary pools reappear.
Human relations.
Humans have long made use of deserts as places to live, and more recently have started to exploit them for minerals and energy capture. Deserts play a significant role in human culture with an extensive literature.
History.
People have been living in deserts for millennia. Many, such as the Bushmen in the Kalahari, the Aborigines in Australia and various tribes of North American Indians, were originally hunter-gatherers. They developed skills in the manufacture and use of weapons, animal tracking, finding water, foraging for edible plants and using the things they found in their natural environment to supply their everyday needs. Their self-sufficient skills and knowledge were passed down through the generations by word of mouth. Other cultures developed a nomadic way of life as herders of sheep, goats, cattle, camels, yaks, lamas or reindeer. They travelled over large areas with their herds, moving to new pastures as seasonal and erratic rainfall encouraged new plant growth. They took with them their tents made of cloth or skins draped over poles and their diet included milk, blood and sometimes meat.
The desert nomads were also traders. The Sahara is a very large expanse of land stretching from the Atlantic rim to Egypt. Trade routes were developed linking the Sahel in the south with the fertile Mediterranean region to the north and large numbers of camels were used to carry valuable goods across the desert interior. The Tuareg were traders and the goods transported traditionally included slaves, ivory and gold going northwards and salt going southwards. Berbers with knowledge of the region were employed to guide the caravans between the various oases and wells. Several million slaves may have been taken northwards across the Sahara between the 8th and 18th centuries. Traditional means of overland transport declined with the advent of motor vehicles, shipping and air freight, but caravans still travel along routes between Agadez and Bilma and between Timbuktu and Taoudenni carrying salt from the interior to desert-edge communities.
Round the rims of deserts, where more precipitation occurred and conditions were more suitable, some groups took to cultivating crops. This may have happened when drought caused the death of herd animals, forcing herdsmen to turn to cultivation. With few inputs, they were at the mercy of the weather and may have lived at bare subsistence level. The land they cultivated reduced the area available to nomadic herders, causing disputes over land. The semi-arid fringes of the desert have fragile soils which are at risk of erosion when exposed, as happened in the American Dust Bowl in the 1930s. The grasses that held the soil in place were ploughed under, and a series of dry years caused crop failures, while enormous dust storms blew the topsoil away. Half a million Americans were forced to leave their land in this catastrophe.
Similar damage is being done today to the semi-arid areas that rim deserts and about twelve million hectares of land are being turned to desert each year. Desertification is caused by such factors as drought, climatic shifts, tillage for agriculture, overgrazing and deforestation. Vegetation plays a major role in determining the composition of the soil. In many environments, the rate of erosion and run off increases dramatically with reduced vegetation cover. Unprotected dry surfaces tend to be blown away by the wind or be washed away by flash floods, leaving infertile soil layers that bake in the sun and become unproductive hardpan. Although overgrazing has historically been considered to be a cause of desertification, there is some evidence that wild and domesticated animals actually improve fertility and vegetation cover, and that their removal encourages erosive processes.
Natural resource extraction.
Deserts contain substantial mineral resources, sometimes over their entire surface, giving them their characteristic colors. For example, the red of many sand deserts comes from laterite minerals. Geological processes in a desert climate can concentrate minerals into valuable deposits. Leaching by ground water can extract ore minerals and redeposit them, according to the water table, in concentrated form. Similarly, evaporation tends to concentrate minerals in desert lakes, creating dry lake beds or playas rich in minerals. Evaporation can concentrate minerals as a variety of evaporite deposits, including gypsum, sodium nitrate, sodium chloride and borates. Evaporites are found in the USA's Great Basin Desert, historically exploited by the "20-mule teams" pulling carts of borax from Death Valley to the nearest railway. A desert especially rich in mineral salts is the Atacama Desert, Chile, where sodium nitrate has been mined for explosives and fertilizer since around 1850. Other desert minerals are copper from Chile, Peru, and Iran, and iron and uranium in Australia. Many other metals, salts and commercially valuable types of rock such as pumice are extracted from deserts around the world.
Oil and gas form on the bottom of shallow seas when micro-organisms decompose under anoxic conditions and later become covered with sediment. Many deserts were at one time the sites of shallow seas and others have had underlying hydrocarbon deposits transported to them by the movement of tectonic plates.
Some major oilfields such as Ghawar are found under the sands of Saudi Arabia. Geologists believe that other oil deposits were formed by aeolian processes in ancient deserts as may be the case with some of the major American oil fields.
Farming.
Traditional desert farming systems have long been established in North Africa, irrigation being the key to success in an area where water stress is a limiting factor to growth. Techniques that can be used include drip irrigation, the use of organic residues or animal manures as fertilisers and other traditional agricultural management practises. Once fertility has been built up, further crop production preserves the soil from destruction by wind and other forms of erosion. It has been found that plant growth-promoting bacteria play a role in increasing the resistance of plants to stress conditions and these rhizobacterial suspensions could be inoculated into the soil in the vicinity of the plants. A study of these microbes found that desert farming hampers desertification by establishing islands of fertility allowing farmers to achieve increased yields despite the adverse environmental conditions. A field trial in the Sonoran Desert which exposed the roots of different species of tree to rhizobacteria and the nitrogen fixing bacterium "Azospirillum brasilense" with the aim of restoring degraded lands was only partially successful.
The Judean Desert was farmed in the 7th century BC during the Iron Age to supply food for desert forts. Native Americans in the south western United States became agriculturalists around 600 AD when seeds and technologies became available from Mexico. They used terracing techniques and grew gardens beside seeps, in moist areas at the foot of dunes, near streams providing flood irrigation and in areas irrigated by extensive specially built canals. The Hohokam tribe constructed over of large canals and maintained them for centuries, an impressive feat of engineering. They grew maize, beans, squash and peppers.
A modern example of desert farming is the Imperial Valley in California, which has high temperatures and average rainfall of just per year. The economy is heavily based on agriculture and the land is irrigated through a network of canals and pipelines sourced entirely from the Colorado River via the All-American Canal. The soil is deep and fertile, being part of the river's flood plains, and what would otherwise have been desert has been transformed into one of the most productive farming regions in California. Other water from the river is piped to urban communities but all this has been at the expense of the river, which below the extraction sites no longer has any above-ground flow during most of the year. Another problem of growing crops in this way is the build-up of salinity in the soil caused by evaporation of river water. The greening of the desert remains an aspiration and was at one time viewed as a future means for increasing food production for the world's growing population. This prospect has proved false as it disregarded the environmental damage caused elsewhere by the diversion of water for desert project irrigation.
Solar energy capture.
Deserts are increasingly seen as sources for solar energy, partly due to low amounts of cloud cover. Many successful solar power plants have been built in the Mojave Desert. These plants have a combined capacity of 354 megawatts (MW) making them the largest solar power installation in the world. Large swaths of this desert are covered in mirrors, including nine fields of solar collectors. The Mojave Solar Park is currently under construction and will produce 280MW when completed.
The potential for generating solar energy from the Sahara desert is immense. Professor David Faiman of Ben-Gurion University has stated that the technology now exists to supply all of the world's electricity needs from 10% of the Sahara Desert. Desertec Industrial Initiative is a consortium seeking $560 billion to invest in North African solar and wind installations over the next forty years to supply electricity to Europe via cable lines running under the Mediterranean Sea. European interest in the Sahara Desert stems from its two aspects: the almost continual daytime sunshine and plenty of unused land. The Sahara receives more sunshine per acre than any part of Europe. The Sahara Desert also has the empty space totalling hundreds of square miles required to house fields of mirrors for solar plants.
The Negev Desert, Israel, and the surrounding area, including the Arava Valley, receive plenty of sunshine and are generally not arable. This has resulted in the construction of many solar plants. David Faiman has proposed that "giant" solar plants in the Negev could supply all of Israel's needs for electricity.
Warfare.
Both world wars saw fighting in the desert. In the First World War, the Ottoman Turks were engaged with the British regular army in a campaign that spanned the Arabian peninsula. The Turks were defeated by the British, who had the backing of irregular Arab forces that were seeking to revolt against the Turks in the Hejaz, made famous in T. E. Lawrence's book "Seven Pillars of Wisdom".
In the Second World War, the Western Desert Campaign began in Italian Libya. Warfare in the desert offered great scope for tacticians to use the large open spaces without the distractions of casualties among civilian populations. Tanks and armoured vehicles were able to travel large distances unimpeded and land mines were laid in large numbers. However the size and harshness of the terrain meant that all supplies needed to be brought in from great distances. The victors in a battle would advance and their supply chain would necessarily become longer, while the defeated army could retreat, regroup and resupply. For these reasons, the front line moved back and forth through hundreds of kilometers as each side lost and regained momentum. Its most easterly point was at El Alamein in Egypt, where the Allies decisively defeated the Axis forces in 1942.
In culture.
The desert is generally thought of as a barren and empty landscape. It has been portrayed by writers, film-makers, philosophers, artists and critics as a place of extremes, a metaphor for anything from death, war or religion to the primitive past or the desolate future.
There is an extensive literature on the subject of deserts. An early historical account is that of Marco Polo (c. 1254–1324), who travelled through Central Asia to China, crossing a number of deserts in his twenty four year trek. Some accounts give vivid descriptions of desert conditions, though often accounts of journeys across deserts are interwoven with reflection, as is the case in Charles Montagu Doughty's major work, "Travels in Arabia Deserta" (1888). Antoine de Saint-Exupéry described both his flying and the desert in "Wind, Sand and Stars" and Gertrude Bell travelled extensively in the Arabian desert in the early part of the 20th century, becoming an expert on the subject, writing books and advising the British government on dealing with the Arabs. Another woman explorer was Freya Stark who travelled alone in the Middle East, visiting Turkey, Arabia, Yemen, Syria, Persia and Afghanistan, writing over twenty books on her experiences. The German naturalist Uwe George spent several years living in deserts, recording his experiences and research in his book, "In the Deserts of this Earth".
The American poet Robert Frost expressed his bleak thoughts in his poem, "Desert Places", which ends with the stanza "They cannot scare me with their empty spaces / Between stars - on stars where no human race is. / I have it in me so much nearer home / To scare myself with my own desert places."
Deserts on other planets.
Mars is the only planet in the Solar System on which deserts have been identified. Despite its low surface atmospheric pressure (only 1/100 of that of the Earth), the patterns of atmospheric circulation on Mars have formed a sea of circumpolar sand more than 5 million km² (1.9 million sq mi) in area, much larger than deserts on Earth. The Martian deserts principally consist of dunes in the form of half-moons in flat areas near the permanent polar ice caps in the north of the planet. The smaller dune fields occupy the bottom of many of the craters situated in the Martian polar regions. Examination of the surface of rocks by laser beamed from the Mars Exploration Rover have shown a surface film that resembles the desert varnish found on Earth although it might just be surface dust. The surface of Titan, a moon of Saturn, also has a sandy desert surface.

</doc>
<doc id="18956002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956002" title="Paramount Famous Productions">
Paramount Famous Productions

Paramount Famous Productions is a made-for-home entertainment division of Paramount Pictures. It was launched in 2009 with the movie "". It develops home entertainment sequels to films from Paramount Pictures, Paramount Vantage, MTV Films, DreamWorks Pictures, Nickelodeon Movies, and other Paramount-related properties. The name also revives the "Famous" moniker previously used by the Paramount-owned Famous Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="18956007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956007" title="List of shipwrecks in 1866">
List of shipwrecks in 1866

The list of shipwrecks in 1866 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1866.

</doc>
<doc id="18956015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956015" title="Rialto Theater (Tacoma, Washington)">
Rialto Theater (Tacoma, Washington)

The Rialto Theatre in Tacoma, Washington was designed by Roland Borhek. For more information regarding the Rialto Theater, visit the Broadway Center for the Performing Arts.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18956023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956023" title="Landing at Nassau Bay">
Landing at Nassau Bay

The Landing at Nassau Bay was an amphibious landing by Allied forces at Nassau Bay during the New Guinea campaign of World War II that took place between 30 June and 6 July 1943. The landing was undertaken so that Allies could secure a beachhead to establish a supply point to shorten their supply lines for the proposed attack on Salamaua as part of the Salamaua-Lae campaign.
Background.
Upon the recommendation of Commander Morton C. Mumma, the Allied South West Pacific Area GHQ determined that a beachhead at Nassau Bay would greatly shorten the supply line for Australian and American troops for the proposed attack against Salamaua. 
During the night of 28 June 1943, the 162nd Infantry Regiment's Intelligence and Reconnaissance Platoon placed lights upon islands lying offshore between Nassau Bay and Mageri Point to guide the invasion flotilla. Colonel Archibald R. MacKechnie flew to the Bulolo Valley for a conference with General Stanley Savige to discuss the proposed landings. 'D' Company of the 2/6th Australian Infantry Battalion from Lababia Ridge was required to march to the mouth of the Bitoi River to divert Japanese attention from Nassau Bay. Also, one platoon of 'D' Company 2/6th Australian Infantry Battalion was sent to the landing beach to set up lights to guide the landing craft. 'A' Company of the Papuan Infantry Battalion, reconnoitered to Cape Dinga just south of Nassau Bay for the southern flank.
Prior to the landing the USAAF Fifth Air Force's B-25s bombed Imperial Japanese strong points along the Bitoi River, and A-20s pounded a supply dump on the southern side of Nassau Bay on 29 June. The amphibious landing force was known as "MacKechnie Force".
Landing.
Consisting of the combined elements of Colonel MacKechnie's American 162d Regiment as well as Australian units, "MacKechnie Force" embarked from Mort Bay at dusk on 29 June 1943. PT boats PT-142, PT-143, PT-120 of the Seventh Fleet took aboard 210 men of the 1st Battalion, 162nd Infantry Regiment, with PT-68 providing escorted. Twenty-nine LCVPs, two requisitioned Japanese barges of the 2nd Engineer Special Brigade, and one Landing Craft Mechanized of the 532nd Engineer Boat and Shore Regiment took the other 770 men of the 1st Battalion, 162nd Infantry Regiment on board at Mageri Point. The landing force was organized into three waves.
With rough seas, heavy rain, and poor visibility the landing force lost escort PT-68 after leaving Mort Bay. PT-142 with Lieutenant Commander Barry K. Atkins led the first wave of landing craft out of Mort Bay and due to poor visibility obscuring the offshore island guide lights the first wave overshot Nassau Bay by up to . Time was taken turning around and finding the convoy again. 
At Nassau Bay, a platoon of 'D' Company, 2/6th Australian Infantry Battalion of the 17th Brigade, from Mubo set landing markers to guide the landing craft into the beachhead. As the first wave with PT-142 arrived at Nassau Bay, PT-143 arrived with the second wave landing craft. The landing craft intermingled and landed on the same stretch of beach in pounding surf. The landing craft were pushed far up on the beach, with seventeen unable to get off the beach which became broached and filled with water. The Landing Craft Mechanized, after unloading a bulldozer was able to proceed back out to sea and retrieved the troops off PT 142 and then returned to the beach, where it became swamped. The landing had been unopposed with 770 men landed at Nassau Bay. The landing craft breached were wrecked and most of the radios were damaged by salt water. PT-143 returned to the advanced PT Base at Morobe, while PT-142 and PT-68 provided seaward protection.
The garrison of 300 Imperial Japanese troops had retreated after Commander Torashige Tsukiokare was killed by a bomb in his Headquarters that day and fled into the jungle, believing that the bulldozer was a tank.
The third wave of landing craft with PT-120 arrived hours after the first two waves and decided not to land until the surf abated. They took shelter in a cove down the coast, until the storm had subsided and returned to Nassau Bay but failed to find the beachhead. The wave returned to Mageri Point.
During the first night 'A' and C Companies, 162nd Infantry Regiment, established defence lines north and south, respectively, of the landing beach. A platoon of 'D' Company, 2/6th Australian Infantry Battalion defended the western flank. No contact was made with the Imperial Japanese that night.
At dawn on 30 June, the beach was cleared of all ammunition, equipment, and supplies. Machine guns salvaged from the wrecked landing craft were set up in the beach defences. 'C' Company marched south to the Tabali River just west of Cape Dinga to try to link up with the Papuan Infantry Battalion which was located to the south of Cape Dinga. 'A' Company patrolled north to the south arm of the Bitoi River and ran into enemy mortar and machine gun fire and was halted. Patrols reported the enemy present in some strength. 'A' Company with ' D' Company of 2/16th Australian Infantry Battalion attempted to strike the Japanese western flank but was stopped. 'D' Company of 2/6th Australian Infantry Battalion ran out of ammunition and was relieved by a detachment of engineers from the crews of the wrecked landing craft. Two platoons of 'C' Company rushed up from the south to join 'A' Company and at 15:00 started forward and by 16:50 had moved past the scattered Japanese opposition to reach the south arm of the Bitoi River.
Upon receiving word of the invasion in Lae, General Hatazō Adachi, ordered 150 men of III/66th Battalion south from Salamua. The Papuan Infantry Battalion began attacking the rear of the Japanese detachment of III/102nd Battalion at Cape Dinga and began moving toward the Nassau Bay beachhead. At 16:30 on 30 June, the remainder of 'C' Company defending the southern flank reported that Japanese troops were crossing the Tabali River just south of its position, and was ordered to withdraw to the southern densive flank of the beachhead and hold a line between the beach and a swamp a short distance inland. Before the remainder of 'C' Company could withdraw, Japanese troops attacked its rear and flank and fought its way north, losing the commander and four men on the way.
The beachhead defence line at the beach, utilising engineers, part of Australian 'D' Company, and headquarters were hastily prepared. At dusk one of 'C' Company's platoons reached the southern perimeter of the beachhead defence line. The Imperial Japanese attacked the defensive line in a series of attacks lasting all night, with machine gun, mortar, rifle and grenade fire against the beachhead defensive positions. Small parties of Japanese soldiers attempted to infiltrate the positions, but were beaten off. The Japanese withdrew before sunrise on 1 July. Patrols hunted down straggling Japanese during the morning.
The eastern most company of the 2/6th Australian Infantry Battalion advanced to the coast near the southern arm of the Bitoi River, driving off a company of Japanese. Further patrols found that the Japanese defenders north of Nassau Bay had withdrawn.
On 2 July, the third wave of landing craft with PT-120 reached Nassau Bay. PT-120 also strafed two Japanese held villages to the south of Nassau Bay near Cape Dinga. Further landing craft hauled by trawlers also arrived at Nassau Bay. The eastern most company of 2/6th Australian Infantry Battalion made contact with the northern perimeter of American troops at the south arm of the Bitoi River. Patrols by C Company, 162nd Infantry Regiment found Japanese defenders at Cape Dinga had been evacuated.
Four 75mm Pack Howitzer M1 artillery guns were unloaded on 3 July, together with reinforcements. "MacKechnie Force" patrols were then sent out towards Napier. By 4 July, more than 1,400 troops were ashore. PT-120 and PT-152 carried 140 troops to Nassau Bay, which were transferred to shore by landing craft. On 6 July, PT-120 & PT-149 transfer another 135 troops and escort 11 landing craft to Nassau Bay.
Aftermath.
The Allied forces gained a supply point for the attack against Salamaua. Heavy artillery landed at Nassau Bay was able to shell Salamaua. The Papuan Infantry Battalion advanced along the coast ahead of the 162nd Infantry Regiment and reached Lake Salus on 9 July and then pushed on to Tambu Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="18956024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956024" title="S. T. Elliott House">
S. T. Elliott House

The S. T. Elliott House is a Bungalow/Craftsman style house located in Kingman, Arizona.
Description.
The S. T. Elliott House is located at 537 Springs Street in Kingman, Arizona. The home was built in 1917. The home is a Bungalow/Craftsman style. The house was built by J. B. Lammers a contractor from Flagstaff, Arizona. Mr. Elliott came to Arizona in 1891 and he worked for the Babbitt Brothers in Flagstaff. He operated Elliott Stores from 1907 till his retirement in 1935. The Elliott Store was next to Watkins Drugs on Front Street (Andy Devine Avenue) and 4th Street. The house was added to the National Register of Historical Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18956035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956035" title="Caribbean">
Caribbean

The Caribbean ( or ; ; ; or more commonly "Antilles") is a region that consists of the Caribbean Sea, its islands (some surrounded by the Caribbean Sea and some bordering both the Caribbean Sea and the North Atlantic Ocean), and the surrounding coasts. The region is southeast of the Gulf of Mexico and the North American mainland, east of Central America, and north of South America.
Situated largely on the Caribbean Plate, the region comprises more than 700 islands, islets, reefs, and cays. (See the list.) These islands generally form island arcs that delineate the eastern and northern edges of the Caribbean Sea. The Caribbean islands, consisting of the Greater Antilles on the north and the Lesser Antilles on the south and east (including the Leeward Antilles), are part of the somewhat larger West Indies grouping, which also includes the Lucayan Archipelago (comprising the Bahamas and Turks and Caicos Islands) north of the Greater Antilles and Caribbean Sea. In a wider sense, the mainland countries of Belize, Guyana,and Suriname – may be included.
Geopolitically, the Caribbean islands are usually regarded as a subregion of North America and are organized into 30 territories including sovereign states, overseas departments, and dependencies. From January 3, 1958, to May 31, 1962, there was a short-lived country called the Federation of the West Indies composed of ten English-speaking Caribbean territories, all of which were then United Kingdom dependencies. The West Indies cricket team continues to represent many of those nations.
Etymology and pronunciation.
The region takes its name from that of the Carib, an ethnic group present in the Lesser Antilles and parts of adjacent South America at the time of the Spanish conquest.
The two most prevalent pronunciations of "Caribbean" are -ə-'-ən", with the primary accent on the third syllable, and "kə--ee-ən", with the accent on the second. The former pronunciation is the older of the two, although the stressed-second-syllable variant has been established for over seventy-five years. It has been suggested that speakers of British English prefer -ə-'-ən" while North American speakers more typically use "kə--ee-ən", although not all sources agree. Usage is split within Caribbean English itself.
Definition.
The word "Caribbean" has multiple uses. Its principal ones are geographical and political. The Caribbean can also be expanded to include territories with strong cultural and historical connections to slavery, European colonisation, and the plantation system.
Geography, geology, and climate.
The geography and climate in the Caribbean region varies: Some islands in the region have relatively flat terrain of non-volcanic origin. These islands include Aruba (possessing only minor volcanic features), Barbados, Bonaire, the Cayman Islands, Saint Croix, The Bahamas, and Antigua. Others possess rugged towering mountain-ranges like the islands of Cuba, Hispaniola, Puerto Rico, Jamaica, Dominica, Montserrat, Saba, Saint Kitts, Saint Lucia, Saint Thomas, Saint John, Tortola, Grenada, Saint Vincent, Guadeloupe, Martinique, and Trinidad & Tobago.
Definitions of the terms Greater Antilles and Lesser Antilles often vary. The Virgin Islands as part of the Puerto Rican bank are sometimes included with the Greater Antilles. The term Lesser Antilles is often used to define an island arc that includes Grenada but excludes Trinidad and Tobago and the Leeward Antilles.
The climate of the area is tropical but rainfall varies with elevation, size, and water currents (cool upwellings keep the ABC islands arid). Warm, moist tradewinds blow consistently from the east creating rainforest/semidesert divisions on mountainous islands. Occasional northwesterlies affect the northern islands in the winter. The region enjoys year-round sunshine, divided into 'dry' and 'wet' seasons, with the last six months of the year being wetter than the first half.
The waters of the Caribbean Sea host large, migratory schools of fish, turtles, and coral reef formations. The Puerto Rico trench, located on the fringe of the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea just to the north of the island of Puerto Rico, is the deepest point in all of the Atlantic Ocean.
Hurricanes that sometimes batter the region usually strike northwards of Grenada and to the west of Barbados. The principal hurricane belt arcs to northwest of the island of Barbados in the Eastern Caribbean.
The region sits in the line of several major shipping routes with the Panama Canal connecting the western Caribbean Sea with the Pacific Ocean.
Island groups.
Lucayan Archipelago
Greater Antilles
Lesser Antilles
Historical groupings.
All islands at some point were, and a few still are, colonies of European nations; a few are overseas or dependent territories:
The British West Indies were united by the United Kingdom into a West Indies Federation between 1958 and 1962. The independent countries formerly part of the B.W.I. still have a joint cricket team that competes in Test matches, One Day Internationals and Twenty20 Internationals. The West Indian cricket team includes the South American nation of Guyana, the only former British colony on that continent.
In addition, these countries share the University of the West Indies as a regional entity. The university consists of three main campuses in Jamaica, Barbados and Trinidad and Tobago, a smaller campus in the Bahamas and Resident Tutors in other contributing territories such as Trinidad.
Biodiversity.
The Caribbean islands are remarkable for the diversity of their animals, fungi and plants, and have been classified as one of Conservation International's biodiversity hotspots because of their exceptionally diverse terrestrial and marine ecosystems, ranging from montane cloud forests to cactus scrublands. The region also contains about 8% (by surface area) of the world's coral reefs along with extensive seagrass meadows, both of which are frequently found in the shallow marine waters bordering island and continental coasts off the region.
For the fungi, there is a modern checklist based on nearly 90,000 records derived from specimens in reference collections, published accounts and field observations. That checklist includes more than 11250 species of fungi recorded from the region. As its authors note, the work is far from exhaustive, and it is likely that the true total number of fungal species already known from the Caribbean is higher. The true total number of fungal species occurring in the Caribbean, including species not yet recorded, is likely far higher given the generally accepted estimate that only about 7% of all fungi worldwide have been discovered. Though the amount of available information is still small, a first effort has been made to estimate the number of fungal species endemic to some Caribbean islands. For Cuba, 2200 species of fungi have been tentatively identified as possible endemics of the island; for Puerto Rico, the number is 789 species; for the Dominican Republic, the number is 699 species; for Trinidad and Tobago, the number is 407 species.
Many of the ecosystems of the Caribbean islands have been devastated by deforestation, pollution, and human encroachment. The arrival of the first humans is correlated with extinction of giant owls and dwarf ground sloths. The hotspot contains dozens of highly threatened animals (ranging from birds, to mammals and reptiles), fungi and plants. Examples of threatened animals include the Puerto Rican Amazon, two species of solenodon (giant shrews) in Cuba and the Hispaniola island, and the Cuban crocodile.
The region's coral reefs, which contain about 70 species of hard corals and between 500–700 species of reef-associated fishes have undergone rapid decline in ecosystem integrity in recent years, and are considered particularly vulnerable to global warming and ocean acidification.
Some Caribbean islands have terrain that Europeans found suitable for cultivation for agriculture. Tobacco was an important early crop during the colonial era, but was eventually overtaken by sugarcane production as the region's staple crop. Sugar was produced from sugarcane for export to Europe. Cuba and Barbados were historically the largest producers of sugar. The tropical plantation system thus came to dominate Caribbean settlement. Other islands were found to have terrain unsuited for agriculture, for example Dominica, which remains heavily forested. The islands in the southern Lesser Antilles, Aruba, Bonaire and Curaçao, are extremely arid, making them unsuitable for agriculture. However, they have salt pans that were exploited by the Dutch. Sea water was pumped into shallow ponds, producing coarse salt when the water evaporated.
The natural environmental diversity of the Caribbean islands has led to recent growth in eco-tourism. This type of tourism is growing on islands lacking sandy beaches and dense human populations.
Demographics.
The population of the Caribbean is estimated to have been around 750,000 immediately before European contact, although lower and higher figures are given. After contact, social disruption and epidemic diseases such as smallpox and measles (to which they had no natural immunity) led to a decline in the Amerindian population. From 1500 to 1800 the population rose as slaves arrived from West Africa such as the Kongo, Igbo, Akan, Fon and Yoruba as well as military prisoners and captured slaves from Ireland, who were deported during the Cromwellian reign in England. Immigrants from Britain, Italy, France, Spain, the Netherlands, Portugal and Denmark also arrived, although the mortality rate was high for both groups.
The population is estimated to have reached 2.2 million by 1800. Immigrants from India, China, and other countries arrived in the 19th century. After the ending of the Atlantic slave trade, the population increased naturally. The total regional population was estimated at 37.5 million by 2000.
The majority of the Caribbean has populations of mainly Africans in the French Caribbean, Anglophone Caribbean and Dutch Caribbean, there are minorities of mixed-race and European peoples of Dutch, English, French, Italian and Portuguese ancestry. Asians, especially those of Chinese and Indian descent, form a significant minority in the region and also contribute to multiracial communities. All of their ancestors arrived in the 19th century as indentured laborers.
The Spanish-speaking Caribbean have primarily mixed race, African, or European majorities. Puerto Rico has a European majority with a mixture of European-African (mulatto), and a large West African minority. One third of Cuba's (largest Caribbean island) population is of African descent, with a sizable Mulatto (mixed African–European) population, and European majority. The Dominican Republic has mixed majority, primarily descended from West Africans, Spaniards, and Amerindians.
Larger islands such as Jamaica, have a very large African majority, in addition to a significant mixed race, Chinese, Europeans, Indian, Lebanese, Latin American, and Syrian populations. This is a result of years of importation of slaves and indentured labourers, and migration. Most multi-racial Jamaicans refer to themselves as either mixed race or simply Black. The situation is similar for the Caricom states of Belize, Guyana, Suriname and Trinidad and Tobago. Trinidad and Tobago has a multi-racial cosmopolitan society due to the arrival of the Africans, Indians, Chinese, Syrians, Lebanese, Native Amerindians and Europeans. This multi-racial mix has created sub-ethnicities that often straddle the boundaries of major ethnicities and include Chindian, Mulattos and Dougla.
Language.
Spanish, English, French, Dutch, Haitian Creole and Papiamento are the predominant official languages of various countries in the region, though a handful of unique Creole languages or dialects can also be found from one country to another.
Religion.
Christianity is the predominant religion in the Caribbean. Other religious groups in the region are Hinduism, Islam, Rastafari, Santería, Voodoo and others.
Politics.
Regionalism.
Caribbean societies are very different from other Western societies in terms of size, culture, and degree of mobility of their citizens. The current economic and political problems the states face individually are common to all Caribbean states. Regional development has contributed to attempts to subdue current problems and avoid projected problems. From a political and economic perspective, regionalism serves to make Caribbean states active participants in current international affairs through collective coalitions. In 1973, the first political regionalism in the Caribbean Basin was created by advances of the English-speaking Caribbean nations through the institution known as the Caribbean Common Market and Community (CARICOM) which is located in Guyana.
Certain scholars have argued both for and against generalizing the political structures of the Caribbean. On the one hand the Caribbean states are politically diverse, ranging from communist systems such as Cuba toward more capitalist Westminster-style parliamentary systems as in the Commonwealth Caribbean. Other scholars argue that these differences are superficial, and that they tend to undermine commonalities in the various Caribbean states. Contemporary Caribbean systems seem to reflect a "blending of traditional and modern patterns, yielding hybrid systems that exhibit significant structural variations and divergent constitutional traditions yet ultimately appear to function in similar ways." The political systems of the Caribbean states share similar practices.
The influence of regionalism in the Caribbean is often marginalized. Some scholars believe that regionalism cannot exist in the Caribbean because each small state is unique. On the other hand, scholars also suggest that there are commonalities amongst the Caribbean nations that suggest regionalism exists. "Proximity as well as historical ties among the Caribbean nations has led to cooperation as well as a desire for collective action." These attempts at regionalization reflect the nations' desires to compete in the international economic system.
Furthermore, a lack of interest from other major states promoted regionalism in the region. In recent years the Caribbean has suffered from a lack of U.S. interest. "With the end of the Cold War, U.S. security and economic interests have been focused on other areas. As a result there has been a significant reduction in U.S. aid and investment to the Caribbean." The lack of international support for these small, relatively poor states, helped regionalism prosper.
Following the Cold War another issue of importance in the Caribbean has been the reduced economic growth of some Caribbean States due to the United States and European Union's allegations of special treatment toward the region by each other. 
United States effects on regionalism.
The United States under President Bill Clinton launched a challenge in the World Trade Organization against the EU over Europe's preferential program, known as the Lomé Convention, which allowed banana exports from the former colonies of the Group of African, Caribbean and Pacific states (ACP) to enter Europe cheaply. The World Trade Organization sided in the United States' favour and the beneficial elements of the convention to African, Caribbean and Pacific states has been partially dismantled and replaced by the Cotonou Agreement.
During the US/EU dispute, the United States imposed large tariffs on European Union goods (up to 100%) to pressure Europe to change the agreement with the Caribbean nations in favour of the Cotonou Agreement.
Farmers in the Caribbean have complained of falling profits and rising costs as the Lomé Convention weakens. Some farmers have faced increased pressure to turn towards the cultivation of illegal drugs, which has a higher profit margin and fills the sizable demand for these illegal drugs in North America and Europe.
European Union effects on regionalism.
The European Union has also taken issue with US based taxation extended to US companies via the Caribbean countries. The United States has not been in favor of shutting off the practice yet, mainly due to the higher costs that would be passed on to US companies via taxation. Caribbean countries have largely countered the allegations by the OECD by signing more bilateral information sharing deals with OECD members, thus reducing the dangerous aspects of secrecy, and they have strengthened their legislation against money laundering and on conditions under which companies can be based in their nations. The Caribbean nations have also started to more closely cooperate in the Caribbean Financial Action Task Force and other instruments to add oversight of the offshore industry.
One of the most important associations that deal with regionalism amongst the nations of the Caribbean Basin has been the Association of Caribbean States (ACS). Proposed by CARICOM in 1992, the ACS soon won the support of the other countries of the region. It was founded in July 1994. The ACS maintains regionalism within the Caribbean on issues unique to the Caribbean Basin. Through coalition building, like the ACS and CARICOM, regionalism has become an undeniable part of the politics and economics of the Caribbean. The successes of region-building initiatives are still debated by scholars, yet regionalism remains prevalent throughout the Caribbean.
Venezuela's effects on regionalism.
The President of Venezuela, Hugo Chavez launched an economic group called the Bolivarian Alliance for the Americas (ALBA), which several eastern Caribbean islands joined. In 2012, the nation of Haiti, with 9 million people, became the largest CARICOM nation that sought to join the union.
Regional institutions.
Here are some of the bodies that several islands share in collaboration:
See also.
Geography:
Organisations:

</doc>
<doc id="18956051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956051" title="Lim Ho Puah">
Lim Ho Puah

On Siang Tat's death (Wee Siang Tat was the only son of Wee Boon Teck), Lim Ho Puah became the sole surviving partner in the firm of Wee Bin & Co., which was liquidated in 1911, when the greater part of the firm's business, including all the large steamers, was taken over by his son, Lim Peng Siang. Lim Ho Puah was born in Amoy in 1841 and coming to Singapore at an early age entered the service of Wee Bin & Co. in a humble capacity. His industry and business intelligence soon attracted the notice of his employer, Wee Bin, and he became the towkay's son-in-law. He was the founder and senior partner of the Wee Bin steamship line and other concerns. During his long residence in Singapore, he took much interest in local public affairs. He was at one time a Director of Tan Kim Ching's Tanjong Pagar Dock Company, and served also as a member of the Chinese Advisory Board and on the Committee of the Po Leung Kuk, and was made a J.P. He died in February 1913 at the age of 72. His remains were interred in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18956066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956066" title="House at 527 Pine">
House at 527 Pine

The house at 527 Pine Street, Kingman, Arizona, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house was built in 1917. The home is of the style of the Bungalow/Craftsman. The house was built with native stone. This home was built for Mr. Elliott’s nephew. The home was considered an upper class. The nephew was very civic minded. During World War II, the home was used as the Jewish Religious Center for the Jewish Personnel of Kingman Army Air Field.

</doc>
<doc id="18956081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956081" title="Rivoli Theatre">
Rivoli Theatre

Rivoli Theatre or Rivoli Theater may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18956084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956084" title="All That">
All That

All That is an American live-action, sketch comedy-variety show that aired on the Nickelodeon cable television network featuring short comedic sketches and weekly musical guests. The theme song for "All That" was performed by TLC featuring Aileen Quinn. Early episodes were taped at the closed Nickelodeon Studios at Universal Orlando, but then moved to Hollywood at the Nickelodeon On Sunset theater (formerly the Earl Carrol Theatre), where shows like "The Amanda Show", "Kenan & Kel", and "Drake & Josh" were also filmed.
"All That" first aired on April 16, 1994, as a "sneak peek" and debuted as a regular series on December 24, 1994. It was also broadcast internationally, in countries such as the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, India, Japan, Malaysia, Spain, Canada and South Africa.
"All That" lasted ten seasons before it was canceled in 2005. The final episode aired on October 22, 2005 on the Nickelodeon network. The show started out in the SNICK block until 2004, when the network converted the SNICK time-slot into a second night for TEENick. In fact, the second era castmembers would host SNICK as the "On Air Dare" would be played between shows during commercial breaks.
Creative process.
Although Brian Robbins and Mike Tollin are credited as creators, the main creative force behind "All That" was Dan Schneider who became the showrunner of the series in the third season. "All That" marked the beginning of Schneider's prolific career in creating and writing hit television series for young audiences. The "New York Times", in separate articles, referred to Dan Schneider as "the Norman Lear of children's television" and "the master of a television genre".
During Season 1, Kevin Kopelow and Heath Seifert were brought on as producers and continued working in that capacity through Season 3. The writing team advanced to Executive Producers/Head Writers for Seasons 4–6. Kopelow and Seifert continued their relationship with Kenan Thompson and Kel Mitchell by co-executive producing and head writing "Kenan & Kel" and eventually writing the feature film "Good Burger" (1997) with Schneider.
Format.
Borrowing heavily from the 1980s Canadian hit "You Can't Do That on Television", "All That" featured a format of cold open, sketch-comedy pieces and a musical guest in its first six seasons and the final season. The cold opens took place in the green room five minutes before the show was to start. Usually, Kevin the Stage Manager (played by Kevin Kopelow) tries to rouse the cast members to preparation for the show by announcing ""Five minutes!"". Some of these cold opens included playing spin the bottle and having to kiss a cactus, a squid, or a chair; Kel Mitchell reenacting a fight on Kopelow; and guest star Mark Curry tying up Kenan Thompson and wearing his Superdude costume. All other seasons featured a weekly host introducing and occasionally participating in the various sketches and a musical guest, a format pioneered by "Saturday Night Live".
Many of the sketches were original material, although Bill Cosby, Roseanne, Steve Urkel, Ross Perot, and Bill Clinton, were impersonated by Kenan Thompson, Katrina Johnson, Angelique Bates, and Gabriel Iglesias, respectively.
Green rooms.
In the beginning of each episode it would show some of the cast members in the greenroom. In Seasons 3–6, the greenroom would have the "All That" logo painted on the wall and also had a sign that said ON AIR. In Seasons 7–10, featured a view of the logo outside and an elevator and it also had a sign that said "To The Stage:".
The greenroom in Season 1 was located on the set, which was mainly black with set equipment and a stairway to the backstage halls where the cast was also sometimes seen. The Green Room was also located in other parts of the studio (for example a meeting room). Season 2's greenroom was a lounging place for the cast members in which there were pop culture props.
Seasons 3-6's greenroom was the same when the show moved to Hollywood. Inside was the logo painted on the left wall, and couches, tables, chairs, and other pop culture props were seen. It also contained an ON-AIR light board above the door, where the cast left to do the show.
Seasons 7-10's greenroom contained a couch, a kitchen section on the elevated part, which is also where the door was located. Props, pictures, and room accessories were all located throughout the room as well. A platinum inch television screen as also seen on the left hand side, that always displayed an "All That" logo.
Title sequences.
For every season, there is an "All That" title sequence at the beginning after the greenrooms. At first in Seasons 1–2; 3, the opening title was showing the cast and TLC on the streets and going through each cast member's name in alphabetical order. After Bates' departure after Season 2, Bynes became a new member, so the title sequence was edited to include Bynes and remove Bates.
In Seasons 4–5 title sequence, after Johnson and Reyes left the show in Season 3, the show got a new title open. Now with new cast members, Tamberelli, Knowings, and Frierson, the cast were seen walking down a classic red carpet, dressed in classic Hollywood outfits. After Season 4, when Lori Beth had left, the title sequence was edited to cut her out.
In Season 6 title sequence, after Kenan Thompson and Kel Mitchell left, the show had to do another title sequence. This time, cast members Nick Cannon and Mark Saul were credited, and Gabriel Iglesias was added to the cast. The cast were seen up front in the camera behind a multi-color room (green screen).
In Season 7 and 8's title sequences, the show had an all new cast, and they were seen in the opening titles in white clothing behind a black room, where the new looked "All That" logo was seen in neon colors. In Season 8, Jamie Lynn Spears was added as a new member of the show, and was also in white clothing as the others.
In the Season 9 title sequences, after the departure of Bryan Hearne, the cast of this season were seen behind the black room with the same kind of logo, but everyone is instead in red clothing, to mark the shows real color. Christina Kirkman joined the cast. Mid-way, Ryan Coleman joined the cast, and was added in. After this season, relaunch members Lyons, Samuels, and Season 8 member Spears left the show, and there was a final opening title.
Series history.
The run of "All That" can be divided into two parts: seasons one through six and seasons seven through ten (when the original cast was replaced by an entirely new cast).
Original era (1994-2001).
Season One – (1994–1995).
This is the very first season of "All That", which began in 1994–1995 with the pilot and 14 episodes. On April 16, 1994, Nickelodeon aired the pilot which introduced the first cast members: Angelique Bates, Lori Beth Denberg, Katrina Johnson, Kel Mitchell, Alisa Reyes, Josh Server, and Kenan Thompson. "All That" during this period also featured Kevin Kopelow, the Stage Manager, who the cast members constantly mess with and abuse, exclusively during the cold opens. The first season began airing and being broadcast from Orlando, Florida.
Season Two – (1995–1996).
The second season of "All That" ran from 1995 to 1996 with 21 episodes aired. Similar to Season 1, this season stars the same cast members and was still broadcast in Orlando, Florida. During Season 2, many of the show's most popular sketches debuted such as Repairman and Detective Dan. After Season 2 ended, the show moved out of Florida and to Nickelodeon On Sunset (formerly The Earl Carrol Theater) in Hollywood. Season 2 was also the final season featuring Angelique Bates, due to her contract expiring.
Season Three – (1996–1997).
In the third season of "All That", Amanda Bynes joined the cast to replace the departing Angelique Bates. Bynes' characters and sketches included "Ask Ashley", "Space Sketch" (a "" parody), "I Luv Lucy", and Meagen Marples, who loved to slap herself with liver. Although limited to small roles for part of the season, Bynes became a breakout star; "Ask Ashley" was a favorite among fans. About a year after Bynes' arrival, Katrina Johnson and Alisa Reyes left the show. Johnson left half-way because her contract expired, and Reyes left the show to pursue other acting work (Reyes would soon star in the TNBC sitcom "One World" in 1998). During the second half of Season 3, when Katrina Johnson left the show, only appearing in sketches taped before her departure, she was replaced by temporary cast member, Tricia Dickson.
Season Four – (1997–1998).
In Season 4 there were three new faces: Christy Knowings, Leon Frierson, and Danny Tamberelli, and featuring cast members Zack McLemore, who joined for half a season, and Victor-Cohn Lopez. Tamberelli was the first cast member to star in another Nickelodeon series prior to "All That", co-starring as Little Pete on the hit Nick series "The Adventures of Pete & Pete".
Tamberelli's characters and sketches included "Jack Campbell: Fat Cop", Hairy Spice from the Spice Boys, "Cheeseburger Doyle: Private Eye", a talk show host named Francis the Caveman, and "Vital Information" host, succeeding Lori Beth Denberg in Season 5&6.
Knowings's sketches and characters included "Whateverrr!!" co-host Jessica, the nurse for unlikely dentist Dr. Bynes (played by Josh Server), and Miss Klump, the teacher when Lori Beth Denberg – who played teacher Miss Fingerly – had left the series. She also played Winter Wonders in a sketch called "What Do You Do?" This sketch was a parody of a game show on which several "All That" cast members had appeared as panelists, "Figure It Out".
Frierson's characters and sketches included "Leroy & Fuzz", CJ of disco group CJ & the Cloudy Knights, and Billy Fuco – a boy who liked shouting ""I'm Billy Fuco!"" He once appeared in a "Repairman" sketch in which he played Repairboy and offered Repairman a second opinion.
McLemore's characters included Mr. Trevell, a teacher at Dullmont Junior High that Miss Fingerly had a crush on, and the manager of CJ & the Cloudy Knights. Lopez's characters included Ricky from the I Luv Lucy sketch.
The entire Season 4 cast was, in alphabetical order, Amanda Bynes, Lori Beth Denberg, Leon Frierson, Christy Knowings, Kel Mitchell, Josh Server, Danny Tamberelli, and Kenan Thompson with featuring cast members Victor-Cohn Lopez and Zack McLemore appearing sporadically. Christy Knowings and Danny Tamberelli are said to also be breakout stars of the new cast. Comedian and former "Saturday Night Live" cast member Chris Farley made one of his last guest appearances on the show, right before his death in December 1997.
Season 4 was also Lori Beth Denberg's final season on the show. In a live chat on Nick.com, she reasoned that she left "All That", because she "was getting older". Denberg would soon become a cast member of "The Steve Harvey Show" in 1998.
Season Five – (1998–1999).
As the show was entering its fifth season, Danny Tamberelli succeeded Denberg in the "Vital Information" sketch, and Tamberelli was given a new set and a new desk unlike that of Denberg's "Vital Information". This season also brought in two new faces, Nick Cannon and Mark Saul.
Cannon's sketches and characters included Sweaty Spice from the Spice Boys; Latanya, a cashier at the convenience store Quick-N-Fast; and a bank robber in a superhero sketch called "Boring Man". Saul's sketches and characters included Stuart, who would kidnap – and then pose as – a hall monitor, a cashier, a judge, a postman, and even Ashley in an "Ask Ashley" sketch; Rineheart the Dancing Monkey Boy; Nigel Forrester, a spoof of Steve Irwin and Nigel Thornberry; Ricardo, a ladies' man, and Dr. Maybe, a parody of "Dr. No".
"All That" celebrated its star-studded "100th episode" during this season, although it was actually the 85th episode to be produced. This one-hour special was one of the only episodes (other than the 10th anniversary) in the show's history produced live. The actual 100th episode occurred during a Season 6 episode. The Season 5 cast included, in alphabetical order: Amanda Bynes, Leon Frierson, Christy Knowings, Kel Mitchell, Josh Server, Danny Tamberelli, and Kenan Thompson featuring Nick Cannon & Mark Saul.
The 100th episode featured several celebrities: Melissa Joan Hart ("Sabrina, the Teenage Witch" and "Clarissa Explains It All"), Larisa Oleynik ("The Secret World of Alex Mack"), Robert Ri'chard ("Cousin Skeeter"), Stephen Collins ("7th Heaven") as an audience member, and Britney Spears (in a taped video appearance; Spears was originally supposed to perform in person but had to back out due to a knee injury; Lauryn Hill took her place) all made appearances. Former cast member Lori Beth Denberg, wearing her traditional "Vital Information" outfit, made her final appearance on the show to do the sketch. Former cast members Angelique Bates, Katrina Johnson, and Alisa Reyes made brief appearances on the red carpet. The show continued on winning its first KCA for Favorite TV Show in 1999. Plus in 1999, Thompson became the host of Nickelodeon's "Oh Yeah! Cartoons" for the 2nd season.
Season Six and temporary cancellation (2000-2001).
Season 6 began with new cast member Gabriel Iglesias, along with the departure of Kenan Thompson and Kel Mitchell, who proceeded to start production of the final season of their own series "Kenan & Kel". Also on many occasions during season 6, Kevin Kopelow would appear a few times because of co-producing other Nickelodeon shows. Co-executive producer Dan Schneider had left "All That" on season 5 to work on "The Amanda Show". To replace Schneider, Kevin Kopelow and Heath Seifert were promoted to co-executive producers/showrunners for seasons 5 and 6. It is also rumored that cast member Amanda Bynes was supposed to leave "All That" after season 5 to continue working on "The Amanda Show", but she returned for the season. The show went on hiatus after a 14 episode season.
To keep the show running, the producers compiled a series called, "Best of All That", which were episodes featuring the Season 4 cast members: Amanda Bynes, Lori Beth Denberg, Leon Frierson, Christy Knowings, Kel Mitchell, Josh Server, Danny Tamberelli, and Kenan Thompson. After those eight episodes, three more "Best of" episodes were produced, "Peas, Cheese, Bag of Chips" (that had skits featuring food), "Dates, Goats, and Romance" (which shows clips from skits that had goats, dates, love or even all three elements), and "Best of Music" (showing several musical performances from season 6 only).
Eventually, Nickelodeon canceled "All That" for a short time. Josh Server became the longest serving cast member since being an original cast member since the first season in 1994. In the meantime, the show won another KCA in 2000, and went into reruns until 2001. "All That" skipped the 2000–2001 television season during the lead-up to its relaunch.
New era begins (2002–2005).
After the television season hiatus, the new era of "All That" began in 2002 after Dan Schneider agreed with Nickelodeon to bring back All That after The Amanda Show was unexpectedly cancelled in 2002. Nickelodeon has titled the second run of "All That", "The Relaunch Era". This is because at the beginning when Nickelodeon ended the first run, all the old cast members from Season 6 were replaced by a new cast.
Other changes occurred before the start of the season as well. The show got rid of the long-running sketch "Vital Information" which had been featured in every show since the first season. Instead they replaced it with a new sketch called "Know Your Stars", which was featured in almost every episode of this season and onward. The show also got rid of the traditional green room, where the cast would hang out. In this season, the cast would be featured walking around the studio instead of being in one area. Another change was the absence of Kevin Kopelow. A long-running gag in the first six seasons was Kevin The Stage Manager, who was usually hurt in some way. Instead he was replaced with Pickle Boy, a random person who would usually be seen offering people pickles. Pickle Boy would also be seen at the end of the episode with the celebrity guest. The celebrity guest usually dislikes the pickles and sometimes even assaults Pickle Boy because how bad the pickles tasted having Pickle Boy walking around with pickles that could have gone bad.
Now, the new openings are: The theme opening "(with audience as sound fx)", cast members in alphabetical order, Special Guest (if necessary), musical guest, and ending groups.
Season Seven – (2002).
The first episode of the "new" "All That" featured special guests Frankie Muniz and Aaron Carter and aired from January 19, 2002 to May 4, 2002. The seventh season and ongoing season theme openings/outro themes were slightly remixed to fit the relaunch. In this particular episode, Muniz was seen running around the streets grabbing random people to be the new cast members. It also doesn't have an announcer saying "fresh out of the box, stop, look and watch, ready yet, get set, it's "All That"." Also on every beginning of an episode, you don't hear the "All That" instrumental theme.
Season 7 kicked off with cast members Chelsea Brummet, Jack DeSena, Lisa Foiles, Bryan Hearne, Shane Lyons, Giovonnie Samuels, and Kyle Sullivan. At the beginning when the cast headed off to do the show, the audience was not shown anymore and it went right to the beginning credits.
Weekly guest stars.
In conjunction with the seventh season, "All That" brought in weekly special guest stars who helped open the show and participated in some of the sketches. "All That" during the era prior to the relaunch had some guest stars including Dr. Joyce Brothers in one segment of "Ask Ashley", John Leguizamo in character from the movie "The Pest", and Sherman Hemsley in a cold open, and again in a "Good Burger" sketch.
Among the guest stars who appeared during this period were former cast members Kenan Thompson, Amanda Bynes, (Season 7) and Nick Cannon (Seasons 8 and 9). Unlike most of the other guest stars this season, Thompson appeared in almost every sketch of his guest appearance – reprising popular characters Principal Pimpell in a "Harry Bladder" sketch, lunch lady Miss Piddlin in a "Sugar & Coffee" sketch and "Superdude". Bynes appeared as her "Amanda Show" character, Penelope Taynt in a cold open and a "Sugar & Coffee" sketch and also appeared as herself in that same skit, appeared as herself in a "Know Your Stars" skit and reprises Ashley in a blooper "from the late-Nineties."
Other special guest stars included, in no particular order: Melissa Joan Hart, Frankie Muniz, Tony Hawk, David Arquette, Britney Spears, Aaron Carter, Will Friedle, Christina Vidal, Matthew Lillard, Ray Romano, Alexa Vega and Daryl Sabara ("Spy Kids"), Nick Carter, Justin Timberlake, Buddy Hackett, Barry Watson, Jennifer Love Hewitt, P. Diddy, Tom Green and Brittany Snow ("American Dreams") Some viewers did not appreciate the intensified emphasis on special guest stars since "All That" (unlike the 90 minute long "Saturday Night Live" or even the 60 minute long "MADtv") was only a 30 minute program (including commercials).
Season Eight – (2002–2003).
Joining the cast in Season 8 was Jamie Lynn Spears, who was previously better known for being the younger sister of pop star, Britney Spears. Season 8 marked the beginning of "All That" cast members started attempting dares on the SNICK program: "Snick On-Air Dare". Occasionally, On Air Dares had special guests from other shows.
Before Season 8 ended, Nickelodeon advertised a competition called "". After this contest ended in 2003, the finals aired on July 26, 2003. The contest picked five finalists, and all of them performed a sketch with some of the cast members. The winner was Christina Kirkman, and the runner up was Ryan Coleman. Kirkman became a regular cast member from that point.
Season Nine – (2003–2004).
In Season 9, Christina Kirkman earned her spot on "All That" by winning the "R U All That" contest. Ryan Coleman, who was the runner-up, soon also got a part on the show midway into Season 9 to replace Bryan Hearne, who left at the end of Season 8. During this season and Season 10, the cast attempted to resurrect some of the classic sketches, like "Good Burger" (with Ryan Coleman as Ed), and "Vital Information" (with Lil' JJ as the anchor). The cast of Season 9 continued to do On-Air Dares.
This was the final season for Shane Lyons, Giovonnie Samuels, and Jamie Lynn Spears (Giovonnie had gotten bigger roles in movies and Jamie Lynn getting her own show). In 2004, "All That" won another KCA for Favorite TV Show at the 2004 Kids' Choice Awards. After the last episode aired in Season 9, Nickelodeon put the show on a short hiatus for the Fall of 2004. The show then returned when the 10th Anniversary ended. Also in this season, weekly guests no longer appeared, only musical guests. This format continued until the cancellation.
10th Anniversary (2005).
In 2005, Nickelodeon celebrated the 10th anniversary of "All That" by airing episodes from the first six seasons in the week leading up to a "reunion special" hosted by Frankie Muniz on April 23. Ashanti and Bow Wow were the musical guests.
Kenan Thompson, Kel Mitchell, Josh Server, and Danny Tamberelli reunited on the show. In addition, Nick Cannon appeared on the special but only via satellite in a Repairman sketch. Other cast members attended but had no speaking parts (namely: Katrina Johnson, Alisa Reyes, Leon Frierson, Mark Saul, Angelique Bates, Christy Knowings, and Giovonnie Samuels). Amanda Bynes, Lori Beth Denberg, Bryan Hearne, Gabriel Iglesias, and Shane Lyons did not appear. Iglesias was left out of the opening intro also.
Approximately 6.2 million total viewers watched the special on both its April 23 and 24 airings, making it the top cable or broadcast program for the 2–11, 6–11, and 9–14 age demographics, and TV.com gave it a rating of 8.7/10.
The last segment of this episode paid tribute to the ending soundclip of the original seasons. As the room for the 10 year anniversary party was empty, Kenan and Kel stood sleeping in the costumes of their roles as Mavis & Clavis. Kenan wakes up and says "Hey, Clavis!, wake up, the show's over," and Kel responds with his signature, "Ah yeah, kick it". They then turn and slowly walk away as the screen fades to black in a dramatic yet subtle ending to the 10 year tribute.
Return of "Vital Information".
After a four season hiatus, "All That" decided to bring back the "Vital Information" segment with BET's "Coming to the Stage" winner Lil' JJ succeeding Lori Beth Denberg and Danny Tamberelli, respectively. Lil' JJ's very first "Vital Information" occurred during the "10th Anniversary Reunion Special".
Season Ten – The Final Season (2005).
The tenth (and what turned out to be the final) season of "All That" began after the 10th anniversary, with Kianna Underwood and Denzel Whitaker as the two new cast members that were added after the departure of Shane Lyons, Giovonnie Samuels, and Jamie Lynn Spears (who left to work on "Zoey 101"). They joined the returning cast Jack DeSena, Lisa Foiles, Chelsea Brummet, Kyle Sullivan, Christina Kirkman, and Ryan Coleman. Also, Lil' JJ was part of the cast this season as a featured player doing "Vital Information".
Some of the relaunch sketches to be discontinued, including: Stacey Chit, Advice From the Old Lady in Shane's Mouth, The Old Lady Show, Bloopers, Harry Bladder, Connect The Zits and the Crazy Taxi Driver.
The 10th season was slated for 14 episodes (2 episodes aired only in Australia) until the cancellation. At the start of this season, they used urban musical guests again. Cast member Jack DeSena, meant to leave after Season 9 to continue to work on "", remained on the show.
Season 10 ended on October 22, 2005, with the show reaching 178 episodes.
Cancellation (2005).
According to Lisa Foiles on her Official Yahoo! Group, the rumors of the impending cancellation of "All That" were in fact, true. This was the message posted on Lisa's club by Lisa Foiles herself (as of September 5, 2005):
Media franchise.
"All That: The Album".
On November 26, 1996, Nickelodeon, Columbia Records and Interscope Records released a compilation album from "All That" on CD and cassette, titled: "". It contains "All That" dialogues from the show, and songs sung by musical guests (i.e. Faith Evans, Coolio, Brandy, Naughty By Nature, etc.). "All That"s theme opening and outro, performed by TLC, with rap verses from "Annie" star Aileen Quinn, were finally released on this CD. Music from the CD is mainly inspired from the show.
"All That: Fresh out the Box".
On October 1, 1998, Nickelodeon released a 112-page book of "All That" called "" by Steve Holland. The book contains information of the show's sketches, cast members and notable points of the show. It also contains different character information as well.
Live Tour.
On June 30, 2000, Nickelodeon gave "All That" a promotional summer tour titled "All That Music and More Festival", which traveled all over the United States and was hosted by the cast of "All That". The tour began after Season 6 and lasted until September 3 of 2000. The tour mainly featured the cast members of "All That" and a musical guest. Many of the musical guests joined and performed during the tour. Also while the tour went on, the cast members did numerous live sketches. There was also a ticket contest the year before the festival began. On July 29, 2000, Nickelodeon broadcast the highlights and events that happened during the entire festival.
iTunes.
On August 15, 2011, the iTunes Store released "All That: Volume 1" with the first seven episodes from season two. On November 29, 2011, the "iTunes Store" released "All That: Volume 2" with seven more episodes from season two. "All That: Volume 3" was released in 2012 with seven episodes from season two. Just like "The '90s Are All That" airings, the musical guest performances are omitted and the end credits are re-done as generic white text on black. "All That Volume 4" with episodes from the start of season 3 was released on iTunes August 13, 2012, however episodes 40 and 43 are excluded for unknown reasons with episodes 45 and 46 included instead.
On June 24, 2013, the iTunes Store released "All That: Retro Essentials" with four episodes from season two. The episodes are 217, 220, 228, 237. Episodes 217, 220 and 228 were re-released with the musical guest performances. Episode 237 has the musical guest edited out.
Reruns/Syndication.
"All That" ran on Nickelodeon from 1994 until 2005 (its entire original run). "All That" aired on Nick at Nite on Mondays thru Thursdays at 8:00pm from June 25, 2012, until July 12, 2012, alongside Kenan & Kel at 8:30pm. The Nick@Nite airings, had the musical performances edited out. "All That" ran in reruns on TeenNick from March 12, 2008, to September 15, 2008.
"All That" once again aired on TeenNick from July 25, 2011, to December 27, 2012, as part of "The '90s Are All That" (a block that is named after the show). The show returned to TeenNick on The '90s Are All That, and has aired since March 4, 2013. The '90s Are All That airings, however, also have the musical guest performances removed, along with their introduction sketches, presumably for time and the high cost of obtaining music distribution rights. The block initially only aired episodes from seasons 2 and 3, later adding seasons 4 and 5 into the rotation. The reruns on TeenNick in 2008 however, aired the Season 3 through 5 uncut and retained the musical guest performances, with the exception of the K-Ci & JoJo episode. The final rotation of these reruns included Seasons 6 and 7.
In a rare tribute to "All That", Kenan Thompson complains in "iParty with Victorious" (a crossover between "iCarly and Victorious") that everyone wants to borrow money from him, including half of the original cast of "All That". Tori Vega (portrayed by Victoria Justice) comments that she used to love that show.
On November 4, 2012, "All That" returned to Nickelodeon with two episodes at 6:30pm and 7:00pm, and the musical performances edited out.

</doc>
<doc id="18956135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956135" title="Saint John's Methodist Episcopal Church (Kingman, Arizona)">
Saint John's Methodist Episcopal Church (Kingman, Arizona)

Saint John’s Methodist Episcopal Church is at the corner of Spring and Fifth Streets in Kingman, Arizona. The church was built in 1917. The church is of the Classical Revival style. This is the second church for St. John’s. Construction started on February 28, 1917. The first church service was on May 8, 1889. On March 29, 1939, Clark Gable and Carole Lombard were married here. The church is on the National Register of Historic Places and the number is 86001170.

</doc>
<doc id="18956166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956166" title="Stereotype">
Stereotype

A stereotype is a thought that may be adopted about specific types of individuals or certain ways of doing things. These thoughts or beliefs may or may not accurately reflect reality. However, this is only a fundamental psychological definition of a stereotype. Within psychology and spanning across other disciplines, there are different conceptualizations and theories of stereotyping that provide their own expanded definition. Some of these definitions share commonalities, though each one may also harbor unique aspects that may contradict the others.
Etymology.
The term "stereotype" derives from the Greek words στερεός ("stereos"), "firm, solid" and τύπος ("typos"), "impression," hence "solid impression".
The term comes from the printing trade and was first adopted in 1798 by Firmin Didot to describe a printing plate that duplicated any typography. The duplicate printing plate, or the stereotype, is used for printing instead of the original.
Outside of printing, the first reference to "stereotype" was in 1850, as a noun that meant "image perpetuated without change." However, it was not until 1922 that "stereotype" was first used in the modern psychological sense by American journalist Walter Lippmann in his work "Public Opinion".
Relationship with other types of intergroup attitudes.
Stereotypes, prejudice, and discrimination are understood as related but different concepts. Stereotypes are regarded as the most cognitive component and often occurs without conscious awareness, whereas prejudice is the affective component of stereotyping and discrimination is the behavioral component of prejudicial reactions. In this tripartite view of intergroup attitudes, stereotypes reflect expectations and beliefs about the characteristics of members of groups perceived as different from one's own, prejudice represents the emotional response, and discrimination refers to actions.
Although related, the three concepts can exist independently of each other. According to Daniel Katz and Kenneth Braly, stereotyping leads to racial prejudice when people emotionally react to the name of a group, ascribe characteristics to members of that group, and then evaluate those characteristics.
Possible prejudicial effects of stereotypes are:
Content.
Stereotype content refers to the attributes that people think characterize a group. Studies of stereotype content examine what people think of others, rather than the reasons and mechanisms involved in stereotyping.
Early theories of stereotype content proposed by social psychologists such as Gordon Allport assumed that stereotypes of outgroups reflected uniform antipathy. For instance, Katz and Braly argued in their classic 1933 study that ethnic stereotypes were uniformly negative.
By contrast, a newer model of stereotype content theorizes that stereotypes are frequently ambivalent and vary along two dimensions: warmth and competence. Warmth and competence are respectively predicted by lack of competition and status. Groups that do not compete with the in-group for the same resources (e.g., college space) are perceived as warm, whereas high-status (e.g., economically or educationally successful) groups are considered competent. The groups within each of the four combinations of high and low levels of warmth and competence elicit distinct emotions. The model explains the phenomenon that some out-groups are admired but disliked, whereas others are liked but disrespected. This model was empirically tested on a variety of national and international samples and was found to reliably predict stereotype content.
Functions.
Early studies suggested that stereotypes were only used by rigid, repressed, and authoritarian people. This idea has been refuted by contemporary studies that suggest the ubiquity of stereotypes and it was suggested to regard stereotypes as collective group beliefs, meaning that people who belong to the same social group share the same set of stereotypes. Modern research asserts that full understanding of stereotypes requires considering them from two complementary perspectives: as shared within a particular culture/subculture and as formed in the mind of an individual person. 
Relationship between cognitive and social functions.
Stereotyping can serve cognitive functions on an interpersonal level, and social functions on an intergroup level. For stereotyping to function on an intergroup level (see social identity approaches: social identity theory and self-categorization theory), an individual must see themselves as part of a group and being part of that group must also be salient for the individual.
Craig McGarty, Russell Spears, and Vincent Y. Yzerbyt (2002) argued that the cognitive functions of stereotyping are best understood in relation to its social functions, and vice versa.
Cognitive functions.
Stereotypes can help make sense of the world. They are a form of categorization that helps to simplify and systematize information. Thus, information is more easily identified, recalled, predicted, and reacted to. Stereotypes are categories of objects or people. Between stereotypes, objects or people are as different from each other as possible. Within stereotypes, objects or people are as similar to each other as possible.
Gordon Allport has suggested possible answers to why people find it easier to understand categorized information. First, people can consult a category to identify response patterns. Second, categorized information is more specific than non-categorized information, as categorization accentuates properties that are shared by all members of a group. Third, people can readily describe object in a category because objects in the same category have distinct characteristics. Finally, people can take for granted the characteristics of a particular category because the category itself may be an arbitrary grouping.
A complementary perspective theorizes how stereotypes function as time- and energy-savers that allow people to act more efficiently. Yet another perspective suggests that stereotypes are people's biased perceptions of their social contexts. In this view, people use stereotypes as shortcuts to make sense of their social contexts, and this makes a person's task of understanding his or her world less cognitively demanding.
Social functions: social categorization.
In the following situations, the overarching purpose of stereotyping is for people to put their collective self (their ingroup membership) in a positive light:
Explanation purposes.
As mentioned previously, stereotypes can be used to explain social events. Henri Tajfel described his observations of how some people found that the anti-Semitic contents of The Protocols of the Elders of Zion only made sense if Jews have certain characteristics. Therefore, according to Tajfel, Jews were stereotyped as being evil and yearning for world domination to match the anti-Semitic ‘facts’ as presented in The Protocols of the Elders of Zion.
Justification purposes.
People create stereotypes of an outgroup to justify the actions that their ingroup has committed (or plans to commit) towards that outgroup. For example, according to Tajfel, Europeans stereotyped Turkish, Indian, and Chinese people as being incapable of achieving financial advances without European help. This stereotype was used to justify European colonialism in Turkey, India, and China.
Intergroup differentiation.
An assumption is that people want their ingroup to have a positive image relative to outgroups, and so people want to differentiate their ingroup from relevant outgroups in a desirable way. If an outgroup does not affect the ingroup’s image, then from an image preservation point of view, there is no point for the ingroup to be positively distinct from that outgroup.
People can actively create certain images for relevant outgroups by stereotyping. People do so when they see that their ingroup is no longer as clearly and/or as positively differentiated from relevant outgroups, and they want to restore the intergroup differentiation to a state that favours the ingroup.
Social functions: self categorization.
People will change their stereotype of their ingroups and outgroups to suit the context they are in. People are likely to self-stereotype their ingroup as homogenous in an intergroup context, and they are less likely to do so in an intragroup context where the need to emphasise their group membership is not as great. Stereotypes can emphasise a person’s group membership in two steps: First, stereotypes emphasise the person’s similarities with ingroup members on relevant dimensions, and also the person’s differences from outgroup members on relevant dimensions. Second, the more the stereotypes emphasise within-group similarities and between-group differences, the more salient the person’s social identity will become, and the more depersonalise that person will be. A depersonalised person will abandon his/her individual differences and embrace the stereotypes associated with his/her relevant group membership.
Social functions: social influence and consensus.
Stereotypes are an indicator of ingroup consensus. When there are intragroup disagreement over stereotypes of the ingroup and/or outrgroups, ingroup members will take collective action to prevent other ingroup members from diverging from each other.
John C. Turner proposed in 1987 that if ingroup members disagree on an outgroup stereotype, then one of three possible collective actions will follow: First, ingroup members may negotiate with each other and conclude that they have different outgroup stereotypes because they are stereotyping different subgroups of an outgroup (e.g., Russian gymnasts versus Russian boxers). Second, ingroup members may negotiate with each other, but conclude that they are disagreeing because of categorical differences amongst themselves. Accordingly, in this context, it is better to categorise ingroup members under different categories (e.g., Democrats versus Republican) than under a shared category (e.g., American). Finally, ingroup members may influence each other to arrive at a common outgroup stereotype.
Formation.
Different disciplines give different accounts of how stereotypes develop: Psychologists may focus on an individual's experience with groups, patterns of communication about those groups, and intergroup conflict. As for sociologists, they may focus on the relations among different groups in a social structure. They suggest that stereotypes are the result of conflict, poor parenting, and inadequate mental and emotional development. Once stereotypes have formed, there are two main factors that explain their persistence. First, the cognitive effects of schematic processing (see schema) make it so that when a member of a group behaves as we expect, the behavior confirms and even strengthens existing stereotypes. Second, the affective or emotional aspects of prejudice render logical arguments against stereotypes ineffective in countering the power of emotional responses.
Correspondence bias.
The correspondence bias refers to the tendency to ascribe a person's behavior to her or his disposition or personality and to underestimate the extent to which situational factors elicited the behavior. The correspondence bias can play an important role in stereotype formation.
For example, in a study by Roguer and Yzerbyt (1999) participants watched a video showing students who were randomly instructed to find arguments either for or against euthanasia. The students that argued in favor of euthanasia came from the same law department or from different departments. Results showed that participants attributed the students' responses to their attitudes although it had been made clear in the video that students had no choice about their position. Participants reported that group membership, i.e., the department that the students belonged to, had an impact on the students' opinions about euthanasia. Law students were perceived to be more in favor of euthanasia than students from different departments despite the fact that a pretest had revealed that subjects had no preexisting expectations about attitudes toward euthanasia and the department that students belong to. The attribution error created the new stereotype that law students are more likely to support euthanasia.
Nier et al. (2012) found that people who tend to draw dispositional inferences from behavior and ignore situational constraints are more likely to stereotype low-status groups as incompetent and high-status groups as competent. Participants listened to descriptions of two fictitious groups of Pacific Islanders, one of which was described as being higher in status than the other. In a second study, subjects rated actual groups – the poor and wealthy, women and men – in the United States in terms of their competence. Subjects who scored high on the measure of correspondence bias stereotyped the poor, women, and the fictitious lower-status Pacific Islanders as incompetent whereas they stereotyped the wealthy, men, and the high-status Pacific Islanders as competent. The correspondence bias was a significant predictor of stereotyping even after controlling for other measures that have been linked to beliefs about low status groups, the just-world hypothesis and social dominance orientation.
Illusory correlation.
Research has shown that stereotypes can develop based on a cognitive mechanism known as illusory correlation – an erroneous inference about the relationship between two events. If two events which are statistically infrequent co-occur, observers overestimate the frequency of co-occurrence of these events. The underlying reason is that rare, infrequent events are distinctive and salient and, when paired, become even more so. The heightened salience results in more attention and more effective encoding, which strengthens the belief that the events are correlated.
In the intergroup context, illusory correlations lead people to misattribute rare behaviors or traits at higher rates to minority group members than to majority groups, even when both display the same proportion of the behaviors or traits. Black people, for instance, are a minority group in the United States and interaction with blacks is a relatively infrequent event for an average white American. Similarly, undesirable behavior (e.g. crime) is statistically less frequent than desirable behavior. Since both events "blackness" and "undesirable behavior" are distinctive in the sense that they are infrequent, the combination of the two leads observers to overestimate the rate of co-occurrence. Similarly, in workplaces where women are underrepresented and negative behaviors such as errors occur less frequently than positive behaviors, women become more strongly associated with mistakes than men.
In a landmark study, David Hamilton and Richard Gifford (1976) examined the role of illusory correlation in stereotype formation. Subjects were instructed to read descriptions of behaviors performed by members of groups A and B. Negative behaviors outnumbered positive actions and group B was smaller than group A, making negative behaviors and membership in group B relatively infrequent and distinctive. Participants were then asked who had performed a set of actions: a person of group A or group B. Results showed that subjects overestimated the frequency with which both distinctive events, membership in group B and negative behavior, co-occurred, and evaluated group B more negatively. This despite the fact the proportion of positive to negative behaviors was equivalent for both groups and that there was no actual correlation between group membership and behaviors. Although Hamilton and Gifford found a similar effect for positive behaviors as the infrequent events, a meta-analytic review of studies showed that illusory correlation effects are stronger when the infrequent, distinctive information is negative.
Hamilton and Gifford's distinctiveness-based explanation of stereotype formation was subsequently extended. A 1994 study by McConnell, Sherman, and Hamilton found that people formed stereotypes based on information that was not distinctive at the time of presentation, but was considered distinctive at the time of judgement. Once a person judges non-distinctive information in memory to be distinctive, that information is re-encoded and re-represented as if it had been distinctive when it was first processed.
Common environment.
One explanation for why stereotypes are shared is that they are the result of a common environment that stimulates people to react in the same way.
The problem with the ‘common environment’ explanation in general is that it does not explain how shared stereotypes can occur without direct stimuli. Research since the 1930s suggested that people are highly similar with each other in how they describe different racial and national groups, although those people have no personal experience with the groups they are describing.
Socialisation and upbringing.
Another explanation says that people are socialised to adopt the same stereotypes. Some psychologists believe that although stereotypes can be absorbed at any age, stereotypes are usually acquired in early childhood under the influence of parents, teachers, peers, and the media.
If stereotypes are defined by social values, then stereotypes will only change as per changes in social values. The suggestion that stereotype content depend on social values reflects Walter Lippman argument in his 1922 publication that stereotypes are rigid because they cannot be changed at people’s will.
Studies emerging since the 1940s refuted the suggestion that stereotype contents cannot be changed at people’s will. Those studies suggested that one group’s stereotype of another group will become more or less positive depending on whether their intergroup relationship has improved or degraded. Intergroup events (e.g., World War Two, Persian Gulf conflict) often changed intergroup relationships. For example, after WWII, Black American students held a more negative stereotype of people from countries that were USA’s WWII enemies. If there are no changes to an intergroup relationship, then relevant stereotypes will not change.
Intergroup relations.
According to a third explanation, shared stereotypes are neither caused by the coincidence of common stimuli, nor by socialisation. It explains that stereotypes are shared because group members are motivated to behave in certain ways, and stereotypes reflect those behaviours. It is important to note from this explanation that stereotypes are the consequence, not the cause, of intergroup relations. This explanation assumes that when it is important for people to acknowledge both their ingroup and outgroup, then those people will aim to emphasise their difference from outgroup members, and their similarity to ingroup members.
Activation.
The dual-process model of cognitive processing of stereotypes asserts that automatic activation of stereotypes is followed by a controlled processing stage, during which an individual may choose to disregard or ignore the stereotyped information that has been brought to mind.
A number of studies have found that stereotypes are activated automatically. Patricia Devine (1989), for example, suggested that stereotypes are automatically activated in the presence of a member (or some symbolic equivalent) of a stereotyped group and that the unintentional activation of the stereotype is equally strong for high- and low-prejudice persons. Words related to the cultural stereotype of blacks were presented subliminally. During an ostensibly unrelated impression-formation task, subjects read a paragraph describing a race-unspecified target person's behaviors and rated the target person on several trait scales. Results showed that participants who received a high proportion of racial words rated the target person in the story as significantly more hostile than participants who were presented with a lower proportion of words related to the stereotype. This effect held true for both high- and low-prejudice subjects (as measured by the Modern Racism Scale). Thus, the racial stereotype was activated even for low-prejudice individuals who did not personally endorse it. Studies using alternative priming methods have shown that the activation of gender and age stereotypes can also be automatic.
Subsequent research suggested that the relation between category activation and stereotype activation was more complex. Lepore and Brown (1997), for instance, noted that the words used in Devine's study were both neutral category labels (e.g., "Blacks") and stereotypic attributes (e.g., "lazy"). They argued that if only the neutral category labels were presented, people high and low in prejudice would respond differently. In a design similar to Devine's, Lepore and Brown primed the category of African-Americans using labels such as "blacks" and "West Indians" and then assessed the differential activation of the associated stereotype in the subsequent impression-formation task. They found that high-prejudice participants increased their ratings of the target person on the negative stereotypic dimensions and decreased them on the positive dimension whereas low-prejudice subjects tended in the opposite direction. The results suggest that the level of prejudice and stereotype endorsement affects people's judgements when the category – and not the stereotype per se – is primed.
Research has shown that people can be trained to activate counterstereotypic information and thereby reduce the automatic activation of negative stereotypes. In a study by Kawakami et al. (2000), for example, participants were presented with a category label and taught to respond "No" to stereotypic traits and "Yes" to nonstereotypic traits. After this training period, subjects showed reduced stereotype activation. This effect is based on the learning of new and more positive stereotypes rather than the negation of already existing ones.
Automatic behavioral outcomes.
Empirical evidence suggests that stereotype activation can automatically influence social behavior. For example, Bargh, Chen, and Burrows (1996) activated the stereotype of the elderly among half of their participants by administering a scrambled-sentence test where participants saw words related to age stereotypes. Subjects primed with the stereotype walked significantly slower than the control group (although the test did not include any words specifically referring to slowness), thus acting in a way that the stereotype suggests that elderly people will act. In another experiment, Bargh, Chen, and Burrows also found that because the stereotype about blacks includes the notion of aggression, subliminal exposure to black faces increased the likelihood that randomly selected white college students reacted with more aggression and hostility than participants who subconsciously viewed a white face. Similarly, Correll et al. (2002) showed that activated stereotypes about blacks can influence people's behavior. In a series of experiments, black and white participants played a video game, in which a black or white person was shown holding a gun or a harmless object (e.g., a mobile phone). Participants had to decide as quickly as possible whether to shoot the target. When the target person was armed, both black and white participants were faster in deciding to shoot the target when he was black than when he was white. When the target was unarmed, the participants avoided shooting him more quickly when he was white. Time pressure made the shooter bias even more pronounced.
Accuracy.
Stereotypes can be efficient shortcuts and sense-making tools. They can, however, keep people from processing new or unexpected information about each individual, thus biasing the impression formation process. Early researchers believed that stereotypes were inaccurate representations of reality. A series of pioneering studies which appeared in the 1930s found no empirical support for widely held racial stereotypes. By the mid-1950s, Gordon Allport wrote that "it is possible for a stereotype to grow in defiance of all evidence".
Research on the role of illusory correlations in the formation of stereotypes suggests that stereotypes can develop because of incorrect inferences about the relationship between two events (e.g., membership in a social group and bad or good attributes). This means that at least some stereotypes are inaccurate.
There is empirical social science research which shows that stereotypes are often accurate. Jussim et al. reviewed four studies concerning racial and seven studies which examined gender stereotypes about demographic characteristics, academic achievement, personality and behavior. Based on that, the authors argued that some aspects of ethnic and gender stereotypes are accurate while stereotypes concerning political affiliation and nationality are much less accurate. A study by Terracciano et al. also found that stereotypic beliefs about nationality do not reflect the actual personality traits of people from different cultures.
Effects.
Attributional ambiguity.
Attributional ambiguity refers to the uncertainty that members of stereotyped groups experience in interpreting the causes of others' behavior toward them. Stereotyped individuals who receive negative feedback can attribute it either to personal shortcomings, such as lack of ability or poor effort, or the evaluator's stereotypes and prejudice toward their social group. Alternatively, positive feedback can either be attributed to personal merit or discounted as a form of sympathy or pity.
Crocker et al. (1991) showed that when black participants were evaluated by a white person who was aware of their race, black subjects mistrusted the feedback, attributing negative feedback to the evaluator's stereotypes and positive feedback to the evaluator's desire to appear unbiased. When the black participants race was unknown to the evaluator, they were more accepting of the feedback.
Attributional ambiguity has been shown to impact a person's self-esteem. When they receive positive evaluations, stereotyped individuals are uncertain of whether they really deserved their success and, consequently, they find it difficult to take credit for their achievements. In the case of negative feedback, ambiguity has been shown to have a protective effect on self-esteem as it allows people to assign blame to external causes. Some studies, however, have found that this effect only holds when stereotyped individuals can be absolutely certain that their negative outcomes are due to the evaluators's prejudice. If any room for uncertainty remains, stereotyped individuals tend to blame themselves.
Attributional ambiguity can also make it difficult to assess one's skills because performance-related evaluations are mistrusted or discounted. Moreover, it can lead to the belief that one's efforts are not directly linked to the outcomes, thereby depressing one's motivation to succeed.
Stereotype threat.
Stereotype threat occurs when people are aware of a negative stereotype about their social group and experience anxiety or concern that they might confirm the stereotype. Stereotype threat has been shown to undermine performance in a variety of domains.
Claude M. Steele and Joshua Aronson conducted the first experiments showing that stereotype threat can depress intellectual performance on standardized tests. In one study, they found that black college students performed worse than white students on a verbal test when the task was framed as a measure of intelligence. When it was not presented in that manner, the performance gap narrowed. Subsequent experiments showed that framing the test as diagnostic of intellectual ability made black students more aware of negative stereotypes about their group, which in turn impaired their performance.
Stereotype threat effects have been demonstrated for an array of social groups in many different arenas, including not only academics but also sports, chess and business.
Self-fulfilling prophecy.
Stereotypes lead people to expect certain actions from members of social groups. These stereotype-based expectations may lead to self-fulfilling prophecies, in which one's inaccurate expectations about a person's behavior, through social interaction, prompt that person to act in stereotype-consistent ways, thus confirming one's erroneous expectations and validating the stereotype.
Word, Zanna, and Cooper (1974) demonstrated the effects of stereotypes in the context of a job interview. White participants interviewed black and white subjects who, prior to the experiments, had been trained to act in a standardized manner. Analysis of the videotaped interviews showed that black job applicants were treated differently: They received shorter amounts of interview time and less eye contact; interviewers made more speech errors (e.g., stutters, sentence incompletions, incoherent sounds) and physically distanced themselves from black applicants. In a second experiment, trained interviewers were instructed to treat applicants, all of whom were white, like the whites or blacks had been treated in the first experiment. As a result, applicants treated like the blacks of the first experiment behaved in a more nervous manner and received more negative performance ratings than interviewees receiving the treatment previously afforded to whites.
A 1977 study by Snyder, Tanke, and Berscheid found a similar pattern in social interactions between men and women. Male undergraduate students were asked to talk to female undergraduates, whom they believed to be physically attractive or unattractive, on the phone. The conversations were taped and analysis showed that men who thought that they were talking to an attractive woman communicated in a more positive and friendlier manner than men who believed that they were talking to unattractive women. This altered the women's behavior: Female subjects who, unknowingly to them, were perceived to be physically attractive behaved in a friendly, likeable, and sociable manner in comparison with subjects who were regarded as unattractive.
Discrimination.
Because stereotypes simplify and justify social reality, they have potentially powerful effects on how people perceive and treat one another. As a result, stereotypes can lead to discrimination in labor markets and other domains. For example, Tilcsik (2011) has found that employers who seek job applicants with stereotypically male heterosexual traits are particularly likely to engage in discrimination against gay men, suggesting that discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation is partly rooted in specific stereotypes and that these stereotypes loom large in many labor markets. Agerström and Rooth (2011) showed that automatic obesity stereotypes captured by the Implicit Association Test can predict real hiring discrimination against the obese. Similarly, experiments suggest that gender stereotypes play an important role in judgments that affect hiring decisions.
Self-stereotyping.
Stereotypes can affect self-evaluations and lead to self-stereotyping. For instance, Correll (2001, 2004) found that specific stereotypes (e.g., the stereotype that women have lower mathematical ability) affect women's and men's evaluations of their abilities (e.g., in math and science), such that men assess their own task ability higher than women performing at the same level. Similarly, a study by Sinclair et al. (2006) has shown that Asian American women rated their math ability more favorably when their ethnicity and the relevant stereotype that Asian Americans excel in math was made salient. In contrast, they rated their math ability less favorably when their gender and the corresponding stereotype of women's inferior math skills was made salient. Sinclair et al. found, however, that the effect of stereotypes on self-evaluations is mediated by the degree to which close people in someone's life endorse these stereotypes. People's self-stereotyping can increase or decrease depending on whether close others view them in stereotype-consistent or inconsistent manner.
Stereotyping can also play a central role in depression, when people have negative self-stereotypes about themselves, according to Cox, Abramson, Devine, and Hollon (2012). This depression that is caused by prejudice (i.e., "deprejudice") can be related to a group membership (e.g., Me–Gay–Bad) or not (e.g., Me–Bad). If someone holds prejudicial beliefs about a stigmatized group and then becomes a member of that group, they may internalize their prejudice and develop depression. People may also show prejudice internalization through self-stereotyping because of negative childhood experiences such as verbal and physical abuse.
Role in art and culture.
Stereotypes are common in various cultural media, where they take the form of dramatic stock characters. These characters are found in the works of playwright Bertold Brecht, Dario Fo, and Jacques Lecoq, who characterize their actors as stereotypes for theatrical effect. In commedia dell'arte this is similarly common. The instantly recognizable nature of stereotypes mean that they are effective in advertising and situation comedy. These stereotypes change, and in modern times only a few of the stereotyped characters shown in John Bunyan's "The Pilgrim's Progress" would be recognizable.
Media stereotypes of women first emerged in the early 20th century. Various stereotypic depictions or "types" of women appeared in magazines, including Victorian ideals of femininity, the New Woman, the Gibson Girl, the Femme fatale, and the Flapper. More recently, artists such as Anne Taintor and Matthew Weiner (the producer of "Mad Men") have used vintage images or ideas to insert their own commentary of stereotypes for specific eras. Weiner's character Peggy Olson continually battles gender stereotypes throughout the series, excelling in a workplace dominated by men.
Some contemporary studies indicate that racial, ethnic and cultural stereotypes are still widespread in Hollywood blockbuster movies. Portrayals of Latin Americans in film and print media are restricted to a narrow set of characters. Latin Americans are largely depicted as sexualized figures such as the Latino macho or the Latina vixen, gang members, (illegal) immigrants, or entertainers. By comparison, they are rarely portrayed as working professionals, business leaders or politicians.
In literature and art, stereotypes are clichéd or predictable characters or situations. Throughout history, storytellers have drawn from stereotypical characters and situations, in order to connect the audience with new tales immediately. Sometimes such stereotypes can be sophisticated, such as Shakespeare's Shylock in "The Merchant of Venice". Arguably a stereotype that becomes complex and sophisticated ceases to be a stereotype "per se" by its unique characterization. Thus while Shylock remains politically unstable in being a stereotypical Jew, the subject of prejudicial derision in Shakespeare's era, his many other detailed features raise him above a simple stereotype and into a unique character, worthy of modern performance. Simply because one feature of a character can be categorized as being typical does not make the entire character a stereotype.
Despite their proximity in etymological roots, cliché and stereotype are not used synonymously in cultural spheres. For example a cliché is a high criticism in narratology where genre and categorization automatically associates a story within its recognizable group. Labeling a situation or character in a story as "typical" suggests it is fitting for its genre or category. Whereas declaring that a storyteller has relied on cliché is to pejoratively observe a simplicity and lack of originality in the tale. To criticize Ian Fleming for a "stereotypically" unlikely escape for James Bond would be understood by the reader or listener, but it would be more appropriately criticized as a cliché in that it is overused and reproduced. Narrative genre relies heavily on "typical" features to remain recognizable and generate meaning in the reader/viewer.

</doc>
<doc id="18956182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956182" title="Wee Bin &amp; Co.">
Wee Bin &amp; Co.

Wee Bin & Co. chop Hong Guan, in Market Street, a firm that was rapidly becoming prominent in Singapore in the 1860s', was founded by Wee Bin. This firm carried on business as Merchants and Shipowners. The firm at first began business relations with various houses in Bali in the Dutch Indies, and eventually became the greatest importer of products from that port. The firm also traded in all kinds of earthenware, and later on built up a fleet of over twenty vessels for the Chinese and Dutch Indies trade. The firm was later managed by Lim Ho Puah, and Lim Peng Siang, his son-in-law and grandson, respectively, the later of whom acquired the major part of the firm's business interests including its larger steamships when the firm was liquidated in 1911. 
Wee Bin & Co. had a fleet of 20 vessels. The firm were also traders, sago manufacturers and merchant bankers, and had several branches in Netherlands India.

</doc>
<doc id="18956188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956188" title="Serhiy Dolhanskyi">
Serhiy Dolhanskyi

Serhiy Dolhanskyi (born 15 September 1974 in Zdolbuniv, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League. He joined Vorskla from Metalurh Donetsk in February 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18956196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956196" title="Vien">
Vien

Vien may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18956198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956198" title="Peyton Hayslip">
Peyton Hayslip

Peyton Hayslip (born January 7, 1966) is an American actress.
Realizing as a child that she wanted to be an actress, she ultimately received her training as an actress at the Juilliard School in NYC, the Dallas Theater Center, the National Youth Theatre of Great Britain, and privately, from the late Martin Jurow (producer of "Breakfast at Tiffany's" and "The Pink Panther"). While she has enjoyed performances regionally, Peyton has been especially active in the Austin and Dallas, Texas radio, television, film and theater communities. She has enjoyed roles in numerous films (studio and independent), documentaries, TV programs, anime, and print projects including, most recently, the Austin School of Film production "Picturebook", Gabriel Folse's "Guilty", Asif Kapadia's "The Return", and Jonathan Levine's "All the Boys Love Mandy Lane". Hayslip has been lauded as one of the Top 40 Actors in Austin ("Austin Chronicle") and is represented by Acclaim Talent.
For more than a decade and a half, Peyton has also been a director, assistant director, and producer on numerous productions regionally. She is the co-founder of thistlemouse productions which produces plays and performances for children and families. These productions have been seen by tens of thousands of school children all across Texas.
A seventh-generation Texan, Hayslip wrote and starred in the one-woman show "Kate James: Portrait of a Texas Pioneer". Based on the diaries of her great-great-great grandmother, Kate James, Hayslip humorously and informatively reveals life on the frontier as a settler in Texas in 1855. This touring production allows Texas history to come alive as audiences experience a time when dinner was grown or trapped, clothes made from scratch, a 12-mile trip took all day, and the nation fought a horrendous Civil War. The production has proven perfect for Texas History studies, for museums as a slice of living history, and for women's studies as it addresses the role of women during a pivotal time in our country's history, 1851-1931.
In 2007, Hayslip was honored to be nominated as one of the 10 International Outstanding Women in Film and Music by the Myspace Association of Outstanding Women in Film and Music.
Hayslip lives in Dallas, Texas, with her daughters, Kitty Stuart and Tiger Darrow.

</doc>
<doc id="18956204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956204" title="Snoopy">
Snoopy

Snoopy is a cartoon dog in the long-running comic strip "Peanuts", by Charles M. Schulz. He is Charlie Brown's pet dog. Snoopy began his life in the strip as a fairly conventional dog, but eventually evolved into perhaps the strip's most dynamic character—and among the most recognizable comic characters in the world. The original drawings of Snoopy were "greatly patterned" after Spike, one of Schulz's childhood dogs. born August 28 1950
Character.
Snoopy, whose fictional birthday has been established as October 2, made his first appearance in the strip of October 4, 1950, two days after the strip premiered. He was first identified by name on November 10. Schulz was originally going to call him "Sniffy" (as described in the 25th anniversary book), until he discovered that name was used in a different comic strip. He changed it to "Snoopy" after remembering that his late mother Dena Schulz had commented that if their family were ever to acquire a third dog, it should be called Snoopy, an affectionate term in Norwegian (the actual term is "Snuppe"). There is an earlier reference to Snoopy's birthday which places the date as August 28 rather than August 10th; it can be seen in a cartoon strip dated August 28, 1951 where Charlie Brown and Violet are singing Happy Birthday to Snoopy and presenting him with a cake (The Complete Peanuts 1950-1954).
In earlier strips it is not clear to whom Snoopy belongs. For instance, in the February 2, 1951, strip, Charlie Brown accuses Snoopy of following him, only to be told by Patty that Snoopy isn't following Charlie Brown, but merely lives in the same direction. Indeed many early strips show Snoopy interacting with Shermy (who is shown in one early strip running with Snoopy on his leash) and Patty without Charlie Brown, making Snoopy appear to belong to all of the neighborhood kids, similar to the dog Pete in the Our Gang comedies, who is everyone's dog. (Note: in days of yore, it was common for dogs to roam their local area and congregate with local children, and then return to their respective homes.) Later, Charlie Brown states that his parents bought Snoopy for him at the Daisy Hill Puppy Farm, after another boy had dumped sand on him while playing in a sandbox.
Snoopy was a silent character for the first two years of his existence, but on May 27, 1952, he verbalized his thoughts to readers for the first time in a thought balloon; Schulz would utilize this device for nearly all of the character's appearances in the strip thereafter. At first, Snoopy acted as a normal dog, and would only think in simple one-word phrases (such as "FOOD!"), but then became more articulate.
In addition to Snoopy's ability to "speak" his thoughts to the reader, many of the human characters in "Peanuts" have the uncanny knack of reading his thoughts and responding to them. In the animated "Peanuts" films and television specials, Snoopy's thoughts are not verbalized; his moods are instead conveyed through growls, sobs, laughter, and monosyllabic utterances such as "bleah," "hey," etc. as well as through pantomime. Unlike a regular dog, other characters treat him intelligently by taking directions from him, incorporating him into the local baseball team, and so on despite his inability to speak (this anthropomorphic tendency increased as time went on).
The only exceptions are in the animated adaptations of "You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown" and "Snoopy!!! The Musical", in which Snoopy's thoughts are verbalized through voice overs (by Robert Towers and Cam Clarke, respectively). Animation producer Bill Meléndez voiced both Snoopy and (eventually) Woodstock in numerous television specials from 1965 to 2006. In Peanuts Motion Comics, Snoopy's thoughts appear onscreen as text in thought bubbles, without voice.
Oddly enough, the first time a beagle was mentioned in the strip (December 5, 1960), Snoopy denied being one. As Snoopy dozed, Charlie Brown paraphrased Gertrude Stein: "Beagles on the grass, alas." To this, Snoopy replied, "I ain't no stupid beagle!" (Years later, Snoopy would paraphrase the Stein expression himself: "Pigeons on the grass, alas; Dogs on the ground, abound." (June 25, 1982)
As the series progressed, Snoopy became a more human-like dog. His character is that of a dog who pretends to be a person (or who sometimes forgets he is a dog). In one "Peanuts" strip, Sally had to do a report on animals for school, and requested Snoopy's help. But Snoopy was reluctant. "How can I help?" he thought. "I don't "know" any animals."
Many of "Peanuts"' memorable moments come in Snoopy's efforts as a novelist: his eternal opener on the typewriter "It was a dark and stormy night..." is taken from Edward George Bulwer-Lytton's 1830 novel "Paul Clifford". Almost all his submissions are rejected by potential publishers, whose return letters get increasingly angrier until they eventually resort to rude dismissals and cruel jokes to attempt to prevent being bothered by Snoopy. The contrast between Snoopy's existence in a dream world and Charlie Brown's in the real world is central to the humour and philosophy of "Peanuts" (e.g., the Peanuts book title "Life's a Dream, Charlie Brown"). "It Was A Dark And Stormy Night" remains his most successful work.
Schulz summed up Snoopy's character in a 1997 interview: "He has to retreat into his fanciful world in order to survive. Otherwise, he leads kind of a dull, miserable life. I don't envy dogs the lives they have to live."
Schulz once said that the best idea he ever had in the strip was to move Snoopy from inside his doghouse to the rooftop. Preceding that, there was a gradual evolution of the character, from something like an actual dog to an anthropomorphic character, more like typical cartoon animals. He also thought that this would give a better image to children to use more of their imagination and characterized it as the Mary Poppins syndrome, by letting people believe that his doghouse could be anything he wanted it to be.
His earliest impersonation was of a bird on August 9, 1951. Later (starting November 17, 1956), Snoopy engaged in dead-on imitations of Violet, a pelican, Lucy, a moose, Beethoven and Mickey Mouse (to which Charlie Brown responded, "Frightening, isn't it?"). He would also pretend to be other animals, including a snake, rhinoceros, lion, and vulture. But his eccentricities did not stop there.
On June 28, 1957, Snoopy walked on his two hind legs like a human, for the first time. This soon became so commonplace as to be almost unnoticeable, as Snoopy developed a variety of Walter Mitty-esque alter egos (often beginning "Here's the world-famous of occupation"). Snoopy's transformation to walking to two feet also was accompanied by his larger snout and great body length. Furthermore, Snoopy takes his fantasies so seriously that he plays out even unpleasant elements of them such as taking lengthy penalties in hockey games or facing humiliating disciplinary actions for incompetence.
One of Snoopy's most famous alter-egos is as the World War I Flying Ace (first appearance, October 10, 1965), often seen battling his archenemy, Manfred von Richthofen, (the Red Baron). When assuming this personality, Snoopy would don goggles, a flying helmet and a scarf and climb on top of his doghouse, which he claimed was a Sopwith Camel. The Red Baron, like other adult figures in "Peanuts", was never drawn in a strip; his presence was indicated through the bullet holes that would riddle the doghouse, and Snoopy's fist-shaking and cries of "Curse you, Red Baron!" while his "Sopwith Camel" doghouse plummeted to earth trailing smoke. Snoopy's most famous battle with the Red Baron may be the one shown in "It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown", which was the first of several animated encounters between the two. The supposed rivalry even lead to the video game "Snoopy vs. the Red Baron" for the Super Nintendo. Snoopy and the Red Baron's various encounters also became the subject of at least three songs by the group The Royal Guardsmen, including one song that references the two taking part in the Christmas Truce of 1914. In "I Want a Dog for Christmas, Charlie Brown" Charlie Brown's sister Sally Brown jumps on the doghouse and flies with Snoopy.
Snoopy also became "Joe Cool" as he put on sunglasses and leaned against the wall doing nothing. Snoopy has also been a famous writer (who was actually published once, in an October 1995 storyline, in which one copy of his unnamed novel was printed, but it failed to sell); a bow-tie wearing attorney (who once defended Peter Rabbit), a hockey player, an Olympic figure skater (who used to skate with Peggy Fleming before "he" became "big time"); a world famous grocery checkout clerk who operated from the top of his dog house in an apron; the "Lone Beagle" (the first dog to fly solo across the Atlantic – a play on Charles Lindbergh, "The Lone Eagle"); and even the first astronaut to land on the moon. In "It's Flashbeagle, Charlie Brown", Snoopy becomes a Flash dancer named "Flashbeagle".
Outside of his fantasy life, he plays shortstop on Charlie Brown's baseball team; he is the best player, nearly passing Babe Ruth on the career home run list, and an excellent fielder due to his ability to catch fly balls in his mouth. Snoopy is also a "Beagle Scout", the "Peanuts" version of Eagle Scout and is the Scout leader for a troop composed of Woodstock and his other bird friends, such as Bill, Harriet, and Conrad. This Scouting theme reappears throughout the comic strip.
Snoopy is also a tennis player. He does tend to double-fault frequently, which sends him into rage-filled temper tantrums during which he screams and destroys his racket, a la John McEnroe. He has also played in mixed-doubles, usually pairing with the garage door (whose best quality as a player, according to Snoopy, is that "he never foot faults") and later teaming up with the short-tempered, cantankerous Molly Volley.
Snoopy loves root beer and pizza, hates coconut candy, gets claustrophobia in tall weeds, and is deathly afraid of icicles dangling over his doghouse. One of his hobbies is reading Leo Tolstoy's epic novel "War and Peace" at the rate of "a word a day". Snoopy also has the uncanny ability to play fetch with soap bubbles, and can hear someone eating marshmallows or cookies at a distance, or even peeling a banana. Snoopy is also capable of disappearing, like the Cheshire Cat from Alice in Wonderland, as shown in an extended strip, whenever Linus reads the book to him. ("Grins are easy. Noses are hard. Ears are almost impossible."). Two things Snoopy dislikes are listening to balloons being squeezed and cats.
He can also use his ears to fly about as a "whirlydog". Snoopy even became a canine helicopter, with Woodstock piloting. This gag appeared in the strip several times, most famously rescuing Linus from the top of a barn after being commissioned by Sally. When asked by Linus where he learned to pilot, Woodstock replied in his usual apostrophes, which Linus interpreted as meaning "'Nam". The gag also appeared in "It's Your First Kiss, Charlie Brown".
Snoopy "understands a little French." His dog food brand is called "For Dogs who flew in World War I and understand a little French". He later was also depicted as a sergeant in the French Foreign Legion (inspired by the film Beau Geste from 1966), with Woodstock and his avian friends as members of his patrol. He failed his high school geometry course, which was his excuse for not being able to follow a golf course's 90 degree golf cart driving rule.
Snoopy has his own little dance, variously known as The Beagle, the Suppertime Dance, or simply the Happy Snoopy Dance. Most often he dances at suppertime and has broken his foot from being too excited. One strip includes a joke that he has forgotten the steps and another includes the joke that he needs new steps. One time, Charlie Brown gleefully revealed that Snoopy missed his suppertime and did his own song and dance gloating at his dog's mistake while Snoopy looked on in astonishment.
Snoopy is also adept at the accordion, although his repertoire is limited to "polkas, waltzes, and schottisches", the names of which billow from the instrument as he plays.
Snoopy climbed trees at least five times—once to rescue Schroeder's piano, once to rescue Linus's blanket, once to see a "strange creature" in Woodstock's nest which turned out to be an egg, once after Frieda's cat Faron, and once with Charlie Brown, Schroeder, and 5. He fell out of the tree almost every time. (Note: In his "vulture" persona and when visiting Woodstock's nest, Snoopy was depicted in trees many times.)
Every Veterans Day, Snoopy dresses as an army veteran and goes to army cartoonist Bill Mauldin's house to "quaff root beer and tell war stories."
Snoopy has been as much a failure at love with female dogs as his owner Charlie Brown has been at baseball and kite flying. In early 1965, he met a girl beagle at an ice skating rink and fell in love. However, his girlfriend's father forbade marriage between the two; "he could never allow his daughter to marry an obedience school dropout", as Snoopy put it, and so turned to eating to attempt to forget her. It didn't work: "I'll always have a few memories and a fat stomach", he griped. Later that same year he met her again on the beach and tried surfing to impress her, only to wipe out. Charlie Brown told Snoopy he'd been making a fool of himself for nothing; the girl beagle in question had been seen walking on the beach with a golden retriever, which broke his heart all over again. In 1977, he met a female while serving as guard dog for Peppermint Patty, fell in love with her, and gave her a proposal of marriage. But he was crushed on his wedding day when she ran off with the "best beagle", Spike, although when they arrived in Needles, she left Spike for a coyote. ("Snoopy's Getting Married, Charlie Brown" follows this same storyline, except Snoopy's bride-to-be ran off with a golden retriever.) In 1970, he went to the Daisy Hill Puppy Farm (where he'd allegedly taught Sunday school at one point) to give a 4th of July speech. However, as he was about to begin, he was beaned with a supper dish by anti-Vietnam War protesters, and a full-scale riot broke out, during which police used tear gas to control the crowd. In all the confusion, Snoopy ran off the podium and was lost in the crowd. While blinded by tear gas, he felt a girl beagle's paws, but the tear gas prevented him from seeing her. By the time Charlie Brown had tracked her down, the farm informed them that she'd been sold, thus breaking Snoopy's heart again. By this time, Snoopy had regained his vision. "What do you do?" Snoopy woefully asks, and then immediately answers: "Back to eating!" And in the TV special "Life Is a Circus, Charlie Brown", Snoopy met a circus-performing female French poodle named Fifi and fell so hopelessly in love with her, he left Charlie Brown to join the circus as "Hugo the Great". But eventually, he tried to take Fifi with him when he ran away from the circus. Fifi, after considering a while, would have no part of it, feeling that her proper place was the circus. They parted ways, again leaving Snoopy brokenhearted. It is said that Snoopy's only regret was that he was not a Golden Retriever, as his loves usually fall for one. Snoopy frequently falls for Lucy van Pelt, and when he kisses Lucy, she yells in disgust about having been "kissed by a dog" and having "dog germs". However, he has also been seen kissing the other female characters, who are far more accepting of his gestures than Lucy is.
Snoopy also served a short term as the "Head Beagle," the dog apparently in charge of all other dogs in the world. The pressures and responsibilities of the job became too much for him, and he was replaced.
Puppyhood and siblings.
Over the course of the strip's run, it was revealed that Snoopy had been born and raised at the Daisy Hill Puppy Farm. His father used to run with hunting dogs, but would secretly run ahead and warn the rabbits. His mother is famous for her tapioca pudding, and in a 1990s Peanuts strip, came over on a World War I-era troopship to visit Snoopy and Spike, who had been ill with the flu. Out of all his siblings, Snoopy's brother Olaf was sold last. Before they were sold, Snoopy and his brothers and sisters made a country/bluegrass band (Snoopy played acoustic guitar) and one by one each was sold. Snoopy's original owner was a little girl named Lila, who had to return him to Daisy Hill after her family moved to an apartment where dogs were forbidden.
Shortly after his return to the farm, Snoopy was selected by Charlie Brown's parents as a companion for him. In the strip for January 30, 1972, Charlie Brown says that his parents bought Snoopy for him to cheer him up after another child threw sand in his face while they were playing in a sandbox. In the strips for November, 1972, while accompanying Woodstock on his winter migration, Snoopy realizes he is near the Daisy Hill Puppy Farm. He decides to show Woodstock where he was born, only to find that the puppy farm has been replaced by a six-story parking garage, causing Snoopy to wail, "You stupid people! You're parking on my memories!" (November 24, 1972). This is also reflected in the 1991 animated special "Snoopy's Reunion", where Snoopy and his siblings get together at the Daisy Hill Puppy Farm for a picnic, but sadly find out that it was demolished for a parking garage.
Snoopy is usually depicted as having seven siblings, five of whom appear at some point in the strip: Andy, Belle, Marbles, Olaf, and Spike. Most often seen is Spike, who lives in the desert (near the real-life locale of Needles, California). Sharing Snoopy's penchant for a fantasy life, he is friends with saguaro cacti. Spike is very thin, wears a fedora and has long whiskers. (Spike was the name of one of Schulz's childhood pet dogs.)
Andy looks like a disheveled version of Snoopy. Olaf, who wears a fur cap, is round in both body and face. Marbles is the smartest in the group. He has spots on his fur (making him look somewhat like a Dalmatian), wears shoes, and considers some of Snoopy's behavior very odd. Belle, who looks like Snoopy with long eyelashes, is most notable in that there was a Belle stuffed animal available for many years.
Although Snoopy often mentions that he was one of eight puppies, the two other siblings never appeared in the comic strip. According to the animated special "Snoopy's Reunion", they are named Molly and Rover. As mentioned above, they all played in a country/bluegrass band in that special, with Snoopy on the acoustic guitar.
In a 1965 strip, Snoopy set up a "family reunion" and it was stated that he had two brothers (one lived in Washington and the other in Texas) and three sisters (one in St. Louis, one in Hollywood, and the last one in Kansas). After the reunion, Snoopy was apparently disappointed, for immediately after arriving home he stated, "The anticipation far exceeded the actual event."
Many years before his siblings appeared, Snoopy referred to himself as an "only dog" who had no brothers or sisters.
Like Snoopy, his siblings' thoughts are communicated via thought balloon.
Owner.
Lila was first mentioned in the strip in the 1960s. It was revealed that she had taken Snoopy home from the Daisy Hill Puppy Farm (where he was born and raised), but was forced to return him after her family moved to an apartment building where dogs were forbidden. While she was initially an unseen character who was only recollected by Snoopy in the third person, she eventually made an appearance in the strip in 1968.
In 1972 Lila appeared in the animated film "Snoopy, Come Home", voiced by Johanna Baer. Seriously ill, she is unexpectedly reunited with Snoopy when he comes to visit her at a hospital in Nebraska, and now that she is recovering and will be released very soon, asks him to return to her (forcing him to choose between his "old" life with Lila or his "new" one with Charlie Brown). Snoopy initially leaves the hospital, but finally, out of love for Lila, Snoopy chooses to return to her. She tells him that he should go back and sell his belongings and say goodbye to his old friends, before going back to her. He ends up writing a will instead and goes back to Lila. At the same time, he also is heartbroken over leaving Charlie Brown. However, in an ironic twist when Snoopy arrives at Lila's new apartment, Snoopy finds out (to his surprise) that not only does Lila happen to have a pet cat, dogs aren't permitted in her apartment building either (which explains why her family had to return him). Snoopy bids Lila farewell and returns to Charlie Brown. Lila later appeared again in "Snoopy's Reunion".
Despite his history of conflicted loyalties and his occasionally disdainful attitude toward Charlie Brown (he can never remember Charlie Brown's name and thinks of him as "that round-headed kid"), Snoopy has shown himself steadfastly loyal to his current owner. He joined Charlie Brown in walking out of a game of Ha-Ha Herman when Peppermint Patty crudely insulted Charlie Brown (though she was unaware that Charlie Brown was within earshot). He also helped Charlie Brown recover his autographed baseball when a bully had taken it and was challenging Charlie Brown to fight him for it. In "He's a Bully, Charlie Brown", he teaches Charlie Brown to play marbles so Charlie Brown can win back the marbles Rerun lost to a bully at camp, Joe Agate, who cheated him. When Charlie Brown has to stop dedicating himself to making Snoopy happy, Snoopy replies, "Don't worry about it. I was already happy."
Doghouse.
In the early years of the strip, Snoopy's doghouse was typically seen from the front or front plus one side, with the standard arched doorway of a doghouse, and Snoopy's name arched over the door. Snoopy would sleep in the doorway.
On December 12, 1958, Snoopy slept on top of his doghouse, rather than inside it, for the first time. Thereafter, Snoopy was seldom seen to venture inside the doghouse, except to retrieve something, instead spending the bulk of his time sitting or lying on its gable roof. One strip ascribed Snoopy's ability to sleep there to his ears, which—like the feet of a perching bird – "lock" him to the top so that he doesn't fall. How his typewriter balances there (let alone other neighbourhood kids) is never explained.
At this point, the side view of the doghouse became standard in the strip, which allowed the imagination of Schulz (and Snoopy) to expand this dwelling beyond the limits of a normal doghouse.
Despite Snoopy's tendency to stay outside in all weather (in some cases even allowing snow to accumulate on his supine body, or wearing a snorkel when it rains), a running gag established that the interior of Snoopy's doghouse was something extraordinary. It defied physics, being dramatically larger on the inside than the outside, much like the TARDIS on Doctor Who. Snoopy's doghouse had a carpeted foyer, a den, a library, a guest room, a stairway, a basement, a television, a bed (although he sleeps on the roof), a pool table, and an original Van Gogh. The first indication of the doghouse's unique layout occurred on January 31, 1954, when Charlie Brown was puzzled to see all his neighborhood friends crawling into it for a visit. The doghouse was destroyed several times over the years, being hit by a tree due to a chase over Linus's blanket (July 26, 1959), crushed by a large icicle (February 13, 1960), and finally burned to the ground (September 19, 1966; At the beginning of that year a fire damaged Schulz's studio). The doghouse also suffered damage from the particularly violent cat next door, World War II, who would swipe off a large portion of the doghouse, leaving a frightened Snoopy standing on the remaining strip on one foot ("The Charlie Brown and Snoopy Show"). In each case the doghouse was soon rebuilt. Although individual items were lost in the fire, each replacement doghouse appears to have retained the spaciousness and opulence of its predecessor.
The interior was decorated with several pricey acquisitions including a painting by Van Gogh, first mentioned on February 29, 1964. After the fire destroyed the Van Gogh, it was replaced by an Andrew Wyeth. At various times the interior of Snoopy's doghouse also held a table tennis table, a mural (painted by Linus), a shower, a cedar closet, a grandfather clock, and a whirlpool bath.
Features established in the television specials include a fine kitchen ("A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving"), and sound equipment ("A Boy Named Charlie Brown"). In "It's Magic, Charlie Brown", Snoopy enters his dog house and the underground interior is depicted as spacious and well equipped for anything he needs.
The doghouse also serves as a prop for Snoopy, often imagined as a World War I "Sopwith Camel" fighter plane in Snoopy's battles with the Red Baron. During these aerial fights, Snoopy's house often suffers from bullet holes and occasionally crashes. However, this seems to take place solely in Snoopy's imagination, as the house is in perfect shape later. Once, the doghouse serves as a commercial airline, with Snoopy as the pilot. Marcie serves as a stewardess when Schroeder goes to piano camp.

</doc>
<doc id="18956222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956222" title="Arthur F. Black House">
Arthur F. Black House

Arthur F. Black House, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, was built in 1925 and located in Kingman, Arizona.
The Arthur F. Black House is at 707 Cerbat Avenue, Kingman, Arizona. The house was built in 1919 & second floor added in 1933. The house is in the style of Spanish Colonial Revival. Cecil E. Chilton was the first contractor and Mr. Black did the building of the second floor. The house has a native stone wall and an open veranda and balcony. The lumber for the 1933 addition came from an original high school gym.
Mr. Black was the mining foreman at the Golconda Mine for about 4 years, a railroad engineer for 3 years, and partner in Kingman Motor Co. (Ford Dealership). He started the Boulder Dam Line, Kingman to Las Vegas line and adding to Phoenix; it handled passengers and freight. He is known as the Father of U. S. Route 93 and helped in creating U. S. Route 66 from Old Trails Highway. He also formed the first cab company in Kingman, called Kingman Cab Co. 
National Register of Historic Places.
The house was place on the National Register in 1993. The house is on the National Register of Historic Places and the number is 93001324.

</doc>
<doc id="18956269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956269" title="Wee Boon Teck">
Wee Boon Teck

Wee Boon Teck (born 1850), the only son of Wee Bin materially improved and strengthened the position of the firm of Wee Bin & Co. and died on 22 September 1888 at the comparatively early age of 38. He was on the Committee of Tan Tock Seng Hospital and Po Leung Kuk. He was a man of a kindly and charitable disposition, a notable instance being his gift of $4,000 to the Tan Tock Seng Hospital, which bequest was invested by Government for some twenty years and was then applied towards the cost of building one ward bearing his name in the present Hospital in Moulmein Road. Boon Teck Road is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18956297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956297" title="Marinduque State College">
Marinduque State College

Marinduque State College (MSC) is a public college in the Philippines.
Campus.
MSC consists of one main campus located at Boac, (capital of Marinduque) and three more branches located at Sta. Cruz, Torrijos and Gasan. MSC provides a learning resource center (library and multimedia services), student publication, Office of the Student Affairs (OSA) student organizations and activities, Guidance and Psychological Testing Services, Health Services (Medical and Dental), Scholarship and Financial Assistance Program; and Sports, Physical education and Recreation (SPEAR). It has services like dormitory, internet, canopy and study sheds, bulletin boards, and speech laboratory.
History.
An act to establish, organize and maintain one National High School of Arts and Trades in the Municipality of Boac, province of Marinduque, to be known as the Marinduque School of Arts and Trades and to authorize the appropriation of funds for the purpose.
An act converting the Marinduque School of Arts and Trades into the Marinduque Institute of Science and Technology, broadening for the purpose its curricular programs in Science and Technology. 
An act changing the name of the Marinduque Institute of Science and Technology in Barangay Tanza, Municipality of Boac, province of Marinduque to Marinduque State College.
An act establishing the College of Agriculture in Barangay Poctoy, Municipality of Torrijos; the college of Fisheries in Baranggay Pinggan, Municipality of Gasan; and the Marinduque Community College in the Municipality of Sta. Cruz, all in the province of Marinduque as branches of the Marinduque State College, Boac, Marinduque
MSC Hymn.
<poem>
Hail to the MSC, Oh Hail to thee
With loyal hearts do homage
We tried to the years we come today
Pray God to lead thy way
Thy song in meekness bow their hearts
With faces up, we stand to sing
Oh Hail to name MSC!
Hail to the MSC, Oh Hail to thee
Our beacon thy wisdom shall be
As light to guide us on your way
Whenever we shall be
And when the Lord of land and sea
Call us to heaven we still sing
Oh Hail to the name MSC!
</poem>
Academics.
Boac Campus (main).
School of Advanced Education.
- Organizational Studies
- Local and Regional Governance and Administration
School of Industrial Technology.
Major in: 
School of Secondary Teacher Education.
- Mathematics
- Social Studies
- Biological Sciences
- Physical Sciences
- Music, Arts, Physical and Health Education
- Technology and Livelihood Education
- Music Education
Sta.Cruz campus.
School of Elementary Teacher Education.
- Early Childhood Care and Development
- General Education
Torrijos campus.
Four-year courses
Two-year course

</doc>
<doc id="18956303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956303" title="Wee Bin">
Wee Bin

Wee Bin born in China in 1823, was a far-sighted and enterprising Chinese migrant of the mid nineteenth century who, in his time, founded, Singapore's largest Chinese shipping firm. In 1856 at the age of thirty-three, Wee Bin was founder of Wee Bin & Co. chop Hong Guan, in Market Street, a firm that was rapidly becoming prominent in Singapore in the 1860s' and ran the firm according to Western business practices. Wee Bin through his firm, carried on business as Merchants and Shipowners. He incorporated Western practices in his business. Wee Bin at first began business relations with various houses in Bali in the Dutch Indies, and eventually became the greatest importer of products from that port. He also traded in all kinds of earthenware, and later on built up a fleet of over twenty vessels for the Chinese and Dutch Indies trade. With increasing interest in the tin mining industry and the need for more and more people to work the mines, Wee Bin was also responsible for carrying migrant workers from China to work in the Straits Settlements. Wee Bin married the daughter of Kiong Kong Tuan and died in 1868 at the age of 45, leaving an only son, Wee Boon Teck, and an only daughter who became the wife of Lim Ho Puah who would later take over his firm before passing it on to Wee Bin's ultimate heir, Lim Peng Siang (the fourth son of Lim Ho Puah), one of the greatest Chinese entrepreneurs and capitalists of his time.

</doc>
<doc id="18956305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956305" title="Honda Civic (first generation)">
Honda Civic (first generation)

Honda began selling the 1169 cc (70 in³) transversely mounted inline-four engine Civic for about US$2,200. The Civic was largely developed as an all new platform, and was the result of taking the previous Honda N600 and increasing the length, width, height, and wheelbase. The engine displacement was almost double the previous N600 (599 cc) at 1,170 cc, with two more cylinders added. The car produced roughly 50 hp (37 kW) and included power front disc brakes, vinyl seating, reclining bucket seats, and a woodgrain-accented dashboard which has many similarities to the later Rover SD1. The hatchback version added a fold-down rear seat, an AM radio, and cloth upholstery. The car had front and rear independent suspension. A four-speed manual transmission was standard. Options for the Civic were kept to a minimum, consisting of air conditioning, an automatic transmission called the Hondamatic, radial tires, and a rear wiper for the hatchback. The car could achieve on the highway, and with a small wheelbase and overall length, the vehicle weighed 1,500 pounds (680 kg).
The four-door sedan version of this bodystyle was not available in the USA and the five-door hatchback did not appear until 1978, just before the introduction of the second generation. In the USA, the advertising campaign used to introduce the Civic was, "Honda, we make it simple." The tagline was later used with other Honda motor vehicles until the early 1980s. 
The Civic's features allowed it to outperform American competitors such as the Chevrolet Vega and Ford Pinto. When the 1973 oil crisis struck, many Americans turned to economy cars. Reviews of American economy car quality were poor and getting worse due to spiraling costs for manufacturers. Japanese culture had a long-standing tradition of demanding high-quality economy cars, and the growing American desire in the 1970s for well-made cars that had good fuel mileage benefited the standing of the Honda Civic, Toyota Corolla and Datsun B210 in the lucrative U.S. market. The Civic was introduced before the introduction of the VW Golf in 1974.
For 1974, the Civic's engine size grew slightly, to 1237 cc and power went up to 52 hp (39 kW). In order to meet the new North American 5 mph (8 km/h) bumper impact standard, the Civic's bumpers grew 7.1 inches (18 cm), increasing overall length to 146.9 inches (373 cm).
The CVCC (Compound Vortex Controlled Combustion) engine debuted in 1975 and was offered alongside the standard Civic engine. The optional 53 hp (40 kW) CVCC engine displaced 1488 cc and had a head design that promoted cleaner, more efficient combustion. The CVCC design eliminated the need for catalytic converters or unleaded fuel to meet changing emissions standards, unlike nearly every other U.S. market car. Due to California's stricter emissions standards, only the CVCC powered Civic was available in that state. This created a sales advantage in Honda's favor in that CVCC equipped Honda products afforded the buyer the ability to choose any type of fuel the buyer wanted, and due to emissions equipment not being damaged by using leaded fuel, the buyer could use any gasoline products available. This was also an advantage due to some regions of North America having to ration available gasoline supplies due to periodic shortages at the time.
A five-speed manual transmission became available in 1974, as did a Civic station wagon (only with the 1500 CVCC engine), which had a wheelbase of 89.9 inches (228 cm) and an overall length of 160 inches (406 cm). Power for this version is in the Japanese domestic market. Civic sales also increased and topped 100,000 units for this year.
1978 brought slight cosmetic changes: the grille was black; the rear-facing hood vents replaced the sideways vents; and turn indicators were mounted in the bumper instead of in the grille. The CVCC engine was now rated at 60 hp (45 kW).
The first generation Honda Civics were notorious for rusting in less than three years from purchase where salt was used in the winter. The U.S. importer, American Honda Motor Company, signed a final consent decree with the Federal Trade Commission that provided owners of 1975-1978 Civics with rusted fenders the right to receive replacements or cash reimbursements. In the end, almost 1 million Honda owners were notified that their fenders could be repaired or replaced by the automaker at no charge. About 10% of all Hondas sold were to be inspected by a dealer, and the automaker had 180 days to replace front fenders and supporting parts that showed rust within the first three years of use.
The Hondas were so vulnerable to corrosion that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) also issued a safety recall . This was because the car's lateral suspension arms, front crossbeam, and strut coil spring lower supports could weaken with exposure to salt. A total of 936,774 vehicles built between 9-1-1972 and 8-1-1979 were subject to extensive repairs since Honda had to replace the suspension components, or the automaker bought back entire cars with serious body corrosion.
At the time, Honda's rust recall was the largest safety action among all the brands imported into the U.S. Civics became known for their "typical Honda rust" in the used car market.
The first generation Civic – a 1.2-litre, three-door manual, was assembled in 1976 from CKD kits in New Zealand by importer and distributor New Zealand Motor Corporation (NZMC) at its Petone plant near Wellington. This was the first time Honda cars had been assembled outside Japan. The first car off the line was bright yellow with brown interior trim and was, in 1984, acquired from its one lady owner by Honda New Zealand, who had taken over from NZMC, in exchange for a new City, also locally-assembled. The first generation NZ Civic was also offered with optional two-speed semi-automatic 'Hondamatic' transmission. Earlier cars had, from 1973, been imported assembled by the Moller Group before NZMC took over the Honda franchise but availability was limited due to restrictions on built-up imports. All subsequent Civic generations were assembled in New Zealand until car manufacture there ceased in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18956316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956316" title="Jason Lewis (radio host)">
Jason Lewis (radio host)

Jason Mark Lewis is an American radio talk show host and political commentator.
Education.
Lewis has a Master's Degree in Political Science from the University of Colorado at Denver as well as a Bachelor of Arts in Education/Business from the University of Northern Iowa.
Broadcast history.
His show is syndicated nationally on the Genesis Communications Network. His radio show was previously broadcast locally for 10 years on KSTP in the Minneapolis/St. Paul metropolitan area of Minnesota, until Lewis moved to WBT in Charlotte, North Carolina, where he spent three years. In 2006, Lewis moved back to Minnesota to the newly established KTLK-FM. 
On his February 17, 2009 episode of his show, Lewis announced that his show will be syndicated nationally, effective February 23, 2009. Since 2007, Lewis had been one of the most frequently used, and one of the most popular guest hosts of the Rush Limbaugh radio program, allowing him to reach a nationwide audience. He has a very parenthetical style of speech. He has conservative hair and wears conservative clothes such as golf shirts, khaki pants, brown shoes and brown belts. 
On August 8, 2011, "The Jason Lewis Show" was picked up for national syndication by the Genesis Communications Network.
He is the author of "Power Divided is Power Checked: The Argument for States Rights" from Bascom Hill Publishing.
Lewis has been mentioned, by Lewis, as a possible candidate in 2014 against Senator Al Franken. He eventually declined to run.
Affiliates.
A list of affiliate stations is available on his website, JasonLewisShow.com.

</doc>
<doc id="18956344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956344" title="Mohave County Hospital">
Mohave County Hospital

Mohave County Hospital is between Grand View and First Street on Beale Street, Kingman, AZ. The hospital was built in 1921-22 with Wings in 1940's and 1962. The hospital was built in the style of Mission/Spanish Revival. Santa Fe Railway Engineering Department designed the building and J. B. Lammers of Flagstaff was the contractor. Mohave County General Hospital was the main hospital in Mohave County until the 1970s. The hospital moved out to a new location, so county departments started to move into the building. The last and longest tenant was the Mohave County Sheriff Office. They moved from the court house to the old hospital. The hospital wasn't able to be saved and was taken to the ground in 2008. The hospital was placed on the National Register in 1986. The hospital is on the National Register of Historic Places and the number is 86001165.

</doc>
<doc id="18956349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956349" title="2007 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 200 metres">
2007 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 200 metres

The women's 200 metres event at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics took place on 29–31 August (final) at the Nagai Stadium.
Results.
Heats.
Qualification: First 4 in each heat(Q) and the next 8 fastest (q) advance to the quarterfinals.
Quarterfinals.
First 4 of each Quarterfinal qualifies (Q).
Semifinals.
First 4 of each Semifinal qualifies (Q).
Final.
31 August 2007

</doc>
<doc id="18956434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956434" title="Henry Coffin Nevins">
Henry Coffin Nevins

Col. Henry Coffin Nevins (10 January 1843 – 25 June 1892) was an industrialist from an established New England family in the city of Methuen, Massachusetts.
Life.
Nevins was the son of David Nevins, Sr., who was born in Salem, New Hampshire on December 12, 1809, to John Nevins and Achsah Nevins née Swan. Henry Nevins' mother was Elizabeth 'Eliza' Coffin, the daughter of a wealthy merchant from the island of Nantucket named Jared Coffin. David Sr., who built his personal wealth through importing and manufacturing textiles, gained notoriety as the co-owner of Pemberton Mill, the collapse of which in 1860 "is likely the worst industrial accident in Massachusetts history" and "one of the worst industrial calamities in American history".
Henry and elder brother David Nevins, Jr., took on ever-increasing responsibilities as their father aged. For a time Henry managed the City Exchange Banking Company, a Boston-based bank that was eventually merged with the Nevinses' other businesses. The "Methuen Duck Cloth" the Nevinses manufactured was world-renowned as a material for sail cloth and tents for the tropics. 
After David Sr.'s death in 1881, the family's wealth was such that his widow Eliza, his eldest son David C, Nevins, and his younger son Henry Coffin Nevins were able to erect the Nevins Memorial Library in his honor. David, Sr., and Eliza are buried on the library grounds beneath a memorial "Angel of Life" sculptured by George Moretti in 1896. 
Henry and David, Jr., expanded the manufacturing and importing businesses they had inherited. They built textile mills and owned the India Bagging Company and Bengal Bagging Company in Salem, Massachusetts, continued importing goods from Asia, and helped give the city of Methuen "much of its
unique identity."
Legacy.
Henry Coffin Nevins married Julia Du Gay of Paris but they had no children. He was buried at Mount Auburn Cemetery beneath a limestone monument of cherubs and palm fronds designed by Augustus St. Gaudens. At the cost of over fifty thousand dollars, his wife dedicated to her husband, in the nave of the local Congregationalist Church, "The Resurrection", a stained glass window designed by John LaFarge and "said to be (one of) his masterpieces."
He was remembered posthumously in a recollection of:
...a beautiful summer day in 1889...The marshal of the procession on that occasion was the late Henry C. Nevins, whose untimely death a few years later was deeply mourned by the entire community. He was superbly mounted, sat his horse finely, and was directly in front of the orator of the day, listening to every word with that attentive urbanity so characteristic of him.
With few close relatives, his wife became a widow philanthropist much like her sister-in-law Harriet Nevins. She left New England and lived an international life, establishing homes in Paris, at the Hotel Savoy in New York City, and Washington, D.C., where she died.
Upon her death, "Mrs. Julie F.H. Nevins" willed funds for the construction of the Henry C. Nevins Home for Aged and Incurables, an old age home established in 1906. Julia was living in New York City at the time of her death and the "New York Times" ran a story about her $1 million gift. The rest of her estate amounted to around $1.2 million and was inherited by her sister Antoinette Lees (wife of Capt. George Cholmondeley of the Grenadier Guards) in London, to her "faithful maid" Margaret Young, Werner von Blomberg's wife Eva, and others. According to one author, "The public spirit and generosity of the Nevins family seems to have no bounds in the town in which they made their home".
Mrs. Henry C. Nevins was buried with her husband in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Her will included provisions for "roses, Easter lilies, sweet peas, and pansies" to be displayed on the couple's grave on appropriate holidays.
Henry Coffin Nevins' surname (as well as that of fellow "Methuen city fathers" Edward F. Searles and Charles H. Tenney) appears in the name of the "Searles Tenney Nevins Historic District" established by the City of Methuen in 1992 to preserve the "distinctive architecture and rich character of one of Massachusetts’ most unique neighborhoods". According to the City of Methuen:
Today, the trio’s collective vision can be seen in mills, housing, schools, mansions, churches, monuments, playgrounds, the library, and the architectural fantasies that resulted from their artistic rivalry. The historic district boundaries were established to include properties and buildings constructed or used by the Searles, Tenney and Nevins families and the people who worked for them.
According to a description by the Essex National Heritage Area, the district:
...reflects the major influences that shaped Methuen's architecture and economy. The Spicket River provided water power for the local industry housed in large brick mills along the river. Corresponding commercial growth resulted in Gaunt Square, which has been the commercial center of Methuen since the mid-19th century. In addition to economic forces, three individuals, David Nevins, Charles Tenney and Edward F. Searles, left an architectural legacy which defines the district's character today.
Notes.
According to a 4 August 2008 communication from Sharon Morley, Reference Librarian at Nevins Memorial Library:
David Nevins Sr. was born in Salem NH on December 12, 1839 To John 
and Achsah Swan Nevins. When he reached 21, he moved to New Bedford 
and sold supplies to the crews of the whaling vessels. In 1818 (1835), 
Nevins married Eliza Coffin (born 1817). She was the daughter wealthy ship 
merchant Jared Coffin of Nantucket.
Nevins later went into business importing cloth. In 1842, 
protective taxes began hurting the textile importing business, so 
Nevins switched to manufacturing textiles instead. In 1859, he 
purchased the ill-fated Pemberton Mill, and in 1864, he purchased 
the Methuen Cotton Company on the Spicket River.
Mr. & Mrs. David Nevins Sr. and their two sons returned to the 
Methuen area in the early to mid 1860's. David Sr. Died in 1881 at 
the age of 72. His wife and sons had the Nevins Memorial Library 
built as a memorial to him.
David Nevin's sons, David Jr. and Henry Coffin Nevins took over the 
manufacturing businesses when their father Died.
David Jr. born JULY 30, 1839 ran the textile mills which by that 
time included India Bagging Company and Bengal Bagging Company in 
Salem, MA.
Henry c. born on January 10, 1843 became the agent of the family's 
textile brokerage firm called Nevins and Company.
Not only did the company sell the cloth from the Nevins' family 
mills, but by this time it was importing textiles from abroad. 
David Jr. Died in 1898 and Henry in 1892.
David Nevins Sr. born-Dec.12, 1809-died-March 19, 1881
Eliza Coffin Nevins born June 1, 1817 – died Dec. 30, 1895
David Nevins Jr. Born Jul 30, 1839 – Died Aug 24, 1898
Henry Coffin Nevins Born Jan. 10, 1843–Died June 25, 1892

</doc>
<doc id="18956455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956455" title="Ann Marlowe">
Ann Marlowe

Ann Rachel Marlowe is an American critic, journalist and writer working in New York City. She was born in Suffern, New York.
Marlowe published rock criticism in the early to mid-1990s in the "Village Voice", "LA Weekly", "Artforum", and "Spin". Her writing was influenced by the example of Greil Marcus in seeking a broader cultural context and often a political meaning for the bands she reviewed.
Marlowe's first memoir, "", was widely reviewed and discussed in many online groups of drug users or recovering addicts.
Marlowe contributes frequently to the op ed pages of the "Wall Street Journal" and "New York Post", mainly writing about Afghanistan and the US counterinsurgency there.
Marlowe is one of 220 contributors of entries to "A New Literary History of America" (Harvard University Press, 2009), edited by Greil Marcus and Werner Sollors. Her entry explores the cultural significance of Linda Lovelace's 1980 memoir, "Ordeal".
Marlowe has also worked as a legal recruiter specializing in placing tax and pension lawyers since 1987, first for A-L Legal Search and since 1990 for herself. As such, she is known to many New York attorneys.
Education.
In 1979, Marlowe received her B.A. in philosophy magna cum laude from Harvard University. From 1979 to 1980, she was Ph.D. student in the classical philosophy program at Harvard. Four years later, in 1984, she graduated with an MBA in finance from Columbia University.
Afghanistan.
After 9/11, Marlowe rather abruptly began to write about Afghanistan and terrorism, making frequent trips to Afghanistan and learning Dari. The LA Weekly featured Marlowe as a blogger writing in Afghanistan in a feature entitled "Ann Marlowe in Afghanistan". She also dated an Afghan-American man, an experience described in her second memoir, "". 
Marlowe's writings on Afghanistan have often challenged mainstream opinion, including arguing that "Afghanistan Doesn't Need a 'Surge'." She has drawn attention to Afghanistan's robust private sector and rapid economic growth in op-eds for the "Wall Street Journal", commented on Kabul's vibrant expat social scene, and criticized Afghan President Hamid Karzai frequently for Taliban sympathies, incompetence and toleration of corruption in the many pieces in the "Wall Street Journal", "New York Post" and a 2008 op ed in the "Washington Post". Marlowe has also consistently argued that the US military is pursuing sensible policies in the country. Marlowe has been a frequent guest of conservative radio host John Batchelor speaking on Afghanistan.
Libya.
During the 2011 Libyan civil war, Marlowe worked as a journalist in Libya attached to rebel forces.
Critical reception.
Upon the release of "How to Stop Time", many praised its unsparing view of addiction as fundamentally a choice, but others charged that Marlowe could not have come to this conclusion if she were a "real addict" (IV user, poor, uneducated). She was condemned as a dilettante and attacked for glamorizing drug use by some reviewers, but most agreed that the book was well-written and original.
"The Book of Trouble" received far less critical attention than her heroin book and although it was translated into Portuguese and Dutch, it never appeared in paperback. Many reviewers could not understand her preoccupation with a man they viewed as a "jerk" and found the book less well structured than "How To Stop Time".
"How to Stop Time" was chosen one of the top 25 books of 1999 by the "Village Voice".

</doc>
<doc id="18956469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956469" title="Honda Civic (second generation)">
Honda Civic (second generation)

The 1980 Civic debuted with a more angular shape, increased engine power, and larger dimensions in all models. The wheelbase now measured for the hatchback (the two-door "sedan" was dropped) and for the wagon. The Civic engines came in cross flow and CVCC design depending on the market they were sold in; the base 1335 cc ("1300") CVCC engine made 55 hp (41 kW), while the 1488 cc ("1500") CVCC engine produced 67 hp (50 kW). Three transmissions were offered: a four-speed manual (on base models), a five-speed manual and a three-speed automatic.
The Civic 1300 and 1500 came in base and DX versions, and the latter featured a five-speed manual transmission, partial cloth seats, carpet, rear window defroster, intermittent wipers, and a cigarette lighter. The 1500 GL added radial tires, a rear window wiper/washer, tachometer, clock, and body side moldings. The Civic wagon came in a single version that was similar to the DX trim level.
In 1980 a three-box four-door sedan debuted, as did a three-speed automatic transmission that replaced the aging two-speed unit fitted to the first generation Civic. Rectangular headlamps and black bumpers appeared on the 1982 Civic. The 5 door hatchback became the Honda Quint in Japan and was introduced at Japanese dealership sales channel called "Honda Verno" along with the Honda Ballade, a high luxury model based on the sedan. Also introduced was a new highly fuel efficient I4 model, the five-speed "FE" (Fuel Economy) which was rated at in the city and on the highway. However, even the standard 1500 cc model achieves city, and highway when driven , the maximum U.S. speed limit at the time (California mileage ratings).
The slogan for 1983 Civic was "We Make It Simple". A sport-oriented Civic "S" was introduced in 1983 and was fitted with firmer suspension (with rear stabilizer bar) and 165/70R13 Michelin tires. A red accent encircled the S and set it apart from other Civics as well as a black grille and blackout paint around the window frames. This model was fitted with two different motors. In some markets it was fitted with a high performance 1335cc EN4, which was of traditional cross-flow design, and was fitted with twin Keihin CV carburettors, and the same camshaft that was fitted to the earlier 1st generation GL models. The twin carburettors shared much in common with the legendary RS models of the mid-70s, using the same intake manifold, however Honda updated the configuration by fitting twin velocity stacks to help increase bottom-end and mid-range response. The Civic "S" was available in Red, and in Black. The Civic platform also spawned a new car, with an emphasis on performance, called the Honda Prelude.
A re-styled saloon version of this model was also sold in Europe, badged as the Ballade. This model was also made under licence by British Leyland, badged as the Triumph Acclaim, featuring new front and rear styling, as well as a revised interior.
EN1 = 1335 cc base model. EN4 = 1335 cc S model.

</doc>
<doc id="18956499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956499" title="Oleh Ostapenko">
Oleh Ostapenko

Oleh Ostapenko (; born 27 October 1977 in Vinnytsia, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who currently plays for PFC Nyva Vinnytsia.

</doc>
<doc id="18956530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956530" title="Spanish Synagogue">
Spanish Synagogue

Spanish Synagogue may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18956581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956581" title="State of America">
State of America

State of America may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18956601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956601" title="Solita Solano">
Solita Solano

Solita Solano, real name "Sarah Wilkinson" (born 1888 in Troy, New York, died 22 November 1975 in Orgeval near Paris) was an American writer, poet and journalist.
Life.
Sarah Wilkinson came from a middle-class family and attended the Emma Willard School in Troy. After the death of her father she left home and married her childhood sweetheart Oliver Filley. They spent the next four years in the Philippines, in China and Japan, where her husband worked as an engineer. They returned to New York in 1908 where she started work as a theatre critic with the New York Tribune and as a freelance contributor to the National Geographic Society. At this time she changed her name to "Solita Solano".
In 1919 Solano got to know the journalist Janet Flanner in Greenwich Village with whom she started a relationship. In 1921 they travelled to Greece, where Janet was to work on a report for the "National Geographic" on Constantinople. Solano had three books published, and as they were not very successful, returned to journalism. In the following year they travelled to France. In Paris they joined the intellectuel-lesbian circles of Gertrude Stein and Alice B. Toklas, Natalie Clifford Barney, Romaine Brooks and Djuna Barnes. In 1929 Solano had an affair with Margaret Anderson, founder of The Little Review, who had come to Paris with her lover, French singer Georgette Leblanc. The affair lasted several years, though Anderson remained living with Leblanc.
At this time Janet Flanner started writing, under the Pseudonym "Genêt", the "Letter from Paris", for "The New Yorker". After the outbreak of World War II Solano and Flanner returned to New York.
A few years later Solano left Flanner after Flanner started an affair with Natalia Danesi Murray; meanwhile Solano fell in love with Elizabeth Jenks Clark. Margaret Anderson got to know Clark through Solano after Clark returned to the US. Clark and Solano became Anderson's closest friends, although Anderson had in the meantime fallen in love with Dorothy Caruso, widow of the singer Enrico Caruso.
During the 1930s and 40s, Solano studied with G. I. Gurdjieff, and for a while acted as his secretary. She was a member of a key Gurdjieff group known as “The Rope,” to which Jane Heap, Margaret Anderson, and Kathryn Hulme also belonged. After Gurdjieff’s death in 1949, Solano became the focal point for members of The Rope until her own death. Her notes of Gurdjieff’s meetings with The Rope are a remarkable record of his personality and method.
After the war Solano returned to France, where she died at the age of 87.

</doc>
<doc id="18956626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956626" title="Ben Howgego">
Ben Howgego

Ben Henry Nicholas Howgego (born March 3, 1988, Norfolk) is an English cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played first-class cricket for Northamptonshire.
Career.
Howgego played for the Northamptonshire Second XI in 2005, and also played for an ECB Development team when India toured England in 2006. He then made his first-class debut for Northamptonshire as an opening batsman against Gloucestershire in August 2008, having played in the Second XI Championship up to that point in the season. In 2009, he started in the first team due to Niall O'Brien, the regular opening Batsman being injured. He then went back to Exeter University where he is studying for a degree in Sport Science. On return to Northampton, he opened the batting against the touring Australian team scoring 46 runs in the second innings. He then continued to play for the second team, but was unable to do himself justice as he had back and knee injuries. So far this season Howgego has been in fine form, scoring highly for his University side, and so far playing well for Northampton 2nd XI scoring a century in his first game back.
Howgego got his chance in the 2010 season when an injury to opener Niall O'Brien allowed Ben a run in the Northants First XI. After several useful knocks, Ben finally made his maiden first class half century against Derbyshire, during a match saving 172 run 3rd wicket partnership with David Sales.
On 16 August 2012, Howgego was released from his Northamptonshire contract after only 2 first team appearances in the season. He currently plays for Cambridgeshire in the Minor Counties Championship.
Career best performances.
"as of 23 December 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="18956658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956658" title="Kiong Kong Tuan">
Kiong Kong Tuan

Kiong Kong Tuan ( sometimes romanized as Kung Kuang-chuan, born 1790) came from Penang, where he had carried on business as a merchant and established himself in Singapore. He married a daughter of the well-known Choa Chong Long, by whom he had an only son, Kiong Seok Wee, and several daughters, one of whom became the wife of Wee Bin of the steamship firm of "Wee Bin & Co." Mr. Kong Tuan also figured as the Spirit Farmer for some years. He had a spirit factory at Pearl's Hill, and the site is still known among the Chinese as Chiu-long-san (the spirit factory hill). He was named, by Stamford Raffles as the first Kapitan China of Singapore. He held the opium farms for a long time during the 1830s. He was also involved in coffee and real estate. In the 1840s he had of coffee near Jurong. He held the spirit and opium farms in 1848. He was the last opium farmer in Singapore. He died at the age of 64 years on 16 January 1854. 
Mr. Kong Tuan was the grantee of that large tract of land comprising which has now become a thickly populated Straits Chinese residential quarter with Chin Swee Road as the main artery and Cornwall Street and Seok Wee Road as side streets.
Kiong Seok Wee.
Kiong Seok Wee (龚菽惠 b: 1839 d: 1888) was the grandson of Choa Chong Long and son of Spirits Farmer Kiong Kong Tuan. He did not fancy spirit farming and instead went into business with his brother-in-law, Wee Bin, but the partnership was short-lived. In 1865 along with Wee Leong Hin, the firm of Leong Hin, Seok Wee & Co., chop Aik Ho, shipchandlers, was established at Boat Quay and another under the chop Joo Chin & Co. as General Merchants. "Aik Ho" was accidentally burnt down, and as it was not covered by insurance, Mr. Seok Wee sustained a severe loss which was augmented by the failure of Joo Chin & Co. He was at that time one of the proprietors of the Singapore Daily Free Press and Mercantile Advertiser. In 1869 the affairs of Mr. Seok Wee and his partner were administered by the Court of Insolvent Debtors. He died in 1888 at the age of 49 years leaving six sons and two daughters, the elder of whom, Ms Kiong Hoon Neo, became a daughter-in-law of Mr. Tan Kim Ching (she married his son Tan Keck Geang). The youngest son of Mr. Seok Wee is Kiong Ching Eng, chief clerk and cashier at the General Hospital, a man of liberal education and a first-class player both in tennis and chess. Seok Wee Road is named after him. Aik Hoe Road is named after his shipchandlers firm Chop Aik Hoe.

</doc>
<doc id="18956665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956665" title="Choa Chong Long">
Choa Chong Long

Choa Chong Long (born circa 1788 in Malacca) the distinguished son of Kapitan Chua Su Cheong, a Kapitan China under the Dutch, ventured to Singapore, but unlike most of the Chinese and Malays who went there to seek their fortune, Choa Chong Long was already rich. His daughter married Kiong Kong Tuan.
He was an opium farmer. The earliest on the island and its last as well.
He was thought to be one of the first Chinese to manage a plantation in Singapore.
He was an early Chinese shopkeeper.
He celebrated his forty-fourth birthday by giving a grand dinner to which all influential residents of the island, including many Europeans, were invited.
Dying in 1838, he left a will containing "a devise for ever of certain properties for sinchew (ancestral worship) purposes which was eventually declared void.
He died in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18956674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956674" title="Peter Macon">
Peter Macon

Peter Macon is an American television and stage actor. He won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Voice-Over Performance in 2002 for narrating "Animated Tales of the World". He has appeared in episodes of "Nash Bridges", "Law & Order", "Without a Trace", "Supernatural" and "Dexter".

</doc>
<doc id="18956698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956698" title="Kunta Kinte (album)">
Kunta Kinte (album)

Kunta Kinte is the thirteenth album released by rapper, Keak da Sneak.

</doc>
<doc id="18956721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956721" title="Joe Thomas, New Man">
Joe Thomas, New Man

Joe Thomas, New Man is the seventh album by singer Joe released on September 23, 2008. It is his first release under an independent record label, Kedar Entertainment.
Album information.
The album was set to have contributions from Nas, The Game, Busta Rhymes, Mario, Trey Songz, Snoop Dogg and P. Diddy. However, none are featured on the album. Production on the album was by Bryan-Michael Cox, Stereotypes, MACK Mckinney and D'Mile among others.
The first single, "E.R. (Emergency Room)" was released on July 15, 2008 and the second single, "Why Just Be Friends" was released on July 30.
The song "We Need to Roll", was set to feature Mario and Trey Songz. However, the pair did not appear on the standard edition of the album. Instead it was placed as a bonus track on the Japan edition of the album as a remix.
Target carried a special edition of the album including the songs "Triple Black Room", "I Will Again" and "Approach". These songs also appear on the UK edition of the album.
The album debuted at number 8 on the Billboard charts on the week of September 29, 2008. 56,733 copies were sold in the first week. In its second week on the charts, sales increased, with 112,725 copies sold.
Track listing.
The Deluxe edition was released on November 25, 2008 and includes 3 new tracks in addition to the bonus snippets from "Signature".

</doc>
<doc id="18956743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956743" title="Utah State Route 103">
Utah State Route 103

State Route 103 (SR-103) is a urban minor arterial state highway in the U.S. state of Utah. It branches off from SR-126 (Main Street) in downtown Clearfield and extends east to Interstate 15 (I-15), terminating at the entrance to the Falcon Hill National Aerospace Research Park, just outside of Hill Air Force Base. The entire route is located in Davis County and was formed in 1965 coinciding with the construction of I-15. The route has been mostly unchanged since its formation, except for the moniker of the highway and the route number of its western terminus.
The western terminus, in a stretch of fourteen years from its inception, has gone from SR-1 in 1965, to SR-106 in 1967, to SR-84 in 1969, and SR-126 in 1979. In 1979, the moniker of the roadway for SR-103 was changed from 600 North to 650 North. SR-103 is one of four Utah state highways that connect to Hill Air Force Base, the others being SR-97, SR-168, and SR-232. Only SR-168 has a lower average daily traffic count, with roughly 1,000 vehicles-per-day traveling along the highway compared to SR-103's approximately 16,000 vehicles-per-day. The only major change to the highway since its formation was the addition of traffic lights at the on and off ramps for I-15.
Route description.
State Route 103 (SR-103) begins at an intersection with SR-126, locally known as Main Street in Clearfield. At this intersection, 650 North, which continues the right-of-way, lengthens from a two lane local street into a four lane arterial boulevard at SR-126. SR-103 begins its progression eastward, passing between two commercial complexes. After a crossing of the Davis Weber Canal, the sidewalk on the southern side of the roadway turns to the south to follow the canal forming the Clearfield Canal Trail. SR-103 highway turns to the northeast, intersecting with the southbound on-ramp and off-ramp to Interstate 15 (I-15). After this intersection, SR-103 expands to five lanes, and crosses under the southbound and northbound lanes of I-15. After the overpasses, SR-103 intersects with the northbound on-ramp and off-ramp from I-15. The highway progresses straight for about , passing a gated fence on the north side of the highway leading to a rail stub, and the dead-end of Aspen Avenue, before reaching the entrance to the Falcon Hill National Aerospace Research Park, just outside of Hill Air Force Base, the designated eastern terminus of SR-103. From there, the right-of-way continues on the arterial in the base itself.
SR-103 serves the function of connecting the town of Clearfield, and residents along I-15 to Hill Air Force Base. The base, , was the sixth largest employer in the state of Utah and is the third largest employer which is neither the state government nor a state-funded higher education institution. SR-103 is one of four Utah state highways that connect to Hill Air Force Base, the others being SR-97, SR-168 and SR-232, Only SR-168 has a lower average daily traffic count, with roughly 1,000 vehicles-per-day traveling along the highway compared to SR-103's approximately 16,000 vehicles-per-day. This is a decline from previous years (in 2007 the average on SR-103 was 22,525; in 2006, the average was 22,215; in 2005, 21,275). Four percent of this traffic was composed of trucks. The measurement point for the traffic counts is at the eastern terminus of SR-103, the entrance to the Falcon Hill National Aerospace Research Park. The highway is codified as Utah Code §72-4-116, and is designated as a minor arterial, which the Federal Highway Administration defines as linking major arterials at a lower volume than a primary arterial.
History.
SR-103 was originally on an alignment of Harrison Street in the city of Ogden. Between 1964 and 1965, the state of Utah and the Utah Department of Transportation (UDOT) decommissioned the alignment of SR-103 on Harrison Street, renumbering the portion of Harrison Street as SR-203. The SR-103 designation was soon rewritten in the Utah Code as an access road to Hill Air Force Base on April 19, 1965.
The new alignment, which the state felt was a major connector to a federal military institution, Hill Air Force Base, from U.S. Route 91 (US-91) and I-15 was chosen as a state highway US-91, before the formation of I-15, was the major thoroughfare through Utah, connecting it to California and Montana. SR-103 was then designated onto its alignment, adding to the Utah state route system. Prior to designation, the alignment of 600 North went from U.S. Route 91 and uninterrupted until the Hill Air Force Base. In 1964, a year prior to designation, a concrete culvert bridge was constructed over the Davis Weber Canal. The two bridges for I-15's southbound and northbound roadways were built in 1966 and are two concrete continuous tee beam overpasses.
The route has been mostly unchanged since its formation, except for the moniker of the highway and the western terminus, of which SR-103 progresses. The western terminus, in a stretch of fourteen years from its inception, went from SR-1 in 1965, to SR-106 in 1967 to SR-84 in 1969 and SR-126 in 1979. In 1979, the moniker of the roadway for SR-103 was changed from 600 North to 650 North. In 1998, the legal definition of SR-103 was changed in the state codes.
The alignment of SR-103, outside of the roadway renumbering, have received some technical changes as well. In November 1992, UDOT confirmed that the interchange of I-15 and SR-103 (exit 335) was to be given traffic lights to help monitor traffic. The mayor at the time, Neldon Hamblin, approved of the project, and put the project up for bids for construction. The interchange was holding up motorists needing to turn left up to 20 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="18956745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956745" title="Designated player">
Designated player

A designated player may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18956785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956785" title="Sandy Lewis">
Sandy Lewis

Alexander Ashley Lewis (born 22 January 1931), better known as Sandy Lewis, was an Australian politician who represented the Western Australian Legislative Assembly seat of Blackwood from 1972 until 1974, and one of the two Legislative Council seats for Lower Central Province from 1974 until 1989. He was a member of the Liberal Party.
Biography.
Lewis was born in Glen Osmond, a suburb of Adelaide, South Australia, to Lancelot Lewis, a managing director of Goldsbrough Mort in Adelaide and brother of Essington Lewis, and Grace Laidlaw OBE. His older brother, Tom, briefly served as Premier of New South Wales from 3 January 1975 until 23 January 1976.
He was educated at St Peter's College and at the University of Adelaide, before moving to Western Australia in October 1952. He initially worked as a jackeroo, trade cadet and farm contractor, before taking up farming at Kojonup in 1955. On 21 April 1955, he returned to Adelaide to marry Patricia Symons, with whom he had one daughter. In 1961 he founded and was the principal director of PS Agencies and in 1967 became the first individual winner of the John Lynn Memorial Prize for outstanding contribution to the farm machinery industry.
Lewis became active in Liberal politics, becoming president of the Mobrup branch near Kojonup, and then president for the Division of Forrest. At a by-election on 16 December 1972, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Blackwood. When this seat was abolished at the 1974 election, he successfully transferred to a Lower Central Province seat in the Legislative Council.
From 1977 until 1984, with a brief break in 1982–1983, Lewis served as secretary to the Parliamentary Liberal Party, and in 1983–1984, to the Shadow Cabinet following the defeat of the Liberal government. Additionally, he was a member of the Joint House Committee for the entire period, and chaired a Select Committee into national parks in 1980–1981, into cultural and recreational facilities in 1982, and into the Conservation and Land Management Bill 1984 (during which he became an honorary Royal Commissioner).
He engaged actively in the local community, serving on the Bushfire Brigades Committee as well as football and aero clubs. From 1977, he was also state secretary of the Farm Machinery Dealers' Association, becoming its national secretary in 1979. In March 1978, he and his wife divorced, and nine months later, he married Patricia Wright in Claremont.
In March 1986, he resigned from the Liberal Party over a disagreement with leader Bill Hassell over the shadow cabinet's relationship with Select Committees. He designated himself an "independent Liberal" but rejoined the party in October 1986. He was rewarded with a shadow secretary role with special responsibility for party liaison, the campaign committee and special projects in December 1986, and served on select committees inquiring into the SEC advanced coal purchase from Western Collieries Ltd and the state funding of Aboriginal programs in 1988. With the abolition of his seat at the 1989 election, he nominated for Liberal preselection for a winnable seat in the South West region, but failed in his bid, and exited from political life at the election.

</doc>
<doc id="18956802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956802" title="Honda Civic (third generation)">
Honda Civic (third generation)

For the third generation (introduced in September 1983 for model year 1984), the Civic's wheelbase was increased by 2–5 inches (13 cm) to 93.7 inches (hatchback) or 96.5 inches (sedan). A three-door hatchback, four-door sedan (also known as the Honda Ballade), the five-door "Shuttle" station wagon, and sporting CRX coupé shared common underpinnings. This included independent front control arms with torsion bar springs and a semi-independent rear beam with coil springs. However, the body panels were largely different between models. The Civic-based Honda Quint five-door hatchback also underwent a model change, and became the Honda Quint Integra, available as both a three- and five-door fastback. The Quint Integra (soon just "Integra") was sold at the Japanese "Honda Verno" dealership along with the CR-X. The Civic in Japan was now exclusive to "Honda Primo", along with Honda's kei cars as well as superminis like the Honda City.
At its introduction in 1983, it won the Car of the Year Japan Award.
History.
The sedan and hatchback shared the same dashboard, but the CRX and wagons both had their own unique dash (CRX having a covered cubby in the middle of the dash, the wagon having a pop up set of vents which could be used or retracted into the dash). The hatchback adopted a flatter roof over the rear seats, drawing influences from a bodystyle known in Europe as a shooting-brake, that seemed to blur the definition between traditionally defined hatchbacks and the shooting-brake. The flat roof, three door hatchback appearance was also used on the supermini Honda City, and the Honda Today, the car that returned Honda to "kei car" production. This appearance was also used on the Honda Accord Aerodeck. The Honda CR-X was the only three-door hatchback that adopted a fastback, sloping rear hatch, demonstrating a performance car appearance identified with "Honda Verno" products during the mid-1980s. In Europe, the sedan model was also marketed as the Rover 213/216, while in Japan it was marketed in parallel (through "Verno" dealers) as the Honda Ballade. Both the Sedan and Hatchback models were also sold in Indonesia under the name Civic "Wonder".
A new 12-valve (three valves per cylinder) 76 hp, 1,500 cc inline-four engine was introduced. The base hatchback and CRX 1.3 used the 1,300 cc 8-valve engine giving 60 hp (45 kW). The DX and 1500S model hatchbacks shared the new 1,500 cc engine with the sedan, wagon, and CRX 1.5. The 1500S model achieved over highway.
European cars received a 1,200 cc engine at the bottom of the ladder, with . This was only available in the hatchback, while the sedan range began with a 1300 with . The Shuttle was only available with the "1500", while the CR-X received a fuel injected version of this engine, producing . All of these engines have three vales per cylinder. The three-box sedan was not intended for sale in the European common market, initially only being available in EFTA markets such as Sweden and Switzerland.
In 1986, the Civic got flush-mounted headlights, revised tail-lights, new wheel cover designs and other minor cosmetic updates. The optional 3-speed automatic transmission also gained O/D (overdrive) making it a 4-speed automatic.
Si.
In the United States, a Civic "S" trim was introduced in 1984, featuring sports seats and reclining rear seats. Although the S retained the semi-independent rear beam with coil springs for the suspension, a rear stabilizer bar was added to improve handling. Unlike the JDM Civic Si, the S trim used the same carbureted 1.5 L EW1 engine as the base and the DX trims. 1985 finally saw the US release of the Si trim with the Civic CRX Si, which featured a fuel-injected, 1.5 L SOHC EW3 engine making .
In 1986, the Si trim was extended to the Civic hatchback, offering the same performance of the CRX Si but with four-seats. Added improvements for the Civic Si hatchback included a removable glass sunroof, a five-speed manual gearbox, tilt steering wheel, a full-width taillight panel, a color-keyed front airdam and a roof spoiler. Like the CRX Si, the Si hatchback was powered by the same , 12-valve SOHC engine designated EW4/D15A3 (the latter code was used for the 1987 model year but with the same specs). The Civic Si also saw a release in New Zealand and Australia in 1987, and sharing similar specs to the American-market Si.Also in 1987 an Si version of the Civic hatchback was introduced, featuring a pop-up glass sunroof, body colored bumpers, and sedan-style disk wheel covers. This model came with the 1.5 L 12 valve fuel-injected engine from the CRX Si, generating , and a manual five-speed gearbox.
CRX.
The CRX was a Civic with a slightly different body; it was strictly a 2-seater in the US with a lockable storage compartment, while it was offered to the rest of the world with a rear seat. The CRX lineup added the Si model in 1985 which used Honda's PGM-FI fuel injection on the 1,488 cc four-cylinder; in the United States this generated while other markets received a considerably more powerful DOHC, 1.6-litre unit. The Si model added an intricately designed rear wiper, sports seats, and a power sunroof. The CRX Si was also identifiable by body-colored bumpers in 1986, new four-spoke alloy wheels and a body-colored rubber spoiler, now mounted on the back of the hatch as opposed to on the top portion of the lid. A two-tone paint scheme was standard in 1985 in black or red over gray-silver. The two tone paint job (which featured plastic polymer panels) was standard on HF and DX models from 1984 until it's redesign in 1988. The 13-inch alloy wheels were fitted with 175/70R13 Michelin MXL tires. The comparatively quicker inline-four engine propelled the CRX Si from 0–60 mph in under 9 seconds.
Later, the miserly CRX HF joined the model lineup. This version used a CVCC-head equipped EW series 1.5 liter engine, replacing the original CRX 1.3.
Shuttle/Wagon.
The five-door wagon received unique bodywork and interior. "Shuttle" in most countries, it was called the wagon and "Wagovan" in the United States; the differences being the wagon having 50/50 split folding cloth fixed rear seats that reclined to 4 different positions, and the Wagovan having a vinyl single piece rear seat that slid forward to accommodate additional cargo as well as metal bars across the rear side windows. It was also available as a Van-version, called "Pro", for commercial users in the Japanese domestic market. Its appearance as a "tall wagon" was shared with the concept car Lancia Megagamma introduced earlier. The wagon was originally only available in front-wheel drive; in 1985 and later a part-time any-speed four-wheel drive, operated by a push button on the dash, became available. The four-wheel drive transmission also introduced a low-speed "granny gear" which could only be engaged in four-wheel drive.
In 1987, the four-wheel drive system on the wagon was changed; a new Real-Time four-wheel drive system featured an automatic viscous coupling that shifted power to the rear wheels automatically when needed. Real Time 4WD models are recognizable by the charcoal grey center covers, covering the lug nuts which were exposed on FWD models.

</doc>
<doc id="18956814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956814" title="Destroyer (1943 film)">
Destroyer (1943 film)

Destroyer is a 1943 Columbia Pictures war film starring Edward G. Robinson and Glenn Ford as U. S. Navy sailors in World War II.
Plot.
In 1943 retired Navy Chief Bosun's Mate Steve "Boley" Boleslavski (Edward G. Robinson) helps build the destroyer "John Paul Jones", the namesake of the ship he served on in World War I, sank in combat while saving an aircraft carrier from being torpedoed. When he finds out that an old shipmate, Lieutenant Commander Clark (Regis Toomey), is the ship's new captain, he returns to the Navy and wrangles a berth as the ship's leading chief bosun's mate.
However, Boley soon alienates the rest of the destroyer's crew with his perfectionist attitude and ignorance of the ship's modern equipment, particularly Mickey Donohue (Glenn Ford), whom he replaced as leading chief. As a result, the ship's crew and equipment perform poorly on the "Jones"'s shakedown cruise. Boley is demoted for striking Donohue when the latter goads him by insulting the "Jones". Donahue becomes leading chief again. To further complicate matters, Donohue and Boley's daughter Mary (Marguerite Chapman) fall in love and secretly marry.
Mary talks Donahue into letting Boley remain aboard the "Jones", and he is injured rescuing crewmen during a fire. Boley will recover but is barred from further sea duty and sent to collect his gear. Because of its poor showing, the "Jones" has been assigned to carry mail to Dutch Harbor, Alaska, and its disgruntled crewmen applied for transfers to fighting ships. Boley returns just as they are packing their gear and talks them out of transferring with a stirring account of John Paul Jones' epic Revolutionary War battle with the HMS "Serapis".
A Japanese fleet is spotted trying to bring reinforcements to their garrison on Kiska Island, and the crew of the "Jones" eagerly answers the general order to converge on the enemy. Higher headquarters contemptuously changes their orders and sends them to the safe port of Sitka. En route, the "Jones" is attacked by six enemy airplanes, shooting down all of them but struck by a torpedo during the fight. When a hostile submarine is detected, the crippled ship has to flee at its best speed. It manages to evade attack until night falls, but the list of the ship extinguishes its boilers, stopping the engines. The captain has no choice but to give the order to abandon ship. Boley is given a chance to stay aboard with a few volunteers, including Donohue, to try to weld shut the hole. He succeeds just before dawn, when the submarine attacks. The destroyer drops depth charges, forcing the submarine to the surface, then rams and sinks it.
When the ship docks to much fanfare, Boley learns that Donohue has married his daughter. He willingly returns "to the beach" after the crew expresses its reluctance to see him go.

</doc>
<doc id="18956821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956821" title="William Edward Powell">
William Edward Powell

William Edward Powell (16 February 1788 — 10 April 1854) was a British Lord Lieutenant and Member of Parliament.
He was the eldest son of Thomas Powell, and was educated at Christ Church, Oxford. Brought up in France by his widowed mother, he finally occupied his father's estate at Nanteos, near Aberystwith at the age of 21 in 1809 and was made High Sheriff of Cardiganshire in 1810. He became the Lord Lieutenant of Cardiganshire in 1817. 
In 1816 he was returned to Parliament as a Conservative upon the death of Thomas Johnes, where he sat for eleven successive parliaments without a single competitor.
He married Laura-Edwyna Phelp, eldest daughter of James Sacksville Tufton Phelp, of Coston House Leics in 1810, and had two sons:
Laura died in 1822. He married again in 1841 to Harriet Dell, widow of George Ackers of Moreton Hall, Cheshire. William Edward died aged 66 and the estate was left to his eldest son.

</doc>
<doc id="18956824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956824" title="Sedum cauticola">
Sedum cauticola

Sedum cauticola (cliff stonecrop) syn. "Hylotelephium cauticola" is a species of flowering plant in the family Crassulaceae, native to Japan. Growing to tall by wide, it is a carpet-forming succulent perennial with trailing stems of pink-tinged grey-green round leaves, and purplish pink star-shaped flowers in autumn.
The specific epithet "cauticola" means "growing on cliffs", referring to the plant's favoured habitat.
In cultivation it is suitable for a rock garden or alpine garden in alkaline to neutral soil. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="18956838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956838" title="Rinat Ibragimov">
Rinat Ibragimov

Rinat Rashidovich Ibragimov (; born March 7, 1986) is a defenceman currently playing for Yugra Khanty-Mansiysk in the Kontinental Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="18956845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956845" title="Serhiy Vovkodav">
Serhiy Vovkodav

Serhiy Vovkodav (; born 2 July 1988 in Lubny, Poltava Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="18956846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956846" title="Tracey Mosley">
Tracey Mosley

Tracey Mosley (born 25 September 1973 in Sydney, Australia) is a softball player from Australia, who won a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics and a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="18956847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956847" title="Ryan Reyes">
Ryan Reyes

Ryan Jay Reyes (born August 10, 1983) is a professional Filipino basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association and is a shooting guard for the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters. Nicknamed "D-Energizer" for his energetic style of play, he was drafted third overall by the Sta. Lucia Realtors in 2007, a testament to his potential, as import picks in the PBA draft are used on taller prospects. In the 2008 season, Ryan delivered on his potential by winning the Rookie of the Year honor and the 2008 PBA Championship.
Player profile.
Ryan "D-Energizer" Reyes is a very talented and aggressive point guard who plays unselfishly. He is known for his quick passing abilities, driving skills, solid perimeter shooting, ball handling, and rugged defense. He played alongside NBA two-time Three-point Shootout Champion Jason Kapono of the Los Angeles Lakers during his high school days in Artesia High in California.
Prior to his current PBA career, Reyes also saw action in the National Basketball Conference (NBC) and played for the Cebuana Lhuillier-sponsored national team in 2005. He was named the Fantastic Freshman during the PBL's 2007 Conference awards. In August 2007, while studying in the United States, Ryan had to decide whether to finish his last semester of Kinesiology studies at California State-Fullerton or go to the Philippines and apply for the PBA draft. He chose the latter and was drafted third overall by the Sta. Lucia Realtors. Ryan was one of the few pure point guards in the 2007 PBA Draft. His great size, athletic ability, solid perimeter shooting, driving skills, general court vision, defensive instincts, ball handling, and confidence in his abilities made him stand out from the other point guards.
Ryan was an integral part of the Sta. Lucia Realtors 2007-2008 Championship season, won PBA rookie of the year honors, and was the only rookie to play in the 2008 PBA All-Star Game. He also won the Sportsmanship award was the first rookie to win Player of the Week (December 17–23, 2007), and Player of the Month (December 2007). In 2008, Ryan was named into the RP Training Pool under coach Yeng Guiao. In 2009, Ryan was a member of the PBA's Powerade Team Pilipinas basketball team that won the Southeast Asian Basketball Association (SEABA) Championship. On May 14, 2010, The Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters traded to acquire Ryan from Sta. Lucia Realtors. D-Energizer is reportedly now set to be a part of the Smart-Gilas National Developmental Pool.
Although born and raised in the United States, Ryan's parents were both Filipino citizens at the time of his birth, making him a dual-citizen of the United States and the Republic of the Philippines. Ryan is fluent in English and can speak Tagalog.

</doc>
<doc id="18956849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956849" title="Ron Richards (producer)">
Ron Richards (producer)

Ron Richards (22 January 1929 – 30 April 2009) was a British record producer, best known for discovering The Hollies.
Born Ronald Richard Pratley in London, England, he played the piano and saxophone for the Central Band of the Royal Air Force. Richards later worked at EMI's Parlophone imprint as an assistant to producer George Martin. Richards discovered and signed The Hollies in 1963 to a recording contract with the Parlophone label. Richards produced most of The Hollies' music between 1963 to 1979, during which time they had seventeen Top 10 hit singles in the UK, as well as worldwide success. He also produced The Beatles' "Love Me Do" and Gerry & the Pacemakers' "You'll Never Walk Alone".
In August 1965, Richards joined Martin in leaving EMI to start AIR Studios. Working for Liberty Records, Richards was also the musical director for P.J. Proby and together they worked on the "Proby" albums. 
Richards is mentioned in The Beatles' bootleg recordings during the session for Think For Yourself. After George Martin makes a few mistakes, George Harrison jokes about getting Richards to produce Rubber Soul instead. The exact words were, "I wonder if Ron Richards is free tomorrow?" followed by laughs.
One of the songs on "Rubber Soul" is George Harrison's "If I Needed Someone". On the same day that the Rubber Soul LP came out in Britan (December 3 1965) a cover of that song was released by The Hollies - produced by Ron Richards.
Ron Richards died in Watford, Hertfordshire in April 2009, and his funeral was held on 15 May in Hemel Hempstead. 

</doc>
<doc id="18956859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956859" title="Holbein (disambiguation)">
Holbein (disambiguation)

Holbein may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18956862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956862" title="Southern Athletic Conference of Indiana">
Southern Athletic Conference of Indiana

The Southern Athletic Conference is an IHSAA-sanctioned athletic located within Clark Harrison and Jackson Counties in South Central Indiana. The conference began in 1974 as a four school conference, and grew to eight members within five years as other local conferences disbanded. The conference has lost two schools in the years since, both left for the Mid-Southern Conference. The Southern also had schools that had dual membership in other conferences at the same time, though by 1986, all of these schools entered full membership with a sole conference.

</doc>
<doc id="18956865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956865" title="Edmund O'Donnell">
Edmund O'Donnell

Edmund O'Donnell was the first Jesuit executed by the English government.
He was born at Limerick in 1542, executed at Cork, 16 March 1575. His family had held the highest civic offices in Limerick since the thirteenth century, and he was closely related to Father David Wolfe, Pope Pius IV's legate in Ireland. He entered the Society of Jesus at Rome, 11 September 1561, but, developing symptoms of Phthisis, was removed to Flanders. In 1564 he returned to Limerick and taught, with a secular priest and a layman, in the school which Wolfe established with connivance of the civic authorities. The school was dispersed in October, 1565, by soldiers sent by Sir Thomas Cusack, and, for a short time, they taught at Kilmallock. In a few months they returned to Limerick, and were not molested again until 1568, when Brady, Protestant Bishop of Meath, visited the city as royal commissioner and made diligent search for them. O'Donnell was ordered to quit the country under pain of death and withdrew to Lisbon, where he was again a student in 1572. Venturing back to Limerick in 1574 he was apprehended soon after landing, and thrown into prison. Rejecting all inducements to embrace Protestantism he was removed to Cork, tried for returning after banishment, denying the royal supremacy, and carrying letters for James Fitzmaurice. He was found guilty, and sentenced to be hanged, drawn and quartered.
He has been called McDonnell, MacDonald, Donnelly, and MacDonough and Donagh. Father Edmund Hogan, S.J., Historiographer of the Irish province, found him recorded as Edmundus Daniell in the Society's archives, and so the name usually appears in Limerick records, though as Dannel and O'Dannel. Copinger and Bruodin give the name as O'Donell (O'Donellus). The archives and a contemporary letter from Fitzmaurice confirm Bruodin's positive assertion that he suffered in 1575, not in 1580 as generally stated.

</doc>
<doc id="18956868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956868" title="Kerry Wyborn">
Kerry Wyborn

Kerry Wyborn (born 22 December 1977 in Auburn, New South Wales) is a softball player from Australia, who won a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics and a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="18956876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956876" title="Millard House">
Millard House

Millard House, also known as La Miniatura, is a textile block house designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and built in 1923 in Pasadena, California. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
Wright's textile block houses.
The Millard House was the first of Frank Lloyd Wright's four "textile block" houses — all built in Los Angeles County in 1923 and 1924. Wright took on the Millard House following his completion of the Hollyhock House in Hollywood and the Imperial Hotel in Japan.
By this time, Wright felt typecast as the Prairie house architect and sought to broaden his architectural vision. Wright turned to the concrete block as his new building material. Wright wrote in his autobiography that he chose to build with concrete blocks as they were "the cheapest (and ugliest) thing in the building world," and he wanted to see "what could be done with that gutter-rat." The textile-block houses were named for their richly textured brocade-like concrete walls. The style was an experiment by Wright in modular housing; he sought to develop an inexpensive and simple method of construction that would enable ordinary people to build their own homes with stacked blocks. By adding ornamental designs to mass-produced blocks, Wright hoped the blocks could become a "masonry fabric capable of great variety in architectural beauty." One writer has described Wright's concept this way: "By unifying decoration and function, exterior and interior, earth and sky — perforated blocks served as skylights — Wright saw his Textile Block Method approach as an utterly modern, and democratic, expression of his organic architecture ideal."
Design of Millard House.
Wright was commissioned to build Millard House by Alice Millard, a rare-book dealer for whom Wright had built a home in Highland Park, Illinois in 1906. Seeking to integrate the Millard House with the land, Wright designed the home to cling to the lot's steep ravine, nestled it among the trees, and fabricated the home's concrete blocks using sand, gravel and minerals found on the property. By using roughly textured, earth-toned blocks, he sought to blend the house with the color and form of the trees and hillside. While the design was in most ways a departure from Wright's prior work, it was consistent with his lifelong love of natural materials and his belief that buildings should complement their surroundings. He later said that Millard House "belonged to the ground on which it stood." 
The blocks were created in wooden molds with patterns on the outside and smooth on the inside. The blocks feature a symmetrical pattern of a cross with a square in each corner. Wright reinforced the blocks using conventional mortar. The project cost $17,000 — 70% more than the $10,000 budget Millard had given to Wright. Some accounts state that the builder walked off the job, "leaving Wright to finish the project himself, out of his own pocket."
The house consists of a vertical three-story block. The first floor has the kitchen, servant's room and a dining room opening onto a terrace with a reflecting pool. The second floor has the main entrance, guest room, and a two-story living room with a fireplace and balcony. The third floor contained Millard's bedroom with a balcony overlooking the living room and outdoor terrace.
Like many of Wright's homes, Millard House suffered from leaks during rains. After the house flooded in a storm, Millard wrote a letter to Wright complaining about the inadequate storm drain that resulted in the basement filling entirely with muddy water and the water rising to six inches (152 mm) in the dining room.
Millard added a separate studio in 1926, designed by Wright's son, Lloyd Wright.
Critical response.
The initial critical response to Millard House and the textile block structures was not positive. The homes were greeted with "howls of laughter", as Beaux Arts-trained architects were "appalled" to see a common building material used for the facades and interior walls of expensive homes. As "The New York Times" later said of the California houses built by Wright in the 1920s: "It didn’t help that he was obsessed at the time with an untested and (supposedly) low-cost method of concrete-block construction. What kind of rich person, many wondered, would want to live in such a house? Aside from the free-spirited oil heiress Aline Barnsdall, with whom he fought constantly, his motley clients included a jewelry salesman, a rare-book dealing widow and a failed doctor."
However, Wright himself took great pride in Millard House. He said of it: "I would rather have built this little house than St. Peter's in Rome." Over the years, critical views of Millard House became positive, and it is now considered one of Wright's finest works.
In 1965, the "Los Angeles Times" columnist Art Seidenbaum wrote: "Environmentally, the place is fascinating because it still looks modern in a neighborhood that is gracious but aging. Or, maybe better, the Millard house is of no time and its own place."
In 1969, Millard House was ranked as one of the 12 most significant landmarks in the Los Angeles area by a panel of ten distinguished citizens and architecture experts.
In 1980, "The New York Times" noted that the Millard House was known around the world and ranked it among the few buildings in Los Angeles that "have become classic works of the 20th Century."

</doc>
<doc id="18956889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956889" title="Right of Option">
Right of Option

In canon law, Right of Option is a way of obtaining a benefice or a title, by the choice of the new titulary himself. Many chapters enjoyed this right formerly and it is still the privilege of some: the canon, who has held his office for the longest time may, in conformity with the statutory regulation, resign the prebend he enjoys to accept another that has become vacant.
A second right of option existed in France before 1789: by virtue of a custom a prebendary, who was appointed to and had entered into possession of a benefice incompatible with one he already held, was entitled to select whichever of the two he preferred, when, according to the common law, he had already lost the incompatible benefice which he had previously held. The right of option still exists with regard to cardinalitial titles.

</doc>
<doc id="18956903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956903" title="Jodie Bowering">
Jodie Bowering

Jodie Bowering (born July 1982 in Queensland) is an Australian softball player. She is a physical education and health teacher who plays softball at the state, national and international level. In national competitions, she represents Queensland. As a member of Australia's 2008 team, she won a bronze medal in Beijing. She is a member of the 2012 national team and is attempting to secure a spot to compete at the 2012 ISF XIII Women's World Championships.
Personal.
Bowering was born in July 1982 in Queensland. She resides in the Boondall / Redcliffe, Queensland area. Her mother, Carol Draper, is a champion waterskier.
Bowering is a physical education and health teacher and taught at North Lakes State College in 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013. She took a year off between 2009 and 2010 when she worked for the Queensland government to help train physical education teachers.
Softball.
Bowering's mother got her involved with teeball as an eventual gateway to softball as a six year old. At the time, her mother was playing club softball. In 2008, she competed in the Queensland Open Women's State Championships where she played for the Brisbane side. She had a scholarship with and played for the Australian Institute of Sport team in 2008 and 2009. She represents Queensland in national competitions. In 2007, she represented the state in the Gilleys Shield. She was a member of the Queensland team in 2008. She was part of the 2012 side that finished third at the Gilleys Shield.
Bowering has represented Australia on the national level as a member of the Australia women's national softball team. She was with the team in 2007 and participated in a six game test series against China in the Redlands. This was her first international competition with the team. She won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and attended the welcome home Olympian parade in Adelaide. In March 2009, she participated in a Brisbane-based training camp. She was with the team in 2010 when they completed an 11 day tour of California. She represented Australia at the 2009 World Cup of Softball. Australia took home a silver in the competition. She was a member of the team that competed at the 2010 Women’s World Softball Championship. She is a member of the 2012 Australia women's national softball team. She participated in the March 2012 seven game test series against Japan in Canberra. She is on the short list of players to represent the country at the 2012 ISF XIII Women's World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18956911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956911" title="Dropping knowledge">
Dropping knowledge

Dropping Knowledge (styled "dropping knowledge") is a non-profit organization in the United States and Germany. In the US, "Dropping Knowledge International" is a project of the Tides Center, a non-profit fiscal sponsor and registered 501(c)3. In Germany, "Dropping Knowledge e.V." is an "Eingetragener Verein". Both organizations aim to foster discussion of the world's social and environmental problems. Founded in the US in 2003, the organization hosted a large discussion in Berlin on September 9, 2006.
The organization was founded by German filmmaker Ralf Schmerberg, American filmmaker Cindy Gantz, and American activist Jackie Wallace, originally as a response to the Iraq War, but from its inception aimed to be more than a mere "anti-movement": dropping knowledge became an interactive platform for questions, concerns and initiatives from around the world, as well as a meeting place for concerned world citizens striving to turn apathy into action.
The nine hour discussion, named The Table of Free Voices and overseen by German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, used a large round table on the Bebelplatz in Berlin. 112 international artists, philosophers, scientists and human rights activists were invited to simultaneously answer 100 selected questions, recorded by 112 cameras and microphones. The questions had been collected on the organization's website beginning in September 2005. The questions were read out loud by moderators Hafsat Abiola and Willem Dafoe. Prominent participants included Cornel West, Bianca Jagger, Hans-Peter Dürr, John Gage, Bill Joy, Harry Wu and Wim Wenders.
Transcripts and videos were later released on the project's website under a copyleft license, organized in a "Living Library" developed by the "Deutsche Forschungszentrum für Künstliche Intelligenz in Saarbrücken" (German Research Institute for Artificial Intelligence).
The cost of the event was 5 million Euros; initial funding came from the Wallace Foundation and The Mark and Sharon Bloome Fund, the Allianz insurance company contributed 2.7 million Euro in 2005, and Volkswagen also made a sizable donation.
dropping knowledge has also produced and is distributing several short films, all under the "dropping knowledge Copyleft License" which places some restrictions on commercial use: it forbids to use the content for commercial advertising.
Problema: The Film.
Ralf Schmerberg released a documentary film about the Table of Voices called "Problema", which is available to watch or download for free online. The film was directed and edited by Schmerberg and features not only selections from the 112 responses to the 100 questions, but also visual footage from various historical, news, documentary and artistic sources. Some of the visual footage included scenes from the films of Sergei Eisenstein, Godfrey Reggio, Abel Gance, Alain Resnais, Mohsen Makhmalbaf, Guy Debord, and Fritz Lang.

</doc>
<doc id="18956912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956912" title="Platform for Eastern Andalusia">
Platform for Eastern Andalusia

The Platform for Eastern Andalusia () is a Spanish organization with regionalist character, set up juridically as an association, created from a civic initiative in the provinces of Jaén, Granada and Almería, with the objective of forming an autonomous community including these three provinces.
Ideology.
The Platform for Eastern Andalusia is opposed to the unitary andalusianism by Blas Infante, which defends the administrative unity of whole Andalusia. This platform defends the effective autonomic decentralization and rejects the centralism of Andalusian Autonomous Government. It also rejects every form of new centralisms. This platform defends the conservation and promotion of the tradition and culture of the provinces of Jaén, Granada and Almería, that according with the members of this platform, have been ignored due to the cultural colonisation imposed from Seville. It supports the plurality of ideologies, without being defined into any position of the political spectrum.
History of the regionalist movement of Eastern Andalusia.
19th century.
In 1873, during the First Spanish Republic, a draft of Constitution was drawn up, which defined to Spain as a Federal Republic, made up by seventeen states with legislative, executive and judicial power. The first article of this draft says: 
In the latter years of the 19th century, with an ideology of liberalism latent among the regionalism of Granada, the jurist and journalist Paco Seco de Lucena and Juan Echevarría kept alive the idea of political community of Eastern Andalusia during the Restoration. They achieved the meeting of the Regionalist Assembly on 16th of May 1897 in the city hall of Granada, where important conferences and debates were offered in educated circles. Paco Seco de Lucena offered a conference titled "The Regionalism" on 6 of January 1898 in the Chamber of Commerce of Granada and he concluded that this one was the most guessed right way of giving solution to the local needs, in view of the approximation of the political management to the problems.
In 1898, the Spanish writer and diplomat Ángel Ganivet declared: 
Second Spanish Republic.
At the beginning of the 20th century, inside the Andalusian regionalism, there arose several regionalist voices who were claiming certain administrative cohesion of the Eastern Andalusian provinces, by means of the creation of an "Commonwealth of Eastern Andalusia" or "Commonwealth of the High Andalusia", like the Commonwealth of Catalonia. Nevertheless, up to the proclamation of the Second Spanish Republic and the promulgation of the , there was not opened the legal possibility of granting certain political autonomy to the Spanish regions. 
Taking refuge in this possibility that was allowed by the new constitution, the andalucists began to promote the political autonomy of Andalusia. In the Andalucist Assembly of Cordoba of 1933, in which there was debated a , the differences between the unitary andalusianism and the regionalism of Eastern Andalusia provoked the abandonment of the assembly on the part of the representatives of Almeria, Granada and Jaén.
Spanish transition to democracy.
During the Spanish transition, with the promulgation of the Constitution of 1978, there was re-opened in Spain the autonomous process initiated in the Second Republic and interrupted by the Civil War and the Franco's regime.
In case of Andalusia, the UCD was in opposition to initiating the autonomous process across the article 151, which the Constitution had established for the historical nationalities, defending the application of 143, which provided fewer autonomous competitions. Therefore the UCD called on to the abstention in the referendum that had to ratify the initiatives of the incipient Andalusian Autonomous Government. In this scenario, the UCD of Granada managed to create the flag of Eastern Andalusia, which used in regionalist demonstration that summoned under slogans as "Is Andalusia Seville? NOT, NOT, NOT" and "For the real autonomy".

</doc>
<doc id="18956926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18956926" title="Kylie Cronk">
Kylie Cronk

Kylie Cronk (born 27 March 1984 in Toowoomba, Queensland) is a softball player from Australia, who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics. Cronk currently lives in Rockhampton, Queensland and works for the Queensland Government.

</doc>
