<doc id="18949613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949613" title="Kingdom of the Netherlands">
Kingdom of the Netherlands

The Kingdom of the Netherlands ( ; ), commonly known as the Netherlands, is a sovereign state and constitutional monarchy with territory in western Europe and in the Caribbean. The four parts of the kingdomAruba, Curaçao, the Netherlands, and Sint Maartenare referred to as countries and participate on a basis of equality as partners in the kingdom. In practice, however, most of the kingdom affairs are administered by the Netherlands (which comprises roughly 98% of the kingdom's land area and population) on behalf of the entire kingdom, with Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten being dependent on the Netherlands.
The vast majority of the constituent country of the Netherlands (as well as the kingdom) is located in Europe, with the exception of its three special municipalities (Bonaire, Sint Eustatius, and Saba) that are located in the Caribbean. The constituent countries of Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten are located in the Caribbean as well.
History.
The Kingdom of the Netherlands finds its origin in the aftermath of Napoleon’s defeat in 1813. In that year, the Netherlands regained its freedom and the Sovereign Principality of the Netherlands was proclaimed with William Prince of Orange and Nassau as sovereign. Reunification with the Southern Netherlands, (roughly equivalent to what is now Belgium and Luxembourg) was decided in 1814. In March 1815, the Sovereign Prince adopted the style of "King of the Netherlands" and the Kingdom came into being. The King of the Netherlands was also Grand Duke of Luxembourg, a province of the Kingdom that was, at the same time, a Grand Duchy of the German Confederation.
In 1830, Belgium seceded from the Kingdom, a step that was recognised by the Netherlands only in 1839. At that point, Luxembourg became a fully independent country in a personal union with the Netherlands. Luxembourg also lost more than half of its territory to Belgium. To compensate the German Confederation for that loss, the remainder of the Dutch province of Limburg received the same status that Luxembourg had enjoyed before, as a Dutch province that at the same time formed a Duchy of the German Confederation. That status was reversed when the German Confederation ceased to be in 1867; and, at that point, Limburg reverted to its former status as an ordinary Dutch province, although the King of the Netherlands continues to use the additional title of Duke of Limburg.
The origin of the administrative reform of 1954 was the 1931 Westminster Statute and the 1941 Atlantic Charter (stating "the right of all peoples to choose the form of government under which they will live", and the desire for "a permanent system of general security"), which was signed by the Netherlands on 1 January 1942. Changes were proposed in the 7 December 1942 radio speech by Queen Wilhelmina. In this speech, the Queen, on behalf of the Dutch government in exile in London, expressed a desire to review the relations between the Netherlands and its colonies after the end of the war. After liberation, the government would call a conference to agree on a settlement in which the overseas territories could participate in the administration of the Kingdom on the basis of equality.
Initially, this speech had propaganda purposes; the Dutch government had the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia) in mind, and hoped to appease public opinion in the United States, which had become skeptical towards colonialism.
After Indonesia became independent, a federal construction was considered too heavy, as the economies of Suriname and the Netherlands Antilles were insignificant compared to that of the Netherlands. In the Charter for the Kingdom of the Netherlands, as enacted in 1954, Suriname and the Netherlands Antilles each got a Minister Plenipotentiary based in the Netherlands, who had the right to participate in Dutch cabinet meetings when it discussed affairs that applied to the Kingdom as a whole, when these affairs pertained directly to Suriname and/or the Netherlands Antilles. Delegates of Suriname and the Netherlands Antilles could participate in sessions of the First and Second Chamber of the States-General. An overseas member could be added to the Council of State when appropriate. According to the Charter, Suriname and the Netherlands Antilles were also allowed to alter their "Basic Law"s ("Staatsregeling"). The right of the two autonomous countries to leave the Kingdom, unilaterally, was not recognised; yet it also stipulated that the Charter could be dissolved by mutual consultation.
Before the Charter for the Kingdom of the Netherlands was proclaimed in 1954, Suriname, Netherlands New Guinea, and the Netherlands Antilles, formerly "Colony of Curaçao and subordinates" ("Kolonie Curaçao en Onderhorige Eilanden") were colonies of the Netherlands.
Suriname was a constituent country within the Kingdom from 1954 to 1975, while the Netherlands Antilles were a constituent country from 1954 until 2010. Suriname has since become an independent republic, and the Netherlands Antilles were dissolved into the constituent countries: Aruba (since 1986), Curaçao and Sint Maarten (since 2010), and the special municipalities of the Netherlands proper, Bonaire, Sint Eustatius, and Saba. Netherlands New Guinea was a dependent territory of the Kingdom until 1962, but was not an autonomous country, and was not mentioned in the Charter.
In 1955, Queen Juliana and Prince Bernhard visited Suriname and the Netherlands Antilles. The visit was a great success. The royal couple were welcomed enthusiastically by the local population, and the trip was widely reported in the Dutch press. Several other royal visits were to follow.
In 1969, an unorganised strike on the Antillean island of Curaçao resulted in serious disturbances and looting, during which a part of the historic city centre of Willemstad was destroyed by fire. Order was restored by Dutch marines. In the same year, Suriname saw serious political instability with the Surinamese prime minister, Jopie Pengel, threatening to request military support to break a teachers’ strike.
In 1973, a new Dutch cabinet under Labour leader Joop den Uyl assumed power. In the government policy statement, the cabinet declared a wish to determine a date for the independence of Suriname and the Netherlands Antilles with the government of those nations. The Antillean government was non-committal; the same held for the Surinamese Sedney cabinet (1969–1973). The Suriname 1973 elections brought the National Party Combination ("Nationale Partij Kombinatie") to power, with Henck Arron as its prime minister. The new government declared on its instatement that Suriname would be independent before 1976. This was remarkable, as independence had not been an issue during the election campaign. The Den Uyl government in The Hague now had a willing partner in Paramaribo to realise its plans for Surinamese independence. Despite vehement and emotional resistance by the Surinamese opposition, Den Uyl and Arron reached an agreement, and on 25 November 1975, Suriname became independent.
In January 1986, Aruba seceded from the Netherlands Antilles; therefore Aruba became a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. In October 2010, the Netherlands Antilles was dissolved, leaving Curaçao and Sint Maarten to become the newest constituent countries of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
Countries.
The Kingdom of the Netherlands currently consists of four constituent countries that form part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands on a basis of equality: the Netherlands, Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten. Note that there is a difference between the "Kingdom of the Netherlands" and the "Netherlands": the Kingdom of the Netherlands is the comprehensive sovereign state, while the Netherlands is one of its four countries. Three of the six Dutch Caribbean islands (Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten) each form one of the three remaining constituent countries, while the others (Bonaire, Sint Eustatius, and Saba) are actually part of the country of the Netherlands and are collectively known as the Caribbean Netherlands.
Netherlands.
The Netherlands is a representative parliamentary democracy organised as a unitary state. Its administration consists of the Monarch and the Council of Ministers, which is headed by a Prime Minister. The people are represented by the States-General of the Netherlands, which consists of a House of Representatives and a Senate. The Netherlands is divided into 12 provinces: Drenthe, Flevoland, Friesland, Gelderland, Groningen, Limburg, Noord-Brabant, Noord-Holland, Overijssel, Utrecht, Zeeland, and Zuid-Holland. The provinces are divided into municipalities. The Prime Minister of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte. The Netherlands has the euro as its currency, except in the special municipalities of the BES islands in the Caribbean, where the Netherlands Antillean guilder was replaced by the US dollar in 2011.
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius, and Saba.
The special municipalities of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius, and Saba (also referred to as the "BES islands") are part of the Netherlands proper but do not form part of a province. They resemble ordinary Dutch municipalities in most ways (with a mayor, aldermen, and a municipal council, for example) and are subject to the ordinary Dutch legislative process, although most of the laws of the former Netherlands Antilles are still in force as the result of an agreed "legislative restriction" until 2015. Residents of these three islands are also able to vote in Dutch national and European elections. There are, however, some derogations for these islands. Social security, for example, is not on the same level as it is in the Netherlands proper. In November 2008 it was decided to introduce the U.S. dollar in the three islands. The date of introduction was 1 January 2011. The Netherlands carries the risk of exchange rate fluctuations regarding cash flows between the state and the islands.
Aruba.
Aruba is a centralised unitary state. Its administration consists of the Governor, who represents the Monarch, and the (Aruban) Council of Ministers, headed by a Prime Minister. The people are represented in the Estates of Aruba. The Governor of Aruba is Fredis Refunjol, and the Prime Minister is Mike Eman. It has the Aruban florin as its currency.
Curaçao.
Curaçao is a centralised unitary state, with similar administrative characteristics to Aruba. It has the Netherlands Antillean guilder as its currency.
Sint Maarten.
Sint Maarten is a centralised unitary state, with similar administrative characteristics to Aruba. It has the Netherlands Antillean guilder as its currency.
Institutions.
Charter and constitutions.
The Constitutions of the Netherlands, Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten regulate the governance of their respective countries, but are subordinate to the Charter for the Kingdom of the Netherlands. The Netherlands Constitution also constitutes and regulates the institutions of the Kingdom that are mentioned in the Charter. The provisions in the Charter for these institutions are additional and are applicable for only the affairs of the Kingdom as described in the Charter, when they affect Aruba, Curaçao, or Sint Maarten directly. In cases where affairs of the Kingdom do not affect Aruba, Curaçao, or Sint Maarten, they are dealt with according to the provisions laid down in the Dutch Constitution. In these cases the Netherlands acts alone, according to its constitution and in its capacity as the Kingdom of the Netherlands. The other three countries cannot do the same for affairs of the Kingdom that only pertain to them and not to the Netherlands proper. In these cases, the provisions of the Charter prevail.
Changes in the Charter for the Kingdom of the Netherlands can only be made when all constituent countries agree.
Government.
The Monarch and the Ministers he appoints form the Government of the Kingdom. According to Article 7 of the Charter, the Council of Ministers of the Kingdom of the Netherlands consists of the Council of Ministers of the Netherlands complemented by one Minister Plenipotentiary of Aruba, one Minister Plenipotentiary of Curaçao, and one Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten. The Dutch Prime Minister chairs the Council of Ministers of the Kingdom.
In December 2007, a Deputy Council for Kingdom Relations was established. This deputy council prepares the meetings of the Council of Ministers of the Kingdom. The establishment of such a Council has long been advocated by the Council of State of the Kingdom.
The Government and the Council of Ministers of the Kingdom, along with the monarchy itself, are subject to Article 5 of the Charter that refers their regulation mainly to the Constitution for the Kingdom of the Netherlands as far as the Charter for the Kingdom of the Netherlands does not provide for that. However, the two roles these institutions have in the Netherlands proper and the Kingdom as a whole, are judicially separate.
Two legal instruments are available at the Kingdom level: the Kingdom act () and the Order-in-Council for the Kingdom (). An example of a Kingdom act is the "Kingdom Act regarding Dutch citizenship" ().
The Monarch of the Netherlands is the head of state of the Kingdom. The Monarch is represented in Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten by a governor.
The Netherlands was one of the first sovereign states to have an elected parliament.
Legislature.
The legislature of the Kingdom consists of the States-General of the Netherlands and the Government. Articles 14, 16 and 17 of the Charter give some participation to the parliaments of the Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten.
Council of State.
Article 13 of the Charter specifies that there is a Council of State of the Kingdom. It is (as all institutions of the Kingdom) regulated in the Constitution, but the Charter implies that at the request of Aruba, Curaçao, or Sint Maarten, a member from each of these islands can be included in the Council of State. Aruba is currently exercising this right. This has not always been the case; the Netherlands Antilles had no member until 1987 and Aruba had none until 2000. Sint Maarten's first member of the Council of State will be former Lieutenant Governor Dennis Richardson.
Judiciary.
The Hoge Raad der Nederlanden is the supreme court of the Kingdom by virtue of the Cassation regulation for the Netherlands Antilles and Aruba. The basis for this regulation is article 23 of the Charter. The second paragraph of that article specifies that if an overseas country of the Kingdom so request, the Kingdom Act should provide for an additional court member from that country. To date, neither Aruba, Curaçao, nor Sint Maarten has used this right.
According to Article 39 of the Charter, "civil and commercial law, the law of civil procedure, criminal law, the law of criminal procedure, copyright, industrial property, the office of notary, and provisions concerning weights and measures shall be regulated as far as possible in a similar manner in the Netherlands, Aruba, Curaçao and Sint Maarten". The Article further stipulates that when a drastic amendment of the existing legislation in regard to these matters is proposed, the proposal shall not be submitted to or considered by a representative assembly until the Governments in the other countries have had the opportunity to express their views on the matter.
Mutual arbitration between the constituent countries and the Kingdom.
In case of a conflict between a constituent country and the Kingdom, Article 12 of the Charter prescribes an administrative reconciliation procedure. This was often deemed a democratic deficit of the Kingdom, leading to the adoption of an amendment to the Charter, which entered into force on 10 October 2010. The new Article 12a specifies that in addition to the administrative reconciliation procedure, "by Kingdom Act measures shall be made allowing for the arbitration of certain conflicts, as specified by Kingdom Act, between the Kingdom and the countries." The imperative formulation was the result of an amendment in the Chamber of Representatives by special delegates Evelyna Wever-Croes and J.E. Thijsen of Aruba; the original formulation was "by Kingdom Act measures "can" be made".
The new Article 38a allows for measures to be made for arbitration between countries as well. In contrast with Article 12a, this article is not imperatively formulated.
Kingdom affairs.
Article 3 of the Charter specifies the Affairs of the Kingdom:
One additional Kingdom affair is specified in article 43(2):
Paragraph 2 of Article 3 specifies that "other matters may be declared to be Kingdom affairs in consultation".
These Kingdom affairs are only taken care of by the Council of Ministers of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, if the affair affects Aruba, Curaçao or St. Maarten. Article 14, paragraph 3, of the Charter, foresees the handling of Kingdom affairs in all other cases by the Netherlands.
On the basis of Article 38, the countries of the Kingdom can decide to adopt a Kingdom Act outside of the scope of the aforementioned Kingdom affairs. Such acts are referred to as Consensus Kingdom Acts, as they require the consent of the parliaments of Aruba, Curaçao and St. Maarten.
Foreign relations.
The Kingdom negotiates and concludes international treaties and agreements. Those that do not affect Aruba, Curaçao, and / or Sint Maarten directly, are dealt with by the provisions of the Constitution (in fact by the Netherlands alone). Article 24 of the Charter specifies that when an international treaty or agreement affects Aruba, Curaçao, or Sint Maarten, the treaty or agreement concerned shall be submitted to the representative assemblies of Aruba, Curaçao, or Sint Maarten. The article further specifies that when such a treaty or agreement is submitted for the tacit approval of the States-General of the Netherlands (), the Ministers Plenipotentiary may communicate their wish that the treaty or agreement concerned shall be subject to the express approval of the States-General.
Article 25 gives Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten the opportunity to opt-out from an international treaty or agreement. The treaty or agreement concerned then has to specify that the treaty or agreement does not apply to Aruba, Curaçao, or Sint Maarten.
Article 26 specifies that when Aruba, Curaçao, or Sint Maarten communicate their wish for the conclusion of an international economic or financial agreement that applies solely to the country concerned, the Government of the Kingdom shall assist in the conclusion of such an agreement, unless this would be inconsistent with the country's ties with the Kingdom.
Article 27 specifies the involvement of Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten in the preparations for a treaty or agreement that affects them and Article 28 specifies that Aruba, Curaçao, or Sint Maarten may, if they so desire, accede to membership of international organisations.
Among other affiliations, the state is also a founding member of NATO, OECD and WTO.
Constitutional nature.
Most scholars agree that it is difficult to group the constitutional arrangements of the Kingdom in one of the traditional models of state organisation, and consider the Kingdom to be a "sui generis" arrangement. Instead, the Kingdom is said to have characteristics of federal state, a confederation, a federacy, and a devolved unitary state.
The Kingdom's federal characteristics include the delineation of Kingdom affairs in the Charter, the enumeration of the constituting parts of the Kingdom in the Charter, the fact that the Charter subordinates the law of the constituting countries to the law of the Kingdom, the establishment of Kingdom institutions in the Charter, and the fact that the Kingdom has its own legislative instruments: the Kingdom act and the Order-in-Council for the Kingdom. Its confederal characteristics include the fact that the Charter can only be amended by consensus among the constituent countries; in most ordinary federations, the federal institutions themselves can change the constitution.
Characteristics that point more or less to a federacy include the fact that the functioning of the institutions of the Kingdom is governed by the Constitution of the Netherlands where the Charter does not provide for them. The Charter also does not provide a procedure for the enactment of Kingdom acts; articles 81 to 88 of the Constitution of the Netherlands also apply for Kingdom acts, be it with some additions and corrections stipulated in articles 15 to 22 of the Charter. The only Kingdom institution that requires the participation of the Caribbean countries in a mandatory way is the Council of Ministers of the Kingdom; both the Supreme Court and the Council of State of the Kingdom only include Caribbean members if one or more Caribbean countries ask for it, and the Caribbean countries are almost completely excluded from participating in the Kingdom's legislature. They can, however, participate in the drafting of a Kingdom act and their Ministers Plenipotentiary can oppose a Kingdom act otherwise supported by the Kingdom government in front of the Kingdom's parliament. Furthermore, according to article 15 of the Charter, the Ministers Plenipotentiary can request the Kingdom parliament to introduce a draft Kingdom act.
Last, but not least, the Netherlands can, according to article 14 of the Charter, conduct Kingdom affairs on its own if conducting such affairs does not affect Aruba, Curaçao, or Sint Maarten. Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten do not have this right.
A characteristic that points to a devolved unitary state is the ability of the Kingdom government, according to article 50 of the Charter, to render a legislative or administrative measure of one of the Caribbean countries void if it is inconsistent with the Charter, an international agreement, a Kingdom act, an Order-in-Council for the Kingdom, or if it regulates an otherwise Kingdom affair.
The constitutional structure of the Kingdom is summarised by constitutional scholar C. Borman, in an often-cited definition, as follows:
Constitutional scholar C.A.J.M. Kortmann speaks of an "association of countries that has characteristics of a federation, yet one of its own kind." Belinfante and De Reede do speak about a "federal association" without any reservations.
Comparisons.
Despite being of a "sui juris" constitutional nature, some other states have similar properties. In particular, the Kingdom of Denmark consists of Denmark, Greenland, and the Faroe Islands, while the Realm of New Zealand consists of New Zealand, the Cook Islands, Niue, Tokelau, and the Ross Dependency. These comparisons are not exact; for instance, aside from the Queen of New Zealand, there is no constitutional structure shared between New Zealand, the Cook Islands, and Niue.
Other states also have multiple territories, but such territories are distinct. Some states, such as the United Kingdom and its overseas territories, as well as the United States and its insular areas, do not consider their external territories as integral parts of the state.
Other states, such as the Commonwealth of Australia, do treat their external territories as integral components, but have only one country/nationality level equivalent to the state.
Relationship with the European Union.
The Kingdom of the Netherlands is a founding member state of the European Union. Although originally both Suriname and the Netherlands Antilles were explicitly excluded from association with the European Economic Community by means of a special protocol attached to the Treaty of Rome, at the time of signature of the Treaty establishing the European Economic Community, to define the scope of the provisions of Article 227 of this Treaty in respect of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, upon the following provisions, which shall be annexed to this Treaty:The Government of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, by reason of the constitutional structure of the Kingdom resulting from the Statute of 29 December 1954, shall, by way of derogation from Article 227, be entitled to ratify the Treaty on behalf of the Kingdom in Europe and Netherlands New Guinea only.Done at Rome this twenty-fifth day of March in the year one thousand nine hundred and fifty-seven.", in: cvce.eu – Treaty establishing the EEC - Protocol on the application of the Treaty establishing the EEC to the non-European parts of the Kingdom of the Netherlands (1957)</ref> the status of Suriname as an overseas country (OCT) of the Community was established by a Supplementary Act completing the instrument of ratification of the Kingdom of the Netherlands on 1 September 1962. The Convention on the association of the Netherlands Antilles with the European Economic Community entered into force on 1 October 1964, signalling the attainment of OCT status by the Netherlands Antilles.
Currently, all Caribbean islands, including the BES islands that are part of the Netherlands proper, are OCTs. Since citizenship is a Kingdom affair, and is thus not distinguished for the four countries, citizens from all four countries are also citizens of the European Union.
Constitutional reform of the Netherlands Antilles.
In 2004, a joint commission proposed major reforms for the Netherlands Antilles. On 11 October and 2 November 2006, agreements were signed between the Dutch government and the governments of each island that would put into effect the commission's findings by 15 December 2008. The reform took effect on 10 October 2010. Under these reforms, the Netherlands Antilles were dissolved and Curaçao and Sint Maarten became constituent countries within the Kingdom of the Netherlands, obtaining the same status as Aruba which seceded from the Netherlands Antilles in 1986.
The BES islands (i.e., Bonaire, Saba, and Sint Eustatius) became direct parts of the Netherlands, which is itself the major constituent country of the Kingdom. As special municipalities, they were constituted as "public bodies" () under the Constitution for the Kingdom of the Netherlands. These municipalities resemble ordinary Dutch municipalities in most ways (e.g., they will have mayors, aldermen, and municipal councils) and will have to introduce most laws of the Netherlands. As a transitional measure, only law applicable to the Netherlands that is considered to be necessary to function within the legal system of the Netherlands was introduced, and most laws of the Netherlands Antilles remained in force when the BES islands they joined the Netherlands on 10 October 2010. Since that date, Dutch legislation is projected to slowly replace Netherlands Antilles laws. Nevertheless, some derogations will persist: E.g., Social security will not be on the same level as in the European part of the Netherlands, and it is uncertain whether the islands will introduce the euro.
The special municipalities will be represented in the affairs of the Kingdom by the Netherlands, as they can vote for the Dutch parliament. The current Dutch voting law specifies that the Senate is to be chosen by the provinces; however, the BES islands currently are not part of any province, and it is as yet unsure how they will elect members in the Senate. The Dutch government has guaranteed that the people on the islands will be able to elect Senate members, and is considering options for this.
The Netherlands has proposed to conducted a study on the BES islands acquiring the status of Outermost Regions (OMR), also called Ultra Peripheral Regions (UPR). The study would also look into how the islands would fare under UPR status.
Distinction between the Netherlands and the Kingdom.
Outside the Kingdom of the Netherlands, "Netherlands" is used as the English short-form name to describe the Kingdom of the Netherlands. At the United Nations, for example, the Kingdom is identified in the General Assembly by its English short-form name "Netherlands", whereas the English long-form name "Kingdom of the Netherlands" may be used in place of the name "Netherlands" in formal UN documentation. International treaties, also, frequently shorten "Kingdom of the Netherlands" to "Netherlands." The Dutch name that is commonly used is "Nederland", which is a singular form, whereas both the official Dutch name "Koninkrijk der Nederlanden" and the English "(Kingdom of the) Netherlands" is a plural form. In Dutch practice, however, "Kingdom of the Netherlands" is shortened to "Kingdom" and not to "Netherlands", as the latter name could be confused with the Kingdom's principal constituent country rather than with the Kingdom in its Charter capacity. The Charter for the Kingdom of the Netherlands also shortens "Kingdom of the Netherlands" to "Kingdom" rather than to "Netherlands".
Apart from the fact that referring to the Kingdom of the Netherlands as the "Netherlands" can be confusing, the term "Kingdom" is also used to prevent any feelings of ill will that could be associated with the use of the term "Netherlands." The use of the term "Netherlands" for the Kingdom as a whole might imply that Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten are not equal to the Kingdom's country in Europe and that the three island countries have no say in affairs pertaining to the Kingdom but are instead subordinate to the European country. Though the influence of the islands in Kingdom affairs is limited, it certainly exists.
Talking about the negotiation tactics of then Minister for Kingdom Affairs Alexander Pechtold, ChristenUnie leader and then demissionair Deputy Prime Minister of the Netherlands André Rouvoet illustrated the sensitivity in this matter by remarking in the "House of Representatives" that "[...] the old reproof that constantly characterised the relationship between the Netherlands and the Antilles immediately surfaced again. The Netherlands identifies the Kingdom with the Netherlands and dictates. The Netherlands Antilles can like it or lump it." In addition, the "Werkgroep Bestuurlijke en Financiële Verhoudingen Nederlandse Antillen"—the commission that explored the current constitutional reform of the Kingdom—recommended that the "identification of the Netherlands with the Kingdom needs to be eliminated". The Council of State of the Kingdom joins the commission in this by remarking that the Kingdom of the Netherlands has no telephone number, no budget and that the Council of Ministers of the Kingdom usually meets very briefly with a summary agenda. To counter this habit, the Council of State has suggested that with the pending constitutional reform in the Kingdom, a Secretariat for the Kingdom will be instituted that prepares the agenda for the Council of Ministers of the Kingdom and guards the enforcement of decisions of the Council.
Geography.
The Kingdom of the Netherlands covers . The Kingdom of the Netherlands has land borders with Belgium, Germany (both in the Netherlands), and France (on Saint Martin).
About one quarter of the Netherlands lies below sea level, as much land has been reclaimed from the sea. Dikes were erected to protect the land from flooding. Previously, the highest point of the Netherlands was the Vaalserberg in Limburg at only , but with the constitutional reform of 10 October 2010 this changed as Saba became part of the Netherlands as a special municipality, and its Mount Scenery () took the place of the Vaalserberg.
The Caribbean parts of the Kingdom consist of two zones with different geographic origins. The Windward Islands (Saba, Sint Eustatius and Sint Maarten) are all of volcanic origin and hilly, leaving little ground suitable for agriculture. The Leeward Islands (Aruba, Bonaire and Curaçao) have a mixed volcanic and coral origin.
The Caribbean islands have a tropical climate, with warm weather all year round. The Windward Islands are subject to hurricanes in the summer months. The European part of the Netherlands has a moderate maritime climate, with cool summers and mild winters.

</doc>
<doc id="18949622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949622" title="1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Women's 100 metre backstroke">
1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Women's 100 metre backstroke

These are the official results of the Women's 100 metres Backstroke event at the 1993 FINA Short Course World Championships held in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18949637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949637" title="Henry IV, Count of Bar">
Henry IV, Count of Bar

Henry IV of Bar (between 1315 and 1320–1344) was count of Bar from 1336 to 1344. His aunt, Joan of Bar, Countess of Surrey, governed Bar in his name during his minority. He was the son of Edward I of Bar and his wife Marie of Burgundy. He married Yolande of Dampierre (died 1395), a granddaughter of Robert III, Count of Flanders. Both his children (Edward II of Bar and Robert I of Bar) succeeded him as count.

</doc>
<doc id="18949639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949639" title="Olaf the Peacock">
Olaf the Peacock

Olaf the Peacock (Old Norse: Ólafr Pái) or Olaf Hoskuldsson (Ólafr Höskuldsson) (c. 938–1006) was a merchant and chieftain of the early Icelandic Commonwealth, who was nicknamed "the Peacock" because of his proud bearing and magnificent wardrobe. He is a major character in the "Laxdæla saga" and is mentioned in a number of other Icelandic sources. The son of a slave woman, Olaf became one of the wealthiest landowners in Iceland and played a major role in its politics and society during the latter half of the tenth century. In addition to the "Laxdaela Saga" in which he takes a leading role, Olaf also is mentioned in "Egils saga", "Njáls saga", "Gunnlaugs saga", "Kormáks saga", "Grettirs saga" and the "Landnámabók", among others.
Birth and upbringing.
Olaf was the son of Hoskuld Dala-Kollsson, a chieftain who lived in the Laxardal region. According to "Laxdaela Saga", Hoskuld purchased a mute thrall-woman from a Rus' merchant on Brännö while on a trading expedition to Norway, and made her his concubine while away from his wife Jorunn Bjarnadottir. When Hoskuld returned home to Iceland, he took the concubine with him. Despite Jorunn's irritation, the concubine was accepted into Hoskuld's household, though he remained faithful to Jorunn while in Iceland. The following winter the concubine gave birth to a son, to whom they gave the name Olaf after Hoskuld's uncle, Olaf Feilan, who had recently died. "Landnámabók" mentions that Hoskuld and Melkorka had another son, Helgi, but he does not appear in "Laxdæla".
According to "Laxdæla saga", Olaf was a precocious child, and could speak and walk perfectly by the age of two. One day Hoskuld discovered Olaf's mother speaking to her son; she was not, in fact, mute. When he confronted her she told him that she was an Irish princess named Melkorka carried off in a Viking raid, and that her father was an Irish king named "Myrkjartan" (Muirchertach). Shortly thereafter squabbling between Jorunn and Melkorka forced Hoskuld to move his concubine and his son by her to a different farm, which thereafter was known as Melkorkustaðir.
At the age of seven, over his mother's objections, Olaf became the foster son and heir of a wealthy but childless "goði" named Thord, who was at the time engaged in complex litigation with the kinsmen of his ex-wife Vigdis Ingjaldsdottir (another descendent of Thorstein the Red). Olaf's adoption complicated the issues in the suit and threatened to lead to a blood feud, but Hoskuld arranged a settlement and compensated Vigdis' kinsmen with gifts. By fostering Olaf Thord gained the protection of the powerful Hoskuld, and Hoskuld secured an inheritance for his illegitimate son beyond the limited amount he was permitted to leave to Olaf under Icelandic law. Olaf accompanied Thord to the Althing when he was twelve years old, and his fancy clothing earned him the admiring nickname "the Peacock."
Career abroad.
Around 956, Olaf, at Melkorka's urging, decided to go abroad to seek his fortune. Hoskuld was opposed and would not provide trade wares, and the property of Olaf's foster-father Thord was mostly in immobile goods and land. In part to arrange financing for his expedition, his mother Melkorka married Thorbjorn the Feeble, a farmer who had previously assisted her in the management of Melkorkustead. Melkorka and Thorbjorn had a son named Lambi.
Olaf sailed to Norway with Orn, a sea-captain and hirdman of King Harald Greycloak. He gained great honor at Harald's court, and was a favorite of the king's mother Gunnhild, who had, according to Icelandic sources, been the lover of Olaf's uncle Hrut Herjolfsson. When Olaf expressed a desire to find his mother's people in Ireland, Gunnhild financed his voyage.
Olaf set sail for Ireland with Orm to find his mother's people, taking with him tokens and gifts from Melkorka to her father and her nursemaid. During the voyage, their ship became lost in a fog. When the fog lifted, an argument arose between Orn and most of the rest of Olaf's men about the proper course to reach Ireland. When ask if the decision should be put to a vote of the majority, Olaf is supposed to have said, "I want only the shrewdest to decide; in my opinion the counsel of fools is all the more dangerous the more of them there are." With those words, the matter was accepted as settled, and Orn took charge of the navigation. 
Upon arriving in Ireland they were stranded far outside the protection of the Norse–Gaelic longphorts. The ship was attacked by local Irishmen, despite the efforts of Olaf, who spoke the Gaelic language, to negotiate safe passage with them.
As luck would have it, the local king arrived on the scene, and proved to be Olaf's alleged grandfather Myrkjartan. Olaf remained with Myrkjartan for a time, and the king, according to "Laxdaela Saga", even offered to make Olaf his heir. Olaf, however, ultimately returned to Norway, afraid of provoking Myrkjartan's sons. Olaf returned to the court of King Harald, where he was greatly honored by both the king and his mother Gunnhild.
Return to Iceland.
Olaf returned home around 957 with great wealth. Upon his return, his father Hoskuld arranged a marriage for him with Thorgerd Egilsdottir, the daughter of Egill Skallagrímsson. Thorgerd was initially reluctant to marry the son of a slave, refusing to believe that Olaf's mother was a princess. However, she ultimately agreed to the match after an hours-long private conversation with Olaf. At the wedding Olaf gave Egil an ornate sword from Ireland.
Olaf and Thorgerd lived happily together at Hoskuldstead for some time. Around 962 Olaf's foster father Thord died, leaving Olaf his property and goðorð Olaf bought land and built a new homestead at Hjardarholt, which, according to the saga, he had to cleanse of the draugr of its former owner, Killer-Hrapp. As time went on people began to settle near Olaf's hall and regarded him as their "goði". Olaf's ever-increasing wealth caused jealousy from Hoskuld's wife Jorunn. Around the same time Olaf and Thorgerd had a daughter, Thurid. Hjardarholt was renowned for its rich decorations; some two decades later, the skald Úlfr Uggason composed the famous poem Húsdrápa, about certain mythological scenes illustrated on the walls of Olaf's hall.
Olaf's half-sister Hallgerd Hoskuldsdottir married Gunnar Hámundarson, a chieftain who lived at Hlíðarendi in southern Iceland, during this period. Olaf and Gunnar became close friends.
Hoskuld died around 965, leaving Olaf a full mark of gold, causing tension between Olaf and Hoskuld's legitimate sons, Bard and Thorleik. As an illegitimate son, Olaf was entitled to one mark of his father's wealth; this was, however, customarily understood to be a mark of silver and not gold. Olaf eased the tension by paying one-third of the communal funeral feast for Hoskuld.
Olaf and Thorgerd had a number of children after Thurid, the sons Kjartan (named after King Myrkjartan), Steinthor, Halldor, Helgi, and Hoskuld and the daughters Thorbjorg, Thorgerd and Berghora. The ill-fated Kjartan would be his father's favorite.
Second expedition to Norway and aftermath.
Around 975, over his wife's objections, Olaf went on a second expedition to Norway. There he stayed with a Viking named Geirmund the Noisy and visited Haakon Jarl, the latter of whom gave him a cargo of timber to take home as a gift. On his return Olaf reluctantly brought Geirmund with him. and Geirmund fell in love with Olaf's daughter Thurid. Though Olaf was opposed to the match, Geirmund bribed Thorgerd to be his advocate, and Olaf relented. The marriage was an unhappy one, and after three years Geirmund decided to return home without leaving any money for the support of his ex-wife and daughter. Enraged, Thurid boarded his ship before he departed, stole his famous sword "Leg-Biter," and left their infant daughter Groa on the ship. Geirmund cursed the sword, and on his return to Norway he and all of his shipmates, including little Groa, were drowned.
Later years.
During the closing years of the tenth century, Olaf's kinsman and friend Gunnar became embroiled in a blood feud with several neighboring landowners. A settlement was reached whereby Gunnar would accept "lesser outlawry," a three-year exile, but after agreeing to the settlement Gunnar refused to leave Iceland. Olaf tried to protect his kinsman but was unsuccessful, and Gunnar was killed by his enemies.
Olaf's favorite son Kjartan traveled abroad with his beloved cousin Bolli Þorleiksson. The two were very close. Ultimately, however, they grew apart when Bolli married Kjartan's lover Guðrún Ósvífrsdóttir. According to Oddr Snorrason, Olaf had predicted that strife would ensue between Kjartan and Bolli. Tensions between the cousins grew until a full-blown blood feud ended with Kjartan being killed by Bolli in 1003. Ironically, Bolli killed Kjartan with the sword "Leg-biter," which had been given to him as a gift by his cousin Thurid, Kjartan's sister. Olaf refused to prosecute Bolli for the killing, and arranged for him to pay a fine instead; by sharp contrast, he had Gudrun's brothers, who had goaded Bolli to fight his cousin, driven into exile.
Jesse Byock contrasted Olaf's magnanimity towards Bolli with the blood feud mentality of his wife Thorgerd:
Olaf knows that Kjartan, who was involved in a love triangle with Bolli and Bolli's wife Gudrun Osvifrsdottir, caused his own downfall by acting aggressively. In Icelandic terms, Kjartan had surpassed the acceptable limits of immoderation. Whereas Olaf wants to maintain the solidarity of the larger family, keeping workable relations with his siblings and their children, Thorgerd's concerns are different. She focuses more narrowly on the honour of her nuclear family.
Olaf died in 1006, and Olaf's widow Thorgerd subsequently directed a number of revenge-killings herself, including that of Thorkel, a man who had witnessed Kjartan's death but been indifferent to it and had not intervened. Bolli was killed by Olaf's sons and their allies in a raid led by Thorgerd. Some twelve years later, Gudrun, with the help of her friend Snorri Goði, had a number of Bolli's murderers killed in revenge.

</doc>
<doc id="18949643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949643" title="Saeculo Exeunte">
Saeculo Exeunte

Saeculo Exeunte is an encyclical of Pope Pius XII in which he honors Portugal at the celebration of its 800th anniversary. A large part of the encyclical deals with the missionary activities of Portugal and the need to modernize missionary work. It was given at Rome, June 13, 1940, in the second year of his Pontificate. 
Summary.
The Pontiff reviews Portuguese history, mentioning among others explorers like Henry the Navigator and Vasco Da Gama, who took missionaries along while making discoveries: Their illustrious example greatly inspired the Catholic world, including the spirited citizens of your fatherland, to promote more widely the works of the apostolate. Alphonsus of Albuquerque and John de Castro governed the Portuguese colonies, giving protection and assistance to the Catholic missionaries. 
But now there is a shortage of missionary priests especially in Africa. The pope recommends missionary societies such as "Portuguese Society for the Promotion of the Catholic Foreign Missions," in order to improve the quality of preparation and training and interaction among clergy in missions. The selection of decent candidates is of special concern to Pius XII, who suggests that only persons with perfect character aptitudes should be sent. He appeals to the people of Portugal, to support their missionaries generously. He entrusts them and all of Portugal to the protection of Our Lady of Fatima, who, as Pius XII said in a radio address, may have aided in keeping Portugal out of World War II . 
Significance.
World War II meant drastic reductions in Catholic missionary activities, as nationals from belligerent nations were either interned or expelled in Africa and Asia. Portugal was a neutral country and its missionaries could work relatively free from political reprisals. Therefore, Pius XII turned to Portugal in 1940, as one of the few Catholic countries which could help to limit the consequences of the war in the missions. 

</doc>
<doc id="18949644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949644" title="James Burton Coffman">
James Burton Coffman

James Burton Coffman (May 24, 1905 – June 30, 2006) was "one of the most influential figures among Churches of Christ in the 20th century." He was known, especially during the second half of the 20th century, throughout the Churches of Christ for his exhaustive writing and study of Old Testament and New Testament scriptures. Throughout his life he served as a preacher, teacher, author, and community leader. Most of his career defined him as a teacher and administrator in school systems, congregational contexts, and even as a military chaplain.
Ministry.
Throughout thirty years of congregational ministry, Coffman served and preached at the Central Church of Christ in Houston, Texas, and at the Manhattan Church of Christ in New York City, New York. He also served for a short time in the District of Columbia. His contributions were considerable in every setting to which he devoted himself. He helped the Central Church of Christ build a facility on Montrose Boulevard. In New York, Coffman initiated The Manhattan Project, in which he helped to raise more than $1 million to build the first facility for the Churches of Christ in New York County on what happened to be the most expensive real estate in the world. Coffman noted that "For 100 years, Churches of Christ in (New York City) have worshipped in converted residences, lodge halls, mortuaries, theaters and other make-shift facilities. A hundred years is long enough to prove that success cannot be attained by such means." Manhattan Church of Christ still stands and serves on the Upper East Side today.
Later serving as a chaplain in the United States Armed Forces, Coffman held many gospels meetings internationally. He also formed an initiative to increase the number of personnel serving as United States Air Force chaplains from the Churches of Christ. He is also known for conducting hundreds of gospel meetings throughout the United States.
He spent a year as vice-president of Harding University in Searcy, Arkansas. He received honorary degrees from Abilene Christian University, Pepperdine University and Magic Valley Christian College.
Authorship.
Coffman is the well-known author of a 37-volume verse-by-verse commentary series, including every book in the Protestant Bible, which he finished in 1992. It is sold internationally, and serves as an amalgamation of many varying interpretations laid side-by-side for study along with a careful collection of research into the historical backgrounds of the biblical text. His commentary series and biography can be found at Coffman Commentaries.
His five-part collection of memoirs is available through Abilene Christian University's Center for Restoration Studies.
Education.
B.A. Abilene Christian University (1927)

</doc>
<doc id="18949651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949651" title="Shamordino">
Shamordino

Shamordino may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18949654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949654" title="Pena (footballer)">
Pena (footballer)

Renivaldo Pereira de Jesus (born 19 February 1974 in Vitória da Conquista, Bahia), aka Pena, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Serrano Sport Club as a striker.
Football career.
After playing in modest clubs in his country, Pena had his first taste of European football in 1998, but only lasted a few months with Grasshopper Club Zürich, moving then to Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras.
In 2000 he signed with F.C. Porto, where he was the top goalscorer in the league in his first season with 22 goals, while also adding the cup. After falling out with club coach Octávio Machado, Pena was loaned to RC Strasbourg in France, where he failed to settle; two other loans ensued, and the player experienced some success at both Sporting Clube de Braga and Club Sport Marítimo.
Released by Porto in June 2005, Pena returned to Brazil. After a spell with Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas, he saw out his career with modest sides.

</doc>
<doc id="18949656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949656" title="Charles Beaumont Phipps">
Charles Beaumont Phipps

Sir Charles Beaumont Phipps (27 December 1801 – 24 February 1866), was a British soldier and courtier.
He was the second son of Henry Phipps, 1st Earl of Mulgrave, and was born at the family estate of Mulgrave Castle in 1801. Educated at Harrow, Phipps joined the army by purchasing a commission as an ensign and lieutenant in the Scots Fusilier Guards on 17 August 1820. He ranked as lieutenant and captain by 1 January 1828, when he was made adjutant. In 1832, his brother Constantine, then 2nd Earl of Mulgrave, was appointed Governor of Jamaica, and Charles accompanied him as his private secretary. Mulgrave left the governorship in 1834, and was appointed Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in 1835; Phipps continued with him to act as steward of his official household. On 25 June 1835, he married Margaret Anne Bathurst (d. 1874). The two had four children, including Harriet Lepel Phipps, a confidential attendant to Queen Victoria. He purchased a commission as captain and lieutenant-colonel on 26 May 1837.
On 1 August 1846, Phipps was appointed an Equerry in Ordinary to Queen Victoria, succeeding Charles George James Arbuthnot, and hereafter was much in the royal household. He was appointed private secretary to Prince Albert on 1 January 1847, and went on half-pay from the Army later that month as a lieutenant-colonel. On October 10, 1849, Phipps replaced George Edward Anson as Keeper of the Privy Purse, Treasurer and Cofferer to the Prince of Wales, and Treasurer to Prince Albert, resigning his post as private secretary.
He was promoted colonel (unattached) in 1851. He received the CB on 9 September 1853 and retired from the army the following year. In 1858, he received the KCB. Phipps was much in the confidence of Victoria and Albert, and aided Charles Grey in his duties as Private Secretary to the Sovereign after the death of Albert in 1861. He was appointed Receiver-General of the Duchy of Cornwall on 26 May 1862, and was appointed to the Council of the Prince of Wales on 27 January 1863. On 8 February 1864, he received the additional offices of Secretary, Chamberlain and Receiver-General and Keeper of the Signet to the Prince of Wales as Prince and Steward of Scotland. Phipps died of bronchitis at St James's Palace on 24 February 1866, and was buried in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle on 2 March 1866.

</doc>
<doc id="18949659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949659" title="Dora Barton">
Dora Barton

Dora Barton (1884–1966) was an actress who appeared in films between 1916 and 1938.
She was the daughter of actress Mary Barton and the sister of actress Naomi Barton. She married Anthony Caton Woodville in 1908 but they later divorced.

</doc>
<doc id="18949661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949661" title="Edward II, Count of Bar">
Edward II, Count of Bar

Edward II of Bar (1339 – May 1352) was Henry IV of Bar's eldest son and successor as count of Bar (with Edward's mother Yolande of Flanders ruling as count during his minority, which ended on 10 October 1349). He had no male issue and was succeeded as count by his younger brother Robert I of Bar.

</doc>
<doc id="18949666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949666" title="Moe Z. Win">
Moe Z. Win

Moe Z. Win (, ) is a Burmese-American mathematician and electrical engineer known for his work in wireless communications. He is currently a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 
His awards and recognitions include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18949667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949667" title="Edge of Darkness (2010 film)">
Edge of Darkness (2010 film)

Edge of Darkness is a 2010 American crime thriller film directed by Martin Campbell and also produced by Michael Wearing, starring Mel Gibson.
It was based on the 1985 BBC television series "Edge of Darkness". This was Gibson's first screen lead since "Signs", which was released in late 2002.
"Edge of Darkness" follows a detective (Gibson) investigating the murder of his activist daughter (Bojana Novakovic), while uncovering political conspiracies and cover-ups in the process.
Plot.
By moonlight, three bodies float to the surface of the Western Massachusetts stretch of the Connecticut River. At South Station, Boston, police homicide detective Thomas Craven (Mel Gibson) picks up his daughter, Emma (Bojana Novakovic), coming home to visit. She vomits while getting into the car. At home, as Craven prepares dinner, Emma's nose starts to bleed, she vomits again, and becomes frantic, saying that she needs to see a doctor and tell Craven something.
On their home's porch, as they hurriedly leave to go to the hospital, a masked gunman below yells "Craven!" and then fires simultaneous shotgun blasts at Emma before escaping. She dies in her father's arms.
After identifying the body at the medical examiner's office, he takes a sample of Emma's hair as a memento.
Then, though everyone assumes Craven was the gunman's target, when he finds Emma had a .45 pistol in her night stand, he starts to suspect that possibly Emma was the intended target. At the police station, he checks the gun's ownership and finds that it belongs to her boyfriend David (Shawn Roberts).
David is living in fear of a company called Northmoor, where Emma worked. She discovered that Northmoor, a research and development facility under contract to the U.S. government, was secretly manufacturing nuclear weapons using foreign material and foreign specifications. The weapons were intended to be traced to foreign nations if they were used as dirty bombs. 
Craven incidentally discovers Emma's hair sample is radioactive. (It is later shown that following the failed break-in at Northmoor by the activists seen dead at the opening, Emma was poisoned with thallium through a bottle of organic milk).
Burning her clothing in his backyard, Craven encounters Jedburgh (Ray Winstone), a British "consultant" tasked with preventing the disclosure of Emma's information, dealing with Craven however he sees fit. Jedburgh takes a liking to Craven, leaving him to investigate. Craven repeatedly imagines he hears and sees his daughter, even having short conversations and interactions with her (typically as the happy young child he remembers and loves).
Craven has several encounters with Northmoor agents. He eventually discovers through one of Emma's friends, an activist who is nearly killed by another of Northmoor's agents, that Jack Bennett (Danny Huston), head of Northmoor, ordered the murder of Craven's daughter, as well as the activists Emma was working with to steal evidence of the illegal nuclear weapons. Northmoor personnel kill a hitman marked as a fall guy after he is set up for killing Emma.
Craven confronts lawyer and Massachusetts U.S. Senator Jim Pine (Damian Young), contacted earlier by Emma, revealing that Craven knows almost everything that happened. After examining his fridge with a Geiger counter Craven discovers that his milk has been contaminated, most likely with the poison used on his daughter. His fellow detective and friend, Bill (Jay O. Sanders), comes to Craven's home while the Northmoor agents break into the house. Craven realizes that Bill set him up. The agents taser and kidnap Craven. He wakes up handcuffed to a gurney in the Northmoor facility, but manages to escape.
His health deteriorating rapidly from the poison, Craven goes to Bennett's house. He kills the Northmoor agents, first ordering one at gunpoint to scream the name "Craven", identifying him as Emma's killer. Craven is then shot by Bennett, but Craven also wounds Bennett with a shot, then manages to force some of the radioactive milk down Bennett's throat. A gagging Bennett frantically runs to his kitchen cabinet to get pills to counteract the radioactivity, but Craven drags himself to the kitchen and fatally shoots Bennett.
Craven is hospitalized for the gunshot wounds and radiation poisoning. Jedburgh, suffering from an unrelated terminal illness, meets with the Senator and two political advisers who had hired him to handle Craven. They want to spin the Northmoor incident in a positive light. Jedburgh suggests an assassination attempt on the Senator could be an angle to drive Bennett's death out of the headlines. They are pleased with this idea until Jedburgh abruptly pulls out a gun and shoots both advisers and the senator dead.
A young Massachusetts State Police officer nervously enters the Senator's home. Jedburgh points his gun at the officer, but asks if he has a family and kids. When the officer says yes, Jedburgh lowers his gun to face an honorable death. He is immediately shot dead by the officer.
As Craven lies dying in the hospital, a young reporter for the local FOX TV station WFXT, who spoke to Craven a few nights earlier at his home, opens a letter from him with DVDs (recorded by Emma) revealing the conspiracy, with Craven's "good luck" wishes, ensuring Northmoor's end. As Craven dies, Emma, in spirit form, comforts him. The father and daughter are shown leaving the hospital together, walking down the corridor and toward a bright, white light.
Production.
In 2002, Martin Campbell announced that he was planning to adapt "Edge of Darkness" for the cinema. Active development began in early 2007 when Campbell met with producer Graham King, who first enlisted Australian playwright Andrew Bovell to write, and then William Monahan (fresh from winning an Academy Award for King's "The Departed") to re-write the screenplay. Michael Wearing and BBC Films also co-produced the film. Filming began on 18 August 2008 in Boston, Massachusetts. A scene where Craven scatters his daughter's ashes at a beach was filmed at Rockport on 25 and 26 September. They shot some scenes in Merrimac, Massachusetts from 15 September 2008 to 18 September 2008. Additional scenes were shot in Malden, Massachusetts in the old Malden hospital. Some of the final scenes were shot at a home in Manchester-by-the-Sea, Massachusetts.
Additionally, Gibson and his crew set up shop for filming in western Massachusetts, with 180 staff staying in Northampton hotels. They shot in various locations in the Pioneer Valley, including Tully O'Reilly's Pub, the Northampton Athletic Club, and an older part of the Hampshire County Courthouse, all in Northampton. Also, Sugarloaf Mountain was shut down for a few days while they rented it out. They also filmed at the Notch Visitor Center, Rt. 116, Amherst.
The film takes place in America, unlike the television series, which was based in England. "The idea was to transfer the story to a different time and place rather than just repeat what we did in England," Campbell said. "Boston seemed like the perfect location because it does have a whole English, Irish signature on it."
Jack Bennett disembarks from a helicopter in one scene. The FAA registration number, N401LH, is visible on the fuselage. This helicopter later collided with a Piper PA-32 on 8 August 2009, over the Hudson River, resulting in nine deaths. The helicopter was owned by Liberty Helicopters, which offers sight-seeing tours around Manhattan.
The film was originally scored by classical composer John Corigliano. However, the decision was made during postproduction (after Corigliano's score had been recorded and dubbed) to replace his score with a new one by Howard Shore.
Reception.
Critical reaction.
The film received mixed reviews from critics, and holds a 58% approval rating on aggregate review site Rotten Tomatoes, based on 2010 reviews The site's consensus reads: "For better and for worse," Edge of Darkness "offers vintage Mel Gibson, working within the familiar framework of a bloody revenge thriller". On review aggretator, Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 1–100 reviews from film critics, has a rating score of 55 based on 34 reviews.
Film critic Richard Roeper of "Richard Roeper & the Movies" gave the film a B stating "Gibson excels in this entertaining conspiracy thriller" in his review for the film. Michael Rechtshaffen, a critic for "The Hollywood Reporter", wrote in his review that "An intense Mel Gibson performance anchors this brutally effective crime thriller". Some critics such as A.O. Scott of "The New York Times" have noted the movie's similarity to "Taken". However, some critics described Ray Winstone's character in the movie as "intriguing" such as "Chicago Sun-Times" film critic Roger Ebert, "Chicago Tribune" film critic Michael Phillips, and "New Orleans Times-Picayune" film critic Mike Scott.
Box office.
On its first weekend, the film opened number two, grossing $17.1 million behind "Avatar". As of 8 April 2010, according to Box Office Mojo, the film grossed $43,313,890 in the United States and Canada and $37,670,000 in other countries for a worldwide total of $80,990,000.
Home media.
The film was released by Warner Home Video on 11 May 2010, on DVD and Blu-ray.

</doc>
<doc id="18949668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949668" title="Law">
Law

Law is a term which does not have a universally accepted definition, but one definition is that law is a system of rules and guidelines which are enforced through social institutions to govern behaviour. Laws can be made by legislatures through legislation (resulting in statutes), the executive through decrees and regulations, or judges through binding precedents (normally in common law jurisdictions). Private individuals can create legally binding contracts, including (in some jurisdictions) arbitration agreements that exclude the normal court process. The formation of laws themselves may be influenced by a constitution (written or unwritten) and the rights encoded therein. The law shapes politics, economics, and society in various ways and serves as a social mediator of relations between people.
A general distinction can be made between civil law jurisdictions (including canon and socialist law), in which the legislature or other central body codifies and consolidates their laws, and common law systems, where judge-made binding precedents are accepted. Historically, religious laws played a significant role even in settling of secular matters, which is still the case in some countries, particularly Islamic, and some religious communities, particularly Jewish Halakha. Sharia law is the world's most widely used religious law.
The adjudication of the law is generally divided into two main areas. Criminal law deals with conduct that is considered harmful to social order and in which the guilty party may be imprisoned or fined. Civil law (not to be confused with civil law jurisdictions above) deals with the resolution of lawsuits (disputes) between individuals or organisations. These resolutions seek to provide a legal remedy (often monetary damages) to the winning litigant.
Under civil law, the following specialties, among others, exist: Contract law regulates everything from buying a bus ticket to trading on derivatives markets. Property law regulates the transfer and title of personal property and real property. Trust law applies to assets held for investment and financial security. Tort law allows claims for compensation if a person's property is harmed. Constitutional law provides a framework for the creation of law, the protection of human rights and the election of political representatives. Administrative law is used to review the decisions of government agencies. International law governs affairs between sovereign states in activities ranging from trade to military action.
To implement and enforce the law and provide services to the public by public servants, a government's bureaucracy, the military and police are vital. While all these organs of the state are creatures created and bound by law, an independent legal profession and a vibrant civil society inform and support their progress.
Law provides a rich source of scholarly inquiry into legal history, philosophy, economic analysis and sociology. Law also raises important and complex issues concerning equality, fairness, and justice. There is an old saying that 'all are equal before the law.'. The author Anatole France said in 1894, "In its majestic equality, the law forbids rich and poor alike to sleep under bridges, beg in the streets, and steal loaves of bread." Writing in 350 BC, the Greek philosopher Aristotle declared, "The rule of law is better than the rule of any individual." Mikhail Bakunin said: "All law has for its object to confirm and exalt into a system the exploitation of the workers by a ruling class". Cicero said "more law, less justice". Marxist doctrine asserts that law will not be required once the state has withered away.
Definition.
Whether it is possible or desirable to define law.
There have been many attempts to produce "a universally acceptable definition of law". By 1972, no such definition had been produced. McCoubrey and White said that the question "what is law?" has no simple answer. Glanville Williams said that the meaning of the word "law" depends on the context in which that word is used. He said that, for example, "early customary law" and "municipal law" were contexts where the word "law" had two different and irreconcilable meanings. Thurman Arnold said that it is obvious that it is impossible to define the word "law" and that it is also equally obvious that the struggle to define that word should not ever be abandoned. It is possible to take the view that there is no need to define the word "law" (e.g. "let's forget about generalities and get down to cases").
Proposed definitions.
One definition is that law is a system of rules and guidelines which are enforced through social institutions to govern behaviour. In "The Concept of Law" Hart argued law is a "system of rules"; Austin said law was "the command of a sovereign, backed by the threat of a sanction"; Dworkin describes law as an "interpretive concept" to achieve justice; and Raz argues law is an "authority" to mediate people's interests. Holmes said "The prophecies of what the courts will do in fact, and nothing more pretentious, are what I mean by the law." Aquinas said that law is a rational ordering of things which concern the common good that is promulgated by whoever is charged with the care of the community. This definition has both positivist and naturalist elements.
Legal subjects.
All legal systems deal with the same basic issues, but jurisdictions categorise and identify its legal subjects in different ways. A common distinction is that between "public law" (a term related closely to the state, and including constitutional, administrative and criminal law), and "private law" (which covers contract, tort and property). In civil law systems, contract and tort fall under a general law of obligations, while trusts law is dealt with under statutory regimes or international conventions. International, constitutional and administrative law, criminal law, contract, tort, property law and trusts are regarded as the "traditional core subjects", although there are many further disciplines.
International law.
International law can refer to three things: public international law, private international law or conflict of laws and the law of supranational organisations.
Constitutional and administrative law.
Constitutional and administrative law govern the affairs of the state. Constitutional law concerns both the relationships between the executive, legislature and judiciary and the human rights or civil liberties of individuals against the state. Most jurisdictions, like the United States and France, have a single codified constitution with a bill of rights. A few, like the United Kingdom, have no such document. A "constitution" is simply those laws which constitute the body politic, from statute, case law and convention. A case named "Entick v Carrington" illustrates a constitutional principle deriving from the common law. Mr Entick's house was searched and ransacked by Sheriff Carrington. When Mr Entick complained in court, Sheriff Carrington argued that a warrant from a Government minister, the Earl of Halifax, was valid authority. However, there was no written statutory provision or court authority. The leading judge, Lord Camden, stated that,
The great end, for which men entered into society, was to secure their property. That right is preserved sacred and incommunicable in all instances, where it has not been taken away or abridged by some public law for the good of the whole ... If no excuse can be found or produced, the silence of the books is an authority against the defendant, and the plaintiff must have judgment.
The fundamental constitutional principle, inspired by John Locke, holds that the individual can do anything except that which is forbidden by law, and the state may do nothing except that which is authorised by law. Administrative law is the chief method for people to hold state bodies to account. People can apply for judicial review of actions or decisions by local councils, public services or government ministries, to ensure that they comply with the law. The first specialist administrative court was the "Conseil d'État" set up in 1799, as Napoleon assumed power in France.
Criminal law.
Criminal law, also known as penal law, pertains to crimes and punishment. It thus regulates the definition of and penalties for offences found to have a sufficiently deleterious social impact but, in itself, makes no moral judgment on an offender nor imposes restrictions on society that physically prevent people from committing a crime in the first place. Investigating, apprehending, charging, and trying suspected offenders is regulated by the law of criminal procedure. The paradigm case of a crime lies in the proof, beyond reasonable doubt, that a person is guilty of two things. First, the accused must commit an act which is deemed by society to be criminal, or "actus reus" (guilty act). Second, the accused must have the requisite malicious intent to do a criminal act, or "mens rea" (guilty mind). However, for so called "strict liability" crimes, an "actus reus" is enough. Criminal systems of the civil law tradition distinguish between intention in the broad sense ("dolus directus" and "dolus eventualis"), and negligence. Negligence does not carry criminal responsibility unless a particular crime provides for its punishment.
Examples of crimes include murder, assault, fraud and theft. In exceptional circumstances defences can apply to specific acts, such as killing in self defence, or pleading insanity. Another example is in the 19th-century English case of "R v Dudley and Stephens", which tested a defence of "necessity". The "Mignonette", sailing from Southampton to Sydney, sank. Three crew members and Richard Parker, a 17-year-old cabin boy, were stranded on a raft. They were starving and the cabin boy was close to death. Driven to extreme hunger, the crew killed and ate the cabin boy. The crew survived and were rescued, but put on trial for murder. They argued it was necessary to kill the cabin boy to preserve their own lives. Lord Coleridge, expressing immense disapproval, ruled, "to preserve one's life is generally speaking a duty, but it may be the plainest and the highest duty to sacrifice it." The men were sentenced to hang, but public opinion was overwhelmingly supportive of the crew's right to preserve their own lives. In the end, the Crown commuted their sentences to six months in jail.
Criminal law offences are viewed as offences against not just individual victims, but the community as well. The state, usually with the help of police, takes the lead in prosecution, which is why in common law countries cases are cited as ""The People" v ..." or ""R" (for Rex or Regina) v ...". Also, lay juries are often used to determine the guilt of defendants on points of fact: juries cannot change legal rules. Some developed countries still condone capital punishment for criminal activity, but the normal punishment for a crime will be imprisonment, fines, state supervision (such as probation), or community service. Modern criminal law has been affected considerably by the social sciences, especially with respect to sentencing, legal research, legislation, and rehabilitation. On the international field, 111 countries are members of the International Criminal Court, which was established to try people for crimes against humanity.
Contract law.
Contract law concerns enforceable promises, and can be summed up in the Latin phrase "pacta sunt servanda" (agreements must be kept). In common law jurisdictions, three key elements to the creation of a contract are necessary: offer and acceptance, consideration and the intention to create legal relations. In "Carlill v Carbolic Smoke Ball Company" a medical firm advertised that its new wonder drug, the smokeball, would cure people's flu, and if it did not, the buyers would get £100. Many people sued for their £100 when the drug did not work. Fearing bankruptcy, Carbolic argued the advert was not to be taken as a serious, legally binding offer. It was an invitation to treat, mere puff, a gimmick. But the court of appeal held that to a reasonable man Carbolic had made a serious offer. People had given good consideration for it by going to the "distinct inconvenience" of using a faulty product. "Read the advertisement how you will, and twist it about as you will", said Lord Justice Lindley, "here is a distinct promise expressed in language which is perfectly unmistakable".
"Consideration" indicates the fact that all parties to a contract have exchanged something of value. Some common law systems, including Australia, are moving away from the idea of consideration as a requirement. The idea of estoppel or "culpa in contrahendo", can be used to create obligations during pre-contractual negotiations. In civil law jurisdictions, consideration is not required for a contract to be binding. In France, an ordinary contract is said to form simply on the basis of a "meeting of the minds" or a "concurrence of wills". Germany has a special approach to contracts, which ties into property law. Their 'abstraction principle' ("Abstraktionsprinzip") means that the personal obligation of contract forms separately from the title of property being conferred. When contracts are invalidated for some reason (e.g. a car buyer is so drunk that he lacks legal capacity to contract) the contractual obligation to pay can be invalidated separately from the proprietary title of the car. Unjust enrichment law, rather than contract law, is then used to restore title to the rightful owner.
Tort law.
Torts, sometimes called delicts, are civil wrongs. To have acted tortiously, one must have breached a duty to another person, or infringed some pre-existing legal right. A simple example might be accidentally hitting someone with a cricket ball. Under the law of negligence, the most common form of tort, the injured party could potentially claim compensation for their injuries from the party responsible. The principles of negligence are illustrated by "Donoghue v Stevenson". A friend of Mrs Donoghue ordered an opaque bottle of ginger beer (intended for the consumption of Mrs Donoghue) in a café in Paisley. Having consumed half of it, Mrs Donoghue poured the remainder into a tumbler. The decomposing remains of a snail floated out. She claimed to have suffered from shock, fell ill with gastroenteritis and sued the manufacturer for carelessly allowing the drink to be contaminated. The House of Lords decided that the manufacturer was liable for Mrs Donoghue's illness. Lord Atkin took a distinctly moral approach, and said,
The liability for negligence ... is no doubt based upon a general public sentiment of moral wrongdoing for which the offender must pay ... The rule that you are to love your neighbour becomes in law, you must not injure your neighbour; and the lawyer's question, Who is my neighbour? receives a restricted reply. You must take reasonable care to avoid acts or omissions which you can reasonably foresee would be likely to injure your neighbour.
This became the basis for the four principles of negligence: (1) Mr Stevenson owed Mrs Donoghue a duty of care to provide safe drinks (2) he breached his duty of care (3) the harm would not have occurred but for his breach and (4) his act was the proximate cause, or not too remote a consequence, of her harm. Another example of tort might be a neighbour making excessively loud noises with machinery on his property. Under a nuisance claim the noise could be stopped. Torts can also involve intentional acts, such as assault, battery or trespass. A better known tort is defamation, which occurs, for example, when a newspaper makes unsupportable allegations that damage a politician's reputation. More infamous are economic torts, which form the basis of labour law in some countries by making trade unions liable for strikes, when statute does not provide immunity.
Property law.
Property law governs ownership and possession. Real property, sometimes called 'real estate', refers to ownership of land and things attached to it. Personal property, refers to everything else; movable objects, such as computers, cars, jewelry or intangible rights, such as stocks and shares. A right "in rem" is a right to a specific piece of property, contrasting to a right "in personam" which allows compensation for a loss, but not a particular thing back. Land law forms the basis for most kinds of property law, and is the most complex. It concerns mortgages, rental agreements, licences, covenants, easements and the statutory systems for land registration. Regulations on the use of personal property fall under intellectual property, company law, trusts and commercial law. An example of a basic case of most property law is "Armory v Delamirie" . A chimney sweep's boy found a jewel encrusted with precious stones. He took it to a goldsmith to have it valued. The goldsmith's apprentice looked at it, sneakily removed the stones, told the boy it was worth three halfpence and that he would buy it. The boy said he would prefer the jewel back, so the apprentice gave it to him, but without the stones. The boy sued the goldsmith for his apprentice's attempt to cheat him. Lord Chief Justice Pratt ruled that even though the boy could not be said to own the jewel, he should be considered the rightful keeper ("finders keepers") until the original owner is found. In fact the apprentice and the boy both had a right of "possession" in the jewel (a technical concept, meaning evidence that something "could" belong to someone), but the boy's possessory interest was considered better, because it could be shown to be first in time. Possession may be nine tenths of the law, but not all.
This case is used to support the view of property in common law jurisdictions, that the person who can show the best claim to a piece of property, against any contesting party, is the owner. By contrast, the classic civil law approach to property, propounded by Friedrich Carl von Savigny, is that it is a right good against the world. Obligations, like contracts and torts, are conceptualised as rights good between individuals. The idea of property raises many further philosophical and political issues. Locke argued that our "lives, liberties and estates" are our property because we own our bodies and mix our labour with our surroundings.
Equity and trusts.
Equity is a body of rules that developed in England separately from the "common law". The common law was administered by judges. The Lord Chancellor on the other hand, as the King's keeper of conscience, could overrule the judge-made law if he thought it equitable to do so. This meant equity came to operate more through principles than rigid rules. For instance, whereas neither the common law nor civil law systems allow people to split the ownership from the control of one piece of property, equity allows this through an arrangement known as a 'trust'. 'Trustees' control property, whereas the 'beneficial' (or 'equitable') ownership of trust property is held by people known as 'beneficiaries'. Trustees owe duties to their beneficiaries to take good care of the entrusted property. In the early case of "Keech v Sandford" [1722 a child had inherited the lease on a market in Romford, London. Mr Sandford was entrusted to look after this property until the child matured. But before then, the lease expired. The landlord had (apparently) told Mr Sandford that he did not want the child to have the renewed lease. Yet the landlord was happy (apparently) to give Mr Sandford the opportunity of the lease instead. Mr Sandford took it. When the child (now Mr Keech) grew up, he sued Mr Sandford for the profit that he had been making by getting the market's lease. Mr Sandford was meant to be trusted, but he put himself in a position of conflict of interest. The Lord Chancellor, Lord King, agreed and ordered Mr Sandford should disgorge his profits. He wrote,
Of course, Lord King LC was worried that trustees might exploit opportunities to use trust property for themselves instead of looking after it. Business speculators using trusts had just recently caused a stock market crash. Strict duties for trustees made their way into company law and were applied to directors and chief executive officers. Another example of a trustee's duty might be to invest property wisely or sell it. This is especially the case for pension funds, the most important form of trust, where investors are trustees for people's savings until retirement. But trusts can also be set up for charitable purposes, famous examples being the British Museum or the Rockefeller Foundation.
Further disciplines.
Law spreads far beyond the core subjects into virtually every area of life. Three categories are presented for convenience, though the subjects intertwine and overlap.
Legal systems.
In general, legal systems can be split between civil law and common law systems. The term "civil law" referring to a legal system should not be confused with "civil law" as a group of legal subjects distinct from criminal or public law. A third type of legal system—accepted by some countries without separation of church and state—is religious law, based on scriptures. The specific system that a country is ruled by is often determined by its history, connections with other countries, or its adherence to international standards. The sources that jurisdictions adopt as authoritatively binding are the defining features of any legal system. Yet classification is a matter of form rather than substance, since similar rules often prevail.
Civil law.
Civil law is the legal system used in most countries around the world today. In civil law the sources recognised as authoritative are, primarily, legislation—especially codifications in constitutions or statutes passed by government—and custom. Codifications date back millennia, with one early example being the Babylonian "Codex Hammurabi". Modern civil law systems essentially derive from the legal practice of the 6th-century Eastern Roman Empire whose texts were rediscovered by late medieval Western Europe. Roman law in the days of the Roman Republic and Empire was heavily procedural, and lacked a professional legal class. Instead a lay magistrate, "iudex", was chosen to adjudicate. Precedents were not reported, so any case law that developed was disguised and almost unrecognised. Each case was to be decided afresh from the laws of the State, which mirrors the (theoretical) unimportance of judges' decisions for future cases in civil law systems today. From 529–534 AD the Byzantine Emperor Justinian I codified and consolidated Roman law up until that point, so that what remained was one-twentieth of the mass of legal texts from before. This became known as the "Corpus Juris Civilis". As one legal historian wrote, "Justinian consciously looked back to the golden age of Roman law and aimed to restore it to the peak it had reached three centuries before." The Justinian Code remained in force in the East until the fall of the Byzantine Empire. Western Europe, meanwhile, relied on a mix of the Theodosian Code and Germanic customary law until the Justinian Code was rediscovered in the 11th century, and scholars at the University of Bologna used it to interpret their own laws. Civil law codifications based closely on Roman law, alongside some influences from religious laws such as canon law, continued to spread throughout Europe until the Enlightenment; then, in the 19th century, both France, with the "Code Civil", and Germany, with the "Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch", modernised their legal codes. Both these codes influenced heavily not only the law systems of the countries in continental Europe (e.g. Greece), but also the Japanese and Korean legal traditions. Today, countries that have civil law systems range from Russia and China to most of Central and Latin America. With the exception of Louisiana's Civil Code, the United States follows the common law system described below.
Common law and equity.
Common law and equity are legal systems where decisions by courts are explicitly acknowledged as legal sources. The "doctrine of precedent", or "stare decisis" (Latin for "to stand by decisions") means that decisions by higher courts bind lower courts. Common law systems also rely on statutes, passed by the legislature, but may make less of a systematic attempt to codify their laws than in a "civil law" system. Common law originated from England and has been inherited by almost every country once tied to the British Empire (except Malta, Scotland, the U.S. state of Louisiana, and the Canadian province of Quebec). In medieval England, the Norman conquest led to a unification of various tribal customs and hence a law "common" to the whole country. The common law developed when the English monarchy had been weakened by the enormous cost of fighting for control over large parts of France. King John had been forced by his barons to sign a document limiting his authority to pass laws. This "great charter" or "Magna Carta" of 1215 also required that the King's entourage of judges hold their courts and judgments at "a certain place" rather than dispensing autocratic justice in unpredictable places about the country. A concentrated and elite group of judges acquired a dominant role in law-making under this system, and compared to its European counterparts the English judiciary became highly centralised. In 1297, for instance, while the highest court in France had fifty-one judges, the English Court of Common Pleas had five. This powerful and tight-knit judiciary gave rise to a rigid and inflexible system of common law. As a result, as time went on, increasing numbers of citizens petitioned the King to override the common law, and on the King's behalf the Lord Chancellor gave judgment to do what was equitable in a case. From the time of Sir Thomas More, the first lawyer to be appointed as Lord Chancellor, a systematic body of equity grew up alongside the rigid common law, and developed its own Court of Chancery. At first, equity was often criticised as erratic, that it varied according to the length of the Chancellor's foot. But over time it developed solid principles, especially under Lord Eldon. In the 19th century the two systems were fused into one another. In developing the common law and equity, academic authors have always played an important part. William Blackstone, from around 1760, was the first scholar to describe and teach it. But merely in describing, scholars who sought explanations and underlying structures slowly changed the way the law actually worked.
Religious law.
Religious law is explicitly based on religious precepts. Examples include the Jewish Halakha and Islamic Sharia—both of which translate as the "path to follow"—while Christian canon law also survives in some church communities. Often the implication of religion for law is unalterability, because the word of God cannot be amended or legislated against by judges or governments. However a thorough and detailed legal system generally requires human elaboration. For instance, the Quran has some law, and it acts as a source of further law through interpretation, "Qiyas" (reasoning by analogy), "Ijma" (consensus) and precedent. This is mainly contained in a body of law and jurisprudence known as Sharia and Fiqh respectively. Another example is the Torah or Old Testament, in the Pentateuch or Five Books of Moses. This contains the basic code of Jewish law, which some Israeli communities choose to use. The Halakha is a code of Jewish law which summarises some of the Talmud's interpretations. Nevertheless, Israeli law allows litigants to use religious laws only if they choose. Canon law is only in use by members of the Catholic Church, the Eastern Orthodox Church and the Anglican Communion.
Sharia law.
Until the 18th century, Sharia law was practiced throughout the Muslim world in a non-codified form, with the Ottoman Empire's Mecelle code in the 19th century being a first attempt at codifying elements of Sharia law. Since the mid-1940s, efforts have been made, in country after country, to bring Sharia law more into line with modern conditions and conceptions. In modern times, the legal systems of many Muslim countries draw upon both civil and common law traditions as well as Islamic law and custom. The constitutions of certain Muslim states, such as Egypt and Afghanistan, recognise Islam as the religion of the state, obliging legislature to adhere to Sharia. Saudi Arabia recognises Quran as its constitution, and is governed on the basis of Islamic law. Iran has also witnessed a reiteration of Islamic law into its legal system after 1979. During the last few decades, one of the fundamental features of the movement of Islamic resurgence has been the call to restore the Sharia, which has generated a vast amount of literature and affected world politics.
History of law.
The history of law connects closely to the development of civilisation. Ancient Egyptian law, dating as far back as 3000 BC, contained a civil code that was probably broken into twelve books. It was based on the concept of Ma'at, characterised by tradition, rhetorical speech, social equality and impartiality. By the 22nd century BC, the ancient Sumerian ruler Ur-Nammu had formulated the first law code, which consisted of casuistic statements ("if ... then ..."). Around 1760 BC, King Hammurabi further developed Babylonian law, by codifying and inscribing it in stone. Hammurabi placed several copies of his law code throughout the kingdom of Babylon as stelae, for the entire public to see; this became known as the Codex Hammurabi. The most intact copy of these stelae was discovered in the 19th century by British Assyriologists, and has since been fully transliterated and translated into various languages, including English, German, and French.
The Old Testament dates back to 1280 BC and takes the form of moral imperatives as recommendations for a good society. The small Greek city-state, ancient Athens, from about the 8th century BC was the first society to be based on broad inclusion of its citizenry, excluding women and the slave class. However, Athens had no legal science or single word for "law", relying instead on the three-way distinction between divine law ("thémis"), human decree ("nomos") and custom ("díkē"). Yet Ancient Greek law contained major constitutional innovations in the development of democracy.
Roman law was heavily influenced by Greek philosophy, but its detailed rules were developed by professional jurists and were highly sophisticated. Over the centuries between the rise and decline of the Roman Empire, law was adapted to cope with the changing social situations and underwent major codification under Theodosius II and Justinian I. Although codes were replaced by custom and case law during the Dark Ages, Roman law was rediscovered around the 11th century when medieval legal scholars began to research Roman codes and adapt their concepts. Latin legal maxims (called brocards) were compiled for guidance. In medieval England, royal courts developed a body of precedent which later became the common law. A Europe-wide Law Merchant was formed so that merchants could trade with common standards of practice rather than with the many splintered facets of local laws. The Law Merchant, a precursor to modern commercial law, emphasised the freedom to contract and alienability of property. As nationalism grew in the 18th and 19th centuries, the Law Merchant was incorporated into countries' local law under new civil codes. The Napoleonic and German Codes became the most influential. In contrast to English common law, which consists of enormous tomes of case law, codes in small books are easy to export and easy for judges to apply. However, today there are signs that civil and common law are converging. EU law is codified in treaties, but develops through the precedent laid down by the European Court of Justice.
Ancient India and China represent distinct traditions of law, and have historically had independent schools of legal theory and practice. The "Arthashastra", probably compiled around 100 AD (although it contains older material), and the "Manusmriti" (c. 100–300 AD) were foundational treatises in India, and comprise texts considered authoritative legal guidance. Manu's central philosophy was tolerance and pluralism, and was cited across Southeast Asia. This Hindu tradition, along with Islamic law, was supplanted by the common law when India became part of the British Empire. Malaysia, Brunei, Singapore and Hong Kong also adopted the common law. The eastern Asia legal tradition reflects a unique blend of secular and religious influences. Japan was the first country to begin modernising its legal system along western lines, by importing bits of the French, but mostly the German Civil Code. This partly reflected Germany's status as a rising power in the late 19th century. Similarly, traditional Chinese law gave way to westernisation towards the final years of the Ch'ing dynasty in the form of six private law codes based mainly on the Japanese model of German law. Today Taiwanese law retains the closest affinity to the codifications from that period, because of the split between Chiang Kai-shek's nationalists, who fled there, and Mao Zedong's communists who won control of the mainland in 1949. The current legal infrastructure in the People's Republic of China was heavily influenced by Soviet Socialist law, which essentially inflates administrative law at the expense of private law rights. Due to rapid industrialisation, today China is undergoing a process of reform, at least in terms of economic, if not social and political, rights. A new contract code in 1999 represented a move away from administrative domination. Furthermore, after negotiations lasting fifteen years, in 2001 China joined the World Trade Organisation.
Legal theory.
Philosophy of law.
The philosophy of law is commonly known as jurisprudence. Normative jurisprudence is essentially political philosophy, and asks "what should law be?", while analytic jurisprudence asks "what is law?" John Austin's utilitarian answer was that law is "commands, backed by threat of sanctions, from a sovereign, to whom people have a habit of obedience". Natural lawyers on the other side, such as Jean-Jacques Rousseau, argue that law reflects essentially moral and unchangeable laws of nature. The concept of "natural law" emerged in ancient Greek philosophy concurrently and in entanglement with the notion of justice, and re-entered the mainstream of Western culture through the writings of Thomas Aquinas.
Hugo Grotius, the founder of a purely rationalistic system of natural law, argued that law arises from both a social impulse—as Aristotle had indicated—and reason. Immanuel Kant believed a moral imperative requires laws "be chosen as though they should hold as universal laws of nature". Jeremy Bentham and his student Austin, following David Hume, believed that this conflated the "is" and what "ought to be" problem. Bentham and Austin argued for law's positivism; that real law is entirely separate from "morality". Kant was also criticised by Friedrich Nietzsche, who rejected the principle of equality, and believed that law emanates from the will to power, and cannot be labelled as "moral" or "immoral".
In 1934, the Austrian philosopher Hans Kelsen continued the positivist tradition in his book the "Pure Theory of Law". Kelsen believed that although law is separate from morality, it is endowed with "normativity", meaning we ought to obey it. While laws are positive "is" statements (e.g. the fine for reversing on a highway "is" €500); law tells us what we "should" do. Thus, each legal system can be hypothesised to have a basic norm ("Grundnorm") instructing us to obey. Kelsen's major opponent, Carl Schmitt, rejected both positivism and the idea of the rule of law because he did not accept the primacy of abstract normative principles over concrete political positions and decisions. Therefore, Schmitt advocated a jurisprudence of the exception (state of emergency), which denied that legal norms could encompass of all political experience.
Later in the 20th century, H. L. A. Hart attacked Austin for his simplifications and Kelsen for his fictions in "The Concept of Law". Hart argued law is a system of rules, divided into primary (rules of conduct) and secondary ones (rules addressed to officials to administer primary rules). Secondary rules are further divided into rules of adjudication (to resolve legal disputes), rules of change (allowing laws to be varied) and the rule of recognition (allowing laws to be identified as valid). Two of Hart's students continued the debate: In his book "Law's Empire", Ronald Dworkin attacked Hart and the positivists for their refusal to treat law as a moral issue. Dworkin argues that law is an "interpretive concept", that requires judges to find the best fitting and most just solution to a legal dispute, given their constitutional traditions. Joseph Raz, on the other hand, defended the positivist outlook and criticised Hart's "soft social thesis" approach in "The Authority of Law". Raz argues that law is authority, identifiable purely through social sources and without reference to moral reasoning. In his view, any categorisation of rules beyond their role as authoritative instruments in mediation are best left to sociology, rather than jurisprudence.
Economic analysis of law.
In the 18th century Adam Smith presented a philosophical foundation for explaining the relationship between law and economics. The discipline arose partly out of a critique of trade unions and U.S. antitrust law. The most influential proponents, such as Richard Posner and Oliver Williamson and the so-called Chicago School of economists and lawyers including Milton Friedman and Gary Becker, are generally advocates of deregulation and privatisation, and are hostile to state regulation or what they see as restrictions on the operation of free markets.
The most prominent economic analyst of law is 1991 Nobel Prize winner Ronald Coase, whose first major article, "The Nature of the Firm" (1937), argued that the reason for the existence of firms (companies, partnerships, etc.) is the existence of transaction costs. Rational individuals trade through bilateral contracts on open markets until the costs of transactions mean that using corporations to produce things is more cost-effective. His second major article, "The Problem of Social Cost" (1960), argued that if we lived in a world without transaction costs, people would bargain with one another to create the same allocation of resources, regardless of the way a court might rule in property disputes. Coase used the example of a nuisance case named "Sturges v Bridgman", where a noisy sweetmaker and a quiet doctor were neighbours and went to court to see who should have to move. Coase said that regardless of whether the judge ruled that the sweetmaker had to stop using his machinery, or that the doctor had to put up with it, they could strike a mutually beneficial bargain about who moves that reaches the same outcome of resource distribution. Only the existence of transaction costs may prevent this. So the law ought to pre-empt what "would" happen, and be guided by the most efficient solution. The idea is that law and regulation are not as important or effective at helping people as lawyers and government planners believe. Coase and others like him wanted a change of approach, to put the burden of proof for positive effects on a government that was intervening in the market, by analysing the costs of action.
Sociology of law.
Sociology of law is a diverse field of study that examines the interaction of law with society and overlaps with jurisprudence, philosophy of law, social theory and more specialised subjects such as criminology. The institutions of social construction, social norms, dispute processing and legal culture are key areas for inquiry in this knowledge field. Sociology of law is sometimes seen as a sub-discipline of sociology, but its ties to the academic discipline of law are equally strong, and it is best seen as a transdisciplinary and multidisciplinary study focused on the theorisation and empirical study of legal practices and experiences as social phenomena. In the United States the field is usually called law and society studies; in Europe it is more often referred to as socio-legal studies. At first, jurists and legal philosophers were suspicious of sociology of law. Kelsen attacked one of its founders, Eugen Ehrlich, who sought to make clear the differences and connections between positive law, which lawyers learn and apply, and other forms of 'law' or social norms that regulate everyday life, generally preventing conflicts from reaching lawyers and courts. Contemporary research in sociology of law is much concerned with the way that law is developing outside discrete state jurisdictions, being produced through social interaction in many different kinds of social arenas, and acquiring a diversity of sources of (often competing or conflicting) authority in communal networks existing sometimes within nation states but increasingly also transnationally.
Around 1900 Max Weber defined his "scientific" approach to law, identifying the "legal rational form" as a type of domination, not attributable to personal authority but to the authority of abstract norms. Formal legal rationality was his term for the key characteristic of the kind of coherent and calculable law that was a precondition for modern political developments and the modern bureaucratic state. Weber saw this law as having developed in parallel with the growth of capitalism. Another leading sociologist, Émile Durkheim, wrote in his classic work "The Division of Labour in Society" that as society becomes more complex, the body of civil law concerned primarily with restitution and compensation grows at the expense of criminal laws and penal sanctions. Other notable early legal sociologists included Hugo Sinzheimer, Theodor Geiger, Georges Gurvitch and Leon Petrażycki in Europe, and William Graham Sumner in the U.S.
Legal institutions.
The main institutions of law in industrialised countries are independent courts, representative parliaments, an accountable executive, the military and police, bureaucratic organisation, the legal profession and civil society itself. John Locke, in his "Two Treatises of Government", and Baron de Montesquieu in "The Spirit of the Laws", advocated for a separation of powers between the political, legislature and executive bodies. Their principle was that no person should be able to usurp all powers of the state, in contrast to the absolutist theory of Thomas Hobbes' "Leviathan".
Max Weber and others reshaped thinking on the extension of state. Modern military, policing and bureaucratic power over ordinary citizens' daily lives pose special problems for accountability that earlier writers such as Locke or Montesquieu could not have foreseen. The custom and practice of the legal profession is an important part of people's access to justice, whilst civil society is a term used to refer to the social institutions, communities and partnerships that form law's political basis.
Judiciary.
A judiciary is a number of judges mediating disputes to determine outcome. Most countries have systems of appeal courts, answering up to a supreme legal authority. In the United States, this authority is the Supreme Court; in Australia, the High Court; in the UK, the Supreme Court; in Germany, the "Bundesverfassungsgericht"; and in France, the "Cour de Cassation". For most European countries the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg can overrule national law, when EU law is relevant. The European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg allows citizens of the Council of Europe member states to bring cases relating to human rights issues before it.
Some countries allow their highest judicial authority to overrule legislation they determine to be unconstitutional. For example, in "Brown v. Board of Education", the United States Supreme Court nullified many state statutes that had established racially segregated schools, finding such statutes to be incompatible with the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
A judiciary is theoretically bound by the constitution, just as all other government bodies are. In most countries judges may only interpret the constitution and all other laws. But in common law countries, where matters are not constitutional, the judiciary may also create law under the doctrine of precedent. The UK, Finland and New Zealand assert the ideal of parliamentary sovereignty, whereby the unelected judiciary may not overturn law passed by a democratic legislature.
In communist states, such as China, the courts are often regarded as parts of the executive, or subservient to the legislature; governmental institutions and actors exert thus various forms of influence on the judiciary. In Muslim countries, courts often examine whether state laws adhere to the Sharia: the Supreme Constitutional Court of Egypt may invalidate such laws, and in Iran the Guardian Council ensures the compatibility of the legislation with the "criteria of Islam".
Legislature.
Prominent examples of legislatures are the Houses of Parliament in London, the Congress in Washington D.C., the Bundestag in Berlin, the Duma in Moscow, the Parlamento Italiano in Rome and the "Assemblée nationale" in Paris. By the principle of representative government people vote for politicians to carry out "their" wishes. Although countries like Israel, Greece, Sweden and China are unicameral, most countries are bicameral, meaning they have two separately appointed legislative houses.
In the 'lower house' politicians are elected to represent smaller constituencies. The 'upper house' is usually elected to represent states in a federal system (as in Australia, Germany or the United States) or different voting configuration in a unitary system (as in France). In the UK the upper house is appointed by the government as a house of review. One criticism of bicameral systems with two elected chambers is that the upper and lower houses may simply mirror one another. The traditional justification of bicameralism is that an upper chamber acts as a house of review. This can minimise arbitrariness and injustice in governmental action.
To pass legislation, a majority of the members of a legislature must vote for a bill (proposed law) in each house. Normally there will be several readings and amendments proposed by the different political factions. If a country has an entrenched constitution, a special majority for changes to the constitution may be required, making changes to the law more difficult. A government usually leads the process, which can be formed from Members of Parliament (e.g. the UK or Germany). However, in a presidential system, the government is usually formed by an executive and his or her appointed cabinet officials (e.g. the United States or Brazil).
Executive.
The executive in a legal system serves as the centre of political authority of the State. In a parliamentary system, as with Britain, Italy, Germany, India, and Japan, the executive is known as the cabinet, and composed of members of the legislature. The executive is led by the head of government, whose office holds power under the confidence of the legislature. Because popular elections appoint political parties to govern, the leader of a party can change in between elections.
The head of state is apart from the executive, and symbolically enacts laws and acts as representative of the nation. Examples include the President of Germany (appointed by members of federal and state legislatures), the Queen of the United Kingdom (an hereditary office), and the President of Austria (elected by popular vote). The other important model is the presidential system, found in the United States and in Brazil. In presidential systems, the executive acts as both head of state and head of government, and has power to appoint an unelected cabinet. Under a presidential system, the executive branch is separate from the legislature to which it is not accountable.
Although the role of the executive varies from country to country, usually it will propose the majority of legislation, and propose government agenda. In presidential systems, the executive often has the power to veto legislation. Most executives in both systems are responsible for foreign relations, the military and police, and the bureaucracy. Ministers or other officials head a country's public offices, such as a foreign ministry or defence ministry. The election of a different executive is therefore capable of revolutionising an entire country's approach to government.
Military and police.
While military organisations have existed as long as government itself, the idea of a standing police force is a relatively modern concept. For example, Medieval England's system of traveling criminal courts, or assizes, used show trials and public executions to instill communities with fear to maintain control. The first modern police were probably those in 17th-century Paris, in the court of Louis XIV, although the Paris Prefecture of Police claim they were the world's first uniformed policemen.
Max Weber famously argued that the state is that which controls the monopoly on the legitimate use of force. The military and police carry out enforcement at the request of the government or the courts. The term failed state refers to states that cannot implement or enforce policies; their police and military no longer control security and order and society moves into anarchy, the absence of government.
Bureaucracy.
The etymology of "bureaucracy" derives from the French word for "office" ("bureau") and the Ancient Greek for word "power" ("kratos"). Like the military and police, a legal system's government servants and bodies that make up its bureaucracy carry out the directives of the executive. One of the earliest references to the concept was made by Baron de Grimm, a German author who lived in France. In 1765 he wrote,
The real spirit of the laws in France is that bureaucracy of which the late Monsieur de Gournay used to complain so greatly; here the offices, clerks, secretaries, inspectors and "intendants" are not appointed to benefit the public interest, indeed the public interest appears to have been established so that offices might exist.
Cynicism over "officialdom" is still common, and the workings of public servants is typically contrasted to private enterprise motivated by profit. In fact private companies, especially large ones, also have bureaucracies. Negative perceptions of "red tape" aside, public services such as schooling, health care, policing or public transport are considered a crucial state function making public bureaucratic action the locus of government power.
Writing in the early 20th century, Max Weber believed that a definitive feature of a developed state had come to be its bureaucratic support. Weber wrote that the typical characteristics of modern bureaucracy are that officials define its mission, the scope of work is bound by rules, and management is composed of career experts who manage top down, communicating through writing and binding public servants' discretion with rules.
Legal profession.
A corollary of the rule of law is the existence of a legal profession sufficiently autonomous to invoke the authority of the independent judiciary; the right to assistance of an advocate in a court proceeding emanates from this corollary—in England the function of barrister or advocate is distinguished from legal counselor (solicitor). As the European Court of Human Rights has stated, the law should be adequately accessible to everyone and people should be able to foresee how the law affects them.
In order to maintain professionalism, the practice of law is typically overseen by either a government or independent regulating body such as a bar association, bar council or law society. Modern lawyers achieve distinct professional identity through specified legal procedures (e.g. successfully passing a qualifying examination), are required by law to have a special qualification (a legal education earning the student a Bachelor of Laws, a Bachelor of Civil Law or a Juris Doctor degree), and are constituted in office by legal forms of appointment (being admitted to the bar). Most Muslim countries have developed similar rules about legal education and the legal profession, but some still allow lawyers with training in traditional Islamic law to practice law before personal status law courts. In China and other developing countries there are not sufficient professionally-trained people to staff the existing judicial systems, and, accordingly, formal standards are more relaxed.
Once accredited, a lawyer will often work in a law firm, in a chambers as a sole practitioner, in a government post or in a private corporation as an internal counsel. In addition a lawyer may become a legal researcher who provides on-demand legal research through a library, a commercial service or freelance work. Many people trained in law put their skills to use outside the legal field entirely.
Significant to the practice of law in the common law tradition is the legal research to determine the current state of the law. This usually entails exploring case-law reports, legal periodicals and legislation. Law practice also involves drafting documents such as court pleadings, persuasive briefs, contracts, or wills and trusts. Negotiation and dispute resolution skills (including ADR techniques) are also important to legal practice, depending on the field.
Civil society.
The Classical republican concept of "civil society" dates back to Hobbes and Locke. Locke saw civil society as people who have "a common established law and judicature to appeal to, with authority to decide controversies between them." German philosopher Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel distinguished the "state" from "civil society" ("bürgerliche Gesellschaft") in "Elements of the Philosophy of Right".
Hegel believed that civil society and the state were polar opposites, within the scheme of his dialectic theory of history. The modern dipole state–civil society was reproduced in the theories of Alexis de Tocqueville and Karl Marx. Nowadays in post-modern theory civil society is necessarily a source of law, by being the basis from which people form opinions and lobby for what they believe law should be. As Australian barrister and author Geoffrey Robertson QC wrote of international law,
... one of its primary modern sources is found in the responses of ordinary men and women, and of the non-governmental organizations which many of them support, to the human rights abuses they see on the television screen in their living rooms.
Freedom of speech, freedom of association and many other individual rights allow people to gather, discuss, criticise and hold to account their governments, from which the basis of a deliberative democracy is formed. The more people are involved with, concerned by and capable of changing how political power is exercised over their lives, the more acceptable and legitimate the law becomes to the people. The most familiar institutions of civil society include economic markets, profit-oriented firms, families, trade unions, hospitals, universities, schools, charities, debating clubs, non-governmental organisations, neighbourhoods, churches, and religious associations.

</doc>
<doc id="18949669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949669" title="185th Infantry Regiment (United States)">
185th Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 185th Infantry Regiment is a unit of the United States Army made up of soldiers from the California Army National Guard. Only the 1st Battalion of the regiment remains active. The 185th's higher headquarters is the 79th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, headquartered in San Diego. Its higher headquarters, in turn, is the 40th Infantry Division
History.
19th century.
The 1st Battalion, 185th Infantry Regiment was originally constituted on 22 July 1885 as the 6th Infantry Battalion, California National Guard. The unit was expanded, reorganized, and redesignated on 21 February 1888 as the 6th Infantry Regiment. It was mustered into federal service on 11 May 1898 at San Francisco as the 6th California Volunteer Infantry; and mustered out on 15 December 1898 at Fort Point, CA. It was reduced and consolidated on 11 May 1907 with the 2nd Infantry Regiment, California National Guard (organized in 1864 as the Sacramento Light Artillery) to form the 2nd Infantry Regiment, California National Guard, with Headquarters at Sacramento.
Early 20th century.
The unit was called into federal service on 15 June 1916 for Mexican border service; mustered into federal service on 27 June 1916 at Sacramento; and mustered out on 15 November 1916. It was called into federal service on 26 March 1917; and drafted into federal service on 5 August 1917.
The 2nd Infantry Regiment (less 2nd Battalion, Companies L and M, and Sanitary Detachment) consolidated on 24 September – 1 November 1917 with the 5th Infantry Regiment, California National Guard, and the consolidated unit was designated as the 159th Infantry, an element of the 40th Division; demobilized on 1 May 1919 at the Presidio of San Francisco, CA. The 2nd Battalion, Companies L and M, and Sanitary Detachment, 2nd Infantry Regiment consolidated on 25 September – 1 November 1917 with the 7th Infantry Regiment, California National Guard, and the consolidated unit was designated as the 160th Infantry, an element of the 40th Division; it demobilized on 7 May 1919 at Camp Kearny in San Diego.
The former central and northern California elements (less San Francisco area) reconstituted and reorganized on 20 October 1924 in the California National Guard as the 184th Infantry, an element of the 40th Division, with Headquarters at Sacramento.
The central California elements (less San Francisco area) was withdrawn, expanded, reorganized, and redesignated on 18 February – 1 April 1929 as the 185th Infantry, an element of the 40th Division (later redesignated as the 40th Infantry Division) with headquarters at Fresno (northern California elements concurrently expanded and reorganized as the 184th; separate lineage).
World War II.
As part of the United States mobilization during World War II, the 185th Infantry Regiment was federalized at Fresno, California, on 3 March 1941 and moved to Camp San Luis Obispo, California, within two weeks. The regiment trained there for over a year as part of the 40th Division before relocating to Fort Lewis, Washington, on 29 April 1942. From there, the regiment went to San Francisco, California, in August and was shipped to Hawaii the following month. The regiment stayed in Hawaii where it trained in jungle warfare for over a year before being moved forward during January 1944 to the Solomon Islands. From April through December the regiment was employed in combat on New Britain island during the New Britain campaign. Then the regiment landed on Manus Island in December 1944 and invaded the Japanese-held Philippine Islands on 9 January 1945. The regiment participated in various actions of the Philippines Campaign of 1944–45 during the rest of the war, and arrived back at San Francisco, California on 5 April 1946, being inactivated the next day.
Cold War.
The regiment was relieved on 25 June 1946 from assignment to the 40th Infantry Division, it was assigned on 5 August 1946 to the 49th Infantry Division. The unit was reorganized and federally recognized on 18 November 1946, with Headquarters at Fresno (former 2nd and 3rd Battalions reorganized as the 223rd and 224th Infantry, respectively (separate lineage); and a new 2nd Battalion, 185th Infantry was organized from existing units; 980th Field Artillery Battalion was reorganized, redesignated and Federally recognized on 24 August 1947 as the new 3rd Battalion, 185th Infantry).
The unit was reorganized on 1 May 1959 as the 185th Infantry, a parent regiment under the Combat Arms Regimental System, to consist of the 1st Battle Group, an element of the 49th Infantry Division; on 1 March 1963 to consist of the 1st and 2nd Battalions, elements of the 49th Infantry Division (the 2nd Battalion was relieved on 4 December 1963 from assignment to the 49th Infantry Division and assigned to the 49th Infantry Brigade); and on 29 January 1968 to consist of the 2nd Battalion, an element of the 49th Infantry Brigade.
21st century.
Following the events of 11 September multiple national guard units were activated for various reasons. The 185th was no different with the regiment activated for Operation Noble Eagle, when it was assigned to guard military bases, airports, and other possible targets of opportunity. In late 2003 the 185th was activated again, this time in the wake of the Invasion of Iraq. This is not to be confused with the activation of the 185th Armor Regiment, which was activated at the same time. In 2005, the unit returned from active duty. In 2006, Headquarters Company was activated, and was deployed to Camp Bucca, Iraq for a year.
During the 2006–07 deployment when the regiment's only death, as of June 2009, occurred. Specialist Sellen, posthumously promoted to sergeant, was killed while attached to 16th MP Brigade due to an accidental discharge of a firearm by a fellow soldier.
In early 2007, the first battalion's Charlie company was mobilized for a deployment in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom under the command of 1st Battalion, 143rd Field Artillery of the California Army National Guard. After completing training at Fort Dix, New Jersey, the company moved to Camp Slayer in Baghdad, Iraq and conducted force protection, convoy security, and military police missions throughout the country. During their six months in Iraq, they completed over 250 successful combat missions, including the care and custody of over 2,000 detainees and escorting numerous high profile detainees to Iraqi courts in Baghdad. On February 22, 2008, the company transferred responsibility to Charlie company, 1st Battalion, 279th Infantry Regiment of the Oklahoma Army National Guard. On March 6, 2008, the company returned to Los Alamitos. The company received a Meritorious Unit Commendation for their service pursuant to Department of the Army Permanent Orders 272-43 dated September 29, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18949682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949682" title="States of India by Sindhi speakers">
States of India by Sindhi speakers

This is a list of States and Union Territories of India by speakers of Sindhi as of census 2001. Gross population figures are available online.

</doc>
<doc id="18949701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949701" title="Robert, Duke of Bar">
Robert, Duke of Bar

Robert I of Bar (8 November 1344 – 12 April 1411) was Marquis of Pont-à-Mousson and Count and then Duke of Bar. He succeeded his elder brother Edward II of Bar as count in 1352, and the county was promoted to a duchy in 1354. Their parents were Henry IV of Bar and Yolande, granddaughter of Robert III, Count of Flanders.
When Robert was less than a year old, his father died and his elder brother, Edward II of Bar, became Count of Bar under their mother's regency. As neither Robert nor Edward had a strong constitution, Yolande obtained a dispensation from Pope Clement VI to allow them to eat meat during periods of abstinence. When his brother Edward died, Robert was still only 7 years old and political problems associated with his mother's continued position as regent had arisen. 
Yolande was on the point of remarrying to Philip of Navarre, count of Longueville, a member of the Navarre family which was attempting to claim the French crown from John the Good. Jeanne of Bar (1295-†1361), countess of Warren and daughter of Henry III of Bar, made known to the king that she was ready to replace Yolande and assume the regency. The Parliament of Paris, by decree of 5 June 1352, declared that the county was under the king's control. John the Good then entrusted the regency to Jeanne on 27 July of that year. Yolande initially renounced the regency, but then went back on her decision, levying troops to fight Jeanne. John the Good intervened to force Yolande to renounce the regency again on 2 July 1353.
In 1354 the County of Bar was raised to the status of "duchy", either by the king of France, the Emperor Charles IV or by Robert's own act of usurpation. That same year another possession, Pont-à-Mousson, was raised to a marquisate by the Emperor. Subsequent emperors recognised Robert's ducal title and his state's right to a vote in the Imperial Diet. It is unclear if Robert was regarded as a Peer of France after becoming duke.
The defeat of Poitiers and the capture of John the Good in 1356 deprived Jeanne of John's support and Yolande retook the regency. Robert was knighted in December 1356 and declared of age on 8 November 1359. He assisted at the coronation of Charles V of France at Reims on 9 May 1364, then at that of Charles VI of France on 4 November 1380. During Charles V's reign he fought in several engagements in 1374 during the campaign to eject the English from Normandy. In 1401, Robert ceded his duchy to his son Edward, but reserved the usufruct on it, bypassing his grandson Robert (son of Henry of Bar). The younger Robert unsuccessfully opposed this in the parliament of Paris that ran from 1406 to 1409. Charles VI's madness put him under the control of the Duke of Orleans and Duke of Burgundy. The elder Robert supported the duke of Orleans, and after that duke's assassination was more and more inclined to remain within his duchy. In his later years he suffered from attacks of gout that prevented him from walking.
Marriage and issue.
In 1364 he married Marie of Valois, the daughter of king John II of France and Bonne of Luxembourg. Their children were:

</doc>
<doc id="18949708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949708" title="Love Will Find a Way (Pablo Cruise song)">
Love Will Find a Way (Pablo Cruise song)

"Love Will Find a Way" is a song by American rock group Pablo Cruise, from its album "Worlds Away" in 1978. It was released as a single and reached #6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song received a considerable amount of airplay during the summer of 1978, prompting critic Robert Christgau to say, "Hear David Jenkins sing 'once you get past the pain' fifty times in a day and the pain will be permanent", referring to the lyrics of the chorus.
The song has most recently been used on CBS' period-drama "Swingtown", at the end of episode 2, "Love Will Find a Way" (creating something of an anachronism, as the episode was set in 1976, two years before the song was released).

</doc>
<doc id="18949712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949712" title="1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Women's 200 metre backstroke">
1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Women's 200 metre backstroke

These are the official results of the Women's 200 metres Backstroke event at the 1993 FINA Short Course World Championships held in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18949721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949721" title="Berens">
Berens

Berens may refer to:
In places:
In people:

</doc>
<doc id="18949722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949722" title="Last Call at the Blue Note">
Last Call at the Blue Note

Last Call at the Blue Note is a 1990 live album by Oscar Peterson; it is the third CD of the Telarc 4-CD set. The performance includes three of Oscar Peterson's famous originals: "Blues Etude"; "March Past"; and "Wheatland".

</doc>
<doc id="18949739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949739" title="Younger (title)">
Younger (title)

Younger is a Scottish convention, style of address or description traditionally used by the Heir Apparent to:-
1. A current Laird (owner of a substantial and landed estate in Scotland) 
2. Someone whose name includes a territorial designation (i.e. a family who were previously Lairds but who are no longer - this applies mainly to armigerous families who had a territorial designation which formed part of their name. Their arms being registered with the inclusion of the territorial designation, having become landless, still retain the full name - including the territorial designation - pertaining to the Grant of Arms) 
3. A Scottish chieftainship (the head of a cadet branch of a clan which has a chief)
4. A clan chief.
5. A Scottish Baron, only if also a Laird (as above) and recognised by the Lord Lyon as such.[http://www.scotsbarons.org/male_heir.htm]
The style of using the term "Younger" applies equally to a woman who is heir in her own right as to a man. The style of "Younger" is neither a title of nobility nor a peerage and does not carry voting rights either in the Parliament of Scotland or the Kingdom of England. The abbreviation of Younger is Yr. The wife of such an heir may adopt this style also. 
When a person bearing this suffix becomes the Laird in their own right or succeeds to the arms of a now landless family or inherits the chieftainship of a cadet branch or the chiefship of the clan, they then drop the suffix and the next heir apparent may add the style to their name.
Forms of address.
the younger son of the Laird would not have the territorial surname unless he was the nominated heir presumptive,

</doc>
<doc id="18949754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949754" title="Amreit">
Amreit

AmREIT Inc. headquartered in Houston, Texas is a full service, vertically integrated and self-administered real estate investment trust that owns, operates, acquires and selectively develops and redevelops primarily neighborhood and community shopping centers located in high-traffic, densely populated, affluent areas with significant barriers to entry. As of June 30, 2012, AmREIT's portfolio consisted of 29 retail properties that were 95.8% leased and are typically anchored by strong national and local retailers including supermarket chains, drug stores and other necessity-based retailers with the remaining tenant base comprised predominantly of specialty retailers and national and local restaurants. AmREIT’s core markets include affluent, high-growth submarkets in the top-growth cities of Houston, Dallas, San Antonio, Austin, and Atlanta. In addition, AmREIT manages and has varying minority ownership interests in eight advised funds, which owned, as of June 30, 2012, 18 properties. 

</doc>
<doc id="18949770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949770" title="VEMS">
VEMS

VEMS is a low volume commercial engine management system. VEMS is unlike most other EMS's in that it used to be public domain and then a form of open source.
History.
The original version of VEMS was called MegaSquirtAVR and was a re-write of the popular but inadequate (at the time) MegaSquirt system.
Hardware.
VEMS can be purchased as a pre-made board or a complete system with several options in between. Most of the design is built with SMD components to keep size down and reliability up.
Microcontroller.
VEMS uses the AVR Atmega128 which is significantly more powerful than the original MS1 CPU.
Revisions.
The early MS based version was called 2.0 however that has been out of circulation for some time. The 3.0 board was the first "GenBoard" variant. Development was closed at 3.2 and the current version is 3.6. All 3.X versions incorporate one or more wide band controller.
Firmware.
VEMS firmware is primarily written in the C (programming language), however some parts are distributed in binary and not C for IP protection reasons with an NDA.
Documentation.
The VEMS project is poorly documented compared with the MegaSquirt system which many believe is over documented. This has caused adoption of the system to be limited and slow.
Firmware revisions are issued very frequently and it is constant development. Latest firmwares have many advanced features such as double continuous variable camshaft control, GPS and SD card logging, advanced motorsport features (N2O control, transbrake creep etc.).
Tuning Software.
Tuning is done with either MegaTune or VemsTune. Until recently Megatune as written by Eric Fahlgren for the MegaSquirt system was only option. MegaTune is licensed under GPL and can therefore be used by anyone. While excellent for Megasquirt, it does not cover all aspects of VEMS, so complete setup and tuning is impossible. It can and has caused incorrect parameters to be written to VEMS causing unpredictable performance.
At present time (2011) MegaTune is mostly obsolete on VEMS as all recent firmwares are only compatible with VemsTune, a user interface that was built from scratch and covers all aspects of VEMS tuning (including firmware updates directly from VEMS servers, WBo2 sensor calibration, logging and of course, tuning). Some users who run older configs still use MegaTune but majority is now using VemsTune which, after long developer phase, is now very usable.
Licenses.
The original MSAVR system is public domain and still available for download. This original source is obviously MegaSquirt based and therefore surrounded by some controversy. Later source was under an open source license, however since 3.2 the system is effectively closed source.
Comparison.
"DIY" fuel injection systems

</doc>
<doc id="18949782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949782" title="Lee Siegel">
Lee Siegel

Lee Siegel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18949792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949792" title="Reginald of Bar (bishop of Chartres)">
Reginald of Bar (bishop of Chartres)

Reginald of Bar, also known as Renaud de Mouçon, was bishop of Chartres from 1182 until his death in 1217. His parents were Reginald II of Bar and his wife Adèle de Champagne. Via his mother he was first cousin to king Philip II of France, who facilitated his career. He was named canon and treasurer of Saint-Martin de Tours and was then elected bishop of Chartres in 1182. He played and important role in France and Champagne and participated in the Third Crusade.
Returning to France, in 1199 he negotiated the marriage of Theobald III of Champagne to Blanche of Navarre. After Theobald's death and during Blanche's regency, he held great influence in the court at Champagne. During the Champagne War of Succession he was part of a tribunal charged with ruling on the succession. In 1210 he led a detachment of crusaders in the Albigensian crusade and participated in the siege of Termes.

</doc>
<doc id="18949797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949797" title="File sharing">
File sharing

File sharing is the practice of distributing or providing access to digitally stored information, such as computer programs, multimedia (audio, images and video), documents or electronic books. It may be implemented through a variety of ways. Common methods of storage, transmission and dispersion include manual sharing utilizing removable media, centralized servers on computer networks, World Wide Web-based hyperlinked documents, and the use of distributed peer-to-peer networking.
Types of file sharing.
Peer-to-peer file sharing.
Users can use software that connects in to a peer-to-peer network to search for shared files on the computers of other users connected to the network. Files of interest can then be downloaded directly from other users on the network. Typically, large files are broken down into smaller chunks, which may be obtained from multiple peers and then reassembled by the downloader. This is done while the peer is simultaneously uploading the chunks it already has to other peers.
File sync and sharing services.
File syncing and sharing services allow users to create special folders on each of their computers or mobile devices, which the service then synchronizes so that it appears to be the same folder regardless of which computer is used to view it. Files placed in this folder also are typically accessible through a website and mobile app, and can be easily shared with other users for viewing or collaboration.
Such services have become popular via consumer products such as Dropbox (service) and Google Drive.
History.
Files were first exchanged on removable media. Computers were able to access remote files using filesystem mounting, bulletin board systems (1978), Usenet (1979), and FTP servers (1985). Internet Relay Chat (1988) and Hotline (1997) enabled users to communicate remotely through chat and to exchange files. The mp3 encoding, which was standardized in 1991 and which substantially reduced the size of audio files, grew to widespread use in the late 1990s. In 1998, MP3.com and Audiogalaxy were established, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act was unanimously passed, and the first mp3 player devices were launched.
In June 1999, Napster was released as an unstructured centralized peer-to-peer system, requiring a central server for indexing and peer discovery. It is generally credited as being the first peer-to-peer file sharing system.
Gnutella, eDonkey2000, and Freenet were released in 2000, as MP3.com and Napster were facing litigation. Gnutella, released in March, was the first decentralized file sharing network. In the gnutella network, all connecting software was considered equal, and therefore the network had no central point of failure. In July, Freenet was released and became the first anonymity network. In September the eDonkey2000 client and server software was released.
In 2001, Kazaa and Poisoned for the Mac was released. Its FastTrack network was distributed, though unlike gnutella, it assigned more traffic to 'supernodes' to increase routing efficiency. The network was proprietary and encrypted, and the Kazaa team made substantial efforts to keep other clients such as Morpheus off of the FastTrack network.
In July 2001, Napster was sued by several recording companies and lost in A&M Records, Inc. v. Napster, Inc.. In the case of Napster, it has been ruled that an online service provider could not use the "transitory network transmission" safe harbor in the DMCA if they had control of the network with a server.
Shortly after its loss in court, Napster was shut down to comply with a court order. This drove users to other P2P applications and file sharing continued its growth. The Audiogalaxy Satellite client grew in popularity, and the LimeWire client and BitTorrent protocol were released. Until its decline in 2004, Kazaa was the most popular file sharing program despite bundled malware and legal battles in the Netherlands, Australia, and the United States. In 2002, a Tokyo district court ruling shut down File Rogue, and the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) filed a lawsuit that effectively shut down Audiogalaxy.
From 2002 through 2003, a number of BitTorrent services were established, including Suprnova.org, isoHunt, TorrentSpy, and The Pirate Bay. In 2002, the RIAA was filing lawsuits against Kazaa users. As a result of such lawsuits, many universities added file sharing regulations in their school administrative codes (though some students managed to circumvent them during after school hours). With the shutdown of eDonkey in 2005, eMule became the dominant client of the eDonkey network. In 2006, police raids took down the Razorback2 eDonkey server and temporarily took down The Pirate Bay.
In 2009, the Pirate Bay trial ended in a guilty verdict for the primary founders of the tracker. The decision was appealed, leading to a second guilty verdict in November 2010. In October 2010, Limewire was forced to shut down following a court order in Arista Records LLC v. Lime Group LLC but the gnutella network remains active through open source clients like Frostwire and gtk-gnutella. Furthermore, multi-protocol file sharing software such as MLDonkey and Shareaza adapted in order to support all the major file sharing protocols, so users no longer had to install and configure multiple file sharing programs.
On January 19, 2012, the United States Department of Justice shut down the popular domain of Megaupload (established 2005). The file sharing site has claimed to have over 50,000,000 people a day. Kim Dotcom (formerly Kim Schmitz) was arrested in New Zealand and is awaiting extradition. The case involving the downfall of the world's largest and most popular file sharing site was not well received, with hacker group Anonymous bringing down several sites associated with the take-down. In the following days, other file sharing sites began to cease services; Filesonic blocked public downloads on January 22, with Fileserve following suit on January 23.
Legality of file sharing.
The legal debate surrounding file sharing has caused many lawsuits. In the United States, some of these lawsuits have even reached the Supreme Court in "MGM v. Grokster". In that particular lawsuit, the Supreme Court has ruled that the creators of P2P networks can be held responsible if the intent of their program is clearly to infringe on copyright laws.
On the other hand, file sharing is not necessarily illegal, even if the works being shared are covered by copyright. For example, some artists may choose to support freeware, shareware, open source, or anti-copyright, and advocate the use of file sharing as a free promotional tool. Nearly all freeware, and open source software may be shared, under the rules specified in the license for that specific piece of software. Content in the public domain can also be freely shared.
Ethics of file sharing.
In 2004 there were an estimated 70 million people participating in online file sharing. According to a CBS News poll in 2009, 58% of Americans who follow the file sharing issue, considered it acceptable "if a person owns the music CD and shares it with a limited number of friends and acquaintances"; with 18 to 29 year olds this percentage reached as much as 70%.
Effects of file sharing.
According to David Glenn, writing in "The Chronicle of Higher Education", "A majority of economic studies have concluded that file sharing hurts sales". A literature review by Professor Peter Tschmuck found 22 independent studies on the effects of music file sharing. "Of these 22 studies, 14 – roughly two-thirds – conclude that unauthorized downloads have a 'negative or even highly negative impact' on recorded music sales. Three of the studies found no significant impact while the remaining five found a positive impact."
A study by economists Felix Oberholzer-Gee and Koleman Strumpf in 2004 concluded that music file sharing's effect on sales was "statistically indistinguishable from zero". This research was disputed by other economists, most notably Stan Liebowitz, who said Oberholzer-Gee and Strumpf had made multiple assumptions about the music industry "that are just not correct." In June 2010, "Billboard" reported that Oberholzer-Gee and Strumpf had "changed their minds", now finding "no more than 20% of the recent decline in sales is due to sharing". However, citing Nielsen SoundScan as their source, the co-authors maintained that illegal downloading had not deterred people from being original. "In many creative industries, monetary incentives play a reduced role in motivating authors to remain creative. Data on the supply of new works are consistent with the argument that file sharing did not discourage authors and publishers. Since the advent of file sharing, the production of music, books, and movies has increased sharply." Glenn Peoples of "Billboard" disputed the underlying data, saying "SoundScan's number for new releases in any given year represents new commercial titles, not necessarily new creative works." The RIAA likewise responded that "new releases" and "new creative works" are two separate things. "figure includes re-releases, new compilations of existing songs, and new digital-only versions of catalog albums. SoundScan has also steadily increased the number of retailers (especially non-traditional retailers) in their sample over the years, better capturing the number of new releases brought to market. What Oberholzer and Strumpf found was better ability to track new album releases, not greater incentive to create them."
A 2006 study prepared by Birgitte Andersen and Marion Frenz, published by Industry Canada, was "unable to discover any direct relationship between P2P file-sharing and CD purchases in Canada". The results of this survey were similarly criticized by academics and a subsequent revaluation of the same data by Dr. George R. Barker of the Australian National University reached the opposite conclusion. "In total, 75% of P2P downloaders responded that if P2P were not available they would have purchased either through paid sites only (9%), CDs only (17%) or through CDs and pay sites (49%). Only 25% of people say they would not have bought the music if it were not available on P2P for free." Barker thus concludes; "This clearly suggests P2P network availability is reducing music demand of 75% of music downloaders which is quite contrary to Andersen and Frenz's much published claim."
Market dominance.
A paper in journal "" found that file sharing decreased the chance of survival for low ranked albums on music charts and increased exposure to albums that were ranked high on the music charts, allowing popular and well known artists to remain on the music charts more often. This had a negative impact for new and less known artists while promoting the work of already popular artists and celebrities.
A more recent study that examined pre-release file sharing of music albums, using BitTorrent software, also discovered positive impacts for "established and popular artists but not newer and smaller artists." According to Robert G. Hammond of North Carolina State University, an album that leaked one month early would see a modest increase in sales. "This increase in sales is small relative to other factors that have been found to affect album sales."
"File-sharing proponents commonly argue that file sharing democratizes music consumption by 'leveling the playing field' for new/small artists relative to established/popular artists, by allowing artists to have their work heard by a wider audience, lessening the advantage held by established/popular artists in terms of promotional and other support. My results suggest that the opposite is happening, which is consistent with evidence on file-sharing behavior."
"Billboard" cautioned that this research looked only at the pre-release period and not continuous file sharing following a release date. "The problem in believing piracy helps sales is deciding where to draw the line between legal and illegal ... Implicit in the study is the fact that both buyers and sellers are required in order for pre-release file sharing to have a positive impact on album sales. Without iTunes, Amazon and Best Buy, file-sharers would be just file sharers rather than purchasers. If you carry out the 'file sharing should be legal' argument to its logical conclusion, today's retailers will be tomorrow's file-sharing services that integrate with their respective cloud storage services."
Availability.
Many argue that file-sharing has forced the owners of entertainment content to make it more widely available legally through fee or advertising on demand on the internet, rather than remain static with TV, radio, DVDs, CDs, and the theater. Content for purchase has been higher than illegal in North America aggregate internet traffic since at least 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18949800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949800" title="Sang piao xiao">
Sang piao xiao

Sang piao xiao or Sangpiaoxiao (Chinese: 桑螵蛸, sometimes called Mantis Cradle or "Ootheca Mantidis" in English) is a Pinyin transliteration referring to the oothecae, or egg case, of the praying mantis as an ingredient in traditional Chinese medicine. A formula based on this ingredient is known as "sang piao xiao san" (or "sangpiaoxiao san") and is also known as "mantis formula" in English. The formula may also be sold as a pill (""sang piao xiao wan"").
Varieties.
The three most common varieties of "sang piao xiao" are:
History.
The use of praying mantis egg case as a medicine is described in the "Shennong Bencao Jing", a pharmacological treatise on Chinese herbology from circa 100 AD. Their medicinal use might originate from their occasional occurrence on the mulberry plant "Morus alba". As its leaves were necessary food for the caterpillars that make silk, much of the plant – including branches, fruits, leaves, and root bark – became revered in ancient China as source of herbal medicine. Says one source, "it would not be surprising that these egg cases, which appeared on some of the plants, were also collected and considered a valuable medicine."
Collection.
Othecae are made by mantises in the late summer and they are collected for medicinal use from then until early spring before when they hatch. The egg cases are steamed – killing the developing nymphs inside – and then sun dried or dried in an oven.
Medicinal properties.
According to the "Shennong Bencao Jing" described above:
Sangpiaoxiao is salty and balanced. It mainly treats damaged center, mounting conglomeration, and impotence. It boosts the essence, makes pregnancy possible, cures blood blockage and lumbago in women, alleviates the five urinary bleeding disorders...and regulates urination and the water passageways.
"Sang piao xiao" is largely used for treatment of urinary disorders and impotence today. One writer says it prevents overly-frequent urination by "securing the kidney." Another recommends sangpiaoxiao "To nourish the kidney, promote yang, arrest seminal emission, and reduce urination." One source explains that "sang piao xiao" is for:
...insufficiency of kidney-yang with deficiency cold of the lower-jiao, spermatorrhea and cloudy urine, impotence and premature ejaculation, it is used with herbs for tonifying the kidney and supporting Yang, consolidating the kidney and preserving essence...
According to another practitioner of traditional medicine:
Although they have not been analyzed to determine their active constituents, a large portion of the egg case is composed of protein, which would explain the frothy material that turns hard (think of egg whites made into meringue). It also contains a variety of unique constituents produced by the metabolism of the insect, such as aromatic compounds that deter ants, birds, and mice.
Royal jelly and silkworm droppings are other insect secretions used in traditional Chinese medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="18949805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949805" title="Legends (Dvořák)">
Legends (Dvořák)

Legends, Op.59, B.122, () is a cycle of ten small-scale pieces by the Czech composer Antonín Dvořák. The work was composed originally for piano duet, but later was arranged also for a reduced orchestra.
Background.
On 15 October 1880, the day before finishing the score of his sixth symphony, Dvořák wrote to his publisher Fritz Simrock about his plans for the near future saying he hoped to finish a piano duet cycle, "Legends," in the next month. He did not, however, begin to sketch the work until 30 January 1881. The definitive shape of the piano version was created from 12 February to 23 March 1881, partly in Prague and partly in Vysoká u Příbrami.
Dvořák dedicated the composition to the critic Eduard Hanslick, who praised the cycle with great enthusiasm. The piano duet version was printed by the German publishing house Simrock in summer, 1881. In that same year Dvořák arranged the cycle for orchestra. The orchestration differs in every individual piece. The work was premiered in 1882, at the concert of the Prague Conservatory (part 1, 3, 4), under the baton of Antonín Bennewitz. Three more of the "Legends" (Nos. 2, 5, 6) were premiered at a concert of the Vienna Philharmonic on 26 November 1882, conducted by Wilhelm Jahn.
Structure.
The cycle consists of ten pieces:
The approximate duration is 40 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="18949809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949809" title="San Lorenzo, Ecuador">
San Lorenzo, Ecuador

San Lorenzo is a port town on the north coast of Ecuador, about 18km south of the Colombian border. It is joined by a narrow gauge rail to the city of Ibarra in the Highlands and for many years it was an important port for the export of balsa wood and tagua.

</doc>
<doc id="18949814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949814" title="Jean-Marc Nobilo">
Jean-Marc Nobilo

Jean Marc Nobilo (born 27 July 1960) is a French football coach for young players Ligue 1 side Le Havre. He is currently the head coach of the Algeria national under-20 football team.
He developed many famous players who are now playing for national Teams or in Champions' league.
Teaching degree in SPORT
UEFA YOUTH COACH degree with the French Federation (1st position)
UEFA PRO LICENCE in June 2010 (FFF)
FAMOUS PLAYERS TRAINED
1996 - 1999 : BOUMSONG (JUVENTUS) / DIAWARA (O. MARSEILLE) / CHIMBONDA (TOTTENHAM)/ MAZURE (CAEN) / LESAGE (AJ AUXERRE)
2004 - 2005 : GUY MOUSSI (NOTTINGHAM FOREST)
2005 - 2008 : NESTOR ( FRANCE U20) / KANA BIYIK (RENNES / HOARAU (PARIS SG) / ANIN (SOCHAUX) / FOFANA (LYON) / MENDES (HAVRE)
2011 : IVORY COAST : COULIBALY (TOTTENHAM) elected best player of the U17 WORLD CUP in MEXICO and best striker of the competition. 
From his strong experience as a coach, he developed a real software to evaluate the potential of young players and identify the weaknesses of his teams.
Career.
Jean-Marc NOBILO started in LE HAVRE AC as Technical Director of the Academy and Coach of the RESERVE TEAM.
During the summer 2007, Jean-Marc NOBILO was appointed HEADCOACH of the professional team of LE HAVRE AC, substitutinh Thierry UVENARD. After a brilliant season in LIGUE 2, he was elected "Best coach of LIGUE 2 and got a promotion in LIGUE 1 with LE HAVRE AC.
On 18 December 2008 he bandies from Head Coach of Le Havre AC to chief executive. On June 2009, he became head coach of the club's second team, keeping its chief executive position.
Jean-Marc NOBILO was the technical director of the YOUTH ACADEMY (LE HAVRE) and National Technical Director of several African countries.
Nobilo was appointed manager of the Benin national football team just five days before the start of 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying.
In February 2011,just before the civil war in Ivory Coast, he became the National Technical Director of Ivory Coast. Along with Alain GOUAMENE, U17 coach of Ivory Coast, He prepared the U17 national team of Ivory Coast for the World Cup in Mexico. They qualified for the 1/8 final after a brilliant qualification in the first round (Brasil / Denmark / Australia).
In October 2011, after the political unrest in Ivory Coast, the new FIF president decided to stop the contract for new perspectives without taking into account the political conditions in the country and the brilliant qualification for the 1/8 final of the FIFA World Cup in Mexico.
On January 4, 2012, Nobilo was appointed as the head coach of the Algeria national under-20 football team.
Honours.
French Ligue 2 2008
June 2008 : Elected best coach of the professional LIGUE 2 + Champion (LIGUE 2) and Promotion in LIGUE 1
June 2010 : Vice champion of the profesional reserve teams - Final played against Olympique LYON in GERLAND
November 2010 : UMEOA finalist with the National Team of Benin
July 2011 : Qualification for the 1/8 final of the FIFA U17 World Cup in MEXICO

</doc>
<doc id="18949816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949816" title="Canadian Public Accountability Board">
Canadian Public Accountability Board

The Canadian Public Accountability Board (abbreviated CPAB) is a federal agency which oversees Canadian accounting firms which do auditing work, including leading firms such as BDO Dunwoody LLP, Deloitte LLP, Ernst & Young, Grant Thornton Canada, KPMG LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, all of which audit financial statements of publicly traded companies. 
A 2007-8 review by CPAB of these six auditing firms revealed that of 130 audit files examined, 11 were found to have deficiencies.

</doc>
<doc id="18949817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949817" title="States of India by Kashmiri speakers">
States of India by Kashmiri speakers

This is a list of States and Union Territories of India by speakers of Kashmiri as of census 2001. Gross population figures are available online.

</doc>
<doc id="18949819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949819" title="Recording Industry Association of America">
Recording Industry Association of America

The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) is a trade organization that represents the recording industry in the United States. Its members consist of record labels and distributors, which the RIAA says "create, manufacture and/or distribute approximately 85% of all legally sold recorded music in the United States." The RIAA headquarters is in Washington, D.C.
The RIAA was formed in 1952. Its original mission was to administer recording copyright fees and problems, work with trade unions, and do research relating to the record industry and government regulations. Early RIAA standards included the RIAA equalization curve, the format of the stereophonic record groove and the dimensions of 33 1/3 rpm, 45 rpm, and 78 rpm records.
The RIAA says its current mission includes the following:
Since 2001, the RIAA has spent upwards of $2 to $6 million each year on lobbying in the United States alone.
The RIAA also participates in the collective rights management of sound recordings, and it is responsible for certifying Gold and Platinum albums and singles in the United States.
Company structure and sales.
Cary Sherman has been the RIAA's chairman and CEO since 2011. Sherman joined the RIAA as its general counsel in 1997 and became president of the board of directors in 2001, serving in that position until being made chairman and CEO.
Mitch Glazier has been the RIAA's senior executive vice president since 2011. He served as executive vice president for public policy and industry relations from 2000 to 2011.
The past RIAA chairman and CEO is the Mitch Bainwol, who served from 2003 to 2011. He left in 2011 to become president and CEO of the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers.
The board of directors consists of 26 members of the board, drawn mostly from the big three members of the RIAA. The board is currently made up of:
The RIAA represents over 1,600 member labels, which are private corporate entities such as record labels and distributors, and collectively create and distribute about 90% of recorded music sold in the United States. The largest and most influential of the members are the "Big Three":
The RIAA reports that total retail value of recordings sold by their members was $10.4 billion at the end of 2007, a decline from $14.6 billion in 1999.
Sales certification.
The RIAA operates an award program for albums that sell a large number of copies. The program originally began in 1958, with a "Gold Award" for singles and albums that reach $1,000,000 in sales. The criterion was changed in 1975 to the number of copies sold, with albums selling 500,000 copies awarded the Gold Award. In 1976, a "Platinum Award" was added for one million sales. In 1989 new criteria were introduced, with a "Gold Award" for singles that reach 500,000 in sales and a "Platinum Award" for singles that reach 1,000,000 in sales; and in 1999 a "Diamond Award" for ten million sales was introduced. The awards are open to both RIAA members and non-members.
Since 2000, the RIAA also operates a similar program for Spanish language music sales, called "Los Premios de Oro y De Platino". Currently, a "Disco De Oro" (Gold) is awarded for 50,000 units and a "Disco De Platino" is awarded for 100,000 units, with "Album Multi-Platino" at 200,000. To be eligible for this award, sound recordings must contain more than 50% Spanish language content.
"Digital" sales certification.
In 2004, the RIAA added a branch of certification for what it calls "digital" recordings, meaning roughly "recordings transferred to the recipient over a network" (such as those sold via the iTunes Store), and excluding other obviously digital media such as those on CD, DAT, or MiniDisc. In 2006, "digital ringtones" were added to this branch of certification. Starting in 2013, streaming from audio and video streaming services such as Spotify and YouTube also began to be counted towards the certification using the formula of 100 streams being the equivalent of one download, RIAA certification for singles therefore no longer represents true sales. , the certification criteria for these recordings are as follows:
Video Longform certification.
Along with albums, digital albums, and singles there is another classification of music release called "Video Longform." This release format includes DVD and VHS releases, and certain live albums and compilation albums. The certification criteria is slightly different from other styles.
Efforts against infringement of members' copyrights.
Efforts against file sharing.
The RIAA opposes unauthorized sharing of its music. Studies conducted since the association began its campaign against peer-to-peer file-sharing have concluded that losses incurred per download range from negligible to substantial.
The association has commenced high profile lawsuits against file sharing service providers. It has also commenced a series of lawsuits against individuals suspected of file sharing, notably college students and parents of file sharing children. It is accused of employing techniques such as peer-to-peer "decoying" and "spoofing" to combat file sharing.
In late 2008 they announced they would stop their lawsuits, and instead attempt to work with ISPs to persuade them to use a three-strike system for file sharing involving issuing two warnings and then cutting off Internet service after the third strike.
Selection of defendants.
The RIAA names defendants based on ISP identification of the subscriber associated with an IP address, and as such do not know any additional information about a person before they sue. After an Internet subscriber's identity is discovered, but before an individual lawsuit is filed, the subscriber is typically offered an opportunity to settle. The standard settlement is a payment to the RIAA and an agreement not to engage in file-sharing of music and is usually on par with statutory damages of $750 per work, with the RIAA choosing the number of works it deems "reasonable." For cases that do not settle at this amount, the RIAA has gone to trial, seeking statutory damages from the jury, written into The Digital Theft Deterrence and Copyright Damages Improvement Act of 1999 as between $750 and $30,000 per work or $750 and $150,000 per work if "willful."
The Electronic Frontier Foundation and Public Citizen oppose the ability of the RIAA and other companies to "strip Internet users of anonymity without allowing them to challenge the order in court."
The RIAA's methods of identifying individual users had, in some rare cases, led to the issuing of subpoena to a recently deceased 83-year-old woman, an elderly computer novice, and a family reportedly without any computer at all.
Settlement programs.
In February 2007 the RIAA began sending letters accusing Internet users of sharing files and directing them to web site P2PLAWSUITS.COM, where they can make "discount" settlements payable by credit card. The letters go on to say that anyone not settling will have lawsuits brought against them. Typical settlements are between $3,000 and $12,000. This new strategy was formed because the RIAA's legal fees were cutting into the income from settlements. In 2008, RIAA sued 19-year-old Ciara Sauro for allegedly sharing ten songs online.
The RIAA also launched an "early settlement program" directed to ISPs and to colleges and universities, urging them to pass along letters to subscribers and students offering early settlements, prior to the disclosure of their identities. The settlement letters urged ISPs to preserve evidence for the benefit of the RIAA and invited the students and subscribers to visit an RIAA website for the purpose of entering into a "discount settlement" payable by credit card. By March 2007, the focus had shifted from ISPs to colleges and universities.
In October 1998, the Recording Industry Association of America filed a lawsuit in the Ninth U.S. Court of Appeals in San Francisco claiming the Diamond Multimedia Rio PMP300 player violated the 1992 Audio Home Recording Act. The Rio PMP300 was significant because it was the second portable consumer MP3 digital audio player released on the market. The three judge panel ruled in favor of Diamond, paving the way for the development of the portable digital player market.
In 2003, the RIAA sued college student developers of LAN search engines Phynd and Flatlan, describing them as "a sophisticated network designed to enable widespread music thievery."
In September 2003, the RIAA filed suit in civil court against several private individuals who had shared large numbers of files with Kazaa. Most of these suits were settled with monetary payments averaging $3,000. Kazaa publisher Sharman Networks responded with a lawsuit against the RIAA, alleging that the terms of use of the network were violated and that unauthorized client software was used in the investigation to track down the individual file sharers (such as Kazaa Lite). An effort to throw out this suit was denied in January 2004, however, that suit was settled in 2006. Sharman Networks agreed to a global settlement of litigation brought against it by the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), the International Federation of Phonographic Industry (IFPI), and the RIAA. The creators of the popular Kazaa file-sharing network will pay $115 million to the RIAA, unspecified future amounts to the MPAA and the software industry, and install filters on its networks to prevent users from sharing copyrighted works on its network.
RIAA has also filed suit in 2006 to enjoin digital XM Satellite Radio from enabling its subscribers from playing songs it has recorded from its satellite broadcasts. It is also suing several Internet radio stations.
On October 12, 2007, the RIAA sued Usenet.com seeking a permanent injunction to prevent the company from "aiding, encouraging, enabling, inducing, causing, materially contributing to, or otherwise facilitating" copyright infringement. This suit, the first that the RIAA has filed against a Usenet provider, has added another branch to the RIAA's rapidly expanding fight to curb the unauthorized distribution of copyrighted materials. Unlike many of the RIAA's previous lawsuits, this suit is filed against the provider of a service who has no direct means of removing infringing content. The RIAA's argument relies heavily on the fact the Usenet.com, the only defendant that has been named currently, promoted their service with slogans and phrases that strongly suggested that the service could be used to obtain free music.
On April 28, 2008, RIAA member labels sued Project Playlist, a web music search site, claiming that the majority of the sound recordings in the site's index of links are infringing. Project Playlist's website denies that any of the music is hosted on Project Playlist's own servers.
On June 30, 2009, The Recording Industry Association of America prevailed in its fight against Usenet.com, in a decision, that the U.S. District Judge Harold Baer of the Southern District of New York ruled in favor of the music industry on all its main arguments: that Usenet.com is guilty of direct, contributory, and vicarious infringement. In addition, and perhaps most important for future cases, Baer said that Usenet.com can't claim protection under the Sony Betamax decision. That ruling states, companies can't be held liable for contributory infringement if the device they create is "capable of significant non-infringing uses." Furthermore, the parties are now headed to federal court for damage assessments and awards, which could amount to many, many millions of dollars for the music industry.
On October 26, 2010, RIAA members won a case against LimeWire, a P2P file sharing network, for illegal distribution of copyrighted works. On October 29, in retaliation, "riaa.org" was taken offline via denial-of-service attacks executed by members of Operation Payback and Anonymous.
The "work made for hire" controversy.
In 1999, Mitch Glazier, a Congressional staff attorney, inserted, without public notice or comment, substantive language into the final markup of a "technical corrections" section of copyright legislation, classifying many music recordings as "works made for hire", thereby stripping artists of their copyright interests and transferring those interests to their record labels. Shortly afterwards, Glazier was hired as Senior Vice President of Government Relations and Legislative Counsel for the RIAA, which vigorously defended the change when it came to light. The battle over the disputed provision led to the formation of the Recording Artists' Coalition, which successfully lobbied for repeal of the change.

</doc>
<doc id="18949822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949822" title="Llenandose de gusanos">
Llenandose de gusanos

Llenandose de gusanos is the second full-length studio album by Japanese doom metal band Corrupted. The album comprises two CDs, each containing only one track. The first disc is in the typical doom style Corrupted is known for, while the second disc contains ambience.
The title is Spanish for "Filling of Worms" or "Filling Oneself with Worms", although the technical Spanish translation for "filling oneself" is "llenándose", not "llenandose"; the accent mark was left off the title.

</doc>
<doc id="18949836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949836" title="Electronic Frontier Foundation">
Electronic Frontier Foundation

The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) is an international non-profit digital rights group based in the United States.
EFF has taken action in several ways. It provides funds for legal defense in court, presents amici curiae briefs, defends individuals and new technologies from what it considers baseless or misdirected legal threats, works to expose government malfeasance, provides guidance to the government and courts, organizes political action and mass mailings, supports some new technologies which it believes preserve personal freedoms, maintains a database and web sites of related news and information, monitors and challenges potential legislation that it believes would infringe on personal liberties and fair use, and solicits a list of what it considers patent abuses with intentions to defeat those that it considers without merit.
History.
Foundation.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation was formed in July 1990 by John Gilmore, John Perry Barlow and Mitch Kapor in response to a series of actions by law enforcement agencies that led them to conclude that the authorities were gravely uninformed about emerging forms of online communication, and that there was a need for increased protection for Internet civil liberties.
In April 1990, Barlow had been visited by a U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation agent in relation to the theft and distribution of the source code for a series of Macintosh ROMs. Barlow described the visit as "complicated by Agent's fairly complete unfamiliarity with computer technology. I realized right away that before I could demonstrate my innocence, I would first have to explain to him what guilt might be." Barlow felt that his experience was symptomatic of a “great paroxysm of governmental confusion during which everyone's liberties would become at risk”.
Barlow posted an account of this experience to The WELL online community and was contacted by Mitch Kapor, who had had a similar experience. The pair agreed that there was a need to defend civil liberties on the Internet. Kapor agreed to fund any legal fees associated with such a defense and the pair contacted New York lawyers Rabinowitz, Boudin, Standard, Krinsky and Lieberman about defending several computer hackers from a "Harper's" magazine forum on computers and freedom who have been the target of Secret Service raids. This generated a large amount of publicity which led to offers of financial support from John Gilmore and Steve Wozniak. Barlow and Kapor continued to research conflicts between the government and technology and in June 1990 Barlow posted online the influential article entitled "Crime & Puzzlement" in which Barlow announced his and Kapor's plans to create an organization to "raise and disburse funds for education, lobbying, and litigation in the areas relating to digital speech and the extension of the Constitution into Cyberspace." 
This generated further reaction and support for the ideas of Barlow and Kapor. In late June, Barlow held a series of dinners in San Francisco with major figures in the computer industry to develop a coherent response to these perceived threats. Barlow considered that: "The actions of the FBI and Secret Service were symptoms of a growing social crisis: Future Shock. America was entering the Information Age with neither laws nor metaphors for the appropriate protection and conveyance of information itself." Barlow felt that to confront this a formal organization would be needed; he hired Cathy Cook as press coordinator, and began to set up what would become the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation was formally founded on July 10, 1990, by Kapor, Gilmore and Barlow. Initial funding was provided by Kapor, Wozniak, and an anonymous benefactor.
In 1990, Mike Godwin joined the organization as the first staff counsel. Then in 1991 Esther Dyson and Jerry Berman joined the EFF Board. By 1992 Cliff Figallo became the new director of EFF-Cambridge and in December 1992 Jerry Berman became Acting Executive Director.
Early cases.
The creation of the organization was motivated by the massive search and seizure on Steve Jackson Games executed by the United States Secret Service early in 1990. Similar but officially unconnected law-enforcement raids were being conducted across the United States at about that time as part of a state-federal task force called Operation Sundevil. However, the Steve Jackson Games case, which became EFF's first high-profile case, was the major rallying point where EFF began promoting computer and Internet-related civil liberties. In 1993, their offices moved to 1001 G Street in Washington, D.C. That same year "Big Dummy's guide to the Internet", an Electronic Frontier Foundation publication, was made available for free download.
EFF's second big case was "Bernstein v. United States" led by Cindy Cohn, where programmer and professor Daniel J. Bernstein sued the government for permission to publish his encryption software, Snuffle, and a paper describing it. More recently the organization has been involved in defending Edward Felten, Jon Lech Johansen and Dmitry Sklyarov.
Expansion and development.
The organization was originally located at Mitch Kapor's Kapor Enterprises, Inc offices in Cambridge, Massachusetts. By the fall of 1993, the main EFF offices were housed in Washington, D.C., headed up by Jerry Berman. During this time, some of EFF's attention focused on the business of influencing national policy, a business that was not entirely palatable to parts of the organization. In 1994, Mr. Berman parted ways with EFF and formed the Center for Democracy and Technology. EFF moved offices across town, where Drew Taubman briefly took the reins as director.
In 1995, under the auspices of director Lori Fena, after some downsizing and in an effort to regroup and refocus on their base support, the organization moved offices to San Francisco, California. There, it took up temporary residence at John Gilmore's Toad Hall, and soon afterward moved into the Hamm's building at 1550 Bryant St. After Fena moved onto the EFF board of directors for a while, the organization was led by Tara Lemmey. Just prior to the EFF's move into its offices at 454 Shotwell St. in SF's Mission District, long-time EFF Legal Director Shari Steele became, and remains as of today, the Executive Director.
In the spring of 2006, EFF announced the opening of an office in Washington, D.C. with two new staff attorneys.
In 2012, EFF announced a campaign to fund the renovation and move into a new building located at 815 Eddy Street in San Francisco. The move was completed in April, 2013.
DES Cracker.
By the mid-90s the EFF was becoming seriously concerned about the refusal of the US Government to license any secure encryption product for export unless it utilized key recovery and claims that governments could not decrypt information when protected by DES, continuing even after the public breaking of the code in the first of the DES Challenges. They coordinated and supported the construction of the "EFF DES cracker", using special purpose hardware and software and costing only $210,000.
This brought the record for breaking a message down to 56 hours on 17 July 1998 and to under 24 hours on 19 Jan 1999 (in conjunction with distributed.net).
The EFF published the plans and source code for the cracker. Within four years the Advanced Encryption Standard was standardized as a replacement for DES.
Activities.
Litigation.
The EFF regularly brings and defends lawsuits at all levels of the US legal system in pursuit of its goals and objectives. Many of the most significant technology law cases have involved the EFF, including "MGM Studios, Inc. v. Grokster, Ltd.", "Apple v. Does", and others.
Awards.
The EFF organizes two sets of awards to promote work in accordance with its goals and objectives:
The EFF Pioneer Awards are awarded annually to recognize individuals who in its opinion are "leaders who are extending freedom and innovation on the electronic frontier." In 2009, the honorees were Limor Fried, Harri Hursti, and Carl Malamud
The EFF Cooperative Computing Awards are a series of four awards meant "to encourage ordinary Internet users to contribute to solving huge scientific problems," to be awarded to the first individual or group who discovers a prime number with a significant record number of decimal digits. The awards are funded by an anonymous donor.
The awards are:
Publications.
EFF publishes through several outlets such as the periodical, "EFFector" (ISSN 1062-9424), as well as its websites, blogs, and on social networking services.
The EFF has sent a video message of support to global grassroots movement CryptoParty.
Support.
The foundation receives support from its board members John Buckman (Chairman), Pamela Samuelson (Vice-Chairman), John Perry Barlow, Lorrie Cranor, David J. Farber, Edward Felten, John Gilmore, Brewster Kahle, Joe Kraus, and Brad Templeton. The organization often receives additional pro bono legal assistance from Eben Moglen.
On February 18, 2004, the EFF announced that it had received $1.2 million from the estate of Leonard Zubkoff. It used $1 million of this money to establish the EFF Endowment Fund for Digital Civil Liberties.
In April 2011, George Hotz donated $10,000, the remainder of his legal defense money in his case against Sony.
The agitprop art group Psychological Industries has independently issued buttons with pop culture tropes such as the logo of the Laughing Man from the anime series (with the original Catcher in the Rye quotation replaced with the slogan of Anonymous), a bleeding roller derby jammer, and the "We Can Do It!" woman (often misidentified as Rosie the Riveter) on a series of buttons on behalf of the EFF.
Charity Navigator has given the EFF an overall rating of four out of four stars, including four stars for its financial efficiency and capacity.
Beginning 2010, the EFF began regularly receiving income from the Humble Indie Bundle. In 2010 these donations made up 14% of EFF's total revenue for that year.
In 2011, the EFF received $1 million from Google as part of a settlement of a class action related to privacy issues involving Google Buzz. 
EPIC and seven other privacy-focused nonprofits protested that that the plaintiffs lawyers and Google had, in effect, arranged to give the majority of those funds "to organizations that are currently paid by Google to lobby for or to consult for the company." An additional $1 million was obtained from Facebook in a similar settlement.
In 2012, the EFF received $250,000 from Mark Cuban and $250,000 from Markus Persson to support anti-patent activities.
In literature.
The EFF is featured in Dan Brown's techno-thriller novel Digital Fortress. The book was released in 1998, the same year as the EFF DES cracker was built.

</doc>
<doc id="18949841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949841" title="1999 Heineken Open – Singles">
1999 Heineken Open – Singles

Sjeng Schalken defeated Tommy Haas 6-4, 6-4 to win the 1999 Heineken Open singles competition. Marcelo Ríos was the defending champion.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18949842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949842" title="Louis of Poitiers">
Louis of Poitiers

Louis of Poitiers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18949847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949847" title="Dobrogea Wind Farm">
Dobrogea Wind Farm

EDP Dobrogea Wind Farm is a large wind power project in the Dobrogea region, Romania. It will consist of 113 individual wind turbines each with a nameplate capacity of around 2 MW. Collective output will be up to 226 MW of power, enough to power over 148,030 homes, with a capital investment required of approximately US$ 300 million. 

</doc>
<doc id="18949848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949848" title="Fan fiction">
Fan fiction

Fan fiction, or fanfiction (often abbreviated as fan fic, fanfic, or simply fic), is a broadly defined fan labor term for stories about characters or settings written by fans of the original work, rather than by the original creator. Works of fan fiction are rarely commissioned or authorized by the original work's owner, creator, or publisher; also, they are almost never professionally published. Due to these works' not being published, stories often contain a disclaimer stating that the creator of the work owns none of the original characters. Fan fiction is defined by being both related to its subject's canonical fictional universe and simultaneously existing outside the canon of that universe. Most fan fiction writers assume that their work is read primarily by other fans, and therefore tend to presume that their readers have knowledge of the canon universe (created by a professional writer) in which their works are based.
Media scholar Henry Jenkins explains the correlation between transmedia storytelling and fan fiction:
History.
Precursors.
Robert Henryson's "The Testament of Cresseid" may be seen as a very early form of fan fiction. The story is based on Chaucer's "Troilus and Criseyde" and, like most fan fiction, it seeks to elaborate on narrative gaps in the original work. In this case Henryson invents a tragic end for Cresseid, as her final fate is not mentioned in Chaucer's original version of the story.
Following the popularity of Samuel Richardson's 1740 novel "Pamela; or, Virtue Rewarded", due to lax early copyright laws, a number of unauthorized sequels were published. Similar to fan fiction works, these sequels elaborated on Pamela's life after the events of the novel.
As children and young adults, Charlotte Brontë and her siblings wrote many stories and novels detailing fantasy adventures of Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington and his two sons, Arthur and Charles. Later tales focused on Arthur, who became an almost super-heroic figure, the Duke of Zamorna. The Bronte juvenilia are an early example of "real person fan fiction".
The turn of the 20th century saw parodies and revisions of Lewis Carroll's "Alice in Wonderland" by authors including Frances Hodgson Burnett and E. Nesbit. In addition, there were several fan-authored versions of Arthur Conan Doyle's "Sherlock Holmes" stories.
Modern phenomenon.
Before about 1965, the term "fan fiction" was used in science fiction fandom to designate original, though amateur, works of science fiction published in science fiction fanzines, as differentiated from fiction that was professionally published by professional writers; or fiction about fans and fandom.
However, the modern phenomenon of fan fiction as an expression of fandom and fan interaction was popularized and defined via "Star Trek" fandom and their fanzines published in the 1960s. The first "Star Trek" fanzine, "Spockanalia" (1967), contained some fan fiction; many others followed its example. These fanzines were produced via offset printing and mimeography, and mailed to other fans or sold at science fiction conventions for a small fee to help recoup costs. Unlike other aspects of fandom, women dominated fan fiction authoring; 83% of "Star Trek" fan fiction authors were female by 1970, and 90% by 1973. One scholar states that fan fiction "fill the need of a mostly female audience for fictional narratives that expand the boundary of the official source products offered on the television and movie screen."
Fan fiction has become more popular and widespread since the advent of the World Wide Web; according to one estimate, fan fiction comprises one third of all content about books on the Web. In addition to traditional fanzines and conventions, Usenet group electronic mailing lists were established for fan fiction as well as fan discussion. Online, searchable fan fiction archives were also established. The online archives were initially non-commercial hand-tended and fandom- or topic-specific. These archives were followed by non-commercial automated databases. In 1998, the not-for-profit site FanFiction.Net came online, which allowed anyone to upload content in any fandom. The ability to self-publish fan fiction at an easily-accessible common archive that did not require insider knowledge to join, and the ability to review the stories directly on the site, became popular quite quickly. FanFiction.net now hosts millions of stories in dozens of languages, and as of 2003 was widely considered the largest most popular fan fiction archive online. Its indiscriminate policy of accepting any and all submissions has led to its being fondly/derogatively nicknamed "The Pit of Voles".
LiveJournal (founded in 1999) and other blogging services played a large part in the move away from mailing lists (both electronic and amateur press associations) to blogs as a means for fan communication and the sharing of fan fiction. Although much fan fiction today is published to archives, it would be impossible to tell whether more or less fan fiction today is posted directly to blogging services than to fan-fiction-specific archives, particularly since many authors maintain accounts on multiple sites and liberally cross-post their stories.
On May 22, 2013, the online retailer Amazon.com established a new publishing service, Kindle Worlds. This service would enable fan fiction stories of certain licensed media properties to be sold in the Kindle Store with terms including 35% of net sales for works of 10,000 words or more and 20% for short fiction ranging from 5000 to 10,000 words. However, this arrangement includes restrictions on content, copyright violations, poor document formatting and/or using misleading titles.
Japanese dōjinshi.
A similar trend in Japan also began appearing around the 1960s and 1970s, where independently published manga and novels, known as "dōjinshi", are frequently published by dōjin circles; many of these dōjinshi are based on existing manga, anime, and video game franchises. Manga authors like Shotaro Ishinomori and Fujiko Fujio formed dōjin groups such as Fujio's . At this time dōjin groups were used by artists to make a professional debut. This changed in the coming decades with dōjin groups forming as school clubs and the like. This culminated in 1975 with the Comiket in Tokyo.
Categories and types.
Fan fiction can be categorized in a number of ways. Some of these categories are similar to original fiction (e.g. romance); some are specialized (e.g. Mary Sue stories). Please note: these categories apply to western fandoms. Fandoms in other parts of the world have different conventions.
Relationship to canon.
Stories are also categorized by their relationship to canon. The most common term is alternate universe which is frequently abbreviated AU. There are two main sub-categories of alternate universe fan fiction: stories that exist in the same "world" as canon, but change one or more major plot points (e.g. a character dies who is still alive in the source material or some event in the characters' lives is altered) and stories that take some or all characters from the source material and put them in an entirely different situation (e.g. Harry Potter and Hermione Granger are a "soul-bonded" couple rather than Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger being a couple). In some cases, only names, genders, locations and sometimes relationships are retained, with everything else different, such as the characters of the Harry Potter universe all being normal humans instead of wizards. Fan fiction work sometimes include Dark! or Fem! prefixes before names in their summaries. Fem! denotes of a male character in canon either born female or made female intentionally or by accident. Dark! denotes a character showing the evil part of their personality throughout most, if not all, of the story.
There are several categories of "canon" stories as well, that is, stories that do not contradict the source material in any way. Missing scenes fill in parts of the story that were "left out" of the source. Episode Codas (a term that applies only to fan fiction based on animated or televised works) are stories that pick up at the end of an episode. These are usually written shortly after an episode airs, when viewers are left wanting more. Other categories, like pre- and post-series refer to stories that depict events taking place outside the chronological scope of the source material. Futurefic refers to any story that takes place after the currently available canon.
Romantic or sexual pairings.
There are four main categories that refer to the romantic or sexual story elements. "Slash", "Femslash", "Het", and "Gen" (short for "General"). In almost all fandoms, slash refers to same-sex male pairings. The term originates from the slash between the names of the characters in a relationship (e.g. Kirk/Spock). Although all types of pairings in many fandoms are denoted with a slash (anime fans use an "x" instead), only same-sex pairings are referred to by that term. (Thus, although often written out as "Harry/Ginny", to use a canon heterosexual relationship from the Harry Potter fandom, these relationships would not be called slash.) Femslash, or sometimes femmeslash, refers to same-sex female pairings.
Sometimes pairings are represented as portmanteau words combining the names of both parties (e.g. Johnlock for Sherlock/John) similar to the popularity of celebrity couple nicknames such as Brangelina.
More women than men read romantic fan fiction. While men who are attracted to an actress often search for revealing photographs of her, women attracted to an actor are more likely to seek out erotic stories featuring a character he plays. A fan of Orlando Bloom, for example, might search for "Legolas erotica".
Genres and tropes.
As with other forms of fiction, fan fiction stories can be written in any genre. There are some specialized genre categories that only apply to fan fiction or, at least, the terminology is specific. "Crack", a story with a deliberately bizarre premise, such as a nonsensical crossover; "angst"; and "fluff", "schmoop" or "WAFF (Warm And Fuzzy Feeling)" for a "feel good" story, are well-known examples.
Certain tropes are also used and reused in fan fiction. There are so many of these that it would be impossible to name them all, and they vary greatly from fandom to fandom. AUs (alternate universes) are common in many fandoms; "hurt-comfort" is also broadly popular.
Mary Sue is a trope originating in Star Trek fan fiction that has crossed over to the mainstream, at least among editors and writers. In much early "Trek" fanfic, a common plot was a minor member of the USS "Enterprise's" crew saving the life of Captain Kirk or Mister Spock, often being rewarded with a sexual relationship as a result. A Mary Sue is an idealized character representing the author.
Kinks.
The term kink has a somewhat different connotation in reference to fan fiction than it does in mainstream culture. Sexual tropes or situations are often referred to as kinks whether or not they are particularly "adventurous." Sometimes the term is even more broadly applied to describe plots or tropes that people enjoy, regardless of whether or not they are sexual in nature.
Crossovers.
Crossovers are stories that incorporate two or more different sources. For example, an author may take a character from Canon A and place him or her in the universe of Canon B, or characters from two or more fandoms may meet at a neutral location (e.g.; Harry Potter x or Lord of the Rings x Star Wars). In some cases, particularly with series whose universes might theoretically overlap as to space and time, the assumption may be made (for story purposes) that the characters exist in the same broad universe. These stories may include romantic or sexual pairings between characters from different canons. They can be made as a fan-made story that meant to be unofficially taken as canon either by being a sequel to one form of media or create an alternate timeline.
Length.
Categorization by story length varies greatly among fandoms and among individuals. It is a common practice in many fandoms to list word count in the header information, especially on LiveJournal. Fanfiction.net and other archives may have their own specialized rules. Terminology for story length also varies. Some commonly used terms are drabble (either a story of exactly 100 words or a very short story), ficlet (longer than a drabble, but still very short) and one-shot (only a chapter long). Longer stories may be called longfic, epic, full-length, or novel-length, but these are typically not labels that would be applied by the author.
Ratings.
It is common, especially in fandoms based on U.S. source material, to provide a rating based on MPAA movie ratings G through NC-17. Ratings are usually accompanied by a brief statement of the reason for the rating such as sexual content, violence, or profanity. "Adult" or "Mature" are also commonly used to refer to content equivalent to an R or NC-17 rating.
On Fanfiction.net, the ratings are as follows:
Story creation in the online era.
Fan fiction is often posted serialized as a "work in progress" or WIP, with new chapters published in sequence, sometimes as soon as they are finished. Chapters may take anything from a day to several months to be updated and often remind readers of their place in the story with each new installment. Most archives allow authors to upload individual chapters sequentially under a single title with a main link to the first chapter, and each chapter easily linked to via a drop down menu.
It is often considered wise in fan fiction circles to acquire the aid of a "beta reader," sometimes shortened to "beta," whose responsibilities are roughly those of a professional editor to a commercial author—with the exception that the "beta" is most commonly a volunteer who works without pay and on a casual basis and communicates through E-mail or private message systems. Writers are discouraged in some circles from posting fan fiction that has not at least been checked for grammatical, spelling, consistency and plot errors by a beta reader. In late February 2008, FanFiction.net set up an area of their site that contains a list of authors willing to "beta" other authors' "fics".
Interactivity in the online era.
Unlike traditional print publication, the internet offers the option of giving and receiving rapid feedback or "reviews". Reviews can be given by both anonymous and registered users of most sites, and sites are often programmed to notify the author of new feedback, making them a common way for readers and authors online to communicate directly. This system is intended for a type of bond between the reader and the writer, as well as helping the author improve his or her writing skills through constructive criticism, enabling him or her to produce a better work next time. Occasionally unmoderated review systems are abused to send flames, spam or trolling messages. As a result, the author of the story can either disable or enable anonymous reviews, depending on his/her preference. Internet fan fiction gives young writers a wider audience for their literary efforts than ever before, resulting in improved literacy.
Recently fan fiction has seen greater use of the forum or LiveJournal blog format. Built around message board systems, stories are posted on threads with feedback interlaced and immediate. This style of fan fiction is more interactive but also can be a distraction since the stories and comments are between each other. These communication methods make fan fiction sites and blogs useful affinity spaces as writers are able to take readers' feedback and improve their skills and abilities as writers. This informal learning is a side benefit for many fan fiction authors, some of whom eventually attempt or go on to writing professionally.
Also, fanfiction.net is very famous for a broad range of fan fiction stories. It allows readers to follow, favorite, and review stories as well as publish their own. It is currently one of the biggest fan fiction archive website.
Legality.
Fan fiction is a derivative work under United States copyright law.
Some argue that fan fiction does not fall under fair use. The 2009 ruling by United States District Court judge Deborah A. Batts, permanently prohibiting publication in the United States of a book by a Swedish writer whose protagonist is a 76-year-old version of Holden Caulfield of "The Catcher in the Rye", may be seen as upholding this position regarding publishing fan fiction, as the judge stated, "To the extent Defendants contend that 60 Years and the character of Mr. C direct parodied comment or criticism at "Catcher" or Holden Caulfield, as opposed to Salinger himself, the Court finds such contentions to be post-hoc rationalizations employed through vague generalizations about the alleged naivety of the original, rather than reasonably perceivable parody."
Others such as the Organization for Transformative Works uphold the legality of non-profit fan fiction under the fair use doctrine, as it is a creative, transformative process.
In 1981, Lucasfilms Ltd. sent out a letter to several fanzine publishers, asserting Lucasfilm's copyright to all "Star Wars" characters and insisting that no fanzine publish pornography. The letter also alluded to possible legal action that could be taken against fanzines that did not comply. Later that year, the director and legal counsel of the Official Star Wars Fan Club sent fanzine publishers a set of official guidelines. Lucasfilms supported fan publications contingent on their upholding these guidelines.
The Harry Potter Lexicon is one case where the encyclopaedia-like website about everything in the Harry Potter series, moved towards publishing and commercializing the Lexicon as a supplementary and complementary source of information to the series. Rowling and her publishers levied a lawsuit against the website creator, Steven Vander Ark, and the publishing company, RDR Books, for a breach of copyright. While the lawsuit did conclude in Vander Ark's favor, the main issue in contention was the majority of the Lexicon copied a majority of the Series' material and does not transform enough of the material to be held separately from the series itself.
While the HP Lexicon case is an example of Western culture treatment of fan fiction and copyright law, in China, Harry Potter fan fiction is less addressed in legal conflicts but is used as a cultural and educational tool between Western and Chinese cultures. More specifically, while there are a number of "fake" Harry Potter books in China, most of these books are treated as addressing concepts and issues found in Chinese culture. This transformative usage of Harry Potter in fan fiction is mainly from the desire to enhance and express value to Chinese tradition and culture.
In recent years, several prominent authors have given their blessings to fan fiction, notably J.K. Rowling. Rowling said she was "flattered" that people wanted to write their own stories based on her fictional characters. Similarly, Stephenie Meyer has put links on her website to fan fiction sites about her characters from the "Twilight" series. The "Fifty Shades" trilogy was developed from a "Twilight" fan fiction originally titled "Master of the Universe" and published episodically on fan-fiction websites under the pen name "Snowqueen's Icedragon". The piece featured characters named after Stephenie Meyer's characters in "Twilight", Edward Cullen and Bella Swan.
As an example of changing views on the subject, author Orson Scott Card (best known for the "Enders Game" series) once stated on his website, "to write fiction using my characters is morally identical to moving into my house without invitation and throwing out my family." He changed his mind completely and since has assisted fan fiction contests, arguing to the "Wall Street Journal" that "Every piece of fan fiction is an ad for my book. What kind of idiot would I be to want that to disappear?"
However, Anne Rice has consistently and aggressively prevented fan fiction based on any of her "fictional" characters (mostly those from her famous "Interview with the Vampire" and its sequels in "The Vampire Chronicles"). She, along with Anne McCaffrey (whose stance has been changed by her son, Todd McCaffrey, since her death) and Raymond Feist, have asked to have any fiction related to their series removed from FanFiction.Net. George R.R. Martin, who was selected by "Time" magazine as one of the "2011 Time 100" and is most famous for his epic fantasy series, "A Song of Ice and Fire", is also strongly opposed to fan fiction, believing it to be copyright infringement and a bad exercise for aspiring writers. Sharon Lee and Steve Miller, creators of the Liaden universe, strongly oppose fan fiction written in their universe. "I don’t want “other people interpreting” our characters. Interpreting our characters is what Steve and I do; it’s our job. Nobody else is going to get it right. This may sound rude and elitist, but honestly, it’s not easy for us to get it right sometimes, and we’ve been living with these characters. . .for a very long time... We built our universes, and our characters; they are our intellectual property; and they are not toys lying about some virtual sandbox for other kids to pick up and modify at their whim. Steve and I do not sanction fanfic written in our universes; any such work that exists, exists without our permission, and certainly without our support."

</doc>
<doc id="18949850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949850" title="Steel Fist Riku">
Steel Fist Riku

Plot.
"Steel Fist Riku" is set in a world where humans co-exist with half-human animals but otherwise is similar to the real world. A small village where Iwao Rokuhara, once a promising fighter, works in a movie photo store
with an orphan girl which he took in and gave the name Riku, making her his pupil and (more or less) adopted daughter. Riku was born with the ability to make her left fist become steel.
Reception.
Carlo Santos, a columnist for the Anime News Network, gava a positive review to "Steel Fist Riku". He found the manga surprising fun to read with "snappy action scenes, sprightly humor, and amusing characters".

</doc>
<doc id="18949851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949851" title="186th Infantry Regiment (United States)">
186th Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 186th Infantry Regiment is a combat regiment of the United States Army made up of soldiers from the Oregon Army National Guard. The 1st battalion of the regiment is currently active and as of February 2007 stateside, however, individual members are in Iraq as replacements for other active duty units. The 1/186th's higher headquarters is the 41st Infantry Brigade Combat Team, headquartered in Tigard, Oregon. Its higher headquarters, in turn, is the 40th Infantry Division
History.
The 186th Infantry Regiment was constituted on 7 December 1921, as a separate Battalion in the Oregon Army National Guard. By 31 March 1922, it was re-designated the 1st Battalion, 186th Infantry, and was made up of companies from Gresham, Portland, Hood River, Cottage Grove and Medford.
World War II.
For nearly twenty years, soldiers of the Regiment conducted normal peacetime training, but then, in 1940, they were inducted into Federal service for a year of training. When war broke out with the attack on Pearl Harbor, the year extended into 'the duration' of World War II. The 186th, as a part of the 41st Infantry Division, was one of the first American Combat units to be sent overseas. The Regiment served in the Pacific Theater, with the first year spent in further training in Australia. 
Papua-New Guinea was the site of the Regiment's first combat. Working with the other Regiments of the Division and elements of the Australian Army, the 186th helped overcome difficult resistance by Japanese troops. The Papuan campaign lasted from early January into September 1943. The Regiment landed in New Guinea in April 1944 and helped secure that archipelago by late July. Following reorganization, the effort shifted to the invasion of the Philippines. 
The 186th went ashore on Palawan Island, in the southern Philippines, in February, 1945. That campaign lasted for the remainder of the war. With the 186th scheduled to take part in the invasion of Japan, planned for November, the end of the war allowed the Regiment to enter Japan peacefully, as occupation troops instead. In December 1945, the Regiment, and the 41st Division, were deactivated in Japan, and left active service.
Post-World War II.
The Regiment was re-organized in December 1946, with Headquarters originally located in Portland. In 1968, another re-organization reduced the Regiment to a single Battalion, and Headquarters was moved to Ashland. Units are currently located in Ashland, Medford, Grants Pass, Roseburg and Klamath Falls. The primary mission since World War II has been to train for war, though no units have been mobilized for a war mission since that time.
Training takes place locally most of the year. The two week annual training normally is conducted at Ft. Lewis, Washington; Camp Roberts, CA, or Camp Rilea, OR. Companies have also traveled to England and Japan for training, and the entire 41st Brigade trained at JRTC in Louisiana in 1998.
Members of the 1st Battalion have also been mobilized to fight forest fires or provide assistance during floods. The increasing need for troops to supplement active Army missions has also resulted in the first federal mobilization of one of the Battalion's rifle companies since World War II. As a result, Bravo company spent four months near Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, to provide security for Patriot missile batteries.
As of mid-April 2002, the 1-186th Infantry was preparing to deploy for a six-month rotation and assume peacekeeping duties in the Sinai region of Egypt in July 2002, as part of the U.S. portion of the Multinational Force and Observers (MFO) mission. The unit was slated to replace the active-duty 172nd Separate Infantry Brigade out of Fort Wainwright, Alaska, which had originally been tasked to provide one of its battalions for the next MFO rotation. The switch was to enable freeing an active-duty unit for other missions related to the War on Terrorism if needed, and marked only the second time a reserve-component unit has been called upon to perform the Sinai mission. As of mid-April 2002, the 1-186th was scheduled to train at Fort Carson, CO, for the last of its mobilization requirements in May, and formally assume the U.S. portion of the MFO mission in July.
The 1st Battalion, 186th Infantry sent one company from Roseburg, Oregon to Iraq in 2003 as part of the 2nd Battalion, 162nd Infantry. In 2005 the battalion deployed to Louisiana to conduct disaster relief operations following Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. The battalion also sent a company from Medford, Oregon to Afghanistan in 2006 with the 41st Infantry Brigade Combat Team as part of Combined Joint Task Force Phoenix V.
In 2009 the battalion deployed to Iraq. Headquartered at Ali Air Base near Tallil, Iraq, it conducted convoy security operations as part of Multi-National Forces - Iraq and the 13th Expeditionary Sustainment Command. One company was detached to Camp Korean Village in the western desert, and the battalion had two additional companies attached to it: the 1055th Transportation Company from South Carolina and the 720th Convoy Security Company from New Mexico. The battalion returned from the deployment in April, 2010.
Distinctive unit insignia.
A Gold color metal and enamel device in height overall consisting of a shield blazoned: Azure a tower (with doors partly opened) Argent masoned Or debruised by two dexter arms embowed fessways the forearms in saltire habited in chain armor each hand grasping a sword of the last the swords crossed in saltire. On a chief of the third a rose Gules barbed and seeded Proper. Attached below and to the sides of the shield a Blue scroll inscribed “CUSTODES ? PORTAE ? OCCIDENTIS” in Gold letters. 
The rose is the general flower of the Northwest. The two arms interlocked are indicative of military strength, ready to strike at an enemy who endeavors to enter the United States through the “Western Gate” (represented by the gateway in the tower). They further allude to the fact that the parent organization, the 186th Infantry Regiment, had elements in both Idaho and Oregon. The motto translates to “Guards of the Western Gate.” 
The distinctive unit insignia was approved on 18 May 1925.
Coat of arms.
Blazon.
Azure a tower (with doors partly opened) Gray masoned Sable debruised by two dexter arms embowed fessways the forearms in saltire habited in chain armor each hand grasping a sword Or hilted Sable the swords crossed in saltire. On a chief of the fourth a rose Gules barbed and seeded Proper. 
That for the regiments and separate battalions of the Oregon Army National Guard: On a wreath of the colors Or and Azure, a demi-disc Gules charged with the setting sun with twelve light rays Or (the shoulder sleeve insignia of the 41st Division), behind a beaver sejant Proper. 
Motto "Custodes Portae Occidents" (Guardians of the Western Gates)
Symbolism.
The rose is the general flower of the Northwest. The two arms interlocked are indicative of military strength, ready to strike at an enemy who endeavors to enter the United States through the “Western Gate” (represented by the gateway in the tower). They further allude to the fact that the parent organization, the 186th Infantry Regiment, had elements in both Idaho and Oregon. 
The crest is that of the Oregon Army National Guard.
Background.
The coat of arms was approved on 28 May 1924. It was amended to delete the crest for the State of Idaho on 22 April 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="18949854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949854" title="Ghulam Hussain Hidayatullah">
Ghulam Hussain Hidayatullah

Sir Ghulam Hussain Hidayatullah (, ) was a politician from Sindh, Pakistan.
Sir Ghulam Hussain Hidayatullah was born in 1879 at Shikarpur and received his education from Shikarpur High School, Sindh Madressah, Karachi, D. J. Sindh College, Karachi and Government Law College, Bombay.
After completing his LL.B. in 1902, he started his legal practice in Hyderabad Sindh. He started his public career as Vice President of the Hyderabad Municipality. Hidayatullah was also the first Non-official President of the Hyderabad District Board. In 1921 he became a Member of the Bombay Legislative Council.
In the same year, he was appointed a Minister in the Bombay Government, an office which he occupied till 1928 when he was made a Member of the Executive council of the Governor of Bombay. He served in this capacity til11934.
As a Minister, Ghulam Hussain Hidayatullah was associated with the famous 'Sukkur Barrage project' which contributed so much to the prosperity of Sindh in later years. He was awarded the titles of 'Khan Bahadur', 'Knight' and 'The K.C.S.I.' but renounced all his titles when the Muslim League in 1946 decided on a policy of renunciation of titles conferred by the British Government.
Ghulam Hussain Hidayatullah, along with Khan Bahadur Muhammad Ayub Khuhro, Syed Miran Shah and Sir Shah Nawaz Bhutto, represented Sindh in the Round Table Conferences in London.
They convinced the Chairman of the 'Committee on Sindh' that Sindh was not to be a deficit province and had sufficient revenue and administrative capability to be a full fledged province. Sindh was separated from Bombay and its first assembly came into being in 1937.
After the separation of Sindh from Bombay Sir Ghulam Hussain Hidayatullah became the first Chief Minister and remained so until 1947 with two short breaks when Allah Bux Soomro and Mir Bande Ali Talpur had formed their Governments. Sir Ghulam Hussain became the Chief Minister of Sindh three times.
In 1938, the Sindh Assembly passed a resolution demanding a separate homeland for the Muslims of India. In 1943, the Sindh Government became the first Provincial Assembly of the sub-continent to pass an official resolution in favour of the creation of Pakistan.
After independence Sir Ghulam Hussain Hidayatullah earned the unique distinction of being the only Pakistani Governor of a Province in Pakistan as all other Governors were British. This shows the faith and trust the Quaid-e-Azam laid in him.
Within a month of the passing away of the Quaid-e-Azam, Sir Ghulam Hussain Hidayatullah the "Grand Old Man of Sindh" died in Karachi on the October 4, 1948.
Career.
Hidayatullah served as the Chief Minister of Sindh for two separate terms. The first term was April 28, 1937 to March 23, 1938. The second term was March 7, 1941 to October 14, 1947, and served the longest tenure that any chief minister has so far held. After the independence, he became the first Governor of Sindh from August 14, 1947 to Oct 4, 1948. He died in office.

</doc>
<doc id="18949872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949872" title="David Weinberger">
David Weinberger

David Weinberger (born 1950) is an American technologist, professional speaker, and commentator, probably best known as co-author of the Cluetrain Manifesto (originally a website, and eventually a book, which has been described as
"a primer on Internet marketing" ). Weinberger's work focuses on how the Internet is changing human relationships, communication, and society.
A philosopher by training, he holds a Ph.D. from the University of Toronto and taught college from 1980-1986. He was a gag writer for the comic strip "Inside Woody Allen" from 1976-1983.
He became a marketing consultant and executive at several high-tech companies, and currently serves as a fellow at the Berkman Center for Internet and Society at Harvard Law School, where he co-teaches a class on "The Web Difference" with John Palfrey. In addition, he is Co-Director of the Harvard Library Innovation Lab at Harvard Law School. He had the title Senior Internet Advisor to Howard Dean's 2004 presidential campaign, and provided technology policy advice to John Edwards' 2008 presidential campaign.
He is the author of several books including "The Cluetrain Manifesto", "Small Pieces Loosely Joined: A Unified Theory of the Web", "Everything is Miscellaneous: The Power of the New Digital Disorder" and 2012 "Too Big to Know: Rethinking Knowledge Now That the Facts Aren't the Facts, Experts Are Everywhere, and the Smartest Person in the Room Is the Room".

</doc>
<doc id="18949878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949878" title="Kid Durbin">
Kid Durbin

Blaine Alphonsus "Kid" Durbin (September 10, 1886 – September 11, 1943) was a left-handed Major League Baseball outfielder and pitcher. He was born in Lamar, Missouri. Durbin was short for a Major League Baseball player, listed only at tall and weighing 155 pounds, which may have resulted in him not having a better chance to play at the big league level full-time.
Major League career.
Kid Durbin made his Major League debut on April 24, 1907, for the Chicago Cubs. That season, he appeared in 5 games as a pitcher, going 0–1 with a save. He also played the outfield in 5 games that season. He played for the Chicago Cubs during their 1907 and 1908 pennant-winning seasons but did not play either World Series. Before he was traded by the Cubs on January 18, 1909 along with Tom Downey to the Cincinnati Reds for John Kane, he had a batting average of only .250 and over 14 games played. He played six games for the Cincinnati Reds. A few months later, Durbin was traded on May 28, 1909 to the Pittsburgh Pirates for Ward Miller and cash. He finished his Major League career with the Pittsburgh Pirates, playing his final game on June 30, 1909.
After career.
After playing a few years in Minor League Baseball, Durbin retired as a baseball player. Kid Durbin became married after his Major League Baseball career, also becoming a baker in a restaurant after his career. Just 1 day after his 57th birthday on September 11, 1943, Durbin died due to a coronary thrombosis in Kirkwood, Missouri. Durbin's burial is located at Saint Peters Cemetery in Normandy at St. Louis County in Missouri. Durbin was memorialized as the protagonist in the historical novel "The Best Team Ever" (2008) by Alan Alop and Doc Noel (ISBN 978-1935098027).

</doc>
<doc id="18949879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949879" title="Douglas Coupland">
Douglas Coupland

Douglas Coupland (pronounced ) (born December 30, 1961) is a Canadian novelist. His fiction is complemented by recognized works in design and visual art arising from his early formal training. His first novel, the 1991 international bestseller "", popularized terms such as "McJob" and "Generation X". He has published thirteen novels, two collections of short stories, seven non-fiction books, and a number of dramatic works and screenplays for film and television. A specific feature of Coupland's novels is their synthesis of postmodern religion, Web 2.0 technology, human sexuality, and pop culture.
Coupland lives in West Vancouver, British Columbia with his partner David Weir. He published his twelfth novel "Generation A" in 2009. He also released an updated version of "City of Glass" and a biography on Marshall McLuhan for Penguin Canada in their "Extraordinary Canadians" series, called '. He is the presenter of the 2010 Massey Lectures, and a companion novel to the lectures, "Player One – What Is to Become of Us: A Novel in Five Hours". Coupland has been longlisted twice for the Scotiabank Giller Prize in 2006 and 2010, respectively, was a finalist for the Writers' Trust Fiction Prize in 2009, and was nominated for the Hubert Evans Non-Fiction Prize in 2011 for '.
Early life.
Coupland was born on December 30, 1961 at Royal Canadian Air Force base "RCAF Station Baden-Soellingen" (later CFB Baden-Soellingen) in Baden-Söllingen, West Germany, the second of four sons to Dr. Douglas Charles Thomas Coupland, a medical officer in the Royal Canadian Air Force, and homemaker C. Janet Coupland, a graduate in comparative religion from McGill University. In 1965, the Coupland family relocated to West Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, where Coupland's father opened private family medical practice at the completion of his military tour.
Coupland describes his upbringing as producing a "blank slate". "My mother comes from a sour-faced family of preachers who from the 19th century to well into the 20th scoured the prairies thumping Bibles. Her parents tried to get away from that but unwittingly transmitted their values to my mother. My father's family weren't that different."
Graduating from Sentinel Secondary School in West Vancouver in 1979, Coupland went to McGill University with the intention of (like his father) studying the sciences, specifically physics. Coupland left McGill at the year's end and returned to Vancouver to attend art school.
At the Emily Carr College of Art and Design (now the Emily Carr University of Art and Design) on Granville Island in Vancouver, in Coupland's words, "I ... had the best four years of my life. It's the one place I've felt truly, totally at home. It was a magic era between the hippies and the PC goon squads. Everyone talked to everyone and you could ask anybody anything." Coupland graduated from Emily Carr in 1984 with a focus on sculpture, and moved on to study at the European Design Institute in Milan, Italy and the Hokkaido College of Art and Design in Sapporo, Japan. He also completed courses in business science, fine art, and industrial design in Japan in 1986.
Established as a designer working in Tokyo, Coupland suffered a skin condition brought on by Tokyo's summer climate, and returned to Vancouver. Before leaving Japan, Coupland had sent a postcard ahead to a friend in Vancouver. The friend's husband, a magazine editor, read the postcard and offered Coupland a job writing for the magazine. Coupland began writing for magazines as a means of paying his studio bills. Reflecting on his becoming a writer, Coupland has admitted that he became one "By accident. I never wanted to be a writer. Now that I do it, there's nothing else I'd rather do."
Coupland's work regimen has been characterized as anti-slacker. He works seven days a week, with no vacations. Coupland is quoted as saying: "I've never taken a holiday. To lie on a beach someplace seems almost sinful. What's the point of being around unless you're working on something?"
Novels.
"Generation X" to "Life After God".
From 1989 to 1990, Coupland lived in the Mojave Desert working on a handbook about the birth cohort that followed the baby boom. He received a $22,500 advance from St. Martin's Press to write the nonfiction handbook. Instead, Coupland wrote a novel, "". It was rejected in Canada before being accepted by an American publishing house in 1991. Reflecting on the writing of his debut novel years later, Coupland said, "I remember spending my days almost dizzy with loneliness and feeling like I'd sold the family cow for three beans. I suppose it was this crippling loneliness that gave Gen X its bite. I was trying to imagine a life for myself on paper that certainly wasn't happening in reality." Not an instant success, the novel steadily increased in sales, eventually attracting a following behind its core idea of "Generation X". Over his own protestations, Coupland was dubbed the spokesperson for a generation, stating in 2006 "I was just doing what I do and people sort of stuck that on to me. It's not like I spend my days thinking that way." Terms popularized by Coupland in the novel, including "Generation X" and "McJob", ultimately entered the vernacular.
"Shampoo Planet".
His second novel, "Shampoo Planet", was published by Pocket Books in 1992. It focused on the generation after Generation X, the group called "Global Teens" in his first novel and now generally labeled Generation Y. Coupland permanently moved back to Vancouver soon after the novel was published. He had spent his "twenties scouring the globe thinking there had to be a better city out there, until it dawned on that Vancouver is the best one going". He wrote a collection of small books, which together were compiled, after the advice of his publisher, into the book "Life After God". This collection of short stories, with its focus on spirituality, initially provoked polarized reaction before eventually revealing itself as a bellwether text for the avant-garde sensibility identified by Ferdinand Mount as "Christian post-Christian".
"Microserfs" to "All Families are Psychotic".
In 1994, Coupland was working for the newly formed magazine "Wired". While there, Coupland wrote a short story about the life of the employees at Microsoft Corporation. This short work provided the inspiration for a novel, "Microserfs". To research the culture that the novel depicted, Coupland had moved to Palo Alto, California and immersed himself in Silicon Valley life.
Coupland followed "Microserfs" with his first collection of non-fiction pieces, in 1996. "Polaroids from the Dead" is a manifold of stories and essays on diverse topics, including: Grateful Dead concerts; Harolding; Kurt Cobain's death; the visiting of a German reporter; and a comprehensive essay on Brentwood, California, written at the time of the O. J. Simpson murder case and the anniversary of Marilyn Monroe's death.
That same year Coupland toured Europe to promote "Microserfs", but the high workload brought on fatigue and mental strain. He reportedly incorporated his experience with depression during this period into his next novel, "Girlfriend in a Coma". Coupland noted that this was his last novel to be "...written as a young person, the last constructed from notebooks full of intricate observations".
In 1998, Coupland contributed the short story "Fire At The Ativan Factory" to the collection "Disco 2000", and in 2000, he published "Miss Wyoming".
Coupland then published his photographic paean to Vancouver, "City of Glass". The book incorporates sections from "Life After God" and "Polaroids from the Dead" into a visual narrative, formed from photographs of Vancouver locations and life supplemented by stock footage mined from local newspaper archives.
Coupland's next novel, "All Families Are Psychotic", tells the story of a dysfunctional family from Vancouver coming together to watch their daughter Sarah, an astronaut, launch into space.
In 2004, the dormant Saarinen-designed TWA Flight Center (now Jetblue Terminal 5) at JFK Airport briefly hosted an art exhibition called Terminal 5, curated by Rachel K. Ward and featuring the work of 18 artists including Coupland.
"Souvenir of Canada" to "Worst. Person. Ever.".
The promotional rounds for "All Families are Psychotic" were underway when the September 11 attacks took place. In a play called "September 10" performed later at Stratford-upon-Avon by the Royal Shakespeare Company, Coupland felt that this was the last day of the 1990s, and the new century had now truly begun.
The first book that Coupland published after the September 11 attacks was "Souvenir of Canada", which expanded his earlier "City of Glass" to incorporate the whole of Canada. There are two volumes in this series, which was conceived as an explanation to non-Canadians of uniquely Canadian things.
Coupland's second book in this period, "Hey Nostradamus!", describes a fictitious high school shooting similar to the Columbine High School in 1999 Coupland relocates the events to school in North Vancouver, Canada.
Coupland followed "Hey Nostradamus!" with "Eleanor Rigby". Similarly to the titular original written and sung by The Beatles, the novel examines loneliness. The novel received some positive acclaim as a more mature work, a notable example being novelist Ali Smith's review of the book for the "Guardian" newspaper.
Using the format of "City of Glass" and "Souvenir of Canada", Coupland released a book for the Terry Fox Foundation called "Terry". It is a photographic look back on the life of Fox, the result of Coupland's exhaustive research through the Terry Fox archives, including thousands of emotional letters from Canadians written to Fox during his one-legged marathon across Canada on Highway 1.
The third work of fiction in this period, written concurrently with the non-fiction "Terry", is another re-envisioning of a previous book. "jPod", billed as "Microserfs" for the Google generation, is his first Web 2.0 novel. The text of "jPod" recreates the experience of a novel read online on a notebook computer. "jPod" was a popular success, giving rise to a CBC Television series for which Coupland wrote the script. The series lasted one season before cancellation.
Coupland's next novel, "The Gum Thief", followed "jPod" in 2007. "The Gum Thief" was Coupland's first foray into the standard epistolary novel format following the 'laptop diaries'/'blog' formats of "Microserfs" and "jPod".
Coupland published his eleventh novel, "Generation A", in late 2009. In terms of style, "Generation A" "mirrors the structure of 1991's "" as it champions the act of reading and storytelling as one of the few defenses we still have against the constant bombardment of the senses in a digital world". The novel takes place in the near future, after bees have become extinct, and focuses on five people from around the globe who are connected by being stung.
Coupland's contribution for the 2010 Massey Lectures, as opposed to a standard long essay, was 50,000 word novel entitled "Player One – What Is to Become of Us: A Novel in Five Hours". Coupland wrote the novel as five hour-long lectures aired on CBC Radio from Nov. 8–12, 2010. According to Coupland, the novel "...presents a wide array of modes to view the mind, the soul, the body, the future, eternity, technology, and media." and is set "In a B-list Toronto airport hotel’s cocktail lounge in August of 2010."
The lecture/novel was published in its own right on October 7, 2010. House of Anansi Press' advance publicity for the novel stated that "Coupland's 2010 Massey Lecture is a real-time, five-hour story set in an airport cocktail lounge during a global disaster. Five disparate people are trapped inside: Karen, a single mother waiting for her online date; Rick, the down-on-his-luck airport lounge bartender; Luke, a pastor on the run; Rachel, a cool Hitchcock blonde incapable of true human contact; and finally a mysterious voice known as Player One. Slowly, each reveals the truth about themselves while the world as they know it comes to an end. In the tradition of Kurt Vonnegut and J. G. Ballard, Coupland explores the modern crises of time, human identity, society, religion, and the afterlife. The book asks as many questions as it answers, and readers will leave the story with no doubt that we are in a new phase of existence as a species – and that there is no turning back." On September 20, 2010, "Player One" was announced as part of the initial longlist for the 2010 Scotiabank Giller Prize literary award, Coupland's second longlisting for the prize after being longlisted in 2006 with "jPod". However, the book didn't make it any further than the longlist and Coupland was denied the honour a second time, with the prize being eventually won by Johanna Skibsrud for her novel "The Sentimentalists (novel)".
Coupland followed "Player One" in November 2011 with a second short stories collection in collaboration with the artist Graham Roumieu entitled "Highly Inappropriate Tales for Young People"."...Young People" was a collection of seven short stories written by Coupland with illustrations provided by Romieu, described by the publisher as "Seven pants-peeingly funny stories featuring seven evil characters you can't help but love". The stories in the collection are 'Donald, the Incredibly Hostile Juice Box'; 'Kevin, the Hobo Minivan with Extremely Low Morals'; 'Brandon, the Action Figure with Issues'; 'Sandra, the Truly Dreadful Babysitter'; 'Hans, the Weird Exchange Student'; 'Cindy, the Terrible Role Model'; and, 'Mr. Fraser, the Undead Substitute Teacher'.
Worst. Person. Ever. was released in Canada and the UK in October 2013. The novel is due for publication on April 3, 2014 in the United States.
Awards and recognition.
Coupland has been described as "...possibly the most gifted exegete of North American mass culture writing today." and "one of the great satirists of consumerism".
Coupland received an honorary degree from the University of British Columbia on May 27, 2010. The archives, which Coupland plans to continue to add to in the future, currently consist of 122 boxes and features about 30 metres of textual materials, including manuscripts, photos, visual art, fan mail, correspondence, press clippings, audio/visual material and more. One of the most notable inclusions in the collection includes the first hand-written manuscript of ‘Generation X,' scrawled on loose-leaf notebook paper and strewn with margin notes. In a statement issued on the UBC website Coupland said, “I am honoured that UBC has accepted my papers. I hope that within them, people in the future will find patterns and constellations that can’t be apparent to me or to anyone simply because they are there, and we are here...The donation process makes me feel old and yet young at the same time. I’m deeply grateful for UBC’s support and enthusiasm.” A new consignment of materials including "[... everything from doodles and fan mail to a bejeweled hornet’s nest to a Styrofoam le for the archive arrived in July 2012[...]" arrived for sorting in July 2012. The sorting and categorisation of the new material is being regularly blogged about by the three student archivists at UBC’s School of Archival and Information Studies.
Coupland received an honorary Doctor of Letters from Simon Fraser University in 2007. Coupland also received an honorary Doctor of Letters from the Emily Carr University of Art and Design in 2001.
On June 6, 2013 Coupland received an honorary doctorate degree from OCAD University, which was presented at the University's 2013 Convocation ceremony, which was held at Roy Thompson Hall, in Toronto, Ontario.
Coupland was made a member of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts in 2007. In 2013, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada "for his contributions to our examination of the contemporary human condition as a novelist, cultural commentator and artist".
Visual arts.
In 2000, Coupland resumed a visual arts practice dormant since 1989. His is a post-medium practice that employs a variety of materials. A common theme in his work is a curiosity with the corrupting and seductive dimensions of pop culture and 20th century pop art, especially that of Andy Warhol. Another recurring theme is military imagery, the result of growing up in a military family at the height of the Cold War. He is represented by the Clark & Faria Gallery in Toronto. In June 2010 he announced his first efforts as a clothing designer by collaborating with Roots Canada on a collection that is a representation of classic Canadian icons. The Roots X Douglas Coupland collection was announced in "The Globe and Mail" and featured clothing, art installations, sculpture, custom designed art and retail spaces.
In September 2010, Coupland, working with Toronto's PLANT Architect, won the art and design contract for a new national monument in Ottawa. "The Memorial" is to be erected for the Canadian Fallen Firefighters Foundation, and will be completed in April 2012.
Other notable works are:
Design work.
In the summer of 2010, Coupland, in collaboration with Roots Canada designed a well-received collection of summer streetwear for men and women, and a line of leather and non-leather accessories. The collection was sold in the avant garde clothing store Colette in Paris in September 2010.
Television.
In 2007 Coupland worked with the CBC to write and executive produce a television series based on his novel "jPod". Its 13 one-hour episodes aired in Canada in 2007. The show was cancelled despite a major viewer-initiated campaign to save it.
In February 2013, NBC announced that it was in negotiations with the actress Christina Ricci for her to star as Karen McNeil in a pilot for a television adaptation of Coupland's novel "Girlfriend in a Coma" put together by "Nurse Jackie" co-creator Liz Brixius.
Film.
2005 marked the release of a documentary about Coupland called "Souvenir of Canada". In it, Coupland works on a grand art project about Canada, recounts his life, and muses about various aspects of Canadian identity.
2006 brought the release of "Everything's Gone Green", a comedy film starring Paulo Costanzo, directed by Paul Fox, and written by Coupland. The film was produced by Radke Films and True West Films. The distributor is THINKFilm in Canada and Shoreline Entertainment elsewhere. The film, Coupland's first screenplay, won the award for best Canadian feature film at the 2006 Vancouver International Film Festival.
Upcoming works include "All Families Are Psychotic" and the "Extinction Event" miniseries.
Charity.
Coupland is involved with Canada's Terry Fox Foundation. In 2005, Douglas & McIntyre published "Terry", Coupland's biographical collection of photos and text essays about the life of legendary one-legged Canadian athlete Terry Fox. All proceeds from the book are donated to the foundation for cancer research. "Terry"s format is similar to that of Coupland's "City of Glass" and "Souvenir of Canada" books. Its release coincided with the 25th anniversary of Terry Fox's 1980 Marathon of Hope.
Coupland codesigned Toronto Park, eight-hectare urban park called the Canoe Landing Park in downtown Toronto adjacent to the Gardiner Expressway. The park, opened 2009, is embedded with a one-mile run called the Terry Fox Miracle Mile. The Miracle Mile contains art from "Terry".
Coupland has raised money for the Vancouver Art Gallery and the Western Canada Wilderness Committee by participating in advertising campaigns.
Coupland is also a regular contributor to Wikipedia; during his appearance at the Cheltenham Literary Festival (UK) in 2013, to promote his novel "Worst.Person.Ever.", Coupland said that he gives $200 a year the online encyclopaedia.

</doc>
<doc id="18949892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949892" title="Alma-Atinskaya (Moscow Metro)">
Alma-Atinskaya (Moscow Metro)

Alma-Atinskaya () is a southern terminus station of the Zamoskvoretskaya Line of the Moscow Metro. The station was opened on 24 December 2012.
On 29 November 2011 Moscow government decided to rename the station from "Brateyevo" () into "Alma-Atinskaya" after the Russian name of the city of Almaty, former capital of Kazakhstan. The change reflects the rename of "Molodyozhnaya" station of Almaty Metro, still under construction in 2012, to Moskva station as a sign of friendship between Russia and Kazakhstan.
Location.
The station located in the Brateyevo District. Entrances are near Brateyevskaya, Paromnaya and Klyuchevaya streets.

</doc>
<doc id="18949896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949896" title="Computer cluster">
Computer cluster

A computer cluster consists of a set of loosely connected or tightly connected computers that work together so that in many respects they can be viewed as a single system.
The components of a cluster are usually connected to each other through fast local area networks ("LAN"), with each "node" (computer used as a server) running its own instance of an operating system. Computer clusters emerged as a result of convergence of a number of computing trends including the availability of low cost microprocessors, high speed networks, and software for high performance distributed computing.
Clusters are usually deployed to improve performance and availability over that of a single computer, while typically being much more cost-effective than single computers of comparable speed or availability.
Computer clusters have a wide range of applicability and deployment, ranging from small business clusters with a handful of nodes to some of the fastest supercomputers in the world such as IBM's Sequoia.
Basic concepts.
The desire to get more computing power and better reliability by orchestrating a number of low cost commercial off-the-shelf computers has given rise to a variety of architectures and configurations.
The computer clustering approach usually (but not always) connects a number of readily available computing nodes (e.g. personal computers used as servers) via a fast local area network. The activities of the computing nodes are orchestrated by "clustering middleware", a software layer that sits atop the nodes and allows the users to treat the cluster as by and large one cohesive computing unit, e.g. via a single system image concept.
Computer clustering relies on a centralized management approach which makes the nodes available as orchestrated shared servers. It is distinct from other approaches such as peer to peer or grid computing which also use many nodes, but with a far more distributed nature.
A computer cluster may be a simple two-node system which just connects two personal computers, or may be a very fast supercomputer. A basic approach to building a cluster is that of a Beowulf cluster which may be built with a few personal computers to produce a cost-effective alternative to traditional high performance computing. An early project that showed the viability of the concept was the 133 nodes Stone Soupercomputer. The developers used Linux, the Parallel Virtual Machine toolkit and the Message Passing Interface library to achieve high performance at a relatively low cost.
Although a cluster may consist of just a few personal computers connected by a simple network, the cluster architecture may also be used to achieve very high levels of performance. The TOP500 organization's semiannual list of the 500 fastest supercomputers often includes many clusters, e.g. the world's fastest machine in 2011 was the K computer which has a distributed memory, cluster architecture.
History.
Greg Pfister has stated that clusters were not invented by any specific vendor but by customers who could not fit all their work on one computer, or needed a backup. Pfister estimates the date as some time in the 1960s. The formal engineering basis of cluster computing as a means of doing parallel work of any sort was arguably invented by Gene Amdahl of IBM, who in 1967 published what has come to be regarded as the seminal paper on parallel processing: Amdahl's Law.
The history of early computer clusters is more or less directly tied into the history of early networks, as one of the primary motivations for the development of a network was to link computing resources, creating a de facto computer cluster.
The first commercial clustering product was ARCnet, developed by Datapoint in 1977. Clustering per se did not really take off until Digital Equipment Corporation released their VAXcluster product in 1984 for the VAX/VMS operating system. The ARCnet and VAXcluster products not only supported parallel computing, but also shared file systems and peripheral devices. The idea was to provide the advantages of parallel processing, while maintaining data reliability and uniqueness. Two other noteworthy early commercial clusters were the "Tandem Himalayan" (a circa 1994 high-availability product) and the "IBM S/390 Parallel Sysplex" (also circa 1994, primarily for business use).
Within the same time frame, while computer clusters used parallelism outside the computer on a commodity network, supercomputers began to use them within the same computer. Following the success of the CDC 6600 in 1964, the Cray 1 was delivered in 1976, and introduced internal parallelism via vector processing. While early supercomputers excluded clusters and relied on shared memory, in time some of the fastest supercomputers (e.g. the K computer) relied on cluster architectures.
Attributes of clusters.
Computer clusters may be configured for different purposes ranging from general purpose business needs such as web-service support, to computation-intensive scientific calculations. In either case, the cluster may use a high-availability approach. Note that the attributes described below are not exclusive and a "compute cluster" may also use a high-availability approach, etc.
"Load-balancing" clusters are configurations in which cluster-nodes share computational workload to provide better overall performance. For example, a web server cluster may assign different queries to different nodes, so the overall response time will be optimized. However, approaches to load-balancing may significantly differ among applications, e.g. a high-performance cluster used for scientific computations would balance load with different algorithms from a web-server cluster which may just use a simple round-robin method by assigning each new request to a different node.
"Computer clusters" are used for computation-intensive purposes, rather than handling IO-oriented operations such as web service or databases. For instance, a computer cluster might support computational simulations of vehicle crashes or weather. Very tightly coupled computer clusters are designed for work that may approach "supercomputing".
"High-availability clusters" (also known as failover clusters, or HA clusters) improve the availability of the cluster approach. They operate by having redundant nodes, which are then used to provide service when system components fail. HA cluster implementations attempt to use redundancy of cluster components to eliminate single points of failure. There are commercial implementations of High-Availability clusters for many operating systems. The Linux-HA project is one commonly used free software HA package for the Linux operating system.
Benefits.
Low Cost: Customers can eliminate the cost and complexity of procuring, configuring and operating HPC clusters with low, pay-as-you-go pricing. Further, you can optimize costs by leveraging one of several pricing models: On Demand, Reserved or Spot Instances.
Elasticity: You can add and remove computer resources to meet the size and time requirements for your workloads.
Run Jobs Anytime, Anywhere: You can launch compute jobs using simple APIs or management tools and automate workflows for maximum efficiency and scalability. You can increase your speed of innovation by accessing computer resources in minutes instead of spending time in queues.
Design and configuration.
One of the issues in designing a cluster is how tightly coupled the individual nodes may be. For instance, a single computer job may require frequent communication among nodes: this implies that the cluster shares a dedicated network, is densely located, and probably has homogenous nodes. The other extreme is where a computer job uses one or few nodes, and needs little or no inter-node communication, approaching grid computing.
In a Beowulf system, the application programs never see the computational nodes (also called slave computers) but only interact with the "Master" which is a specific computer handling the scheduling and management of the slaves. In a typical implementation the Master has two network interfaces, one that communicates with the private Beowulf network for the slaves, the other for the general purpose network of the organization. The slave computers typically have their own version of the same operating system, and local memory and disk space. However, the private slave network may also have a large and shared file server that stores global persistent data, accessed by the slaves as needed.
By contrast, the special purpose 144 node DEGIMA cluster is tuned to running astrophysical N-body simulations using the Multiple-Walk parallel treecode, rather than general purpose scientific computations.
Due to the increasing computing power of each generation of game consoles, a novel use has emerged where they are repurposed into High-performance computing (HPC) clusters. Some examples of game console clusters are Sony PlayStation clusters and Microsoft Xbox clusters. Another example of consumer game product is the Nvidia Tesla Personal Supercomputer workstation, which uses multiple graphics accelerator processor chips.
Computer clusters have historically run on separate physical computers with the same operating system. With the advent of virtualization, the cluster nodes may run on separate physical computers with different operating systems which are painted above with a virtual layer to look similar. The cluster may also be virtualized on various configurations as maintenance takes place. An example implementation is Xen as the virtualization manager with Linux-HA.
Data sharing and communication.
Data sharing.
As the computer clusters were appearing during the 1980s, so were supercomputers. One of the elements that distinguished the three classes at that time was that the early supercomputers relied on shared memory. To date clusters do not typically use physically shared memory, while many supercomputer architectures have also abandoned it.
However, the use of a clustered file system is essential in modern computer clusters. Examples include the IBM General Parallel File System, Microsoft's Cluster Shared Volumes or the Oracle Cluster File System.
Message passing and communication.
Two widely used approaches for communication between cluster nodes are MPI, the Message Passing Interface and PVM, the Parallel Virtual Machine.
PVM was developed at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory around 1989 before MPI was available. PVM must be directly installed on every cluster node and provides a set of software libraries that paint the node as a "parallel virtual machine". PVM provides a run-time environment for message-passing, task and resource management, and fault notification. PVM can be used by user programs written in C, C++, or Fortran, etc.
MPI emerged in the early 1990s out of discussions among 40 organizations. The initial effort was supported by ARPA and National Science Foundation. Rather than starting anew, the design of MPI drew on various features available in commercial systems of the time. The MPI specifications then gave rise to specific implementations. MPI implementations typically use TCP/IP and socket connections. MPI is now a widely available communications model that enables parallel programs to be written in languages such as C, Fortran, Python, etc. Thus, unlike PVM which provides a concrete implementation, MPI is a specification which has been implemented in systems such as MPICH and Open MPI.
Cluster management.
One of the challenges in the use of a computer cluster is the cost of administrating it which can at times be as high as the cost of administrating N independent machines, if the cluster has N nodes. In some cases this provides an advantage to shared memory architectures with lower administration costs. This has also made virtual machines popular, due to the ease of administration.
Task scheduling.
When a large multi-user cluster needs to access very large amounts of data, task scheduling becomes a challenge. In a heterogeneous CPU-GPU cluster, which has a complex application environment the performance of each job depends on the characteristics of the underlying cluster, mapping tasks onto CPU cores and GPU devices provides significant challenges. This is an area of ongoing research and algorithms that combine and extend MapReduce and Hadoop have been proposed and studied.
Node failure management.
When a node in a cluster fails, strategies such as "fencing" may be employed to keep the rest of the system operational. Fencing is the process of isolating a node or protecting shared resources when a node appears to be malfunctioning. There are two classes of fencing methods; one disables a node itself, and the other disallows access to resources such as shared disks.
The STONITH method stands for "Shoot The Other Node In The Head", meaning that the suspected node is disabled or powered off. For instance, "power fencing" uses a power controller to turn off an inoperable node.
The "resources fencing" approach disallows access to resources without powering off the node. This may include "persistent reservation fencing" via the SCSI3, fibre Channel fencing to disable the fibre channel port or
Software development and administration.
Parallel programming.
Load balancing clusters such as web servers use cluster architectures to support a large number of users and typically each user request is routed to a specific node, achieving task parallelism without multi-node cooperation, given that the main goal of the system is providing rapid user access to shared data. However, "computer clusters" which perform complex computations for a small number of users need to take advantage of the parallel processing capabilities of the cluster and partition "the same computation" among several nodes.
Automatic parallelization of programs continues to remain a technical challenge, but parallel programming models can be used to effectuate a higher degree of parallelism via the simultaneous execution of separate portions of a program on different processors.
Debugging and monitoring.
The development and debugging of parallel programs on a cluster requires parallel language primitives as well as suitable tools such as those discussed by the "High Performance Debugging Forum" (HPDF) which resulted in the HPD specifications.
Tools such as TotalView were then developed to debug parallel implementations on computer clusters which use MPI or PVM for message passing.
The Berkeley NOW (Network of Workstations) system gathers cluster data and stores them in a database, while a system such as PARMON, developed in India, allows for the visual observation and management of large clusters.
Application checkpointing can be used to restore a given state of the system when a node fails during a long multi-node computation. This is essential in large clusters, given that as the number of nodes increases, so does the likelihood of node failure under heavy computational loads. Checkpointing can restore the system to a stable state so that processing can resume without having to recompute results.
Price performance.
Clustering can provide significant performance benefits versus price. The System X supercomputer at Virginia Tech, the 28th most powerful supercomputer on Earth as of June 2006, is a 12.25 TFlops computer cluster of 1100 Apple XServe G5 2.3 GHz dual-processor machines (4 GB RAM, 80 GB SATA HD) running Mac OS X and using InfiniBand interconnect. The cluster initially consisted of Power Mac G5s; the rack-mountable XServes are denser than desktop Macs, reducing the aggregate size of the cluster.
Some implementations.
The GNU/Linux world supports various cluster software; for application clustering, there is distcc, and MPICH. Linux Virtual Server, Linux-HA - director-based clusters that allow incoming requests for services to be distributed across multiple cluster nodes. MOSIX, openMosix, Kerrighed, OpenSSI are full-blown clusters integrated into the kernel that provide for automatic process migration among homogeneous nodes. OpenSSI, openMosix and Kerrighed are single-system image implementations.
Microsoft Windows Compute Cluster Server 2003 based on the Windows Server platform provides pieces for High Performance Computing like the Job Scheduler, MSMPI library and management tools.
gLite is a set of middleware technologies created by the Enabling Grids for E-sciencE (EGEE) project.
slurm is also used to schedule and manage some of the largest supercomputer clusters (see top500 list.)
Other approaches.
Although most computer clusters are permanent fixtures, attempts at flash mob computing have been made to build short-lived clusters for specific computations. However, larger scale volunteer computing systems such as BOINC-based systems have had more followers.

</doc>
<doc id="18949912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949912" title="States of India by Punjabi speakers">
States of India by Punjabi speakers

This is a list of States and Union Territories of India by speakers of Punjabi as of census 2001. Gross population figures are available online.

</doc>
<doc id="18949921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949921" title="Yisrael Katz (Israeli minister)">
Yisrael Katz (Israeli minister)

Yisrael Katz (, 6 December 1927 – 29 October 2010) was an Israeli scholar, civil servant and politician who served as Minister of Labor and Social Affairs. He was one the most influential people in Israel in the creation and development of the Israeli welfare state over several decades.
Early life.
Born in Vienna in Austria, Katz emigrated to Mandatory Palestine in November 1938 as a child of ten following the Anschluss and the Nazi rise to power. He arrived in Palestine as part of a Youth Aliyah group of children, which were organized with the consent of parents eager to have their children saved from being arrested and deported to Nazi concentration camps. His parents and sister also succeeded in emigrating to Palestine in the summer of 1939, but were soon expelled to Mauritius where they lived until 1946 when the family was finally reunited. Part of the extended family was killed in the Holocaust.
Katz originally studied agriculture at the Ahava youth village until 1944, while simultaneously through intense self-study, completing his matriculation in an outstanding manner. As a result, he was awarded a scholarship by the British Mandatory Government but chose to study science at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem from 1946 until 1947. During the course of his studies he began working on the treatment of delinquent youth in a poor neighborhood of Jerusalem. On the eve of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, he joined the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) serving in the Intelligence Services.
He returned to the Hebrew University between 1948 and 1949 to study humanities, before joining the Columbia University School of Social Work in New York City in 1951, where he studied psychiatric social work. Upon completion of his qualification at Columbia, he returned to Israel to work as a supervisor of special education for Youth Aliyah, then still an emerging discipline in the newborn State of Israel. He later headed Kiryat Ye'arim Youth Village for distressed youth who were unable to adjust to regular educational frameworks. Between 1959 and 1961 he studied and completed his doctorate in Social Work Administration at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio.
Dean of School of Social Work at the Hebrew University.
Upon returning to Israel in 1962 he dedicated his efforts to the establishment of the social work profession in Israel. He became the first Israeli dean of the Paul Baerwald School of Social Work at the Hebrew University, which was the first university-affiliated school of social work in Israel. He held this position until 1968, during which time schools of social work were also established at Haifa and Tel Aviv universities with the support of the Paul Baerwald School. Katz headed a pivotal government committee to determine “the minimal needs of those dependent on social welfare”, though Welfare Minister Yosef Burg stopped the work of the committee in 1966 before it presented its conclusions. At the invitation of David Ben-Gurion, he also served as an advisor to the Rafi party on social matters between 1965 and 1967.
During his term at the Paul Baerwald School, Katz became acquainted with the acclaimed Professor Richard Titmuss of the London School of Economics. It was a meeting of tremendous importance bringing about Katz's firm devotion in his own work to Titmuss' discipline and vision.
Director General of the National Insurance Institute.
In 1968 Katz was appointed Director-General of the National Insurance Institute (NII) where he served until 1973. During his tenure, several laws were enacted and implemented including child benefit and compensation for Veterans of the IDF and their families, unemployment insurance, general disability insurance, the indexation of Old Age and Survivors' Benefits to average wages rather than to the cost-of-living index. Katz also prepared the groundwork for research in social security matters, particularly on the measurement of poverty in Israel, which continue to be published yearly to this day.
Katz was charged for his criticism of government policies and stance on the problem of poverty several times during his tenure in NII for not being loyal to the government, as well as for inciting social tension.
In 1971 a series of violent demonstrations in Jerusalem conducted by the Israeli Black Panthers movement forced government to discuss seriously the Panthers' claims and a public committee was established to seek solutions. Prime Minister Golda Meir appointed Katz to head the commission, mandated as the “Prime Minister’s Commission on Children and Youth in Distress” (Katz Committee). Two years later, with an unprecedented panel of 120 participants from academia, services and various government bodies, the Committee presented its conclusions, recommending that families whose income was lower than the necessary minimum for subsistence, receive a state grant to complete their income. It further recommended the broadening of informal education and the support of deprived areas and more.
Minister of Labor and Social Affairs.
In 1973 Katz was elected to the Knesset on the Labor Party list, but gave up his seat before the Knesset opened in order to establish the Brookdale Institute of Gerontology to research ageing in Israel. In 1977 he joined the Democratic Movement for Change. The party joined the first government of Menachem Begin, and despite not being a member of the Knesset, Katz was appointed Minister of Labor and Welfare. During his tenure, Katz took it upon himself to form a mechanism to preserve the value of NII grants from erosion from the rapid inflation affecting Israel at the time. He also directed Knesset legislation which transferred financial funding to the needy from the welfare offices to the NII (Income Maintenance Bill), as well as the law of nursing insurance which granted funding to pensioners in need of nursing care monetary or physical assistance. He was also among the initiators and first activists of the project for the rehabilitation of neighborhoods. He felt that the emphasis of the project should be on social change and not on rehabilitation of structures. However, his position on this issue was not accepted. Katz served as Minister of Labor and Social Affairs until the end of the Government’s term of office on 5 August 1981.
After government.
In 1982 Katz initiated and headed until 1992 the Center for Social Policy Studies in Israel, now the Taub Center, an independent non-profit “think tank” whose purpose was to influence the composition of social policy of Israel according to the values of social equality and justice.
Katz served as Chairman of the Board of the “Volunteer Center of Israel” from 1986 until 1989, and of the “Voluntary and Nonprofit Sector” – a roof organization of the Volunteer Center and other nonprofit organizations between 1988 and 1989. During the 1980s and 1990s he served as a trustee and member of the board of several nonprofit sector organizations and worked for the establishment of groundwork for research on the third sector and its role in the modern welfare state.
In November 1996 Katz was appointed to head a commission to examine broad legislation on the subject of rights of people with disabilities. This commission found that more than 10% of Israel's inhabitants suffered from discrimination, injustice and social and financial inferiority. The commission proposed detailed legislation that led to the enactment of the law of equal rights for people with disabilities.
Katz's consistent struggles for a welfare state were most often against the tide in Israeli politics, both in the days of the Labor government and the Likud government.
Over the years, Katz also served as an advisor to various world organizations, including in Singapore, the United States and Kenya.
Katz was married to Marsel Katz, née Ruso, with whom he had two sons. He died on 29 October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18949935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949935" title="Railroad Man">
Railroad Man

Railroad Man may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18949939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949939" title="Allah Bux Soomro">
Allah Bux Soomro

Allah Bux Muhammad Umar Soomro (1900- d. May 14, 1943) (), (Khan Bahadur Sir Allah Bux Muhammad Umar Soomro OBE till September 1942) or Allah Baksh Soomro, was a "zamindar", government contractor, Indian independence activist and politician from the province of Sindh in British India. He is considered to be amongst the best premiers of the province. He was referred to as Shaheed or "martyr".
Allah Bux Soomro was born in 1900 in Shikarpur in the Bombay Presidency in an affluent family. He founded the Sind Ittehad Party and served as the Chief Minister of Sindh from March 23, 1938 to April 18, 1940 and March 7, 1941 to October 14, 1942. He was assassinated, allegedly by extremists, in 1943. His son Rahim Bux Soomro was also a politician in Pakistan. His nephew, Elahi Bux Soomro was the speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan and is a Veteran Politician
Early life.
Allah Bux Soomro was born in the family fief of Shikarpur in northern Sindh in 1900. His father was the hereditary chief of the Soomro Rajputs. He completed his matriculation examinations in 1918 and joined his father's contract business. He joined politics at an early age and was elected to the Jacobabad municipality.
Tenure as premier.
Soomro served as the Chief Minister of Sindh for two terms, starting from March 23, 1938 to April 18, 1940 and March 7, 1941 to October 14, 1942 and held the portfolios of finance, excise and industries.
Soon after taking over as Chief Minister of Sindh, Soomro overruled the banishment of Ubaidullah Sindhi, thereby allowing him to return to his homeland. He reduced the salary of ministers to Rs.500 per month and prohibited the practice of nominating members to local bodies.
Soomro also introduced reforms in religion. In 1938, he prohibited Ziwal-Haj. He also banned the Om Mandali, predecessor of the Brahma Kumari organisation.
Ziwal-Haj controversy.
In 1934, a Muslim Pir of Lawari had organised a local Haj for those who could not afford to visit Saudi Arabia. The pilgrims gathered on Ziwal-Haj, read namaz while turning to the dargah, went to a local well renamed "Zam Zam", addressed the Pir as "Khuda" and greeted each other as "Hajji". It gave these poor Muslims great spiritual satisfaction. The Muslims denounced it as un-Islamic, agitated violently, and forced Allah Bux Soomro to ban it in 1938. This group had similar beliefs as Zikri sect of Balochistan.
The Manzilgah controversy.
Manzilgah was the name of a couple of old buildings near the Sadh Belo temple in Sukkur which were used as a government godown. It was variously claimed to be a mosque and an inn. The Hindus opposed Muslim claims that the building was a mosque as the presence of a mosque so close to a Hindu temple would trigger communal tensions in the area. The Ghulam Hussain Government responded by rebuffing the extremist elements by claiming that the buildings were government property. When Allah Bux became Premier, he sent a commission which reported that Manzilgah was an inn. Unconvinced, in June 1939, the Muslim League launched an agitation. Senior League leaders G. M. Syed, M. A. Khuhro and Sir Abdullah Haroon forcibly occupied Manzilgah from October 3, 1939 to November 19, 1939. The government, initially, tried to quell the movement through use of force. However, when the tactic proved unsuccessful, the government yielded and allowed Muslims to pray in Manzilgah.
At about the same time, the Sufi poet, Bhagat Kanwar Ram was assassinated. Communal riots broke out in Sukkur and there was a total strike which lasted 15 days. In November 1939, the Sind Hindu Provincial Conference, presided over by Dr. Moonje of the Hindu Mahasabha threatened Muslims with retaliation if the mosque was not recovered by the government. While some sources claim that 17 Muslims and 40 Hindus were killed in the riots another claims that the toll of Hindus killed was over 60.
A compromise was reached in February 1941, when Manzilgah was handed over to Muslims but not before the Muslims had agreed not to obstruct the playing of music in the nearby Saadha Belo temple.
Later life.
In 1940, a no-confidence motion was passed against Allah Bux Soomro. The Indian National Congress joined hands with the Muslim League and voted against him. Following the dismissal of his government, Soomro appointed member of the National Defence Council in which he served till 1942, when the Quit India Movement was started. In September 1942, Soomro renounced his knighthood and the Khan Bahadur title which the British government had bestowed upon him. He also resigned from the National Defence Council.
Allah Bux Soomro was briefly elected back to power in March 1941 and served as Premier for about a year. However, he was dismissed by the Governor due to his support for the Quit India Movement.
Assassination.
Allah Bux Soomro was assassinated on May 14, 1943 while he was travelling in a Tanga in his hometown of Shikarpur. He was 43 years old at the time of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18949942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949942" title="The Raincloud Man">
The Raincloud Man

The Raincloud Man is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Plot.
The Doctor and Charley return to Manchester and discover its complicated link to transient aliens.

</doc>
<doc id="18949965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949965" title="Kazimierz Narutowicz">
Kazimierz Narutowicz

Kazimierz Narutowicz (1904-1987) was a Polish political activist. Son of Stanisław Narutowicz, in interwar Lithuania in 1934-1938 he tried to mediate between the ministries of diplomacy of Poland and Lithuania for settlement of the conflict for the city of Wilno (since 1945 Vilnius). Arrested by the Soviets after occupation of the Baltic states in 1940 during World War II and forcibly resettled to Siberia, in 1947 he was released and settled in Poland (Lithuania still being occupied by the Soviets as the Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic), where the communist government relegated him to work in the industrial sector.

</doc>
<doc id="18949971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949971" title="Scott Wilson (composer)">
Scott Wilson (composer)

Scott Wilson (born November 26, 1969 in Vancouver) is a Canadian composer. Since 2004 he has lived in Birmingham, UK, and has taught in the Music Department at the University of Birmingham.
His works include pieces both for instrumental and electroacoustic forces. He is a member of Birmingham ElectroAcoustic Sound Theatre, for which he develops software, and an active developer of the SuperCollider computer music language.
His music has been performed internationally, with recent performances at the Huddersfield Festival, the Mouvement Festival, the Trash Festival, Esprit Orchestra's Next Wave Festival, Open Ears, and the Cool Drummings Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18949978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949978" title="Anno 1404">
Anno 1404

Anno 1404, known as Dawn of Discovery in North America, is a city-building and economic simulation game of the Anno series, with real-time strategy elements. Released in 2009, it was developed by Related Designs, produced by Blue Byte, and published by Ubisoft. "Anno 1404" is the sequel to "Anno 1701" and is followed by the futuristic sequel "Anno 2070". Though the game centers on a series of fictional events, the overall concept of the storyline is based upon real life aspects of medieval/renaissance history such as The Crusades, advancements in gothic architecture, construction of cathedrals, and hanseatic trade involving the rise of patrician merchants and early forms of capitalism.
An expansion, titled "Anno 1404: Venice", which adds multiplayer and other features, was released on February 26, 2010.
Gameplay.
As with other Anno games, the player, at the will of their unnamed country of origin, creates and manages their fief aside AI players. The player must colonize islands, plan settlements, set up factories and farms to meet their citizens' needs, enter diplomatic relationships with AI players, and engage in naval and ground combat with others.
One of the main foci of the game in the "city building setting" sense centers on the construction of monuments, namely a Gothic cathedral and an Arabic mosque. The construction phases of these monuments are dependent on certain preconditions which have to be met in order to continue building. The player also needs to stockpile building material in order to commence such a project. The process of the construction of the cathedral resembles very closely the castle/palace (and Asian Dragon Temple) feature that was displayed in 1404's predecessor, Anno 1701.
Trade is an essential element of forward progress. Occidental populations can not grow past a certain level of success without Spice, and later Quartz, that can only be generated in Oriental lands. Although populations generate taxable income, it is difficult to generate enough gold to make meaningful capital investments without extensive trading. This is simplified by an automatic trading process that allows an island to make resources available to visiting merchant ships.
As the player progresses through the game, he gains access to naval vessels and troops which allow him to invade and ultimately to defeat other players. Anno 1404 features an updated interface, bigger islands and worlds to explore, a sandbox mode and other features new to the Anno series.
Plot.
The campaign begins when the player is sent to administer a fief granted to him by the Emperor, in the Occident. The Emperor is unwell and Lord Richard Northburgh, cousin and treasurer of the Emperor, is building a magnificent Cathedral to pray for the Emperor's health. Meanwhile, Cardinal Lucius is making preparations for a Crusade against the Saracens of the Orient, aided by Guy Forcas.
In the first few chapters of the campaign, the player learns the basics of game-play and the economy by assisting Northburgh and Forcas with supply and construction tasks, as well as meeting some of the other main characters.
As the Crusader ships leave the harbor, Northburgh begins to uncover clues to a mysterious plot. He and the player travel to the Orient and befriend the Grand Vizier of the Sultan, Al Zahir, who helps the player to defeat a band of Corsairs and break up a child trafficking scheme. The plot thickens as further clues reveal that a main character is implicated in a sinister conspiracy to overthrow the Emperor himself. Because he comes too close to the truth, Lord Northburgh is captured and the player is tasked with unraveling the mystery.
Over the next several chapters, the player must win over new allies, convince the leaders of the Crusade that they are being manipulated under false pretenses, and survive dire circumstances in order to defeat the villains and restore the Emperor to his rightful place.
The campaign is divided into eight chapters and each chapter can be played on 3 different difficulties: easy, medium, and hard. Apart from the story elements, the campaign serves as a tutorial to prepare the player for the more rigorous scenarios and continuous game modes.
All of the main characters encountered in the campaign are also encountered in the scenarios mode and can be selected as computer opponents in continuous games, although the actions of the characters during the campaign are unrelated to their actions in these modes apart from having similar personalities. Lord Northburgh and Al Zahir act as mentors and trade partners in the other modes, much like they do in the campaign.
Gameplay.
New features.
Anno 1404 has several new features that distinguish it from its three predecessors: "Anno 1503", "Anno 1602", and "Anno 1701". These features include:
As was the case in Anno 1701, the game world is divided into two culturally distinct zones. In Anno 1404, these zones are inspired by, though not intended to be historically accurate to, northwestern Renaissance Europe and the medieval Near East, referred to as the Occident and the Orient respectively. One of the major differences between previous entries in the series and Anno 1404 is that players are required to build both occidental and oriental settlements simultaneously in order for the inhabitants of their settlements and available buildings to advance. Despite the addition of player-managed oriental settlements, the Occident remains the primary focus of the game. The Orient acts more of a trading partner in order for Occidental people to advance in class. In order for this to occur, Oriental goods such as spice, indigo and quartz must be produced and shipped from Oriental colonies.
There are a total of six levels of housing including both occidental and oriental settlements (one more than the levels included in Anno 1701). The four occidental levels are peasants, citizens, patricians and noblemen. The two oriental levels are nomads and envoys. In the Occident, the player starts by building peasant housing, and in the orient, the players start by building nomad housing, both of which advance when conditions are met. These conditions include the acquisition of goods as mentioned above, as well as the construction of specific buildings, such as a debtor's prison, bath house or a cathedral.
In Anno 1701, every residential structure could be advanced to the uppermost class, so a city could be entirely made up of Patricians by the end of a game. In Anno 1404, a number of peasants are required to support a moderate amount of citizens who in turn support a number patricians and noblemen. There are several other factors that can impact the ratio of lower class to upper class, however. For instance, the number of envoys settled in the player's oriental settlements will satisfy a sum of the peasants and citizens required to support patricians and noblemen in occidental settlements.
Since the game takes place in the year 1404, the range of goods available is significantly different from the goods available in the previous games, which took place later in history (although goods like fish and beer were retained from the previous installments). Some of the new goods include spices, bread, meat, candlesticks, leather jerkins, and brocade robes for the Occident and dates, milk, carpets, pearl necklaces, and marzipan for the Orient.
Although quests are not new to Anno 1404, both it and its expansion, 'Anno 1404: Venice,' feature far more quests than previous games in the series. Quests are given at different intervals to the player by neutral powers, mentors like Northburgh and Al Zahir, and from various people living in the player's settlements. Computer opponents, if they become allies through diplomacy, will also offer quests to the player. Quests offer rewards such as honour points, ships, gold, goods or upgrades for settlements or ships (such as items to boost goods production in a settlement or increase the firepower of a ship). There are several quest types, including fetch quests, reverse fetch quests, sinking enemy ships, or finding specific individuals in a settlement (a mini game similar to Where's Waldo). Some quests of these quests can be quite complicated, with multiple smaller quests in the chain. The 'Anno 1404: Venice' expansion adds 300 new quests and two new types of quests: trading race and ship boarding.
Achievements.
"Anno 1404" and its add-on Venice add the possibility of rewarding achievements to the player. Those achievements can be seen as 'milestones' and vary from quite easy to extremely hard, since a lot of them are 'hidden'. The achievements are divided in 5 categories: diplomacy, setup, economic, military and general. Quite a few of the achievements are interlinked, being part of another 'bigger' achievement. In the base game there were 206 achievements to be had, the Venice expansion added another 110 of them, totalling 316.
However, as of patch 2.1/1.3 not all achievements are reachable, as syntax errors in the games' xml files are still present. Trying to correct these game files will result in the achievement not being awarded as the game recognises this as modification. This has been addressed by an unofficial user-made patch, about which see below.
Development.
Digital rights management.
The game has a rigorous digital rights management (DRM) system based on Tagès. It forces users to activate their game online once by submitting an activation code after each installation on a different computer or a significant hardware change. The activation can be performed on any PC with an Internet connection. It can only be activated three times by default and unlike many other DRM systems, it does not support revocation of already used licenses. Further licenses can be requested free of charge by contacting Ubisoft.
The copy protection has been completely removed with patch v1.1 for the DVD version. Digital download versions retain the copy protection.
Patches.
Version 1.0 of the game was shipped with a number of bugs in it and although patch 1.1 addressed some of them (and removed the copy protection), a new patch was released with the release of the 'Venice' add-on (originally version 2.0), updating the base game to 1.2. On November 25, 2010, a third patch was released to address (among other things) a serious save game bug, patching the base game to version 1.3 and the 'Venice' expansion to version 2.1. The 'Gold' version of the game that includes both the original game and the 'Venice' expansion was also patched in November 2010 to version 3.1, which combines all the changes of the version 1.3 patch of the base game, and version 2.1 of 'Venice'.
Ubisoft never released North American patches for the final version 1.3 patch for the base game and the version 2.1 patch for "Dawn of Discovery: Venice". However, the North American game can be manually patched to version 1.3 and version 2.1 by simply downloading the already unpacked European patch files.
An unofficial user-made patch (version 1.10 as of February 2013) was made available in September 2011. The patch addresses issues with broken quests, fixes spelling and grammar errors, adds proper English localizations, adds English translations for over 1,000 quests which only had description text in the German version, and fixes countless other issues. The patch is created in such a way that the game will not detect modding and therefore fully allow unlocking achievements. The patch can be installed and uninstalled at will since it does not affect saved games.
"Anno 1404: Venice".
Anno 1404: Venice was released on February 26, 2010. The expansion includes 15 new scenarios, an espionage system, volcanic islands, an added third non-player power known as the Venetian dignitary Giacomo Garibaldi. Garibaldi enables the player to sabotage other player's cities and/or buy them out. Originally, there were also three new computer players planned but these were scrapped for unknown reasons. The venice expansion also allows the player to play the original 6 scenarios of the base game but with all the added features and improvements of the Venice addon.
Many new buildings were added:
Two new quest type were added: ship race and privateering.
Furthermore, the player now has the option of requesting a quest in order to gain more honour points and/or gold coins/goods.
Reception.
IGN gave the game an 8.2, saying it was "a worthy successor to the Anno franchise." D Critic praised the game, saying that "with up-to-date graphics, a great soundtrack, and great gameplay, there’s a lot to love about this game." 

</doc>
<doc id="18949985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949985" title="The Buddy System (film)">
The Buddy System (film)

The Buddy System is a 1984 American romantic comedy film starring Richard Dreyfuss, Susan Sarandon, Nancy Allen, Wil Wheaton and Jean Stapleton. The film was directed by Glenn A. Jordan who is better known for directing and producing numerous television films and television dramas. The film follows the story of a cautious single mother who forms an unlikely friendship with her son's school security guard. "The Buddy System" was Wil Wheaton's first major film role and his second non-television role after the 1983 film "Hambone and Hillie".
Plot.
Emily Price is a single mother: she got pregnant in high school and was abandoned by the father before her son, Tim, was born. She and Tim live with her mother, who is both protective and disparaging, and tends to overlook her daughter in favor of her grandson. She is trying to become a court reporter, but freezes up every time she takes the test. Joe comes into their lives when he is sent out to do a residency check by the school: Emily and Tim have been lying about where they live so he can go to a better school. The price for Tim is loneliness: he can't tell anyone where he lives. Joe, who is an aspiring novelist and an inventor of gadgets, decides not to report them and strikes up an unlikely friendship with Tim that gradually escalates to include Emily as well. Previous romantic entanglements - for Emily, the withholding Jim; for Joe, the beautiful but self-absorbed Carrie - intervene while Emily gains courage and independence and Joe comes to understand where his real talents lie.

</doc>
<doc id="18949989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949989" title="Edward Kasner">
Edward Kasner

Edward Kasner (April 2, 1878 – January 7, 1955) was a prominent American mathematician who was appointed Tutor on Mathematics in the Columbia University Mathematics Department. Kasner was the first Jew appointed to a faculty position in the sciences at Columbia University. Subsequently, he became an adjunct professor in 1906, and a full professor in 1910, at the university. Differential geometry was his main field of study. In addition to introducing the term "googol", he is known also for the Kasner metric and the Kasner polygon.
Kasner's Ph.D. dissertation was titled "The Invariant Theory of the Inversion Group: Geometry upon a Quadric Surface"; it was published by the American Mathematical Society in 1900 in their "Transactions".
Googolplex.
Kasner is perhaps best remembered today for introducing the term "googol." In order to pique the interest of children, Kasner sought a name for a very large number: one followed by a hundred zeros. On a walk in the New Jersey Palisades with his nephews, Milton (born about 1929) and Edwin Sirotta, Kasner asked for their ideas. Nine-year-old Milton suggested "googol."
In 1940, with James R. Newman, Kasner co-wrote a non-technical book surveying the field of mathematics, called "Mathematics and the Imagination" (ISBN 0-486-41703-4). It was in this book that the term "googol" was first introduced:
Google.
The Internet search engine "Google" originated from a misspelling of "googol", and the "Googleplex" - the Google company headquarters in Mountain View, California - is similarly derived from "googolplex".

</doc>
<doc id="18949992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949992" title="All That! Music and More Festival">
All That! Music and More Festival

All That Music and More Festival was a summer festival promotional tour for All That, during June 1999 - August 1999. It was hosted by the season 6 cast of All That, and features musical guest, mostly the ones that were on All That. During every tour location, The cast have performed live sketchs on stage. It was also the first Music Festival for kids. The tour ended on September 3, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18949997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949997" title="Here Lies Love">
Here Lies Love

Here Lies Love is a concept album made in collaboration between David Byrne and Fatboy Slim, about the life of the former First Lady of the Philippines Imelda Marcos along with the woman who raised her—Estrella Cumpas—and follows Marcos until she and her family were forced to leave the Philippines. The album features 22 guest vocalists and was released on April 6, 2010, under Nonesuch Records and Todomundo in several formats, including a deluxe double-Compact Disc set with a DVD of music videos from the album and a 120-page book. The album was adapted as a rock musical for a 2013 premiere at The Public Theater.
Background.
The title of the album is taken from a comment made by Imelda Marcos during a visit to her husband Ferdinand Marcos's embalmed body. Imelda Marcos expressed that she would like the phrase "Here Lies Love" to be inscribed on her tombstone.
David Byrne released the following statement regarding this album:
Recording and release.
The album features mostly guest female singers, including Florence Welch, Allison Moorer, Nellie McKay, Cyndi Lauper, Tori Amos, Martha Wainwright, Natalie Merchant, Sia Furler, Santigold, Charmaine Clamor, Nicole Atkins, and Kate Pierson among many others, alternately playing the roles of Imelda Marcos and Estrella Cumpas.
Byrne described Cyndi Lauper's performance on the album as "amazingly fine-tuned" and "very impressive." The only male vocalists are Steve Earle on "A Perfect Hand", and Byrne himself on "American Troglodyte" and "Seven Years", the latter being a duet with Shara Worden from My Brightest Diamond.
The first promotional single from "Here Lies Love" is "Please Don't" featuring Santigold on vocals. The single became available on Byrne's website as a free high-quality MP3 download on January 19, 2010.
Live performances.
"Here Lies Love" was performed live four times before the album was released. It was first presented as a song cycle at the Adelaide Festival of Arts in Adelaide, Australia, on March 10, 2006 with additional dates on March 13 and March 14, and was also performed live at the Carnegie Hall in New York City on February 3, 2007, as part of the Carnegie Hall Perspectives Series.
On April 9, 2012, it was announced that the album will be adapted into a musical directed by Alex Timbers that is scheduled to premiere at The Public Theater in New York City in 2013.
Critical reception.
The album has received mixed and positive reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="18950002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950002" title="Nicholas Claxton">
Nicholas Claxton

Nicholas Claxton is the Managing Director of Elaph, the largest online daily newspaper in the Middle East. 
Elaph is regarded as one of the most highly respected daily online newspapers in the Arab world. With a strong working knowledge and proven experience of the Middle East, Nicholas is also spearheading the editorial and commercial strategy for the launch of a new multi-media operation to be based in the UAE. 
He is also a Director of First Watch, a media incubation company specializing in the development of multi-media concepts. He was the Founder and Managing Director of the Web TV The Underwater Channel with Babelgum as its principal investor. He is also an award-winning documentary film-maker with extensive credits as an Executive Producer, Director & Producer with the BBC, ITV, Channel 4, National Geographic, Discovery, A&E Network, Disney, among many others. 
He was joint producer of a 1984 television documentary "Cry Ethiopia Cry" (on the Ethiopian famine) which won a National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences Emmy Award for outstanding background/analysis of a single current story.
He won New York International Film and Television Festival awards for "Apartheid’s Assassins" (1991), on South African death squads; and "Winnie Mandela and The Missing Witness" (1997). His South African visa exemption was withdrawn following the BBC broadcast of "Suffer the Children" (1988), on the detention and torture of children.
Claxton was Research Project Documentary Film Director for the Khaled Bin Sultan Living Oceans Foundation Red Sea Project and conceived the idea for a free broadband channel dedicated to the underwater world which came about when Nicholas Claxton was producing a television documentary about Red Sea coral reefs in 2006, working with the revered underwater cameraman Peter Scoones.
Nicholas is a Fellow of The Royal Geographical Society, a Founding Trustee of the Charity Elephant Family, and lives in London.

</doc>
<doc id="18950003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950003" title="Entrepreneurship">
Entrepreneurship

In political economics, entrepreneurship is a process of identifying and starting a business venture, sourcing and organizing the required resources and taking both the risks and rewards associated with the venture.
Background.
"Entrepreneurship" may result in new organizations or revitalize mature organizations in response to a perceived business opportunity. A new business started by an entrepreneur is referred to as a startup company. In recent years, the term has been extended to include social and political forms of entrepreneurial activity.
Entrepreneurship within a firm or large organization has been referred to as intra-preneurship and may include corporate ventures where large entities spin off subsidiary organizations.
According to Paul Reynolds, an entrepreneurship scholar who created the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor, "by the time they reach their retirement years, half of all working men in the United States probably have a period of self-employment of one or more years; one in four may have engaged in self-employment for six or more years. Participating in a new business creation is a common activity among U.S. workers over the course of their careers." In recent years entrepreneurship has been documented by scholars such as David Audretsch as a major driver of economic growth in both the United States and Western Europe. "As well, entrepreneurship may be defined as the pursuit of opportunity without regard to resources currently controlled (Stevenson,1983)"
Entrepreneurial activities differ substantially depending on the type of organization and creativity involved. Entrepreneurship ranges in scale from solo projects, and even just part-time projects, to major undertakings that create many job opportunities. Many "high value" entrepreneurial ventures seek venture capital or angel funding (seed money) in order to raise capital for building the business. Angel investors generally seek annualized returns of 20–30% and more, as well as extensive involvement in the business. Many organizations exist to support would-be entrepreneurs including specialized government agencies, business incubators, science parks, and some NGOs. More recently, the term entrepreneurship has been extended to include conceptualizations of entrepreneurship as a specific mindset (see also entrepreneurial mindset) resulting in entrepreneurial initiatives e.g. in the form of social entrepreneurship, political entrepreneurship, or knowledge entrepreneurship.
Since 2008, an annual "Global Entrepreneurship Week" has been announced, with the aim of "exposing people to the benefits of entrepreneurship" and getting them to "participate in entrepreneurial-related activities".
History of entrepreneurship.
Etymology and historical usage.
First used in 1723, today the term "entrepreneur" implies qualities of leadership, initiative and innovation in manufacturing, delivery, and/or services. Economist Robert Reich has called team-building, leadership and management ability essential qualities for the entrepreneur. The successful companies of the future, he has said, will be those that offer a new model for working relationships based on collaboration and mutual value.
The entrepreneur is a factor in microeconomics, and the study of entrepreneurship reaches back to the work in the late 17th and early 18th centuries of Richard Cantillon and Adam Smith, which was foundational to classical economics.
In the 20th century, entrepreneurship was studied by Joseph Schumpeter in the 1930s and other Austrian economists such as Carl Menger, Ludwig von Mises and Friedrich von Hayek. The term "entrepreneurship" was coined around the 1920s, while the loan from French of the word "entrepreneur" itself dates to the 1850s. It became something of a buzzword beginning about 2010, in the context of disputes which have erupted surrounding the wake of the Great Recession.
What is an entrepreneur.
"Entrepreneur" (), is a loanword from French. It is defined as an individual who organizes or operates a business or businesses. Credit for coining the term "entrepreneur" generally goes to the French economist Jean-Baptiste Say, but in fact the Irish-French economist Richard Cantillon defined it first in his "Essai sur la Nature du Commerce en Général", or "Essay on the Nature of Trade in General", a book William Stanley Jevons considered the "cradle of political economy" Say and Cantillon used the term differently, however. Cantillon biographer Anthony Breer notes that Cantillon saw the entrepreneur as a risk-taker while Say considered the entrepreneur a "planner".
Cantillon defined the term as a person who pays a certain price for a product and resells it at an uncertain price: "making decisions about obtaining and using the resources while consequently admitting the risk of enterprise." The word first appeared in the French dictionary entitled "Dictionnaire Universel de Commerce" compiled by Jacques des Bruslons and published in 1723.
The appellation today implies a bootstrap operation and some degree of both innovation and financial risk.
Entrepreneur types.
Differences in entrepreneurial organizations and the heterogeneity in their founders' behaviors can be traced back to the founder's identity. Fauchart and Gruber have utilized social identity theory to illustrate that individual entrepreneurs can be identified as one of three main types: "Darwinians", "Communitarians" and "Missionaries". These types of entrepreneurs not only diverge in fundamental ways in terms of their self-views and their social motivations in entrepreneurship, but also engage fairly differently in new firm creation.
Influences and entrepreneurial behavior.
The entrepreneur is commonly seen as an innovator — a generator of new ideas and business processes. Management skill and strong team building abilities are often perceived as essential leadership attributes for successful entrepreneurs. Political economist Robert Reich considers leadership, management ability, and team-building to be essential qualities of an entrepreneur.
Schumpeter on Entrepreneurship.
According to Schumpeter, an entrepreneur is willing and able to convert a new idea or invention into a successful innovation. Entrepreneurship employs what Schumpeter called "the gale of creative destruction" to replace in whole or in part inferior offerings across markets and industries, simultaneously creating new products and new business models. Thus, creative destruction is largely responsible for the dynamism of industry and long-term economic growth. The idea that entrepreneurship leads to economic growth is an interpretation of the residual in endogenous growth theory and as such is hotly debated in academic economics. An alternate description posited by Israel Kirzner suggests that the majority of innovations may be much more incremental improvements such as the replacement of paper with plastic in the construction of a drinking straw.
For Schumpeter, entrepreneurship resulted in new industries but also in new combinations of currently existing inputs. Schumpeter's initial example of this was the combination of a steam engine and then current wagon making technologies to produce the horseless carriage. In this case the innovation, the car, was transformational but did not require the development of a new technology, merely the application of existing technologies in a novel manner. It did not immediately replace the horsedrawn carriage, but in time, incremental improvements which reduced the cost and improved the technology led to the complete practical replacement of beast drawn vehicles in modern transportation. Despite Schumpeter's early 20th-century contributions, traditional microeconomic theory did not formally consider the entrepreneur in its theoretical frameworks (instead assuming that resources would find each other through a price system). In this treatment the entrepreneur was an implied but unspecified actor, but it is consistent with the concept of the entrepreneur being the agent of x-efficiency.
Different scholars have described entrepreneurs as, among other things, bearing risk. For Schumpeter, the entrepreneur did not bear risk: the capitalist did.
Knight and Drucker.
For Frank H. Knight (1921) and Peter Drucker (1970), entrepreneurship is about taking risk. The behavior of the entrepreneur reflects a kind of person willing to put his or her career and financial security on the line and take risks in the name of an idea, spending much time as well as capital on an uncertain venture. <br>
Knight classified three types of uncertainty.
The acts of entrepreneurship are often associated with true uncertainty, particularly when it involves bringing something really novel to the world, whose market never exists. However, even if a market already exists, there is no guarantee that a market exists for a particular new player in the cola category.
The place of the disharmony-creating and idiosyncratic entrepreneur in traditional economic theory (which describes many efficiency-based ratios assuming uniform outputs) presents theoretic quandaries. William Baumol has added greatly to this area of economic theory and was recently honored for it at the 2006 annual meeting of the American Economic Association.
The individuals-opportunities nexus.
The contemporary study of entrepreneurship is significantly defined by the agenda-setting article of Shane and Venkataraman in 2000 named "The Promise of Entrepreneurship as a Field of Research". According to Shane and Venkataraman, entrepreneurship comprises two phenomena "enterprising individuals" and "entrepreneurial opportunities", and researchers should study the nature of the individuals who respond to these opportunities when others do not, the opportunities themselves and the nexus between individuals and opportunities.
Psychological make-up of the entrepreneur.
Studies show that the psychological propensities for male and female entrepreneurs are more similar than different. Empirical studies suggest that male entrepreneurs possess strong negotiating skills and consensus-forming abilities.
Jesper Sørensen, Professor of Organizational Behavior at Stanford Graduate School of Business, wrote that significant influences on an individual's decision to become an entrepreneur are workplace peers and the social composition of the workplace. Sørensen discovered a correlation between working with former entrepreneurs and how often these individuals become entrepreneurs themselves, compared to those who did not work with entrepreneurs. The social composition of the workplace can influence entrepreneurism in workplace peers by proving a possibility for success, causing a “He can do it, why can’t I?” attitude. As Sørensen stated, “When you meet others who have gone out on their own, it doesn’t seem that crazy.”
Innovative entrepreneurs may be more likely to experience what psychologist, Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi calls "flow". "Flow" occurs when the outside world disappears in the face of a vibrant inner motivation to do something. Csikszentmihalyi suggests that breakthrough innovations occur at the hands of individuals experiencing "flow". They become so enthralled with the ideas in their heads that they cannot help but follow them. Similarly, other research has concluded that a strong internal motivation is a vital ingredient for breakthrough innovation. "Flow" may also be compared to Maria Montessori’s concept of normalization, a state which includes a child’s capacity for joyful and lengthy periods of intense concentration. Csikszentmihalyi himself acknowledges that Montessori’s "prepared environment" offers children opportunities to achieve "flow". Thus quality and type of early education may have some influence on entrepreneurial capability.
Innate ability vs. public perception.
Individuals use what is described as "an innate ability" or quasi-statistical sense to gauge public opinion. People assume they can sense and figure out what others are thinking.
The ability of entrepreneurs to innovate relates to innate traits, including extroversion and a proclivity for risk-taking. According to Joseph Schumpeter, the capabilities of innovating, introducing new technologies, increasing efficiency and productivity, or generating new products or services, are characteristic qualities of entrepreneurs. Also, many scholars maintain that entrepreneurship is a matter of genes, and that it is not everyone who can be an entrepreneur.
It has, however, been argued that entrepreneurs are not that distinctive; and that it is essentially poor conceptualizations of "non-entrepreneurs" that maintain laudatory portraits of "entrepreneurs." 
Financial Bootstrapping.
Financial bootstrapping is a term used to cover different methods for avoiding using the financial resources of external investors. Bootstrapping can be defined as “a collection of methods used to minimize the amount of outside debt and equity financing needed from banks and investors”. The use of private credit card debt is the most known form of bootstrapping, but a wide variety of methods are available for entrepreneurs. While bootstrapping involves a risk for the founders, the absence of any other stakeholder gives the founders more freedom to develop the company. Many successful companies including Dell Computers and Facebook were founded this way.
There are different types of bootstrapping:
External financing.
Many businesses need more capital than can be provided by the owners themselves, and in this case, a range of options is available including:
Some of these sources provide not only funds, but also financial oversight, accountability for carrying out tasks and meeting milestones, and in some cases business contacts and experience – in many cases in return for an equity stake.

</doc>
<doc id="18950011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950011" title="Extended ASCII">
Extended ASCII

The term extended ASCII (or high ASCII) describes eight-bit or larger character encodings that include the standard seven-bit ASCII characters as well as others. The use of the term is sometimes criticized, because it can be mistakenly interpreted that the ASCII standard has been updated to include more than 128 characters or that the term unambiguously identifies a single encoding, both of which are untrue.
Motives for extending.
Because the number of symbols (or glyphs) used in common natural languages as well as in mathematics (· × ÷ ≠ ≥ ≈ π etc.) and many programming languages and technical applications far exceeds the 96 (128-32) printable ASCII codes, many extensions to it have been used. Markets for computers and communication equipment outside English-speaking countries were historically open long before standards bodies had time to deliberate upon the best way to accommodate them, so there are many incompatible proprietary extensions to ASCII.
Since ASCII is a seven-bit code and most computers manipulate data in eight-bit bytes, many extensions use the additional 128 codes available by using all eight bits of each byte. This helps include many languages otherwise not easily representable in ASCII, but is still not enough to cover all languages of countries in which computers are sold, so even these eight-bit extensions had to have local variants.
Proprietary extensions.
Various proprietary extensions appeared on non-EBCDIC mainframe computers and minicomputers, especially in universities. Atari and Commodore home computers added many graphic symbols to their non-standard ASCII (Respectively, ATASCII and PETSCII, based on the original ASCII standard of 1963).
IBM introduced eight-bit extended ASCII codes on the original IBM PC and later produced variations for different languages and cultures. IBM called such character sets "code pages" and assigned numbers to both those they themselves invented as well as many invented and used by other manufacturers. Accordingly, character sets are very often indicated by their IBM code page number. In ASCII-compatible code pages, the lower 128 characters maintained their standard US-ASCII values, and different pages (or sets of characters) could be made available in the upper 128 characters. DOS computers built for the North American market, for example, used code page 437, which included accented characters needed for French, German, and a few other European languages, as well as some graphical line-drawing characters. The larger character set made it possible to create documents in a combination of languages such as English and French (though French computers usually use code page 850), but not, for example, in English and Greek (which required code page 737).
Apple Computer introduced their own 8-bit extended ASCII codes in Mac OS, such as Mac OS Roman.
Digital Equipment Corporation developed the Multinational Character Set, which had
fewer characters but more letter and diacritic combinations, based on draft versions of ISO 8859. It was supported by the VT220 and later DEC computer terminals.
ISO 8859 and proprietary adaptations.
Eventually, ISO released this standard as ISO 8859 describing its own set of eight-bit ASCII extensions. The most popular is ISO 8859-1, also called "ISO Latin 1", which contained characters sufficient for the most common Western European languages.
Variations were standardized for other languages as well: ISO 8859-2 for Eastern European languages and ISO 8859-5 for Cyrillic languages, for example.
One notable way in which ISO character sets differ from code pages is that the character positions 128 to 159, corresponding to ASCII control characters with the high-order bit set, are specifically unused and undefined in the ISO standards, though they had often been used for printable characters in proprietary code pages, a breaking of ISO standards that was almost universal.
Microsoft later created code page 1252, a compatible superset of ISO 8859-1 with extra characters in the ISO unused range.
Code page 1252 is the standard character encoding of western European language versions of Microsoft Windows, including English versions.
ISO 8859-1 is the common character encoding used by the X Window System, and most Internet standards.
Character set confusion.
Because these ASCII extensions have so many variants, it is necessary to identify which set is being used for a particular text for it to be interpreted correctly. However, because the most-used characters (those in ASCII, the seven-bit code points) are common to all sets—even most proprietary ones—failure to correctly identify a character set often suffers no adverse consequences if the user is typing in English (for example software developers speaking only English might not notice bugs). Further, because many Internet standards use ISO 8859-1, and because Microsoft Windows (using the code page 1252 superset of ISO 8859-1) is the dominant operating system for personal computers today, unannounced use of ISO 8859-1 is quite commonplace, and may generally be assumed without evidence to the contrary.
In many protocols, most importantly e-mail and HTTP, the character encoding of content has to be tagged with IANA-assigned character set identifiers.
Multi-byte character encodings.
There are multi-byte character encodings (character encodings that can handle more than 256 different characters) that are also true extended ASCII. That means all ASCII characters are encoded with a single byte with the value that is used in ASCII to encode that character. UTF-8 is such a character encoding, as are some Extended Unix Code encodings. ISO/IEC 6937 is not extended ASCII, as the code value 0x24 corresponds to the general currency sign (¤) rather than to the dollar sign ($), but is an extended version of the International Reference Version of ISO 646.
They can be used in file formats where only ASCII bytes are used for keywords and file format syntax, while bytes 0x80-0xFF might be used for free text, including most programming languages, where language keywords, variable names, and function names must be in ASCII, but string constants and comments can use non-ASCII characters. This makes it much easier to introduce a multi-byte character set into existing systems that use extended ASCII.
Other character encodings such as Shift JIS and UTF-16 are not true extended ASCII, since ASCII bytes (0x00-0x7F) can appear as part of other characters. Sometimes Shift JIS is called extended ASCII since ASCII characters are stored as ASCII bytes, but other characters can include ASCII bytes also. Shift JIS can directly be used in programming languages and languages such as HTML, since the bytes used for free text delimiters are not used as part of non-ASCII characters. UTF-16 is even less extended ASCII since ASCII characters are stored as two bytes with the other one equal to 0x00. Porting an existing system to support character sets as Shift JIS or UTF-16 is complicated and bug prone.
Usage in computer readable languages.
For programming languages and document languages such as C and HTML, the principle of Extended ASCII is important, since it enables many different encodings and therefore many human languages to be supported with little extra programming effort in the software that interprets the computer readable language files.
The principle of Extended ASCII means that:

</doc>
<doc id="18950023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950023" title="A6 road (Zimbabwe)">
A6 road (Zimbabwe)

The A6 is a highway in Zimbabwe running from Beitbridge to Gwanda and Bulawayo.

</doc>
<doc id="18950032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950032" title="Nashville Songwriters Association International">
Nashville Songwriters Association International

The Nashville Songwriters Association International is a 501(c) not-for-profit trade organization that works to help songwriters in three ways: through legislative advocacy, through education and advice about the actual craft of songwriting, and through teaching about the music industry, and how to best position a song for success within it. They own the Bluebird Cafe.
The association was founded in the 1970s, with former singer-songwriter Lorene Mann as a co-founder.

</doc>
<doc id="18950033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950033" title="BITNET">
BITNET

BITNET was a cooperative USA university computer network founded in 1981 by Ira Fuchs at the City University of New York (CUNY) and Greydon Freeman at Yale University. The first network link was between CUNY and Yale.
The requirements for a college or university to join BITNET were simple:
From a technical point of view, BITNET differed from the Internet in that it was a point-to-point "store and forward" network. That is, email messages and files were transmitted in their entirety from one server to the next until reaching their destination. From this perspective, BITNET was more like Usenet.
BITNET came to mean "Because It's Time Network", although the original meaning was "Because It's There Network".
Bitnet's NJE (Network Job Entry) network protocols, called RSCS, were used for the huge IBM internal network known as VNET. BITNET links originally ran at 9600 baud. The BITNET protocols were eventually ported to non-IBM mainframe operating systems, and became particularly widely implemented under VAX/VMS in addition to DECnet.
At its zenith around 1991, BITNET extended to almost 500 organizations and 3,000 nodes, all educational institutions. It spanned North America (in Canada it was known as NetNorth), Europe (as EARN), Israel (as ISRAEARN), India (TIFR) and some Persian Gulf states (as GulfNet). BITNET was also very popular in other parts of the world, especially in South America, where about 200 nodes were implemented and heavily used in the late 1980s and early 1990s. With the rapid growth of TCP/IP systems and the Internet in the early 1990s, and the rapid abandonment of the base platform (IBM mainframe) for academic purposes, BITNET's popularity and use diminished quickly.
The non-profit, educational policies, however well intended, limited exchange with commercial entities, including IBM itself when it came to assistance and software bug fixes. This became a particular problem on heterogeneous networks when trying to communicate assistance with graphical workstation vendors like Silicon Graphics.
BITNET featured email and the LISTSERV software, but predated the World Wide Web, the common use of FTP, and Gopher. It also supported interactive transmission of files and messages to other users. A gateway service called TRICKLE enabled users to request files from Internet FTP servers in 64 Kb UUencoded chunks. The "Interchat Relay Network", popularly known as Bitnet Relay, was the network's instant messaging feature. Bitnet’s first electronic magazine, VM/COM, began as a University of Maine newsletter and surfaced broadly in early 1984. Two email newsletters that began as Bitnet newsletters in the fall of 1987 are known to still be transmitting. They are the Electronic Air and SCUP Email News (formerly SCUP Bitnet News).
In 1984, a text-based BITNET game called MAD became the first global Multi-User Dungeon (MUD). Players connected from the USA, Europe or Israel to a single server running in France.
In 1996, CREN ended their support for BITNET. The individual nodes were free to keep their phone lines up as long as they wished, but as nodes dropped out, the network splintered into parts that were inaccessible from each other. As of 2007, BITNET has essentially ceased operation. However, a successor, BITNET II, which transmits information via the Internet using BITNET protocols, still has some users.

</doc>
<doc id="18950037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950037" title="Vitaly Komar">
Vitaly Komar

Vitaly Anatolyevich Komar () (born September 11, 1943) is a Russian born painter and performance artist.
Born in Moscow, Komar attended an art school there from 1958 to 1960, after which he studied and graduated from the Moscow High School of Industry. He began cooperating with Alexander Melamid in 1973 and collaborated with him until 2003, when the two separated to pursue individual work. Komar currently resides in New York City, USA, and has had solo exhibitions at the Moscow Biennale and the Galerie Sandmann (Berlin, Germany).

</doc>
<doc id="18950039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950039" title="In Multiplicibus Curis">
In Multiplicibus Curis

In Multiplicibus Curis was an encyclical given by Pope Pius XII on 24 October 1948 at Castel Gandolfo, near Rome, in the tenth year of his Pontificate. The encyclical repeated the Vatican's prior attitude to its concerns in the Holy Land and came at a time when the 1948 Arab–Israeli War was still raging, but after Israel went on the offensive in Operation Yoav. 
In the encyclical, Pope Pius expressed concern at what he called "the destruction and damage of sacred buildings and charitable places built around the Holy Places" scattered throughout Palestine especially in Jerusalem. 
While "condemning any recourse to violence", the Pope stated that "peace could only be realized in truth and justice; that is to say by respecting the rights of acquired traditions."
The Pope sought to maintain the Holy See's official attitude of impartiality in the Israeli–Palestinian conflict but also looked for possibilities for justice and peace in Palestine and for the respect and protection of the Holy Places. The Pope also expressed concern for the plight of "the unhappy victims of the war" (which was understood to refer especially to Palestinian refugees).
The Pope repeated his call for Jerusalem and its outskirts be given an international character, which would "offer a better guarantee for the protection of the sanctuaries". He also called for international guarantees of "free access to Holy Places scattered throughout Palestine, and the freedom of worship and the respect of customs and religious traditions".

</doc>
<doc id="18950040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950040" title="Brass Eye">
Brass Eye

Brass Eye is a UK television series of satirical news magazines. A series of six episodes aired on Channel 4 in 1997, and a further episode in 2001.
The series was created by Chris Morris, and written by Morris, David Quantick, Peter Baynham, Jane Bussmann, Arthur Mathews, and Graham Linehan. The series was directed by Michael Cumming. It was a sequel to Morris's earlier spoof news programmes "On the Hour" and "The Day Today". It satirised media portrayal of social ills, in particular sensationalism and creation of moral panics. The series starred Morris's "The Day Today" colleague Doon MacKichan, along with Gina McKee, Mark Heap, Simon Pegg, Julia Davis, and Kevin Eldon.
Original series (1997).
"Brass Eye" aroused controversy because public figures were fooled into supporting charities and causes that were fictitious and often absurd.
The second episode was called "Drugs" and is one of the most successful. A voice tells viewers there are so many drugs on the streets that "not even the dealers know them all". An undercover reporter (Morris) asks a purportedly real-life drug dealer in London for fictitious drugs, including Triple-sod, Yellow Bentines and Clarky Cat, leaving the dealer puzzled and irritated. He also asks the dealer if he is the "Boz-Boz" and says he doesn't want his arm to feel "like a couple of fortnights in a bad balloon". Later, Morris is shown to be dressed as a baby, wearing a nappy and a red balloon-like hat, and he again asks for Triple-sod and then says "last time I came here a friend of mine just got triple-jacked over a steeplehammer and jessop jessop jessop jessop jessop". He satirically explained that possession of drugs without physical contact and the exchange of drugs through a mandrill were legal.
David Amess, the Conservative Member of Parliament for Basildon, was fooled into filming an elaborate video warning against the dangers of a fictional Eastern European drug called Cake, and he also asked a question about it in Parliament. The drug purportedly affects an area of the brain called Shatner's Bassoon (altering one's perception of time), can give one a bloated neck due to massive water retention (allegedly known in by-then-dissolved Czechoslovakia as "Czech Neck"), and was frequently referred to as "a made-up drug" (a drug, they were told, not made from plants but made up from chemicals).
Sir Bernard Ingham, Noel Edmonds, and Rolf Harris held the yellow cake-sized pill as they talked, with Bernard Manning telling viewers that "One young kiddie on Cake cried all the water out of his body. Just imagine how his mother felt. It's a fucking disgrace" and that "...you can puke your fucking self to death this stuff — one girl threw up her own pelvis-bone... What a fucking disgrace". Manning, with other participants, told the public that Cake was known on the street as "loonytoad quack", "Joss Ackland's spunky backpack", "ponce on the heath", "rustledust", or "Hattie Jacques pretentious cheese wog", and told anyone offered it to "chuck it back in their face and tell them to fuck off".
Other episodes dealt with science, animals, and sex. Morris posed as a talk-show host in favour of those with "good" AIDS from a contaminated blood transfusion against those with "bad AIDS" caught through sexual activity or drugs.
The 1997 series was postponed nearly six months because it made reference to murderer Myra Hindley, who was in the news after her portrait was vandalised in the Royal Academy exhibition "Sensation".
Repeats and DVD release.
The series was repeated in 2001 to tie in with the paedophilia special (see below), and released on DVD in a revised form. This new version reinstated most of the material cut from the original, although a few items were removed, most notably a subliminal message reading "Grade is a cunt", and an interview with Graham Bright MP in the "Drugs" episode. A disclaimer was also added to the "Drugs" episode at the request of David Amess.
Paedophilia special (2001).
In 2001, a special was released. It tackled paedophilia and the moral panic in parts of the British media following the murder of Sarah Payne, focusing on the name-and-shame campaign conducted by the "News of the World" in its wake. This included an incident in 2000 in which a paediatrician in Newport had the word "PAEDO" daubed in yellow paint on her home.
To illustrate the media's knee-jerk reaction to the subject, various celebrities were duped into presenting fatuous and often ridiculous pieces to camera in the name of a campaign against paedophiles. Gary Lineker and Phil Collins endorsed a spoof charity, Nonce Sense, (pronounced "nonsense"—"nonce" being British slang for people convicted or suspected of molestation or sexual crimes), with Collins saying, "I'm talking Nonce Sense!" "Tomorrow's World" presenter Philippa Forrester and ITN reporter Nicholas Owen were shown explaining the details of HOECS (pronounced "hoax") computer games, which online paedophiles were using to abuse children via the internet. Capital Radio DJ Neil "Doctor" Fox told viewers that "paedophiles have more genes in common with crabs than they do with you and me", adding "Now that is scientific fact—there's no real evidence for it—but it "is" scientific fact".
Lineker described paedophile text slang, stating that "BALTIMORA" translates to "literally, I'm running at them now with my trousers down". Labour MP Syd Rapson related that paedophiles were using "an area of internet the size of Ireland". Richard Blackwood stated that internet paedophiles could make computer keyboards emit noxious fumes to subdue children, subsequently sniffing a keyboard and claiming that he could smell the fumes, which made him feel "suggestible". Blackwood also warned watching parents that exposure to the fumes would make their children "smell like hammers". Other notable figures appearing as themselves were Sebastian Coe, Michael Hames, Andy McNab, Kate Thornton, Barbara Follett MP and Gerald Howarth MP.
The studio was "invaded" by a fictional militant pro-paedophile activism organisation called "Milit-pede", and the programme appeared to suffer a short technical disturbance. When it returned, presenter Chris Morris confronted a spokesman, Gerard Chote (played by Simon Pegg), who had been placed in a pillory, asking if he wanted sex with Morris's six-year-old son. Hesitantly, the spokesman refused, apologetically explaining "I don't fancy him". When explaining how the sequence had been filmed, Morris said the child was not present but added digitally. The scene led to a media backlash.
Response.
Around 3,000 complaints were received and politicians spoke out against Morris. Minister for Child Protection Beverley Hughes described the show as "unspeakably sick" but later admitted she had not seen the episode. Home Secretary David Blunkett said that he was "dismayed" but had also not seen the episode, because he was on holiday in Majorca at the time and is blind. Tessa Jowell, after watching, asked the Independent Television Commission to change its procedures so it could rule more swiftly on similar programmes. There was also a tabloid campaign against Morris, who refused to discuss the issue.
The "Daily Star" decried Morris and the show, and the "Daily Mail" ran a headline describing "Brass Eye" as "Unspeakably Sick". "The Observer" noted that the "Star"s article was positioned next to a separate article about the 15-year-old singer Charlotte Church's appearance (under the headline "She's a big girl now", featuring the phrases "how quickly she's grown up" and "looking chest swell"), and that the "Mail"s was preceded by "close-ups" of Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie, who were 13 and 11 at the time. Defenders of the show argued that media reaction to the show reinforced its satire of the media's hysteria and hypocrisy on the subject of paedophilia.
The episode won a "Broadcast" magazine award in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18950042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950042" title="Naarda">
Naarda

Naarda is a genus of moths containing 31 species. It is in the family Noctuidae.

</doc>
<doc id="18950050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950050" title="Black box">
Black box

In science and engineering, a black box is a device, system or object which can be viewed in terms of its input, output and transfer characteristics without any knowledge of its internal workings. Its implementation is "opaque" (black). Almost anything might be referred to as a black box: a transistor, an algorithm, or the human brain.
The opposite of a black box is a system where the inner components or logic are available for inspection, which is sometimes known as a clear box, a glass box, or a white box.
History.
The modern term "black box" seems to have entered the English language around 1945. The process of network synthesis from the transfer functions of black boxes can be traced to Wilhelm Cauer who published his ideas in their most developed form in 1941. Although Cauer did not himself use the term, others who followed him certainly did describe the method as black-box analysis. Vitold Belevitch puts the concept of black-boxes even earlier, attributing the explicit use of two-port networks as black boxes to Franz Breisig in 1921 and argues that 2-terminal components were implicitly treated as black-boxes before that.

</doc>
<doc id="18950055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950055" title="Erin Blanchard">
Erin Blanchard

Erin Blanchard (born November 20, 1989) is an American gymnast from Broussard, Louisiana.
Blanchard competed in the Women's Individual Trampoline on August 15, 2008, at the 2008 Summer Olympic Games in Beijing, but did not advance to the finals.
Early life.
Erin is the daughter of Kay and Dwight Blanchard and has three brothers, Caleb, Jon and Dewey. Erin watched the '94 Olympic gymnastics team and dreamed of becoming an Olympic gymnast. Her mother then signed her up that year for a local gym.
The 2006 U.S. champion, Blanchard retired in 2007. She told the Houston Chronicle: "I had some complications with the gym and the coach. I just had to get away from it all." During her eight-month break she worked out with her brother, a body builder, but didn't bounce on a trampoline at all. But once the U.S. secured a wildcard Olympic spot, Blanchard reconsidered her retirement: "When I walked away, I never really thought of the Olympics as a possibility." After a rough first day back, Blanchard said that it took her about a month to relearn most of her skills.
Trampoline career.
Road To Beijing.
Blanchard earned her trip to China by edging friend Alaina Hebert in the U.S. trampoline Olympic selection points system. Blanchard and Hebert grew up a few miles apart in Broussard, La. (pop: 6,000) just outside of Lafayette and carpooled to practice during their early years in the sport. Fellow Olympic team member Chris Estrada trained with Blanchard before all three moved to the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs.
Beijing 2008.
After earning a berth to the Olympics, Erin competed at the Olympics at the age of only 18. Erin scored a 27.1 during her first, compulsory, routine at the Olympics. She would be ranked tied for 14th after her first routine. Erin scored a 33.8 during her second, optional routine, at the Olympics. She would move up in the rankings to 13. However, only the top 8 advance to finals.

</doc>
<doc id="18950062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950062" title="LBLRTM">
LBLRTM

LBLRTM - The Line-By-Line Radiative Transfer Model is an accurate, efficient and highly flexible model for calculating spectral transmittance and radiance.

</doc>
<doc id="18950063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950063" title="Coronet Industries">
Coronet Industries

Coronet Industries Incorporated is a chemical company that operated a plant converting phosphate to animal feed located in Hillsborough County just four miles outside of Plant City, Florida. The plant operated for almost 100 years under several corporate ownerships before closing in March 2004 in the midst of an investigation by the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the State of Florida, and the Environmental Protection Commission of Hillsborough County. 
The company was originally organized as the Coronet Phosphate Company in 1906. The processing plant near Plant City was constructed and began mining operations in 1908. The phosphate was mined from the surrounding land holdings by a combination of dragline removal of the soil above the phosphate deposits (overburden) and hydraulic pressure stripping. The raw phosphate material was then transported to the processing plant where it was dried and stored for later shipment. The phosphae deposits in the nearby area were generally mined out by the 1920s, and mining operations shifted to the Hopewell area about 15 miles south of Plant City. In 1913 The Coronet Company purchased the Pembroke Mine facility, located between Fort Meade and Bartow in Polk County, from the French company, Compagnie Generale des Phosphates de la Florida. In addition to the Pembroke Mine, the Coronet Company operated mining facilities at a number of other sites it acquired in Hillsborough and Polk Counties. Operations at the main Plant City plant consisted solely of the drying of the rock material and its shipment to users by rail until 1945 when the plant was expanded to allow institution of a defluorinating process involving a chemical treatment of the rock. Deluorination allowed the conversion of phosphate to an animal feed supplement, Coronet Defluorinated Phosphate (CDP), which became the principal product of the company in later years.
Construction at the original plant site, Coronet Village, included approximately 75 houses for both white and black plant and mine employees. Because public roads and highways were somewhat primitive and private automobiles were not very common, having employees live near to the processing plant was desirable. The Pembroke Mine also had a fairly extensive employee housing village. Less extensive employee housing facilities were also constructed at the other mining sites. Both the Coronet and Pembroke Village sites were generally self-contained small towns with a company store, recreation facilities, and water and sewage infrastructure. These small self-supporting company villages were fairly common in the Florida phosphate industry from the early 1900s until about 1960. 
The Coronet Phosphate Company continued operating as an independent company until its purchase in 1952 by the Smith-Douglass Corporation of Norfolk, Virginia. Then, in 1964 Smith-Douglass was acquired by the Borden Company who, in turn, sold the company to Consolidated Minerals, Inc. Finally, that company sold the Coronet facilities to two Japanese firms, Onoda Chemical Industry Company, Ltd., and Mitsui & Company, the present owners. They operated Coronet under the current name, Coronet Industries, Inc. In the course of these various changes in ownership and the change from a strictly drying operation to the institution of the CDP treatment, a concern developed in the surrounding area over whether the Coronet operations were producing adverse environmental effects on the nearby housing and agricultural areas.
Residents of the surrounding community alleged that pollution from the plant leached into the groundwater and caused increased rates of cancer amongst other health problems. Arsenic, boron, cadmium, lead and other dangerous chemicals were detected in residential wells surrounding the plant. The federal Environmental Protection Agency cautioned state officials about potential health risks associated with leaky equipment and corroded stacks allowing underwater leaching and spills from Coronet, but residents were not notified of ongoing problems with the company's lack of environmental controls. The state Department of Environmental Protection Secretary David Struhs expressed concern over "potential systemic problems that prevented the situation from being identified and corrected sooner" in the Tampa office of the DEP. Legislation requiring the state of Florida to notify area residents in such events was proposed.
A 2006 report by the state of Florida said that those who were exposed to the Coronet site after 2003 were at no health risk, although there was insufficient evidence to draw a conclusion about those who were exposed before that time.
Approximately 1,200 residents who live near the plant and former employees of Coronet Industries have filed a class-action lawsuit against the company, alleging amongst other things that the pollution from the plant has harmed their health and lowered property values. Coronet, at the time it was shut down in 2004, was owned by Japan based Mitsui and Onoda Chemical. Previous owners include Borden Chemical, Smith-Douglas and Browne Gregg. The residents were initially represented by Masry & Vititoe, the firm which employed famous environmental activist Erin Brockovich, among other law firms.

</doc>
<doc id="18950069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950069" title="Matthäus Zell">
Matthäus Zell

Matthäus Zell (also "Mathias Zell"; anglicized as "Matthew Zell") (21 September 1477, Kaysersberg – 9 January 1548, Strasbourg) was a Lutheran theologian and reformer based in Strasbourg. His widow was Katharina Zell.
Life.
Zell was the son of a wine maker in Kaysersberg. He studied at the Universities of Mainz, Erfurt and Freiburg im Breisgau. His compatriot Johann Geiler von Kaysersberg exerted a strong influence on him.

</doc>
<doc id="18950070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950070" title="Mir Bandeh Ali Khan Talpur">
Mir Bandeh Ali Khan Talpur

Mir Bandeh Ali Khan Talpur () was a politician from Sindh, Pakistan. 
Mir Bandeh Ali Khan Talpur was Chief Minister of Sindh from April 14, 1940 to March 7, 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="18950071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950071" title="Malcolm Hogg">
Malcolm Hogg

Sir Malcolm Nicholson Hogg (17 January 1883–February 1948) was an English banker and a member of the Council of India from 1920 to 1925.
Hogg was the youngest child of the prominent London merchant Quintin Hogg. He was educated at Eton College and Balliol College, Oxford and then joined the bankers Forbes, Forbes, Campbell & Co in 1904, going out to their Bombay office the following year and later becoming a partner. He spent much of the rest of his life in India, serving as deputy chairman and then chairman of the Bombay Chamber of Commerce, which he represented on the provincial legislature, and serving on the Viceroy's Council from 1917 to 1919 and the Council of India from 1920 to 1925. He later became joint deputy chairman of the Westminster Bank.
He was knighted in the 1920 New Year Honours for his services to India.
Hogg's elder brother was Douglas Hogg, 1st Viscount Hailsham and his nephew was Quintin Hogg, Baron Hailsham of St Marylebone. Both served as Lord Chancellor. Hogg's grandfather Sir James Hogg had also served on the Council of India.

</doc>
<doc id="18950078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950078" title="Jack DiLauro">
Jack DiLauro

Jack Edward DiLauro (born May 3, 1943 in Akron, Ohio) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the 1969 World Series Champion New York Mets.
DiLauro started his professional baseball career by signing with the Detroit Tigers as an amateur free agent on January 1, 1963. He never played in the Major Leagues for the Tigers. On December 4, 1968 he was traded to the New York Mets in exchange for Hector Valle.
In 1969, DiLauro pitched 4 games for the Mets AAA minor league affiliate, the Tidewater Tides. He was then promoted to the Mets and made his major league debut for the Mets on May 15, 1969 against the Atlanta Braves. In 1969, he pitched in 23 games, mostly in relief, and 63 innings for the Mets. He won 1 game against 4 losses with 1 save. The win, his first in the Major Leagues occurred on July 20 against the Montreal Expos. His ERA in 1969 was a solid 2.40, better than league average. The Mets won the World Series in 1969, but DiLauro did not pitch in the postseason. 
After the season, DiLauro was drafted from the Mets by the Houston Astros in the rule 5 draft. In 1970 DiLauro pitched in 42 games for the Astros, all in relief, pitching 33 innings. He had 1 win and 3 losses with 3 saves. 
He was sold by the Astros to the Hawaii Islanders, the San Diego Padres AAA team in the Pacific Coast League on March 15, 1971. In July 1971 he was traded with Hank McGraw (brother of DiLauro's former Mets teammate Tug McGraw) to the Atlanta Braves organization for Marv Staehle. But he never pitched in the major leagues after 1970.
As of August 23, 2008 DiLauro's Mets ERA of 2.40 is 3rd best all-time among Mets pitchers with at least 50 innings pitched for the team, behind only Carlos Diaz and Billy Wagner.

</doc>
<doc id="18950082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950082" title="Caduceus (disambiguation)">
Caduceus (disambiguation)

The term "Caduceus" is part of the title of several articles:

</doc>
<doc id="18950084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950084" title="Bells Comprehensive Secondary School">
Bells Comprehensive Secondary School

The Bells Comprehensive Secondary School for Boys and Girls is a secondary school located in Ota, Ogun State, Nigeria. The school educates about 550 students. 

</doc>
<doc id="18950086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950086" title="Dan LaGrasta">
Dan LaGrasta

Dan LaGrasta (June 22, 1929 - November 25, 2009) was offensive line coach (football) from 1972 through 1982. He was recruiting co-ordinator (football) from 1983-1985. Dan joined Texas A&M in 1972 after serving as Head Football Coach and Athletic Director at San Angelo Central High School in San Angelo, Texas from 1967 through 1972. He never had a losing record as head coach at San Angelo. From 1960 through 1966, Dan was offensive line coach for the San Angelo Bobcats following Emory Bellard from Breckenridge, Texas in coming to the Bobcats. In Breckenridge, Dan was also the offensive line coach under Coach Bellard. While at Breckenridge, the Buckaroos won two state championships in football. While at San Angelo, the Bobcats won the state championship in football in 1966. Once again, Dan followed Coach Bellard to Texas A&M in 1972 as Bellard joined the Aggies as head football coach having come from Texas University (Austin). While at Texas A&M, Dan served under the following head football coaches: Emory Bellard, Tom Wilson and Jackie Sherrill. Besides having a successful career as a football coach, Dan also served in the United States Navy during the Korean War as a forward torpedoman aboard the USS Seafox Submarine.

</doc>
<doc id="18950091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950091" title="Pablo Daniel Escobar">
Pablo Daniel Escobar

Pablo Daniel Escobar Olivetti (, born 23 February 1978) is a Paraguayan-born Bolivian footballer that currently plays for Bolivian Primera División club The Strongest as an attacking midfielder or second striker.
Club career.
Escobar started his career in the youth divisions of Olimpia, and eventually made his way to the first team although he spent more time playing for the reserves. In 2000, he was signed by the Argentine side Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy, and after three years with the club, he relocated to Bolivia to play for San José in 2004. His good conditions rewarded him with a transfer to The Strongest the following season. He also had a brief stint in Cerro Porteño in 2006 before returning to The Strongest for a second spell.
On 28 August 2008, he joined Brazilian club Ipatinga. Escobar joined Santo André of Brazil on 5 January 2009. He joined Mirassol in January 2010. After about a year, he signed a 3-year contract with Paulista (Brazilian) side Botafogo-SP.
International career.
In August 2008, Escobar received Bolivian citizenship in order to play for the Bolivia national football team. Between 2008 and 2012 Escobar made 15 appearances for Bolivia netting 3 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18950094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950094" title="Tyra Misoux">
Tyra Misoux

Tyra Misoux (born January 3, 1983 in Steinfurt, Germany) is a former German pornographic actress living in Berlin.
She worked as a waitress before starting her adult film career at age 19. Her stage name is derived from the Italian dessert tiramisu.

</doc>
<doc id="18950100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950100" title="Robert Taylor (engineer)">
Robert Taylor (engineer)

Sir Robert Taylor (1855 – April 1921) was a British mining engineer in India. He was senior partner with John Taylor & Sons Ltd and a director of the Mysore Gold Mining Company Ltd.
He was knighted in the 1920 New Year Honours for his services to India. John Taylor & Sons Ltd went into receivership in 1922, the year after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18950105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950105" title="Chrysops relictus">
Chrysops relictus

The adult twin-lobed deerfly, Chrysops relictus, is a largish European fly of about length, The larvae feed upon organic matter in damp soils, and are termed hydrobionts in that they inhabit areas of high water content. 

</doc>
<doc id="18950107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950107" title="Malgorzata Nowacka">
Malgorzata Nowacka

Malgorzata Nowacka (born 1979) is a Canadian contemporary choreographer. She has developed a distinct choreographic language within her Toronto based company The Chimera Project. Her work has been performed in Canada in some of the most prestigious contexts (Canada Dance Festival, Dance Victoria).

</doc>
<doc id="18950112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950112" title="List of Dominican Ministers of Higher Learning, Science and Technology">
List of Dominican Ministers of Higher Learning, Science and Technology

The Ministry of Higher Learning, Science and Technology was created on 13 August 2001 by the law number 139 of the year 2001.
Before to be elevated to the level of Ministry, was known as National Council for Superior Education ("Consejo Nacional de Educación Superior or CONES")
See also.
Cabinet of the Dominican Republic

</doc>
<doc id="18950116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950116" title="Alianza Unetefan AFC">
Alianza Unetefan AFC

Alianza UAFC is a football (soccer) club from Guadalupe, Nuevo León, Mexico.They play in the Tercera División (fifth tier) of the Federación Mexicana de Fútbol Asociación.
History.
UNETEFAN was created in 2007 as a dream; to be a community of football fans in Mexico, where the fanatics had voice and vote in the decisions of their team.
With the motto "Football is going to change" the first goal was set, to arrive at 1000 fans.
The fans of the new team voted for the name, the colors and the badge in an open competition.
Stadium.
The team plays in Unidad Deportiva La Talaverna

</doc>
<doc id="18950118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950118" title="182nd Infantry Regiment (United States)">
182nd Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 182nd Infantry Regiment has the distinction of being one of the oldest regiment in the United States Army. The regiment traces its history more than 230 years, when it was a colonial regiment of foot of the British Crown in Massachusetts. It later served in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War, with Union forces in the American Civil War, and as a federalized Massachusetts National Guard regiment with the U.S. Army during World War I and World War II. For many years the regiment was a mechanized unit, and in 2006 the regiment was converted into the 182nd Cavalry Regiment, headquartered at Melrose Armory in Melrose, Massachusetts. Converted back into infantry in 2010, the only active element of the regiment is the 1st Battalion, 182nd Infantry Regiment.
History.
Formation and colonial operations.
The 182nd Infantry Regiment traces its origins to the North Regiment which was constituted and organized on 7 October 1636 from existing "training bands" at Charlestown, New Town, Watertown, Concord, and Dedham. The regiment was redesignated on 10 March 1643 as the Regiment of Middlesex. As a colonial regiment operating in the American wilderness, the regiment was quick to incorporate changes in tactical doctrine based on conditions encountered in fighting Native Americans in King Philip's War and other conflicts, requiring each militiaman to own a modern flintlock musket prior to 1675. The unit was divided into two regiments on 13 October 1680, one designated as the Lower Regiment of Middlesex, to include the town of Charlestown, Cambridge, Watertown, Woburn, Malden and Reading. It was redesignated prior to 1733 as the 1st Regiment of Militia of Middlesex. (The 2nd Middlesex Regiment, born of this division, has also survived as the 181st Infantry Regiment (United States)).
Massachusetts Army and the American Revolution.
At the onset of the American Revolutionary War, the Massachusetts Provincial Congress, meeting as a shadow government, ordered the activation of the 1st Middlesex County Regiment on 19 April 1775. It was reorganized and entered the Massachusetts Army as Gardner's Regiment on 23 April 1775 (elements of the Regiment remained with the 1st Middlesex County Regiment for depot guards and for local defense). It was redesignated as Bond's Regiment upon the death of Colonel Gardner, on 3 July 1775. The unit was again redesignated on 1 January 1776 as the 25th Continental Regiment of the Continental Army, and on 1 January 1777 as the 7th Massachusetts Regiment, Continental Line. The Regiment was mustered out of Continental service on 12 June 1783.
War of 1812.
The 182nd Infantry is one of only nineteen Army National Guard units with campaign credit for the War of 1812.
Civil War.
The unit was ordered into active service for the defense of Washington on 19 April 1861 with attached companies from the 1st and 7th Regiments of Infantry, Massachusetts Volunteer Militia, and Major Cook's Light Artillery Company. It was mustered into federal service on 1 May 1861 at Washington, D.C., for three months service, and assigned to the 1st Brigade, 3rd Division. It participated in the First Battle of Bull Run before being mustered out on 1 August 1861 at Boston. The unit was again mustered into federal service between 16 September – 8 October 1862 at Wenham for nine months service; during which time it served in the Department of North Carolina and with the XVIII Corp. It was mustered out on 2 July 1863 at Wenham. It was mustered into federal service at Camp Meigs, Readville, MA, in July 1864 for 100 days service and served with the VIII Corp in the Middle Military Division (Baltimore and vicinity) before being mustered out on 16 November 1864 at Readville and resumed state militia status as the Massachusetts Volunteer Militia.
National Guard and overseas service.
During the 1898 Spanish-American War the 182nd was mustered into federal service but did not go oversees. On 15 November 1907, the 182nd, as part of the land forces of the Massachusetts Volunteer Militia, was redesignated as a regiment of the Massachusetts National Guard.
The 182nd was mustered into federal service on 25 June 1916 at Framingham for duty on the Mexican Border while stationed at El Paso, Texas. The regiment mustered out between 10–15 November 1916. It was re-activated on 25 July 1917 and drafted into federal service on 5 August 1917 for service in World War I. The 182nd was redesignated on 11 February 1918 as the 3rd Pioneer Infantry Regiment, and served in the U.S. First Army sector in France before being demobilized between 25–31 July 1919 at Camp Devens.
The unit reorganized on 12 July 1920 as the 5th Infantry Regiment of the Massachusetts National Guard. On 21 March 1923, it was redesignated as the 182nd Infantry Regiment, and assigned to the 51st Infantry Brigade along with the 101st Infantry Regiment. The 51st Infantry Brigade seems to have been assigned to the 26th Infantry Division. It was subsequently reorganized and federally recognized on 11 April 1923 with headquarters at Charlestown.
World War II.
The unit was inducted into federal service on 16 January 1941 at Charlestown for service in World War II. It was relieved from the 26th Division and assigned to the Task Force 6814, on 14 January 1942, which was sent to Melbourne, Australia.
On 6 March 1942 the men of the 182nd broke camp outside Melbourne and boarded troop trains for the docks in Melbourne. With the rest of the Task Force, the 182nd traveled to a classified destination which turned out to be New Caledonia, where they arrived on 12 March 1942. On 27 May 1942, Task Force 6814 was redesignated the Americal Division, one of only two American infantry divisions to be assigned a name instead of a number (Americal is a combination of the words American and Caledonia).
As part of a piecemeal transfer of the Americal Division, the 182nd was deployed to combat in the Battle of Guadalcanal on 12 November 1942, where the regiment's 3d Battalion participated in an operation to capture the Japanese defensive works atop the Sea Horse, a prominent terrain feature on the island. Maintaining contact with elements of other U.S. Army regiments in the assault, the 3rd Battalion began its ascent, and by 30 December was in action against Japanese forces atop the Sea Horse. The fighting was so intense that some of the Americans could not be removed after being killed, and were buried where they fell. In 2008, the remains of Lt. Raymond S. Woods of the 182nd Infantry Regiment, who was killed in action on 30 December 1942 in fighting atop the Sea Horse Ridge, were located and transferred to JPAC. The 182nd later fought in the Bougainville campaign, the Northern Solomons, and later in the Battle of Leyte.
On 26 March 1945, during Operation "Victor II", the 182nd landed at Talisay Beach, four miles (6.5 km) west of Cebu City, taking Cebu City the next day. Moving into the jungled hills of the interior, the 182nd fought the Battle of Go Chan Hill 28–29 March 1945 and then battled to clear the other hills in the area. They were heavily counterattacked by fanatical Japanese defenders on Bolo Ridge. After eliminating Japanese resistance on Cebu, the 182nd rested and reequipped, later boarding ship from Cebu for occupation duty in Japan.
Near the end of the war, the Americal Division was renamed the 23rd Infantry Division, though it retained its original designation in both official documents and informal usage throughout the war.
Later service.
The 2nd Battalion inactivated on 29 November 1945 at Fort Lewis, Washington. The regiment (less 2nd Battalion which inactivated on 2 December 1945 at Fort Lawton staging area, WA) was relieved from the Americal Division and assigned to the 182nd Regimental Combat Team on 8 July 1946. It reorganized and was federally recognized on 5 December 1946 with headquarters at Charlestown. Its Headquarters relocated to Melrose on 30 September 1955.
The unit was relieved from the 182nd Regimental Combat Team on 1 May 1959 and reorganized as the 182nd Infantry (Mechanized) under the Combat Arms Regimental System. 
In 2006, the regiment was reorganized and redesignated the 182nd Cavalry Regiment, ending 370 years of history as an infantry regiment. Thus as a Reconnaissance, Surveillance, and Target Acquisition force, the 1st Squadron, 182nd Cavalry Regiment served as a fast-moving armored reconnaissance unit.
From August 2006 to November 2007 the 1st Squadron 182nd Cavalry served as Task Force Patriot in Kosovo. They were responsible for a large portion of southern Kosovo in the turbulent year that preceded final status and independence for Kosovo from Serbia.
As of 2007, the squadron had detached elements serving in Iraq and Afghanistan. In 2008, the squadron completed a 15-month tour of active duty in Kosovo supporting the NATO efforts there as part of Task Force Patriot. One notable contribution of the Task Force was the collection of school supplies and textbooks for children in remote areas of the country through its civil affairs program.
Back to infantry.
An online article by the Massachusetts Army National Guard dated 3 August 2009 stated that the unit would soon revert to an infantry configuration.[http://states.ng.mil/sites/MA/News/Pages/Cavalry%20Unit%20Hosts%20Tactical%20Demonstration%20for%20Family%20and%20Friends.aspx]
Effective 13 December 2010, the 1–182nd Cavalry was yet again redesignated to the 1–182nd Infantry Regiment.
In March 2011, the 1st Battalion 182nd Infantry mobilized for service in Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. In July 2011, the 182nd Infantry relieved the 181st Infantry in Afghanistan.
At the end of March 2012 having been relieved by the 143rd Infantry the 182nd Infantry was released from active duty having completed its tour in Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18950128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950128" title="Thomas Strangman">
Thomas Strangman

Sir Thomas Joseph Strangman QC (7 January 1873–8 October 1971) was a British barrister who spent much of his career in India.
Strangman was educated at Charterhouse School and Trinity Hall, Cambridge and was called to the bar by the Middle Temple in 1896. He practised in Bombay, where he was a member of the Legislative Council and was appointed Advocate-General of Bombay in 1914. In this role he was the first lawyer to successfully prosecute Gandhi. He was knighted in the 1920 New Year Honours.
In 1922 he returned to England and attempted to enter politics for the Conservative Party, unsuccessfully contesting Crewe in 1923 and Wolverhampton East in 1924. He then returned to practise in Bombay.
In about 1929 he returned to England permanently and specialised in Indian appeals before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. He was highly successful in this practice and took silk in 1938. He became a bencher of Lincoln's Inn in 1944.
He was also at various times chairman of the Eastern Bank, the Banque Belge pour l'Etranger, the Shanghai Electric Corporation and the Singapore Traction Company.

</doc>
<doc id="18950143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950143" title="1951 Cannes Film Festival">
1951 Cannes Film Festival

The 4th Cannes Film Festival was held on 3-20 April 1951. The festival was not held in 1950. This year, the festival took place in April instead of September.
The Grand Prize of the Festival went to the three different films, "Miss Julie" by Alf Sjöberg, "Miracle in Milan" by Vittorio De Sica and "Spiegel van Holland" by Bert Haanstra. The festival honored Michèle Morgan, Jean Marais and Jean Cocteau with "Victoire du cinéma français" award. 
Jury.
The following were the Jury for the "Feature films" and "Short films".
Feature film competition.
The following films were selected as In Competition:
Short films.
The following short films were selected as In Competition:

</doc>
<doc id="18950144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950144" title="Rapid radiative transfer model">
Rapid radiative transfer model

The rapid radiative transfer model (RRTM) is a validated, correlated k-distribution band model for the calculation of longwave and shortwave atmospheric radiative fluxes and heating rates. The Rapid Radiative Transfer Model for GCMs is an accelerated version of RRTM that provides improved efficiency with minimal loss of accuracy for application to general circulation models.

</doc>
<doc id="18950153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950153" title="Independent Energy Partners">
Independent Energy Partners

Independent Energy Partners, Inc. (IEP) is an American oil shale company based in Parker, Colorado. It is a developer of the Geothermic Fuels Cells Process, an "in-situ" shale oil extraction process. CEO of the company is Alan K. Forbes.
History.
IEP was founded in 1991 as an energy project and technology development company. Since 2002, it has focused on the development of its Geothermic Fuel Cell Process technology. On February 3, 2004, IEP received an initial patent on the Geothermic Fuels Cells Process and on April 13, 2005, IEP retained the consulting firm Sage Geotech to produce technical assessments related to this technology. On March 1, 2006, IEP concluded negotiations with Battelle Memorial Institute, the operator of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, for development of the Geothermic Fuel Cell prototype and in September 2008, they signed agreements for modeling, analysis, design and engineering to commercialize this technology and related applications. The continuation-in-part application for the Geothermic Fuel Cell Process was issued by the United States Patent and Trademark Office on February 27, 2007. 
In August 2005, IEP concluded has mineral interests lease within the Green River Formation. In August 2008, IEP signed a partnership agreement with Total S.A..
Operations.
IEP owns the patents to the Geothermic Fuel Cell technology (US Patent Nos. 6,684,948 B1-Apparatus and Method For Heating Subterranean Formations Using Fuel Cells and 7,182,132 B2-Linearly Scalable Geothermic Fuel Cells). Fuel cells are developed by Delphi Corporation. 
IEP owns mineral interests in the oil shale reserves within the Green River Formation, including in Rio Blanco County, Colorado.
Geothermic Fuels Cells Process.
In the Independent Energy Partners' Geothermic Fuels Cells Process (IEP GFC), a high-temperature stack of fuel cells is placed in the formation. During an initial warm-up period, the cells are fueled by an external source of natural gas. Afterwards, the process is able to fuel itself using oil shale gas generated by its own waste heat. The formation is fractured by rising fluid pressure in the heated zone. Alternatively, the formation can be pre-fractured to enhance the shale oil flow between heating and producing wells. The company asserts a ratio of approximately 7 units of energy produced per unit used, when primary recovery is combined with gasification of the residual char and use of the resulting oil shale gas. The company asserts a ratio of approximately 18 units of energy produced per unit used, cause primary recovery is combined with gasification of the residual char and use of the resulting oil shale gas. In addition, the fuel cell produces electric power as a by-product of the process.
Oil Shale Alliance.
IEP together with Petro Probe, Inc. and Phoenix Wyoming, Inc have formed the Oil Shale Alliance, Inc., a Delaware corporation for the purpose of commercialization of "in-situ" oil shale technologies. 

</doc>
<doc id="18950172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950172" title="Vladimir Malyavin">
Vladimir Malyavin

Vladimir Eduardovich Malyavin (; born 4 March 1973 in Aşgabat, Turkmen SSR) is a retired male long jumper from Russia.
He originally represented Turkmenistan. He competed at the 1993 World Championships, the 1995 World Indoor Championships, the 1995 World Championships and the 1996 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
For Russia he finished twelfth at the 2000 Olympic Games, seventh at the 2001 World Indoor Championships and eighth at the 2002 European Championships. He competed at the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
His personal best jump is 8.25 metres, achieved in June 2000 in St. Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="18950183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950183" title="Twelve-string bass">
Twelve-string bass

The twelve-string bass is an electric bass with four courses each of three strings.
Normal tuning is eeE-aaA-ddD-ggG, with one string of each course tuned similarly to the corresponding string of the four-string bass, and the remaining two strings tuned to the octave.
Other bass guitars with twelve strings.
Although the model most commonly known as "the 12-string bass" is as described above, several other bass guitars with a total of twelve strings have been built to rarer or unique specifications.
Six-course bass.
A bass with six courses each of two strings was played by John Paul Jones of Led Zeppelin. This instrument was made by Hugh Manson.
Twelve-course bass.
Basses have been built with twelve single-string courses, and various tunings. These are not normally played as a conventional bass guitar, but rather both hands are used on the fretboard.

</doc>
<doc id="18950189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950189" title="Khuhro">
Khuhro

Khuhro () is a Sindhi tribe in Sindh and Balochistan, Pakistan. Khuhros belong to the Abro clan of the Sammas. According to tradition the Khuhro settled in the fertile tract near the Indus River around the modern Larkana District and Khairpur District. As per some saying they belong to the Arab ethic group and are the decedents of Quraish Qabila. They came with Mohammad Bin Qasim and settled in Sindh province of Pakistan, which has the same weather as of their homeland.
The Khuhro tribe is found in ten villages of the Gambat taluka, Khairpur District, where until 2013 they were supporters of the PPP and PML-F political parties. In that year they were expected to change their support to Asad Khuhro, an independent election candidate from their own community who was also their tribal chief and a grandson of a former Pakistani Defence Minister, Muhammad Ayub Khuhro.

</doc>
<doc id="18950207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950207" title="Muhammad Ayub Khuhro">
Muhammad Ayub Khuhro

Muhammad Ayub Khuhro (14 August 1901 - 1980) was a politician from Sindh, Pakistan, who became its first Chief Minister after independence of Pakistan and subsequently serving two additional terms in the 1950s. He later became the Defence Minister in the government of PM Feroz Khan Noon, before the imposition of martial law by General Ayub Khan.
Khuhro was born into a landed family at Larnaka in Sind province of what was then British India in 1901. He entered politics in 1923 when he was elected to the Bombay Legislative Council from one of the three Larnaka seats. From then onwards and despite his occasional roles in national affairs, he was primarily identified with the politics and interests of Sind. Hamida Khuhro, an academic, is his daughter and has written his biography.

</doc>
<doc id="18950213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950213" title="Yahya Berrabah">
Yahya Berrabah

Yahya Berrabah (, born 13 October 1981 in Oujda) is a Moroccan long jumper. He is a five-time participant at the World Championships in Athletics (2003–2011) and has twice represented his country at the Olympic Games. He was the 2008 African Champion in the long jump. His personal best of 8.40 metres is the Moroccan national record.
He finished seventh at the 2002 African Championships. At the 2006 African Championships he finished eighth in the long jump and seventh in the triple jump. He won the gold medal at the 2008 African Championships. He competed at the World Championships 2003, 2005 and 2007 as well as the Olympic Games in 2004 and 2008 without reaching the final.
He broke the Moroccan national record in Rabat on 23 May 2009: his jump of 8.38 metres at the Meeting Mohammed VI d' Athlétisme beat Younés Moudrik's record which had stood for almost nine years. He improved this to 8.40 m at the 2009 Jeux de la Francophonie in Beirut – a mark which won him the gold medal and a games record. He performed less well in 2010, failing to pass the eight-metre mark, but cleared 8.37 m in July 2011 in Barcelona. He went on to finish fourth at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics.
Berrabah failed an out-of-competition drug test in January 2012 and was suspended for two years.

</doc>
<doc id="18950219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950219" title="2008–09 A1 Grand Prix of Nations, Italy">
2008–09 A1 Grand Prix of Nations, Italy

The 2008–09 A1 Grand Prix of Nations, Italy was set to be an A1 Grand Prix race, to be held at Autodromo Internazionale di Mugello, Mugello, Italy. It was originally set to be the first race of the 2008-09 A1 Grand Prix season, but a delay in the build schedule of the new chassis forced it to be moved from the season opener.
On September 9, 2008 it was announced that a replacement date for the race could not be found, and thus the race was removed from the schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="18950234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950234" title="Gary Stites">
Gary Stites

Gary Stites (b. July 23, 1940) is an American pop singer who enjoyed brief success in the late 1950s.
Stites is best remembered for his top 40 hit, "Lonely for You", which bore a significant sonic resemblance to the Conway Twitty song "It's Only Make Believe". The tune peaked at No. 24 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1959, and a follow-up single, "Starry Eyed",peaked at No. 77 later that same year. It would hit the No. 1 spot in the UK for Michael Holliday. Stites released a full-length album on Carlton Records in 1960, but it was his only LP.

</doc>
<doc id="18950248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950248" title="Demographics of Hamburg">
Demographics of Hamburg

The German city of Hamburg is the most populous city in the European Union which is not a national capital. The city contains an approximate 1.8 million people.
The figures since 1970 are published by the Statistical Office for Hamburg and Schleswig Holstein, based on the information of several state authorities.
Population.
On December 31, 2006 there were 1,754,182 registered people living in Hamburg (up from 1,652,363 in 1990). The population density was .
There were 856,132 males and 898,050 females in Hamburg. For every 1,000 males there were 1,049 females. In 2006 there were 16,089 births in Hamburg, of which 33.1% were given by unmarried women, 6,921 marriages and 4,583 divorces. In 2006, 198 registered partnerships took place at the civil registration office ("Standesamt"). 40 partnerships were dissolved by court order since 2001. In the city the population was spread out with 15.7% under the age of 18, and 18.8% were 65 years of age or older. 257,060 resident aliens were living in Hamburg (14.8% of the population). The largest group are with only Turkish citizenship with 58,154 (22.6% of the resident aliens), followed by 20,743 with only Polish citizenship. 4,046 people were from the United Kingdom and 4,369 were from the United States. According to GTZ, 22,000 immigrants living in Hamburg are from Afghanistan, thus forming the largest Afghan community in Germany and Europe.
After a descent of the population in the 1970s, Hamburg has constantly grown since 1999. Although the numbers of death are higher than the births given.
Households.
In 1999 there were 910,304 households, out of which 18.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them and 47.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 1.9.
Quarters and boroughs.
In 2008 Wandsbek was the most populous borough in Hamburg. Until February 2008 the Harburg borough was the second-most. Through the change of the borders in Hamburg, the quarter Wilhelmsburg merged into Hamburg-Mitte, and Hamburg-Mitte became the second-most populous borough.
Sexual orientation.
The Hamburg Institute for Sexual Research conducted a survey over the sexual behavior of young people in 1970, and repeated it in 1990. Whereas in 1970 18% of the boys aged 16 and 17 reported to have had at least one same-sex sexual experience, the number had dropped to 2% by 1990. ""Ever since homosexuality became publicly argued to be an innate sexual orientation, boys' fear of being seen as gay has, if anything, increased,"" the director of the institute, Volkmar Sigusch, suggested in a 1998 article for a German medical journal.

</doc>
<doc id="18950276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950276" title="Metz Airport">
Metz Airport

Metz Airport may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18950277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950277" title="Sarah Walker (BMX rider)">
Sarah Walker (BMX rider)

Sarah Walker (born 10 July 1988) is a New Zealand BMX racer. She won silver in the Women's BMX at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Walker was born in Whakatane in the Bay of Plenty, and grew up in nearby Kawerau. She attended Kawerau South School and Trident High School in Whakatane.
In the 2008 season UCI Rounds, Walker won seven races, came 2nd in one race and didn't race two races. She was ranked number one in the world by the UCI in 2008, and was one of the favourites to win the BMX women's event at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, in the end she finished 4th.
Walker has won a total of twelve New Zealand 20" titles from 1999 to 2011.
On 25 July 2009, Walker won the BMX World Championship in Adelaide, Australia in both the Elite Women and the Elite Cruiser Women events.
At the 2010 BMX World Championship in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa, Walker finished second in the Elite Women's event, with first place going to Shanaze Reade. A crash during the Elite Cruiser event meant that Walker was not able hold onto her 2009 championship title.
In 2011, Walker made the podium in three out of four World Cup Events to win the Overall World Cup Title, winning the Papendal Supercross in Holland, 2nd at the Test Event in London and 3rd in South Africa. The fourth event was in USA where she finished 6th.
At the 2012 Supercross in Norway, Walker dislocated her shoulder which almost put her out of contention for the Olympics in London. After 6 weeks, she had to qualify for the Olympics at the World Championships in Birmingham, England where she did so with a 5th in the semi final.
As well as competing in BMX events around the world, Walker has also been a sports ambassador for Beef + Lamb New Zealand since 2008. She is a sponsored rider for Avanti Bikes, using their line of ABD BMX bikes when racing.
Olympic career.
Sarah started her Olympic career in Beijing at the 2008 Summer Olympics, in the Women's BMX. In the medals race, she ran a time of 38.805, finishing 4th. In the same event at the 2012 Summer Olympics she got a silver medal, with a time of 38.644.

</doc>
<doc id="18950283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950283" title="Jeunesse Populaire Française">
Jeunesse Populaire Française

Jeunesse Populaire Française (JPF, English: "French Popular Youth") was a fascist youth movement created by Jacques Doriot and connected to his Parti Populaire Français. They wore a blue uniform. They are remembered for their fights with zazous and Jews and shaving heads of zazous.
It was established in October 1941 under the name l'Union de la Jeunesse Populaire Française (L'UJPF, "The Union Of The French Popular Youth") and renamed to JPF in May 1942 when it merged with other smaller youth organizations.
Doriot was its honorary president, the actual one being Roger Vauquelin des Yveteaux (real name: des Yvetots).

</doc>
<doc id="18950286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950286" title="Bolbena">
Bolbena

Bolbena is a genus of praying mantises native to Africa. It includes the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="18950290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950290" title="Tarik Bouguetaïb">
Tarik Bouguetaïb

Tarik Bouguetaïb (born 30 April 1981) is a Moroccan long jumper and triple jumper. He was born in Casablanca.
In the long jump he finished thirteenth at the 2006 African Championships. He also competed at the Olympic Games in 2004 and 2008 without reaching the final.
His personal best jump is 8.22 metres, achieved in March 2008 in Meknès.
In the triple jump won the 2006 African Championships, finished sixth at the 2006 World Cup and won the bronze medal at the 2008 African Championships. He also competed at the 2005 World Championships and the 2007 World Championships without reaching the final.
His personal best jump is 17.37 metres, achieved in July 2007 in Khémisset. This is the African record.

</doc>
<doc id="18950295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950295" title="List of zombie novels">
List of zombie novels

This is a list of zombie related novels that are themselves or by notable authors. 
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18950298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950298" title="1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Men's 100 metre backstroke">
1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Men's 100 metre backstroke

These are the official results of the Men's 100 metres Backstroke event at the 1993 FINA Short Course World Championships held in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18950302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950302" title="Charles Kesteven">
Charles Kesteven

Sir Charles Henry Kesteven (died 18 January 1923) was Solicitor to the Government of India from 1904 to 1919, and Solicitor to the Government of Bengal from 1919 to 1923. He was knighted in the 1920 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="18950303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950303" title="Redemptoris Nostri Cruciatus">
Redemptoris Nostri Cruciatus

Redemptoris Nostri Cruciatus is a peace encyclical of Pope Pius XII focusing on the war in Palestine. It was given at St. Peter's Good Friday, April 15, 1949.
On Good Friday, the pope recalls the passion of Jesus Christ, and the land in which he lived, shed His blood and died. Although the fighting has ended, these holy places are now faced with difficulties and uncertainty, so Pope Pius XII. The Pope mentioned the numerous refugees who live in exile and even in concentration camps. He asks for more systematic efforts to allow those people a life in peace. He repeats his call for internationalization of the holy Places:
This would provide immunity and protection guaranteed to all the Holy Places of Palestine not only in Jerusalem but also in the other cities and villages as well. Religious sanctuaries, many of which suffered war damages, should be protected by definite statute guaranteed by an "international" agreement. The Pope instructs the many Catholic institutions in Palestine to help the poor, to educate youth and give hospitality to visitors. They should carry out unimpeded the work they did in the past. The Holy Places, which Catholics during many centuries have acquired and time and again defended, should be preserved inviolate.

</doc>
<doc id="18950309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950309" title="Constantino Urbieta Sosa">
Constantino Urbieta Sosa

Constantino Urbieta Sosa (born 12 August 1907, death 12 December 1983, in Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a Paraguayan-Argentine footballer that played as a midfielder. Urbieta, born in Asunción, started his career in Club Nacional before playing for Argentine clubs C.A. Tigre, Godoy Cruz Antonio Tomba, San Lorenzo de Almagro and C.A. Estudiantes.
Urbieta Sosa was part of the Paraguay national football team in 1931 and also played for the Argentine national team that participated in the 1934 FIFA World Cup, being the second foreign-born player who plays for Argentina a FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18950310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950310" title="Brandywine Creek (British Columbia)">
Brandywine Creek (British Columbia)

Brandywine Creek, also formerly known as the Long John River after a local prospector and trapper, is a tributary of the Cheakamus River in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia, Canada, entering that stream via Daisy Lake, just below Brandywine Falls. The creek is about 14 km in length and originates on the south slope of Brandywine Mountain in Brandywine Meadows, at the southern end of the Powder Mountain Icefield and is the next basin immediately southwest of that of the Callaghan Valley, the site of the Nordic events facility for the 2010 Olympics. The creek's valley has been partially logged. An unnamed hot springs lies in its upper reaches, near Mount Fee.
Name.
The creek's name is derived from that of Brandywine Falls, which earned its name in the course of a wager over its height in which the wagers were a bottle of brandy and a bottle of wine.

</doc>
<doc id="18950329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950329" title="Alexander Melamid">
Alexander Melamid

Alexander Melamid () (born July 14, 1945) is a Russian-born painter and performance artist.
Melamid was born into a Jewish family in Moscow and attended the Stroganov Art Institute, where he collaborated with Vitaly Komar in the Russian SOTS ART movement (a parallel to the Western Pop Art movement). Known as a cynical Social Realist, Melamid began collaborating with Komar in the late 1960s; the two emigrated together to New York City from the Soviet Union in 1977. In 2003, the two artists decided to go their separate ways. Around this time, Melamid's first-born son, Dan, introduced him to the world of hip-hop, which included his clients and close friends Whoo Kid and 50 Cent. Melamid was intrigued by hip-hop society because of its rich history and world appeal, and began to paint the hip-hop portraits that have become his first solo exhibition since splitting with Komar, on display at the Museum of Contemporary Art Detroit.
Alexander is currently working in Chelsea, NYC at his Art Healing Ministry, and has produced a new series of work, called "Gold is back, thank god!" 

</doc>
<doc id="18950347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950347" title="Toyoko (disambiguation)">
Toyoko (disambiguation)

Toyoko may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18950349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950349" title="Edis">
Edis

Edis () is a settlement settlement in the Dzau district of South Ossetia.

</doc>
<doc id="18950350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950350" title="George L. Willard">
George L. Willard

George Lamb Willard (August 15, 1827 – July 2, 1863) was an officer in the Union Army who commanded a New York regiment and, briefly, a brigade in the American Civil War. He lost his life leading the brigade in the II Corps at the Battle of Gettysburg.
Early life and career.
George L. Willard was born in New York City on August 15, 1827. He served in the Mexican War. By the war’s end, Willard had reached the rank of sergeant in the 15th U.S. Infantry. For his part in the war, he was made a second lieutenant in the 8th U.S. Infantry. Willard remained in the regular service until the outbreak of the Civil War, rising to the rank of captain in the 8th Infantry. At the outbreak of the war, Willard was unwilling to give up his regular commission—by then a major in the 19th U. S. Infantry, and so he missed for a time any chance to command a regiment of volunteers.
Civil War.
Harpers Ferry.
Willard became colonel of the 125th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment. In this case Willard was allowed to retain his commission in the regular army. Willard suffered misfortune while commanding his regiment at Harpers Ferry, West Virginia, in 1862. His raw recruits did not distinguish themselves in the Battle of Harpers Ferry, in which they fell apart under fire during the fighting on Bolivar Heights. They were too frightened, especially by the enfilade fire coming in from Loudon Heights to rally. When the garrison was surrendered to Stonewall Jackson by Col. Dixon S. Miles, Willard and his men became prisoners of war.
When 125th was paroled in early 1863, Willard was in charge until it was exchanged for captured Confederate troops. During that period, these New Yorkers were encamped at Camp Douglass in Chicago, Illinois. Then they were assigned to the defenses of Washington, D. C. in the division of Brig. Gen. Silas Casey, part of a brigade of New York veterans of Harpers Ferry led by Brig. Gen. Alexander Hays. The brigade became the third in Casey's division of the XXII Corps in February 1863.
Willard also testified before the military commission that investigated the surrender of Harpers Ferry. He was critical of the conduct of Miles and was quoted by another officer as thinking the garrison’s commander unfit to be in charge.
Gettysburg.
The units of the “Harper’s Ferry Brigade” were joined the Army of the Potomac on June 28, 1863. They were assigned to II Corps, where they became the 3rd Brigade, 3rd Division under General Hays. Maj. Gen. William H. French having been assigned to detached duty in the Middle Department, Hays became division commander in his place. Willard duly succeeded by seniority to command of the brigade. The veterans of II Corps did not greet the “Harpers Ferry Cowards”” kindly until they had proven their courage in combat.
The 3rd Brigade marched northward in heat and dust of the summer of 1863, halting at Uniontown, Maryland, on June 30. The grueling march had caused many to fall out of the ranks, joining only when the division encamped. On July 1, when the division crossed into Pennsylvania, the third brigade was at the rear of the column, guarding the wagon train. Reaching Gettysburg, Pennsylvania late on July 1, Willard’s command camped along the Taneytown Road behind the Round Tops. Early on July 2, the brigade moved up to Cemetery Ridge, taking a position near the Bryan farm.
Late on July 2, when Maj. Gen. Winfield S. Hancock had been placed in charge of the Army’s endangered left flank, he sent back to his II Corps for reinforcements. A courier found Hays and Willard together. Hays ordered Willard to take his brigade to the left and “knock the Hell” out of the Confederates. Hancock appeared and led Willard’s brigade to the left himself. Forming a line of battle just north of Weikert’s Woods, the brigade had three regiments in line with a fourth in reserve. (That regiment participated in repulsing the Confederate brigade of Brig. Gen. Cadmus Wilcox.) 
Willard’s men stopped the victorious advance of Brig. Gen. William Barksdale, which had captured the Union position at the Peach Orchard and then pressed forward toward Cemetery Ridge. Willard ordered the two regiments on his right forward, pushing the Confederate back. Some of Willard’s men are reported to have yelled, as they charged, “Remember Harpers Ferry!” The New Yorkers recovered abandoned Union guns, but they came under heavy fire from Confederate artillery after crossing Plum Run. Willard had just ordered his men back to their start line when he was hit in the face by an artillery round. Colonel Willard died on the spot, leaving command of the brigade to Col. Eliakim Sherrill. Lt. Col. James M. Bull, 126th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment, who filed the brigade's report, gives a detailed account of this counterattack.
Memorials.
Fort Willard in the defenses of Washington, D. C. was named for the fallen colonel.
A small monument—dedicated in 1888—stands on the Gettysburg battlefield near where Willard fell. His body was recovered and transported back to his family. He was buried in Oakwood Cemetery in Troy, New York. Camp #154 of the Sons of Union Veterans of the Civil War in Albany, New York is named for Willard.

</doc>
<doc id="18950352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950352" title="John J. Burroughs">
John J. Burroughs

John Jay Burroughs (1798–1872) was an American lawyer and Clerk of the Circuit Court for Princess Anne County, Virginia (now the city of Virginia Beach).
Burroughs was born in either Essex County or Middlesex County, Virginia on October 10, 1798. He was the eldest child of lighthouse builder and keeper Elzy Burroughs.
Burroughs became the longest serving Clerk of the Circuit Court for Princess Anne County Virginia in its history. During the American Civil War, Burroughs was the only functioning remnant of civil government in the county while it was occupied by Union forces. Burroughs entered his court career at age 17 in 1815 as a writer for the Hustings Court in Norfolk. In 1817 he qualified as Deputy Clerk, and in 1819 qualified as the Deputy Clerk of the Circuit Court of Princess Anne County Virginia. In 1821 he assumed the Clerkship upon the death of the incumbent clerk, remaining in this position until he was removed by the order of Union General Early in May 1869. 
Two of Burroughs' sons were John J. ("Jack") Burroughs, Jr. and Judge William Henry Burroughs, both prominent local attorneys and businessmen in Princess Anne County history. Jack Burroughs was educated at the Galt Academy in Norfolk and later at Lynchburg College in Lynchburg Virginia. William H. Burroughs attended The Virginia Military Institute, graduating in 1851 and the Law School of the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, graduating in 1854.
Burroughs' descendants remained prominent in Princess Anne County government and politics until the early 1930s, when a "throw the bums out attitude", rising out of the din of the economic Depression, led to a wholesale change of county leadership.
Burroughs was considered a progressive for his day, and was active in the efforts of the American Colonization Society to assist former slaves from Virginia to voluntarily resettle in the new nation of Liberia, in West Africa. There was little interest from the County's former slaves in this initiative, however.
In recognition of his important role in Princess Anne County history, Mr. Burroughs' portrait hangs on the wall within the modern Virginia Beach Municipal Center.
References.
Virginia's Ninth President Joseph Jenkins Roberts, Edited by C.W. Tazewell, W.S. DAWSON CO., Virginia Beach, Virginia 23466, 1992. ISBN 1-878515-23-3
Princess Anne County Virginia: Its Contributions and Sacrifices to the War Between the States, by Kenneth Harris, Maximilian Press, Chesapeake, Virginia, 2010. ISBN 978-0-9827717-0-9
S. Bassett French Biographical Sketches, 4 reels, Library of Virginia Online Collection. 
Samuel Bassett French (1820–1898), attorney, judge, Confederate officer, editor, and public servant, was a Norfolk native who resided in Richmond and Chesterfield County. Between 1890 and 1897, in preparation for a planned biographical dictionary to be called Annals of Prominent Virginians of the XIX century.

</doc>
<doc id="18950355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950355" title="Between Love and Hate (1993 film)">
Between Love and Hate (1993 film)

Between Love and Hate is a 1993 American television movie directed by Ron Hardy.
Plot.
The film is based on actual events regarding a young swimming coach having an affair with an older woman until her husband is forced to end it. This resulted in a chain of reactions from photocopying of love letters leading up to her murder.

</doc>
<doc id="18950360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950360" title="Unite For Sight">
Unite For Sight

Unite for Sight is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization founded by Jennifer Staple-Clark specializing in healthcare delivery to communities around the world to eliminate patient barriers to care. Partnering with local clinics in Ghana, India, and Honduras, Unite for Sight invests human and financial resources in the social ventures of the local healthcare professionals. On a daily, year-round basis, eye care is brought to remote villages by the local eye doctors. As of July 2011, Unite for Sight has assisted more than 1.2 million people, including over 43,000 vision-restoring surgeries.
Volunteer Abroad.
The Global Impact Corps is a volunteer abroad program that places students and professionals with Unite For Sight’s local eye clinic partners. After completing global health training, Global Impact Fellow volunteers travel to one of the three country locations to support and assist the local eye doctors as they deliver eye care to patients living in extreme poverty. 
Global Impact Fellows can also work with Unite For Sight to design and implement a global health research study in the Global Impact Lab. Primarily students, these research volunteers work with Unite For Sight, the partner eye clinic, and a university mentor, and they also are required to receive Institutional Review Board (IRB) approval. Global Impact Fellows complete and receive a Certificate in Global Health Research, preparing them for critical issues with research in the developing world. Many fellows go on to publish and present their findings at research conferences and in academic journals.
In India, volunteers have the option of participating in either Dhenkanal, Orissa, or in Patna, Bihar. In Dhenkanal, Global Impact Fellows work with Kalinga Eye Hospital and Research Centre (KEHRC), which was founded by social entrepreneur Sarang Samal. Kalinga Eye Hospital provides healthcare to the seven districts of central Orissa, which has a population of 7 million people. In Dhenkanal, Global Impact Fellows partake in NGO management programs while directly learning about sustainable health care. In Patna, fellows work alongside Dr. Satyajit Sinha (a cataract and glaucoma specialist), ophthalmologist Dr. Ajit Sinha, and Dr. Pooja Sinha (retina specialist) in the A.B. Eye Institute to provide free eye care to poor patients, free surgery at the charity clinic, and help at the Bihar Netraheen Parishad school for blind girls.
The Ghana program with Unite for Sight includes three eye clinics in Accra, one in Kumasi, and one in Tamale. Global Impact Fellows work with ophthalmic nurses and optometrists of the eye clinics to provide eye care in rural villages that are located 1–8 hours from each eye clinic. The patients receive eye care from the local eye doctors. 
In Honduras, Global Impact Fellows work with Centro de Salud Integral Zoe, which is based in Tegucigalpa. Eye care outreaches are provided in remote villages, and Global Impact Fellow volunteers work alongside the local eye doctors to provide eye care to approximately 100 patients each day.
In August 2012, Unite For Sight finalized a partnership with Global eyeglasses, an online eyeglasses retailer. As part of this partnership Global Eyeglasses would provide Unite for Sight with 50 new prescription eyeglasses every month. Monthly donations of prescription eyeglasses will benefit those who live in poverty and have access to care through Unite For Sight’s programs.
Global Health University.
Global Health University is an online library of certificate programs, as well as in-person workshops, social enterprise counseling, fellowship and internship opportunities, and online courses of topics ranging from Global Health Practice to Responsible NGO Management. GHU also includes the Global Health Leadership Society, which brings together professionals and students involved in public health, providing a platform for individuals committed to excellence in global health to network.
Global Health and Innovation Conference.
The Global Health & Innovation Conference is Unite for Sight's annual conference bringing together more than 2,200 participants from over 55 countries. The conference is the world’s largest global health conference and largest social entrepreneurship conference.
National Chapters.
Chapters across North America are led by college, graduate, and high school students serving as advocates for reducing barriers to healthcare. Volunteers can opt for a Community-Based Chapter Track or a Global Health Chapter Track. 
Community-Based volunteers partner with local teachers to help the teachers identify visual issues among their students. Chapters work to inform teachers about resources that provide free eye care for children. Volunteers also train staff at local community centers to arrange for free eye care from professional organizations like the American Academy of Ophthalmology (EyeCare America) and American Optometric Association (VisionUSA). Community-Based Track Chapters also fundraise, and 100% provides eye care for patients living in extreme poverty.
Global Health Chapter Volunteers focus on fundraising to provide sight-restoring surgeries by Unite For Sight’s partner eye clinics. Chapters also hold informative global health events and activities.
Founder.
Social entrepreneur Jennifer Staple-Clark founded Unite for Sight in 2000 as a sophomore at Yale University. The organization has received weekly coverage on "CNN" in 2007 and 2008, and has been featured in "The New York Times", "Yale Daily News", among other outlets. Staple-Clark has garnered multiple accolades including the coveted BRICK Award and the American Institute of Public Service's 2009 Jefferson Awards for Public Service, the Nobel Prize equivalent in public service. In addition, she frequently gives presentations and keynote addresses. Her most recent audiences include Harvard School of Public Health, Yale Law School, Yale College, Yale School of Public Health, Stanford, Duke, MIT, New York University School of Medicine, Miller School of Medicine of UMiami, Northwestern University School of Medicine's American Medical Student Association Conference, and American Academy of Ophthalmology's Women in Ophthalmology Leadership Institute. She has also been featured in the book Our Time is Now: Young People Changing the World, as well as in many other publications. She is the author of journal articles and book chapters about social entrepreneurship, practices in global health, and community eye health.

</doc>
<doc id="18950371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950371" title="Dietrich von Bausznern">
Dietrich von Bausznern

Dietrich von Bausznern (March 19, 1928 – January 20, 1980) was a German composer, cantor, organist and music teacher.
Bausznern was born in Rastenburg, East Prussia, now Kętrzyn in present-day Poland. He wrote more than 300 compositions in a wide variety of genres, yet concentrated on church music: religious concerts, cantatas, motets, choral music, and chamber music as well a youth opera and a funk opera.
In 1981, the "Baußnern-Vereins zur Förderung des musikalischen Schaffens Waldemar von Baußnerns," an organization dedicated to promoting awareness of the music of Waldemar von Baußnern, Bausznern's grandfather was founded. The society, which is located in Darmstadt, is now known as the Baußnern Gesellschaft.
Later life.
For his services as a rejuvenator of Lutheran music as organizer and composer, Bausznern received numerous awards.
He died in Kirchzarten, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18950379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950379" title="Brandywine Mountain">
Brandywine Mountain

Brandywine Mountain, , is a summit in the Powder Mountain Icefield of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains of southwestern British Columbia, Canada, about west of the resort town of Whistler.
Its name is derived from that of Brandywine Falls, which was the result of a bet over the falls' height (with the wagers being a bottle of wine and a bottle of brandy).

</doc>
<doc id="18950385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950385" title="Southern Evacuation Lifeline">
Southern Evacuation Lifeline

The Southern Evacuation Lifeline (SELL) is a proposed limited-access highway in Horry County, South Carolina, in the United States. The project is currently underfunded, expecting to cost around $600 million, and issues with the route itself still remain, as it would travel directly next to several wildlife preserves.
The road was proposed to bypass the congested South Carolina Highway 707 and U.S. Route 501 in the event of a hurricane. It would allow a more direct route west from the southern Strand, while simultaneously completing a beltway around the Myrtle Beach area, connecting with South Carolina Highway 22.
History.
In 2003, a feasibility study showed several possible routes for a road to relieve congestion on major highways in Horry and Georgetown Counties, which would connect U.S. 501 and U.S. 17 by crossing the Waccamaw River.
On February 1, 2005, Horry County added the 701 Connector to RIDE 2, its long-term construction plan, with the intention of providing a hurricane evacuation route. Edsel "Coupe" DeVille, chairman of the Committee Advocating Road Safety that studied possible routes, said the new road would allow Surfside Beach and Murrells Inlet to leave in half the time. The road would run from Carolina Bays Parkway to U.S. 378, with three of the four possible routes going through the Waccamaw National Wildlife Refuge. The United States Fish and Wildlife Service did not oppose the project, but The Coastal Conservation League had opposed the road for a decade because of fears the road would damage the environment and hurt wildlife habitat for such animals as bears, birds and salamanders.
On July 29, 2005, Congress passed a $286.4 billion , with $4 million for the 701 Connector. On January 19, 2006, the SCDOT allocated $1 million of state money to add to the $4 million in federal funds, and the SELL Task Force began as a result.
The road's name changed from the 701 Connector to the Southern Evacuation Lifeline, and a SELL logo was created. Hurricane Katrina gave the new task force a new incentive to act. The study area ran from the Little Pee Dee River to U.S. 501 and from U.S. 17 to beyond U.S. 378. As part of the environmental impact study, four public meetings were held starting in May 2006. Southern Environmental Law Center attorney David Farren opposed building the road across what he called "the area designated for conservation."
On February 5, 2007, S.C. DOT released possible routes. It was feared that some routes would cross the wildlife refuge and result in opposition and possible lawsuits from conservation groups.
S.C. DOT project manager Mike Barbee announced in October 2007 that the preliminary environmental impact study was to be released in February 2008. Eight routes were being considered, and after public hearings, construction was expected to begin in 2009.
On March 8, 2010, SELL committee members said making the highway a toll road would mean completion in five years. SELL would be the third toll road in the state, after the Southern Connector and Cross Island Parkway in Hilton Head Island. The road would allow residents of western Horry County as well as Georgetown County to leave more quickly in the event of an evacuation, but it would also provide faster access to hospitals. Civil Engineering Consulting Services Inc. would conduct environmental impact studies, find funding and determine where an unmanned toll booth or booths will go. Barbee pointed out that so few people use The Southern Connector that the consortium that paid for the road was in default on bond payments, but the road would likely be more successful in a tourist area. Later in March, the county approved the plan to select a company to build the road.
Nancy Cave of the Coastal Conservation League said a change in the route for Carolina Bays Parkway meant a greater desire for a bridge over the Waccamaw River, which the Coast Guard would have to approve. Cave said the changes would require a supplemental environmental impact statement.
On November 16, 2010, the Horry County Council agreed to ask the State Infrastructure Bank for $4 million that would have otherwise been used for Carolina Bays Parkway. The county's decision assumed cost savings on the parkway project.
At an August 1, 2012, meeting, the Myrtle Beach Area Chamber of Commerce showed study results that said 90,000 people could leave the area 10 hours faster in an evacuation with SELL and Interstate 73 both in place. Cave said those promoting these highways were trying to attract tourists and that upgrades of U.S. 501, S.C. 38, U.S. 521, and S.C. 9 would accomplish more for speeding evacuations.
Specifics of the toll plan.
The toll booth would use a camera to photograph license plates in order to collect the tolls, estimated at $3.50 per vehicle. A vehicle could also have a device that would allow pre-payment, with deductions each time the booth is passed by that vehicle. No tolls would be collected during emergencies such as hurricanes, or from emergency vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="18950386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950386" title="Thomas Wayne (singer)">
Thomas Wayne (singer)

Thomas Wayne (July 22, 1940, Batesville, Mississippi - August 15, 1971, Memphis, Tennessee) was an American singer. He is best remembered as a one-hit wonder for "Tragedy".
Wayne, who was born Thomas Wayne Perkins, was the brother of Johnny Cash's guitarist, Luther Perkins. He released several singles between 1958 and 1964, primarily on the labels Fernwood and Mercury. He scored a major U.S. hit with the song "Tragedy" (credited to Thomas Wayne with the DeLons), which peaked at #20 on the Black Singles chart and #5 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1959. It sold over one million copies, earning gold disc status.
The song proved to be his only hit, however. Later, Wayne worked as a sound engineer, before he died in a car accident in Memphis in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="18950404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950404" title="1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Men's 200 metre backstroke">
1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Men's 200 metre backstroke

These are the official results of the Men's 200 metres Backstroke event at the 1993 FINA Short Course World Championships held in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18950419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950419" title="Atlanta metropolitan area">
Atlanta metropolitan area

The Atlanta metropolitan area, or Metro Atlanta, designated by the United States Office of Management and Budget as the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area, is the most populous metro area in the U.S. state of Georgia and the ninth-largest metropolitan statistical area (MSA) in the United States. It is the core of the broader Atlanta--Athens-Clarke--Sandy Springs Combined Statistical Area. Its economic, cultural, and demographic center is Atlanta, Georgia's capital and largest city. The Atlanta Combined Statistical area spans up to 39 counties in north Georgia and had an estimated population of nearly 6.1 million people. Atlanta is considered an "alpha(-) world city". It is the second largest metropolitan region in the Southeast behind South Florida.
Definitions.
By U.S. Census Bureau standards, the population of the Atlanta region spreads across a metropolitan area of – a land area comparable to that of Massachusetts. Because Georgia contains more counties than any other state except Texas (explained in part by the now-defunct county-unit system of weighing votes in primary elections), area residents live under a heavily decentralized collection of governments. As of the 2000 census, fewer than one in ten residents of the metropolitan area lived inside Atlanta city limits.
A 2006 survey by the Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce counted 140 cities and towns in the 28‑county Metropolitan Statistical Area in mid-2005. Six cities – Johns Creek (2006), Milton (2006), Chattahoochee Hills (2007), Dunwoody (2008), Peachtree Corners (2011), and Brookhaven (2012) – have incorporated since then, following the lead of Sandy Springs in 2005.
The Atlanta metropolitan area was first defined in 1950 as Fulton, DeKalb, Gwinnett, Cobb and Clayton counties. Butts, Cherokee, Douglas, Fayette, Forsyth, Henry, Newton, Rockdale and Walton counties were added after the 1970 census, with Barrow and Coweta counties joining in 1980 and Barrow, Bartow, Coweta, Paulding, Pickens and Spalding counties in 1990.
Atlanta's larger combined statistical area (CSA) adds the Gainesville, Georgia MSA, Athens-Clarke County, Georgia MSA and the LaGrange, Georgia, Thomaston, Georgia, Jefferson, Georgia, Calhoun, Georgia and Cedartown, Georgia micropolitan areas, for a total 2012 population of 6,092,295. The CSA also abuts the Macon and Columbus MSAs. The region is the central metropolis of the Southeastern United States, and is the largest metropolitan area in the emerging megalopolis known as the Piedmont Atlantic MegaRegion along the I-85 Corridor.
Government and politics.
Georgia has the smallest average county size of any state which operates county governments. This focuses government more locally but allows greater conflict between multiple jurisdictions, each with its own agenda.
The first significant intergovernmental agency in metro Atlanta was the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority, which runs the MARTA public transportation system. Alongside other factors such as race and class, as well as a lack of planning and perceived lack of need, problems associated with the inner city of Atlanta (crime, poverty, and poor public school performance) influenced Cobb, Gwinnett, and Clayton county voters to refuse MARTA into their respective counties during the 1970s, which has permanently altered land development in the region toward making automobiles even more of a necessity.
The Atlanta Regional Commission is so far the closest that the area has come to a metropolitan government. It only approves projects deemed to have an impact beyond the immediate area in which they are to be constructed. The Georgia Regional Transportation Authority is somewhat of a cross between ARC and MARTA, working to improve mobility, air quality and land use practices in the region. GRTA also operates Xpress buses from 11 counties, and could operate commuter rail service in the future. Currently, plans for commuter rail and eventual intercity rail (including the long-proposed but still unfunded Atlanta Multimodal Passenger Terminal) are the responsibility of the Georgia Rail Passenger Authority, which receives almost no funding.
There have been proposals since 2007 to allow new multi-county sales taxes, in addition to existing county sales taxes for roads, which would pay for regional transportation initiatives. [http://www.ajc.com/metro/content/metro/legis07/stories/2007/01/05/transportation.html]
Economy.
Utilities.
The area is the world's largest toll-free calling zone spanning , has four active telephone area codes, and local calling extending into portions of two others. 404, which originally covered all of northern Georgia until 1992, now covers mostly the area inside the Perimeter (Interstate 285). In 1995 the suburbs were put into 770, requiring mandatory ten‑digit dialing even for local calls under FCC rules. This made Atlanta one of the US's first cities to employ ten-digit dialing, which was begun by BellSouth the year before the Centennial 1996 Olympic Games. In 1998, 678 was overlaid onto both of the existing 404 and 770 area codes. Mobile phones, originally only assigned to 404, may now have any local area code regardless of where in the region they were issued. Area code 470, the newest area code, was overlaid with 404 and 770 in the same fashion as 678. The local calling area also includes portions of 706/762 and a small area of 256 in Alabama on the Georgia border.
The city of Atlanta is the most wired city in the United States. Many residents access the internet on a high-speed broadband and/or WiFi connection. It is home to one of the world's largest fiber-optic bundles.
Major petroleum and natural gas pipelines cross the area, running from the Gulf coast, Texas, and Louisiana to the population centers of the northeastern U.S. This includes Colonial Pipeline and Plantation Pipe Line, both based in Alpharetta.
Metro Atlanta primarily uses natural gas for central heating and water heaters, with the major exception of heat pumps in apartments built during and since the 1980s. This is because winters are mild, and large apartment buildings usually require little energy to heat. Backup heat (also used during defrosting) is usually supplied by electric resistance heating, though some homes have hybrid heating units which use gas backup when it is cold. Exurban homes may also use all-electric instead of gas, if gas mains have not been extended to an area.
Cooktops and ovens are a mix of gas and electric, while gas clothes dryers are rather rare. Nearly all homes have a fireplace with a manual-valve gas starter, and some are now equipped with permanent gas logs with electric switch start. Some homes also have natural gas barbecue grills, formerly sold at utility company stores.
Georgia Power is the main electric power company across the state and the metro area, beginning in 1902 as Georgia Railway and Power Company, Atlanta's streetcar (trolley) company. Several electric membership corporations also serve the suburbs. These include the second-largest EMC in the nation in Jackson EMC, Cobb EMC, and Sawnee EMC. The city of Marietta operates its own electric utility, Marietta Power, under the Board of Lights & Water (BLW). It is also a member of the Municipal Electric Association of Georgia (MEAG).
Atlanta Gas Light is the natural gas utility for the region, and has been so for over a century and a half, since it installed gas lamps in Atlanta in 1856. It operated as a regulated monopoly until November 1998, the after the state legislature voted in early 1997 to deregulate natural gas marketing, and make customers choose among nearly 20 different marketers still selling the same AGL-wholesaled gas. Most of the gas comes via pipeline from Louisiana.
Water is provided by various county and a few city systems. Several of these systems actually serve parts of neighboring counties and cities as well. The Cobb-Marietta Water Authority serves not only Cobb, but also parts of neighboring Paulding and Cherokee counties, for example. During drought or other emergency, cities and counties can enact outdoor water-use restrictions, however some cross-jurisdiction water systems have also acted to put bans in place. In late September 2007, the state Environmental Protection Division of the Georgia Department of Natural Resources, stepped-in with its first-ever ban, covering most of the northern half of the state. While surface water is by far the primary source of water for the region, the drought had many systems (and a few wealthy homeowners) drilling new wells for ground water, though the local water table is around deep, on average.
Sewerage is also handled by the water utilities, however the various water and sewer networks may not conform to the same boundaries, resulting in interbasin water transfers. This is for practical reasons, because the area is hilly and divided by several watersheds, because the area has developed irregularly and erratically, and because water treatment plants are usually not near sewage treatment plants. Septic tanks are still used in the older homes of some exurbs.
Housing.
The low-density residential subdivision development that dominates the metro Atlanta suburbs.
Changes in house prices for the metro area are publicly tracked on a regular basis using the Case–Shiller index; the statistic is published by Standard & Poor's and is also a component of S&P's 20‑city composite index of the value of the U.S. residential real estate market.
Retail.
Atlanta is a city known across the South for its abundant shopping. The Atlanta area is home to one of the South's largest shopping malls, the Mall of Georgia in Gwinnett County. In the city of Atlanta itself, the iconic shopping destinations are the twin malls in Buckhead: Lenox Square and Phipps Plaza.
Major retailers in the metro area include:
Shopping centers.
The largest shopping centers in metro Atlanta include:
Lenox Square hosts the largest fireworks display in the Southeast every Independence Day, and the Rich's (now Macy's) Great (Christmas) Tree, both major traditions in Atlanta, and seen on TV regionally
Demographics.
The 2010 census counted 5,268,860 people in the 28-county metro area. This was an increase of 1,020,879 versus the same 28-county area in 2000, second only to Houston. The percent increase was 24.0%, second-highest (after Houston) among the nation's ten largest metro areas.
Race and ethnicity.
White Americans made up 55.4% of metro Atlanta's population, a relative decrease from 63.0% ten years earlier, but still an absolute increase of over 330,000 people. Non-Hispanic whites dropped from 59.5% to 50.7% of the metro's population, increasing by about 224,000 people.
Black Americans are the largest racial minority with 32.4% of the population, up from 28.9% in 2000. The city of Atlanta has long been regarded as a "black mecca" for its role as a center of black education, political power, wealth, and culture. From 2000 to 2010, the geographic disbursement of blacks in Metro Atlanta changed radically. Long concentrated in the city of Atlanta and DeKalb County, the black population there dropped while over half a million African-Americans settled across other parts of the metro area, including approximately 112,000 in Gwinnett County, 71,000 in Fulton outside Atlanta, 58,000 in Cobb, 50,000 in Clayton, 34,000 in Douglas, and 27,000 each in Newton and Rockdale Counties.
Hispanic Americans are the fastest growing ethnic group. At 10.4% of the metro's population in 2010, versus only 6.5% in 2000, the metro's Hispanic population increased an astounding 109.6%, or 298,459 people, in ten years. Major Hispanic groups include 354,351 Mexicans, 93,337 Puerto Ricans and 77,648 Cubans. All of those groups' populations increased by over 90% in the ten-year period. Of the metro's 299,000-person increase in the Hispanic population from 2000 to 2010, 98,000 came in Gwinnett County, 57,000 in Cobb, 55,000 in Fulton (all but 3,000 outside the city of Atlanta), 20,000 in Hall, and 15,000 in DeKalb County.
The Asian American population also increased rapidly from 2000 to 2010. There were 296,956 Asian-Americans in the metro area in 2010, making up 5.9% of the population. This represented an 87% increase over 2000. The largest Asian groups are 108,980 Indians, 93,870 Korean Americans, 67,660 Chinese, and 66,554 Vietnamese.
Metro Atlanta is increasingly international, with its 916,434 foreign-born residents in 2010, a 69% increase versus 2000. This was the fourth largest rate of growth among the nation's top 100 metros, after Baltimore, Orlando and Las Vegas. The foreign-born proportion of the population went up from 10.3% to 13.6%, and Atlanta moved up from 14th to 12th in ranking of U.S. metro areas with the largest immigrant population by sheer numbers. Still, its 13.6% proportion of immigrants is only the 29th highest of the nation's top 100 metros.
Metro Atlanta's immigrants are more suburban than those of most cities. Out of the top 100 U.S. metros, Atlanta has the 11th highest ratio of the foreign-born living in the suburbs and not in the core city. Atlanta has a few ethnic enclaves such as a Koreatown, and areas such as the Buford Highway Corridor in DeKalb County and parts of Gwinnett County are commercial centers for multiple ethnic communities.
In 1990 Greater Atlanta had the largest Japanese population in the Southeast United States. The Consulate General of Japan in Atlanta estimated that, during that year, 7,500 to 10,000 Japanese lived in Greater Atlanta. Of the metropolitan areas in the Southeast United States, as of 1990 Greater Atlanta had the most extensive education network for Japanese nationals.
Language.
In 2008, approximately 83.3% of the population five years and older spoke only English at home, which is roughly 4,125,000 people. Over 436,000 people (8.8%) spoke Spanish at home, making Metro Atlanta the 15th highest number of Spanish speakers among American metropolitan areas (MSAs). Over 193,000 people (3.9%) spoke other Indo-European languages at home. People who speak an Asian language at home numbered over 137,000 and made up 2.8% of the population.
Geography.
Topography and geology.
The area sprawls across the low foothills of the Appalachian Mountains to the north and the Piedmont to the south. The northern and some western suburbs tend to be higher and significantly more hilly than the southern and eastern suburbs. The average elevation is around .
The highest point in the immediate area is Kennesaw Mountain at , followed by Stone Mountain at , Sweat Mountain at , and Little Kennesaw Mountain at . Others include Blackjack Mountain, Lost Mountain, Brushy Mountain, Pine Mountain, and Mount Wilkinson (Vinings Mountain). Many of these play prominently in the various battles of the Atlanta Campaign during the American Civil War. If the further-north counties are included, Bear Mountain is highest, followed by Pine Log Mountain, Sawnee Mountain, and Hanging Mountain, followed by the others listed above. Stone, Sweat, Bear, and Sawnee are all home to some of the area's broadcast stations.
The area's subsoil is a dense clay soil, colored rusty by the iron oxide present in it. It becomes very muddy and sticky when wet, and hard when dry, and stains light-colored carpets and clothing easily. It also tends to have a low pH, further aggravating gardeners. The fineness of it also means it is easily deposited into streams during heavy rains, creating silt problems where it is exposed due to construction. This transported red soil can be seen downstream on the riverbanks of south Georgia (where the native clay is white), and down to the Florida panhandle (where the native sand is also white). Topsoil is present only in natural forest areas, created by the decomposition of leaf litter.
Earthquakes and fault lines.
An extinct fault line called the Brevard Fault runs roughly parallel to the Chattahoochee River, but as its last movements were apparently prehistoric, it is considered extinct and not a threat to the region. Still, minor earthquakes do rattle the area (and all of Georgia) occasionally. One notable one was in April 2003 (magnitude 4.6) coming from the northwest, its epicenter just across the state line in northeastern Alabama. While many people slept through the 5A.M. quake, it caused a minor panic in others completely unaware of what was happening. Similar earthquakes occur in this region called the Eastern Tennessee Seismic Zone, often felt much more widely across the stronger crust of eastern North America as compared to the west. Thus, the 1886 Charleston, South Carolina earthquake was also felt in Atlanta and throughout the Southeast. It caused damage as far as central Alabama and West Virginia. Two small earthquakes were also felt on the southeast side near Eatonton in early April 2009. The New Madrid Seismic Zone (near the Missouri-Tennessee borders) and the seismic zone producing the 1886 magnitude 7.3 earthquake are still capable of producing moderate or major earthquakes, in which the entire Atlanta area will feel moderately or even strongly.
Climate.
The Atlanta metro area has a humid subtropical climate with four seasons, although summer is the longest. January daily lows average from north to south, and highs range from , but often reach well above or below this average. There is an average annual snowfall of about , falling mostly from December through March, though there was snow north of the city on April 3, 1987. Snow flurries are actually common during the winter months when there is an especially deep trough in the jet stream. These events usually do not amount to more than a slight dusting and therefore go unrecognized in most weather summaries. Summers, by contrast, are long and consistently hot and humid, with July mornings averaging and afternoons averaging , slight breezes, and typically a 20–40% chance of afternoon thunderstorms. During the summer afternoon thunderstorms, temperatures may suddenly drop to 70-77 degrees with locally heavy rainfall. Average annual rainfall is about , with late winter and early spring (as well as July) being the wettest and fall (especially October) being the driest.
From 1878 to 2011, the highest recorded temperatures at Atlanta were on three days in the extraordinarily hot July 1980, followed by that month and in August 2007, the hottest month ever for the area. This was broken on the last day of June 2012, when the temperature reached , during a massive heat wave that hit most of the country, with another 105 the next day tying the July record. The lowest recorded temperatures were and on January 20 and 21 of 1985, and on February 13, 1899, during severe cold snaps that went so far south they devastated the entire citrus industry in central Florida.
Hurricane Opal brought sustained tropical storm conditions to the area one night in early October 1995, uprooting hundreds of trees and causing widespread power outages, after soaking the area with rain for two days prior. Since 1950 some metro counties have been hit more than 20 times by tornadoes, with Cobb (26) and Fulton (22) being two of the highest in the state. The Dunwoody tornado in early April 1998 was the worst tornado to have struck the area. A tornado struck downtown Atlanta in March 2008, causing a half-billion dollars in damage, one of the most expensive storms ever recorded anywhere.
The area experiences a winter storm with significant snowfall about once each year, however this can be extremely irregular. A blizzard (see: 1993 Storm of the Century) caught much of the Southeast off-guard in 1993, dumping at the Atlanta airport on March 13, and much more than that in the suburbs to the north and west, as well as in the mountains. The only other recorded winter storm of comparable severity was the Great Blizzard of 1899. The heaviest snow, however, was in January 1940, when buried the city during its coldest month on record. The second-heaviest was in 1983, when a very late storm dumped on March 24. Ice storms have also occurred in the area. The well-remembered 1973 ice storm was brutal as was the storm in 1982.
The Southeastern U.S. drought of 2006–2008 began with dry weather in 2006, and left area lakes very low. The drought finally began to abate significantly after the 2009 Atlanta floods, when some areas got up to of rain in a week, with half of that falling in just 24 hours near the end of the period. The USGS calculated it to be a greater-than-500-year flood.
Environment.
The area's prolific rains are drained by many different streams and creeks. The main basin is that of the Chattahoochee River, running northeast to southwest. The further northwestern suburbs drain into the Etowah River via the Little River and Lake Allatoona. The southern suburbs are drained by the Flint River, and the east-southeastern ones by the Oconee River and Yellow River.
By 2005 the metro area was using of water per day (about per person per day) from these rivers. This usage was reduced by more than 10% during the drought, but soared back up after watering restrictions were eased (and before the flooding ensued). The need for water is seen as a barrier to further growth in the area, but permanent measures for non-emergency water conservation have never been put in place. The state legislature has refused to pass a requirement for low-flow toilets to be installed in homes that are sold, bowing to pressure from the real estate sales industry.
Disputes over water are becoming increasingly common, with both Alabama and Florida filing lawsuits and threatening injunctions to prevent Georgia from taking too much water, mostly for metro Atlanta. South Carolina also threatened when a pipeline east to the Savannah River was mentioned even informally. The state has now been ordered by a judge to reduce withdrawals from the Chattahoochee south of Lanier to 1970s levels within three years (2012), something that would create an immediate emergency water shortage if it were actually enforced. This was done because it was ruled the U.S. Congress never authorized the use of the lake as a water supply.
Flora.
The native forest canopy is mainly oak, redbud, hickory, poplar, tuliptree, pine, and sweetgum, with chestnut having been common decades before in what is now considered oak-hickory forest. Traveling from the south, the metro area is generally the first area in which autumn leaf color can be seen, due to the different trees growing at the higher elevation and latitude. Underneath, the flowering dogwood is very common, the black cherry are quite prolific, with mulberry popping up sometimes as well. Sourwood is also in its native range, and is easily identified by the fact that it turns fiery red in early October, much brighter and weeks earlier than most other trees (which usually peak in early November).
Shrubby plants include blackberry, horsechestnut, sumac, and sometimes hawthorn. Virginia creeper, poison ivy, and briar are common vines. The Confederate Yellow Daisy is a wildflower native only to the area around Stone Mountain.
Common garden plants include dogwood, azalea, hydrangea, flowering cherry, maples, pin oak, red-tip photinia, holly, juniper, white pine, magnolia, Bradford pear, forsythia, liriope (mondograss), and English ivy. Lawns can be either cool-season grasses like fescue and rye, or warm-season like zoysia and bermudagrass which turn brown in late fall. A few homeowners associations actually prohibit green grass in the winter.
Native to the nearby mountains, maples are now one of the most common landscape trees for new homes and parking lots, giving their color in the fall instead of spring. When planted close to buildings (which provide shelter and radiate heat), they can retain some of their color into December, especially if November has been warm.
Common lawn weeds are wild strawberry, violet, wild onion, and of course the ubiquitous dandelion, crabgrass, and plantain.
By far the most notorious introduced species is kudzu, a highly invasive species from Japan which climbs and smothers trees and shrubs. New effective herbicides as well as increased development of formerly rural areas has greatly reduced kudzu in the metro area (although still quite common elsewhere in Georgia). Wisteria planted decades ago by farmers in then-rural areas has become wild and is common in undeveloped forests. Some vines exceed 50 years of age and cover dozens of acres of forest, creating a dense, purple explosion each spring. Japanese honeysuckle is extremely common; its fragrance an early summer delight. A common garden plant, the Chinese privet, has escaped to become the state's most invasive non-native plant species.
Fauna.
Among mammals, the eastern gray squirrel is by far the most ubiquitous, stealing birdseed from the bird feeders which many locals maintain. Chipmunks and small brown rabbits are common, but it is relatively rare to hear of them doing any damage. Opossum, raccoons, foxes, and now even small coyotes and armadillos are frequently seen. Garden and meadow snakes are common; three poisonous snakes (Eastern Diamondback, Water Moccasin, Copperhead ) are indigenous, but reports of bites are rare. Many types of frogs, including tree frogs and bullfrogs,are easily heard in early summer, as are cicadas in July and August. Black bears occasionally wander down from the mountains, and white-tailed deer are abundant; overpopulated in some areas. Homeowners in the outer suburbs are prone to landscaping damage due to scavenging deer.
The most common birds are the Brown Thrasher (the GA state bird), American crow, European (or common) starling, American robin, mourning dove, house sparrow, northern cardinal, purple finch, Carolina chickadee, tufted titmouse, bluejay, white-breasted nuthatch, eastern bluebird, mockingbird, brown-headed nuthatch, and the Carolina wren. Birds of prey thrive in the area, with three varieties of hawks common near open fields in even the most populated areas. Falcons roost on skyscrapers in downtown Atlanta and can be regularly seen feasting on pigeons. The American kestrel is sometimes seen. Late in the year, three species of owls can be heard nightly in wooded areas. Various woodpeckers can be seen in forested lots, including the red-bellied woodpecker, northern flicker (also known as the "red-shafted flicker"), and the downy woodpecker. The red-headed woodpecker is common in open fields and on golf courses. The American goldfinch is present mostly in winter, and the ruby-throated hummingbird only in summer.
Transportation.
Transit systems.
Atlanta has always been a railroad town, and the city once had an extensive streetcar system around the city, and which also provided interurban service as far out as Marietta, to the northwest. The streetcars were replaced by an extensive trolleybus system, supplemented by buses, in the 1940s and 1950–52, and then converted to all buses in the 1950s and 1960-62. However, building out a modern rapid transit system proved a difficult and drawn-out process and, compared to the original plans for a regional system, has only partially been accomplished.
MARTA operates rapid transit in Fulton and Dekalb counties, while Cobb, Gwinnett, and Clayton counties operate their own buses with no current rail transit. This is a result of those counties' refusal to join the MARTA system, a situation which was originally closely related to white flight from the city. It is the only U.S. system in which the state does not provide any funds for operation or expansion, instead relying entirely on a 1% sales tax in its two counties.
Plans are underway for commuter rail and bus rapid transit (BRT), though these are some years away. The $20 billion Northwest Corridor HOV/BRT project appears to conflict with other plans, such as the metro-wide Concept 3 approved by the Transit Planning Board, and the no-barrier HOT lanes on I‑85 in Gwinnett. MARTA is also considering a BRT line of its own to the east.
The first commuter rail line would run south of the city, eventually extended to Lovejoy and possibly Hampton near Atlanta Motor Speedway. The "Brain Train" would likely be the second route, connecting the University of Georgia in Athens to Emory University and Georgia Tech in Atlanta.
As planned, all commuter trains would arrive at the Atlanta Multimodal Passenger Terminal (MMPT), the long-delayed facility just across Peachtree Street from the Five Points MARTA station, where all of its lines meet. The planning for the system, and its extension as intercity rail across the state, is the responsibility of the Georgia Rail Passenger Authority.
Another proposed plan that has received very strong grassroots support in recent years is the BeltLine, a greenbelt and transit system that takes advantage of existing and unused rail tracks to set up a 22‑mile light rail or streetcar circuit around the core of Atlanta, as well as establishing more green space and foot paths for pedestrians and bicyclists.
Commercial railways.
Before Atlanta was even a city, it was a railroad hub. From this came the joke, popular among other Southerners, that "regardless of whether one goes to heaven or hell, everyone must go through Atlanta first". Many of its suburbs pre-date it as depots or train stations along the major lines in and out of town.
Many of these historic stations, including Atlanta's Union Station and Terminal Station, were demolished like many county courthouses and other historic buildings. Many have been saved however, including the L&N station in Woodstock, and the stations along the main W&A line in Marietta and Smyrna.
Through mergers, the main railroads in the area are now Norfolk Southern and CSX. The Georgia Northeastern Railroad is a short line that also services part of the area. There are also several railyards of Atlanta and vicinity, as well as the Southeastern Railway Museum and the Southern Museum of Civil War and Locomotive History.
The National Railroad Passenger Corporation, more commonly known as Amtrak, runs the intercity rail line Crescent through metro Atlanta twice daily, with one train heading towards New Orleans and the other headed towards New York. All trains make a scheduled stop at Peachtree Station in northern Midtown Atlanta, but it is also possible for arrange for trains to stop in Gainesville, Georgia as well.
Air.
Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport is the only international airport for the region (and only major international airport for the state), and as with rail travel, it became the ubiquitous place through which everyone must travel at some point. Atlanta's second airport is in the very preliminary discussion and study phase.
Other airports (maintained by local counties) include Charlie Brown Field (Fulton), McCollum Field (Cobb), Cartersville Airport, DeKalb Peachtree Airport, Briscoe Field (Gwinnett), Coweta County Airport, Cherokee County Airport, and Tara Field (Henry). Former local airports were Stone Mountain Airport and Parkaire Field, among others.
Roads and freeways.
Atlanta is served by three major interstate highways. Including tributaries, they are the following:
Interstate 75 passes through from Macon to the south, and from Chattanooga to the north. Interstate 575 is a spur which merges with I‑75 near Kennesaw. I‑575 serves northeast portions of Cobb County and a large portion of Cherokee County. It ends in Ball Ground. Interstate 675 is a route which connects I‑75 in Henry County to I‑285 in southern Dekalb County. Most of the corridor is within Clayton County.
Interstate 85 passes through from Montgomery on the southwest and from Greenville on the northeast. I-75 merges with I-85 to form the Downtown Connector from the Brookwood Interchange, just north of Midtown Atlanta, to just south of the Lakewood Freeway in south Atlanta. Interstate 185 is a spur which merges with I‑85 in LaGrange and stretches southward to Columbus. Interstate 985 is a spur which merges with I‑85 in Suwanee and serves the northern suburbs of Gwinnett and Hall Counties. It terminates just northeast of Gainesville.
Interstate 285 is the beltway which encircles the city and its immediate eastern suburbs. It is commonly known as the Perimeter. I‑285 passes through Clayton, Cobb, Fulton, and DeKalb Counties.
Interstate 20 passes through from Birmingham to the west and from Augusta to the east. It serves Douglasville, the major suburb west of Atlanta. It serves Lithonia and Conyers to the east.
Atlanta is also served by several other freeways, in addition to the interstate highways, including:
Georgia 400 is the main corridor serving the north-central suburbs, and the only toll road in the metropolitan Atlanta area. It reaches into the northern portion of Fulton County and gradually turns northeast before entering Forsyth County. The controlled-access portion terminates just northeast of the city of Cumming. To the south, it terminates and merges into southbound I‑85 just south of the Buckhead business district. Cumming/Dahlonega is used on I‑285 as the northbound sign, and Atlanta/Buckhead as the southbound. From I‑85 northbound, it uses Buckhead/Cumming.
Stone Mountain Freeway, or U.S. 78, is an 8‑mile corridor east of Downtown Atlanta and the neighboring suburb of Decatur. It serves northeast portions of Dekalb County, including the city of Stone Mountain. It continues east as a divided highway into south Gwinnett County, including the suburb of Snellville. U.S. 78 also stretches east to Athens.
Lakewood Freeway, or Georgia 166, extends between Lakewood Park in south Atlanta and Campbellton Road, just west of I‑285.
Peachtree Industrial Blvd, or Georgia 141, is a route north-northeast of Atlanta which begins on the north side of I‑285 and runs parallel to I‑85 for about four miles until it terminates when it splits into GA‑141 and Peachtree Industrial (continuing as a normal divided highway).
Georgia State Route 316 is a four-mile-long route that branches from I‑85 and stretches eastward into Gwinnett County. It continues east as a normal divided highway through the suburb of Lawrenceville and on to Athens.
There are many historic roads across the area, named after its mills and early ferries, and the bridges later built to replace the ferries. Pace's Ferry is perhaps the best known.
Owing to the area's long history of settlement and uneven terrain, most arterial roads are not straight but meander instead, which can be confusing as much as the famed proliferation of Atlanta streets with "Peachtree" in the name. It is also often joked that half the streets are named Peachtree, while the other half have several names to make up for it.
Partly, confusion is because the region maintains the historic nomenclature of each county naming its roads for the towns they connect with in surrounding counties. Thus, from Dallas to Roswell, Georgia 120 is Marietta Highway to the Paulding/Cobb county line, is Dallas Highway to the city of Marietta, Whitlock Avenue to the town square, South Park Square for just one city block, Roswell Street to Cobb Parkway (at the Big Chicken), Roswell Road to the Cobb/Fulton county line, and finally Marietta Street to the town square in Roswell. Further confusion is from the arbitrary location of state routes by the Georgia Department of Transportation (GDOT), so that they travel an erratic path requiring several turns by drivers instead of traveling the original straight route; and the renaming of roads by state legislators to honor their friends.
There are many roads like this throughout the area, leading to duplication of names in different counties. In Fulton, "Roswell Road" refers to Georgia 9 through northern Atlanta and across Sandy Springs, in addition to the above-mentioned use in Cobb, for example. Numeric street addressing is done by county as well, with the origin usually being at one corner of the town square in the county seat. The U.S. Postal Service ignores these actual and logical boundaries however, overlapping ZIP codes and their associated place names across counties. The Cumberland/Galleria area has Cobb's numbers and an "SE" suffix, but is called "Atlanta" by the USPS (despite being Vinings, which the USPS ironically calls "unacceptable"), which can confuse visitors to think it is far away in southeast Atlanta.
Where more than one town in the same county has a road to the same place, the smaller towns have their own name prefixed to it, while the county seat does not. The road need not go directly to the other place, but may connect through other roads. Examples include Due West Road west from Marietta, Kennesaw Due West Road southwest from Kennesaw, and Acworth Due West Road south from Acworth. Some are usually hyphenated, like Peachtree-Dunwoody Road, Ashford-Dunwoody Road, Chamblee-Dunwoody Road, and Chamblee-Tucker Road.
There are also several roads named for communities which have been overwhelmed by the urban and suburban sprawl, and so are somewhat odd to newcomers. These include Sandy Plains, Crabapple, Toonigh, Luxomni, and Due West. Some of these communities are in the middle of the road, while some are at or very near one end. Some areas are renamed, either over time (Sandy Plains gradually became "Sprayberry" when Sprayberry High School moved there and similarly named shopping centers popped up around it); by the USPS (Toonigh is identified as "Lebanon"), or after rapid development. (Hog Mountain is now "Hamilton Mill"). In such cases, the roads usually maintain their historic names even if the neighborhoods do not.
Several of these roads have become arterials, while others remain pleasant two-lane drives. Many are state roads as well, though GDOT has the habit of moving numbered routes onto other roads, without public input, and occasionally sending them through an entirely different town. State highway numbers also tend to curve around arbitrarily while their directional signs do not, rendering them useless where they indicate "north" and "south" in places the road goes east and west. There are also a few U.S. highways that cross the area, including 19, 23, 29, 41, and 78.
Other arterials are completely new, like much of Barrett Parkway and South Fulton Parkway, both constructed by their counties but partly covered with a state route number. Occasionally, roads are realigned or extended to meet each other directly at a cross-road, leading to odd curves and name changes.
Counties.
The above-listed counties are included in the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Gainesville CSA (Bold counties are also in the somewhat smaller Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Marietta MSA
); however most other entities define a much smaller metropolitan area by including only the counties which have the densest suburban development. Fulton, DeKalb, Gwinnett, Cobb, and Clayton were the five original counties when the Atlanta metropolitan area was first defined in 1950, and continue to be the core of the metro area. These five counties along with five more (Cherokee, Douglas, Fayette, Henry and Rockdale) are members of the Atlanta Regional Commission, a weak metropolitan government agency which also is a regional planning agency. The ten ARC counties and five more (Bartow, Coweta, Hall, Forsyth, Paulding) are part of the Metropolitan North Georgia Water Planning District, created in 2001. The 14 counties listed above with under 60,000 residents are usually not included in any other metropolitan definition except the OMB/Census Bureau's CSA. Hall County was originally the Gainesville, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area, but with astronomical growth to over 180,000 residents, is now part of the Atlanta CSA. The official tourism website of the State of Georgia features a "Metro Atlanta" tourism region that includes only nine counties: Fulton, DeKalb, Gwinnett, Cobb, Clayton, Coweta, Douglas, Fayette, and Henry.
Municipalities.
Major edge cities (from Atlanta edge cities).
More than one half of metro Atlanta's population is in unincorporated areas or areas considered a census-designated-place (CDP) by the census bureau. Metro Atlanta includes the following incorporated and unincorporated suburbs (both inside and outside Atlanta), exurbs, and surrounding cities, sorted by population:
Cities and suburbs.
Principal city
Places with 75,000 to 99,999 inhabitants
Places with 50,000 to 74,999 inhabitants
Places with 25,000 to 49,999 inhabitants
Places with 24,999- inhabitants
Community improvement districts.
All of Georgia's community improvement districts are located in metro Atlanta.

</doc>
<doc id="18950432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950432" title="Peter Suber">
Peter Suber

Peter Dain Suber (born November 8, 1951) is a philosopher specializing in the philosophy of law and open access to knowledge. He is fellow at the Berkman Center for Internet & Society and director of the Harvard Office for Scholarly Communication and the Harvard Open Access Project (HOAP). Suber is known as a leading voice in the open access movement,
and as the creator of the game "Nomic".
Education.
Suber graduated from Earlham in 1973, received a PhD degree in philosophy in 1978 on Søren Kierkegaard and a Juris Doctor degree in 1982, both from Northwestern University.
Career.
Previously, Suber was senior research professor of philosophy at Earlham College, the open access project director at Public Knowledge, a senior researcher at Scholarly Publishing and Academic Resources Coalition (SPARC). He is a member of the Board of "Enabling Open Scholarship", the Advisory Boards at the Wikimedia Foundation, the Open Knowledge Foundation, and the advisory boards of other organizations devoted to open access and an information commons.
Suber worked as a stand-up comic from 1976 to 1981, including an appearance on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" in 1976. Suber returned to Earlham College as a professor from 1982 to 2003 where he taught classes on philosophy, law, logic, and Kant's "Critique of Pure Reason", among other topics.
Suber participated in the 2001 meeting that led to the world's first major international open access initiative, the Budapest Open Access Initiative. He wrote Open Access News and the SPARC Open Access Newsletter, considered the most authoritative blog and newsletter on open access. He is also the founder of the Open Access Tracking Project, and co-founder, with Robin Peek, of the Open Access Directory.
In philosophy, Suber is the author of "The Paradox of Self-Amendment", the first book-length study of self-referential paradoxes in law, and "The Case of the Speluncean Explorers: Nine New Opinions", the first book-length "rehearing" of Lon Fuller's classic, fictional case. He has also written many articles on self-reference, ethics, formal and informal logic, the philosophy of law, and the history of philosophy, and many articles on open access to science and scholarship. His latest book is "Open Access".
Honours and awards.
Lingua Franca magazine named Suber one of Academia's 20 Most Wired Faculty in 1999. The American Library Association named him the winner of the Lyman Ray Patterson Copyright Award for 2011.
Personal life.
Suber is married to Liffey Thorpe, professor emerita of Classics at Earlham College, with whom he has two daughters. Since 2003 he and Thorpe have resided in Brooksville, Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="18950448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950448" title="Sacred Scriptures Bethel Edition">
Sacred Scriptures Bethel Edition

'The Sacred Scriptures Bethel Edition (SSBE) is a Sacred Name Bible which uses the names Yahweh and Yahshua in both the Old and New Testaments ("Chamberlin" p. 51-3). It was produced by Jacob O. Meyer, based on the American Standard Version of 1901 and it contains over 977 pages. The Assemblies of Yahweh printed 5,500 copies of the first edition in 1981. It is also used by some members of the SNM.
Sacred names.
Sacred Name supporters often cite from passages such as where, in the original Hebrew texts, YHWH ( . ) is found. The Name is found approximately 7,000 times in the Hebrew Scriptures. Some claim that the pronunciation was lost, or unknown. However, most prominent, authoritative reference works today do not support this view. The Encyclopedia Judaica makes the following statement:
Prominent religious leaders have agreed that Yahweh cannot be translated into any word exactly ("Herbert Armstrong", pp. 128 – 129), while other Bible translators point out that the reason for not pronouncing Yahweh and producing the form Jehovah, was down to a misunderstanding of Jewish tradition ("Anchor Bible", page XIV). Bible translations such as the Rotherham's Emphasized Bible, the Anchor Bible, and the Jerusalem Bible have retained the name Yahweh in the Old Testament. The Sacred Scriptures Bethel Edition is one of the few English Bible translations that uses Yahweh in both the Old Testament and the New Testament.
Notability.
Restoring the truth.
The Assemblies of Yahweh elder Jacob O. Meyer felt that damage had been done to the texts by translators who failed to bring over the appropriate words from the Hebrew or Greek into the English language. At the back of the Sacred Scriptures Bethel Edition Bible, four pages point out these discrepancies. By using the words that appeared in the original texts, Meyer hoped to aid the True Worshipper to The Sacred Scriptures Bethel Edition Bible has been referred to as a scholarly Bible because of the translators intention to bring the Bible as closely as possible to the original texts. Proponents of Sacred Name Bibles contend that their reputation is damaged by translators who reject the name "Yahweh" in favor of variants they regard as philologically and grammatically impossible. In the Preface, evidence is offered to show how the rendering of "Jehovah" is a serious mispronunciation of the Tetragrammaton. Among some of the politer terms used by scholars to describe the name Jehovah are "morphological monstrosity" and a "mispronunciation", but Bibles that use the name "Jehovah" have gained more popularity than those using "Yahweh". The Assemblies of Yahweh state that all the titles assigned to substitute the Name "are inferior titles at that". Jacob Meyer writes in the "Sacred Name Broadcaster": "We as humans cannot choose the name which we personally wish to call him. He has already named himself" and that "The best transliteration of this name into English is spelled "Yahweh", and is so pronounced". They therefore reject the English titles for God's name, claiming to etymologically trace such titles to the worship of other deities. The Assemblies of Yahweh use the Hebrew names "Yahweh" and "Yahshua", rather than "God" and "Jesus". They also use "Elohim" instead of "God", and "Messiah" instead of "Christ". By returning to the Hebrew titles, they believe they can please Yahweh in a pure speech, hoping to fulfill .
Editions.
The Assemblies of Yahweh continue to use the Sacred Scriptures Bethel Edition as their preferred text. It has currently undergone seven printings: 1981, 1986, 1989, 1993, 1997, 2001, 2008. The Sacred Scriptures Bethel Edition is a publication by the Assemblies of Yahweh and its editor, Jacob O. Meyer. The Sacred Scriptures Bethel Edition is available at some libraries in England and the United States and is used at the Dalet School and the Obadiah School of the Bible, both in Bethel, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18950472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950472" title="Foreign relations of Antigua and Barbuda">
Foreign relations of Antigua and Barbuda

Antigua and Barbuda maintains diplomatic relations with the United States, Canada the United Kingdom, and the People's Republic of China, as well as with many Latin American countries and neighboring Eastern Caribbean states. It is a member of the United Nations, the Commonwealth of Nations, the Organization of American States, the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States, the Bolivarian Alliance for the Americas, Petrocaribe and the Eastern Caribbean's Regional Security System (RSS).
As a member of CARICOM, Antigua and Barbuda supported efforts by the United States to implement UN Security Council Resolution 940, designed to facilitate the departure of Haiti's de facto authorities from power. The country agreed to contribute personnel to the multinational force which restored the democratically elected government of Haiti in October 1994.
In May 1997, Prime Minister Bird joined 14 other Caribbean leaders and President Clinton for the first-ever U.S.-regional summit in Bridgetown, Barbados. The summit strengthened the basis for regional cooperation on justice and counter-narcotics issues, finance and development, and trade.
Antigua and Barbuda is also a member of the International Criminal Court with a Bilateral Immunity Agreement of protection for the US-military (as covered under Article 98).
Disputes - international:
none
Illicit drugs:
considered a minor transshipment point for narcotics bound for the US and Europe; more significant as a drug-money-laundering center.
Antigua and Barbuda – United States relations.
Relations between Antigua and Barbuda and the United States have been friendly since Antigua and Barbuda's independence from the United Kingdom in 1981.
The United States has supported the Government of Antigua and Barbuda's effort to expand its economic base and to improve its citizens' standard of living. However, concerns over the lack of adequate regulation of the financial services sector prompted the U.S. Government to issue a financial advisory for Antigua and Barbuda in 1999. The advisory was lifted in 2001, but the U.S. Government continues to monitor the Government of Antigua and Barbuda's regulation of financial services.
The United States also has been active in supporting post-hurricane disaster assistance and rehabilitation through the U.S. Agency for International Development's (USAID) Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance and the Peace Corps. U.S. assistance is primarily channeled through multilateral agencies such as the World Bank and the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB), as well as through the USAID office in Bridgetown, Barbados.
Antigua and Barbuda is strategically situated in the Leeward Islands near maritime transport lanes of major importance to the United States. Antigua has long hosted a U.S. military presence. A former U.S. Navy support facility, turned over to the Government of Antigua and Barbuda in 1995, is now being developed as a regional coast guard training facility.
Antigua and Barbuda's location close to the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico makes it an attractive transshipment point for narcotics traffickers. To address these problems, the United States and Antigua and Barbuda have signed a series of counter-narcotic and counter-crime treaties and agreements, including a maritime law enforcement agreement (1995), subsequently amended to include overflight and order-to-land provisions (1996); a bilateral extradition treaty (1996); and a mutual legal assistance treaty (1996). In addition, Antigua and Barbuda receives counter-narcotics assistance and benefits from U.S. military exercise-related and humanitarian civic assistance construction projects.
In 2005, Antigua and Barbuda had 239,804 stay-over visitors, with nearly 28% of Antigua and Barbuda's visitors coming from the United States. It is estimated that 4,500 Americans reside in the country.
In 2005 both countries disputed a World Trade Organization ruling over gambling law. In 2007 relations were strained when Antigua and Barbuda demanded sanctions worth $3.4bn imposed on the U.S. for its failure to obey the WTO gambling ruling stating that "while we realise this is a significant step for Antigua and Barbuda to take, we feel we have no choice in the matter". Nevertheless, relations between the two countries are still strong.
Embassies.
The United States maintains no official presence in Antigua. The ambassador and embassy officers are resident in Barbados and travel to Antigua frequently. However, a U.S. consular agent resident in Antigua assists U.S. citizens in Antigua and Barbuda. The U.S. Embassy in Barbados is located in the Wildey Business Park, Wildey, St. Michael.
Antigua and Barbuda – Venezuela relations.
Antigua and Barbuda enjoys close relations with Venezuela. As of June 2009 it became a formal member of the Bolivarian Alliance for the Americas (ALBA) international cooperation organization and the Caribbean oil alliance Petrocaribe. In 2009 Antigua and Barbuda received US$50 million from Venezuela because of the country’s membership of these initiatives. 
“We have benefited from these relationships and so we will continue to forge these alliances, whether it is with Venezuela, Cuba or whoever else that we feel is in the interest of Antigua and Barbuda and the sub-region,” said the Prime Minister of Antigua and Barbuda Baldwin Spencer.

</doc>
<doc id="18950476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950476" title="Harrisonville Telephone Company">
Harrisonville Telephone Company

Harrisonville Telephone Company was founded in Waterloo, Illinois in 1896, and provides communications to southwestern Illinois. HTC is the 6th largest telephone company in Illinois. HTC contains the IP Block 65.87.32.0 - 65.87.63.255 and 216.114.96.0 - 216.114.127.255. HTC is a Tier-2 Internet Service Provider getting their bandwidth from AT&T. HTC offers broadband as well as fiber internet.

</doc>
<doc id="18950479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950479" title="Economy of Antigua and Barbuda">
Economy of Antigua and Barbuda

Antigua and Barbuda's economy is service-based, with tourism and government services representing the key sources of employment and income. Tourism accounts directly or indirectly for more than half of GDP and is also the principal earner of foreign exchange in Antigua and Barbuda. However, a series of violent hurricanes since 1995 resulted in serious damage to tourist infrastructure and periods of sharp reductions in visitor numbers. In 1999 the budding offshore financial sector was seriously hurt by financial sanctions imposed by the United States and United Kingdom as a result of the loosening of its money-laundering controls. The government has made efforts to comply with international demands in order to get the sanctions lifted. The dual island nation's agricultural production is mainly directed to the domestic market; the sector is constrained by the limited water supply and labor shortages that reflect the pull of higher wages in tourism and construction. Manufacturing comprises enclave-type assembly for export with major products being bedding, handicrafts, and electronic components. Prospects for economic growth in the medium term will continue to depend on income growth in the industrialized world, especially in the US, which accounts for about one-third of all tourist arrivals. Estimated overall economic growth for 2000 was 2.5%. Inflation has trended down going from above 2 percent in the 1995-99 period and estimated at 0 percent in 2000.
To lessen its vulnerability to natural disasters, Antigua has been diversifying its economy. Transportation, communications and financial services are becoming important.
Antigua is a member of the Eastern Caribbean Currency Union (ECCU). The Eastern Caribbean Central Bank (ECCB) issues a common currency (the East Caribbean dollar) for all members of the ECCU. The ECCB also manages monetary policy, and regulates and supervises commercial banking activities in its member countries.
Antigua and Barbuda is a beneficiary of the U.S. Caribbean Basin Initiative. Its 1998 exports to the U.S. were valued at about US $3 million and its U.S. imports totaled about US $84 million. It also belongs to the predominantly English-speaking Caribbean Community (CARICOM).
Economic history.
Prior to colonization, several Amerindian groups inhabited Antigua and Barbuda, all of which relied on a subsistence lifestyle. British colonists established settlements in the islands in 1632. After fighting off the Caribs, Dutch, and French to stabilize their colonies, settlers grew tobacco, indigo, cotton, and ginger as cash crops. As on many other Caribbean islands, sugar cultivation became the most profitable enterprise, quickly surpassing other crops in economic importance. Due to the vast tracts of land needed for large-scale sugar production, rainforests on the islands were decimated. Timber from the rainforests was used in shipbuilding and repair.
With the shift to a plantation economy, slaves were imported from Africa. Even after the abolition of slavery in 1834, former slaves continued working in servitude due to laws designed to keep providing plantations with cheap labor. As the sugar industry began to wane, the plantation economy came to an end.
Primary industries.
Agriculture.
Some 30% of land on Antigua is under crops or potentially arable, with 18% in use. Sea-island cotton is a profitable export crop. A modest amount of sugar is harvested each year, and there are plans for production of ethanol from sugarcane. Vegetables, including beans, carrots, cabbage, cucumbers, plantains, squash, tomatoes, and yams, are grown mostly on small family plots for local markets. Over the past 30 years, agriculture's contribution to the GDP has fallen from over 40% to 12%. The decline in the sugar industry left 60% of the country's under government control, and the Ministry of Agriculture is encouraging self-sufficiency in certain foods in order to curtail the need to import food, which accounts for about 25% by value of all imports. Crops suffer from droughts and insect pests, and cotton and sugar plantings suffer from soil depletion and the unwillingness of the population to work in the fields. Mango production in 2004 was 1,430 tons.
Animal husbandry.
Livestock estimates in 2004 counted 14,300 head of cattle, 19,000 sheep, and 36,000 goats; there were some 5,700 hogs in the same year. Most livestock is owned by individual households. Milk production in 2004 was an estimated 5,350 tons. The government has sought to increase grazing space and to improve stock, breeding Nelthropp cattle and Black Belly sheep. There is a growing poultry industry. In 1992, the European Development Bank provided $5 million US to the government to help develop the livestock industry.
Fishing.
Most fishing is for local consumption, although there is a growing export of the lobster catch to the United States and of some fish to Guadeloupe and Martinique. Antiguans annually consume more fish per capita (46 kg/101.4 lb) per year live weight than any other nation or territory in the Caribbean. The main fishing waters are near shore or between Antigua and Barbuda. There are shrimp and lobster farms operating, and the Smithsonian Institution has a Caribbean king crab farming facility for the local market. The government has encouraged modern fishing methods and supported mechanization and the building of new boats. Fish landings in 2000 were 1,481 tons; the lobster catch, 42 tons. Exports of fish commodities in 2000 were valued at US$1.5 million.
Forestry.
About 11% of the land is forested, mainly by plantings of red cedar, mahogany, white cedar, and acacia. A reforestation program was begun in 1963, linked with efforts to improve soil and water conservation.
Mining.
Few of the islands' mineral resources, which included limestone, building stone, clay, and barite, were exploited until recently. Limestone and volcanic stone have been extracted from Antigua for local construction purposes, and the manufacture of bricks and tiles from local clay has begun on a small scale. Barbuda produced a small amount of salt, while phosphate has been collected from Redonda.
Secondary industries.
Industrial activity has shifted from the processing of local agriculture produce to consumer and export industries using imported raw materials. Industrial products include rum, refined petroleum, paints, garments, furniture, and electrical components. The government encourages investment in manufacturing establishments, and most industries have some government participation.
Industry accounted for 19% of GDP in 2001. Manufacturing—which accounts for approximately 5% of GDP—comprises enclave-type assembly for export with major products being bedding, handicrafts, and electronic components. Prospects for economic growth depend on income growth in the industrialized world, especially in the US, which accounts for about half of all tourist arrivals. The industrial park, located in the Coolidge Area, produces a range of products such as paints, furniture, garments, and galvanized sheets, mainly for export.
Tertiary industries.
Tourism.
Tourism is the mainstay of the economy of Antigua and Barbuda and is the leading sector in terms of providing employment and creating foreign exchange. In 1999 it contributed 60 percent of GDP and more than half of all jobs. According to the Americas Review 1998, tourism contributed 15 percent directly and around 40 percent indirectly to the GDP in 1998. Real growth in this sector has moved from an average of 7 percent for the period 1985-89 to 8.24 percent for the period 1990-95. There was slow growth between 1995 and 1998.
Figures released by the East Caribbean Central Bank (ECCB) in 2000 show that total visitor arrivals increased steadily from 470,975 in 1995 to 613,990 in 1998. In 1999 total visitor arrivals declined by about 4.1 percent to 588,866, yet the number of visitors staying at least 1 night or more increased by 1.9 percent over 1998 to total 207,862. Arrivals via cruise ships in 1999 dropped to 325,195, a fall of 3.4 percent over 1998. The fall-off in cruise passengers was mainly the result of one of the larger cruise ships being out of service for a brief period. Most of the tourists in 1999 came from the United Kingdom and the United States. Visitor expenditures have increased steadily since 1990, with total expenditures of EC$782.9 million.
To combat increasing competition from other Caribbean destinations, the government and the Antigua Hotel and Tourist Association have established a joint fund to market the country's appeal as a tourist destination. The Association has agreed to match the proceeds from a 2 percent hotel guest levy introduced by the government.
At the start of March 2001, the Antigua Workers Union (AWU), the trade union which represents close to 7,000 workers in the tourism industry, described tourism as an industry in crisis. The AWU claimed the industry is on the decline because some airlines are pulling out of the country, and government was not spending enough money to promote tourism. While the government has conceded that it was not spending enough on marketing because of cash flow problems, it has rejected the AWU's contention that the industry is in crisis.
Financial services.
Antigua and Barbuda is advertised as "an attractive offshore jurisdiction." The country was the first to sign the United Nations' anti-money laundering act. This agreement came out of a conference in 1999 which urged worldwide offshore financial centers to introduce laws to tighten their policing of money laundering activities. The United Kingdom exerted considerable pressure on Antigua and Barbuda to reform laws to combat money laundering, even issuing an advisory in April 1999 to British financial institutions that Antigua and Barbuda's anti-money laundering laws were wanting. Antigua and Barbuda responded to this concern, and a subsequent joint United States and United Kingdom review reported they were satisfied that the country had taken positive steps to check illegal activity in this sector. In September 2000 the government of Antigua and Barbuda announced that it had strengthened its surveillance of money laundering and drug trafficking. In March 2009, the Stanford Financial Group, based in Antigua was found by regulators there and in the United States, of be operating a massive ponzi scheme. The international bank controlled by the Stanford group is now in receivership pending the outcome of an investigation.
Retail.
The retail sector is dominated by the sale of food and beverages, clothing and textiles, and vegetables. The main markets are located in the capital, St. John's. There are many street vendors and duty-free shops. The government has been taking steps to improve this sector. A US$43.5 million vendors' mall and market has been built to provide better facilities for retailers in the capital. In addition, a US$27 million fisheries complex now provides improved facilities for fish processing and retailing. A growing area of computer business on Antigua is Internet casinos.
Statistics.
GDP: purchasing power parity - $1.61 billion (2008 est.)
GDP - real growth rate: 2.1% (2008 est.)
GDP - per capita: purchasing power parity - $19,000 (2008 est.)
GDP - composition by sector:
"agriculture:"
3.8% 
"industry:"
22% 
"services:"
74.3% (2002 est.)
Inflation rate (consumer prices):
1.5% (2007 est.)
Labor force:
30,000 (1991)
Unemployment rate: 11% (2001 est.)
Budget:
"revenues:"
$123.7 million 
"expenditures:"
$145.9 million (2000 est.)
Central bank discount rate: 6.5% (January 2008)
Agriculture - products: cotton, fruits, vegetables, bananas, coconuts, cucumbers, mangoes, sugarcane; livestock
Industries: tourism, construction, light manufacturing (clothing, alcohol, household appliances)
Electricity - production: 105 million kWh (2006)
Electricity - consumption: 97.65 million kWh (2006)
Electricity - exports: 0 kWh (2007)
Electricity - imports: 0 kWh (2007)
Oil - production: (2007)
Oil - consumption: (2006 est.)
Oil - exports: (2005)
Oil - imports: (2005)
Oil - proved reserves: (1 January 2006 est.)
Natural gas - production: 0 cu m (2007 est.)
Natural gas - consumption: 0 cu m (2007 est.)
Natural gas - exports: 0 cu m (2006 est.)
Natural gas - imports: 0 cu m (2006)
Natural gas - proved reserves: 0 cu m (1 January 2006 est.)
Exports: $84.3 million (2007 est.)
Exports - commodities: petroleum products 48%, manufactures 23%, machinery and transport equipment 17%, food and live animals 4%, other 8%
Exports - partners: Spain 34%, Germany 20.7%, Italy 7.7%, Singapore 5.8%, UK 4.9% (2006)
Imports: $522.8 million (2007 est.)
Imports - commodities: food and live animals, machinery and transport equipment, manufactures, chemicals, oil
Imports - partners: US 21.1%, China 16.4%, Germany 13.3%, Singapore 12.7%, Spain 6.5% (2006)
Debt - external: $359.8 million (June 2006)
Economic aid - recipient: $7.23 million (2005)
Currency: 1 East Caribbean dollar (EC$) = 100 cents
Exchange rates:
East Caribbean dollars per US dollar - 2.7 (2007), 2.7 (2007), 2.7 (2006), 2.7 (2005), 2.7 (2004), 2.7 (2003) note: fixed rate since 1976
Fiscal year:
1 April - 31 March

</doc>
<doc id="18950481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950481" title="Bobby Hendricks">
Bobby Hendricks

Bobby Hendricks (b. February 22, 1938, Columbus, Ohio) is an American R&B singer who charted two hits in the late 1950s. Hendricks was a member of The Swallows, The Flyers, and sang lead with The Drifters before becoming a successful solo act (he sang The Drifters' "Drip Drop").
His single "Itchy Twitchy Feeling," which was covered by his former band soon after it began attracting radio airplay, hit the U.S. charts, reaching #5 on the Black Singles chart and #25 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1958. Hendricks's only other charting single, "Psycho," was a novelty song depicting a psychiatrist talking with a patient. "Psycho" peaked at #73 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1960. New York City disc jockey Dr. Jive (Tommy Smalls) was the voice of the psychiatrist on "Psycho."
From 1961, off and on, through 2008, Bobby Hendricks worked as lead singer with Bill Pinkney's Original Drifters and appeared with them on PBS in the "Doo Wop 51" television broadcast and "Doo Wop Love Songs", singing "Stand By Me" with Bill Pinkney, Charlie Thomas, and Ben E. King.
Bobby Hendricks discography.
"(Albums that include at least one track by Bobby Hendricks)"

</doc>
<doc id="18950486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950486" title="Alderfly">
Alderfly

Alderflies are megalopteran insects of the family Sialidae. They are closely related to the dobsonflies and fishflies as well as to the prehistoric Euchauliodidae. All living alderflies - about 66 species altogether - are part of the subfamily Sialinae, which contains between one and seven extant genera according to different scientists' views. But in most classifications, all or almost all of these are treated as subgenera of "Sialis".
Sialinae have a body length of less than 25 mm (1 inch), long filamentous antennae and four large dark wings of which the anterior pair is slightly longer than the posterior. They lack ocelli and their fourth tarsal segment is dilated and deeply bilobed. Dead alderfly larvae are used as bait in fishing.
The females lay a vast number of eggs upon grass stems near water. The larvae are aquatic, active, armed with strong sharp mandibles, and breathe by means of seven pairs of abdominal branchial filaments. When full sized, which takes between one and two years, they leave the water and spend a quiescent pupal stage on the land before metamorphosis into the sexually mature insect. Adult alderflies stay near to the water, in which they had lived in when they were younger.
Genera and Species.
In addition to the seven living genera (or genus), there are several genera of fossil alderflies.
Family Sialidae
"Sialis lutaria" is the most common alderfly in the United Kingdom and across much of Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18950494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950494" title="ARY Digital">
ARY Digital

ARY Digital, a subsidiary of the ARY Group, is a popular Pakistani television network available in Pakistan, the Middle East, North America and Europe. The ARY Group of companies is a Dubai-based holding company founded by a Pakistani businessman, Abdul Razzak Yaqoob (ARY). The network caters to the needs of South Asians, particularly the Pakistani diaspora. The channel is considered to be a pioneer in Pakistani media and broadcasting industry, and has an expanding network of channels, each with an independent focus.
History.
ARY Digital, formerly known as the Pakistani Channel, was launched in the United Kingdom in December 2000 to cater to the growing demands of South Asian entertainment in the region. Within a short span of three years, the unique proposition and the content of the channel resulted in massive popularity and in order to enable greater expansion and broadcast into other countries, the operations were moved to Dubai Media City. It uses Samacom, a monopolising uplink provider based in the UAE, as the uplink teleport station.
The channel started off with a format more closely resembling that of PTV Prime and other Indian channels where it provided slots for soaps in general while presenting an hourly slot for news headlines. Although, flaming political talk shows and dramas were the main priority when it came to programming, the network soon was hailed for its news coverage.
Qatar-based Al Jazeera was enjoying its fifteen minutes of fame that rooted its name prominently in the events folding after the 9/11 attacks but when the war on terror came to neighbouring Afghanistan, Pakistan had no decent coverage and the likes of PTV hired people without prior knowledge of journalism to be investigative journalists. There was a limit as to how much PTV could show on their network. Soon enough, when ARY Digital started broadcasting news covering the Afghan war, ARY Digital was hailed for their efforts.
This one-screen TV business grew into a network of channels beaming into over 130 countries, but have not yet launched its transmissions in Australian continent. The network however, at present, undoubtedly stands as one of the fastest growing Asian television networks in the world.
The network was successful in acquiring a license for DTH operations in Pakistan, considered a milestone for media in the ever-growing broadcast television market of Pakistan. Since then the network started to commit itself to the continuous development of Pakistan’s media market. The network now boasts a potential market size of more than 20 million households.
The ARY Group, owners of the network, announced the launch of the ARY Digital Tower, one of the tallest media buildings in the UAE. The project is to stand a mammoth 44 to 45-storey broadcasting tower that will house the studios and corporate-head office of all the network’s operations. Construction of the tower, overseen by esteemed Adnan Z. Saffarini of Dimensions Engineering Consultants, is expected to end by 2008.
ARY pioneered and set standards in television programming in Pakistan and all over the world. In 2002, The ARY Star Gold Quiz Show set new standards in the game-show broadcast history being the first live show ever which was offering a hefty prize of one kilogram of gold. For the period of its transmission, participants won over 260 kilograms of gold, undoubtedly the highest stakes of any game-show in the history of South Asian Television. Partly due to the ban on Indian channels around the time, it has helped the channel grow popular by the day. The network in 2005 obtained the rights to show Live 8 on its sister music channel, The Musik. The channel also held rights to the Who Wants to be a Millionaire franchise for Pakistan.
At present, the network has four different coverage areas around the world: ARY Digital Asia, ARY Digital Middle East, ARY Digital UK/Europe and ARY Digital USA beamed at from the UAE. It has acquired and set up 1,200 premium-rate lines for its call centres to facilitate users.
Although, its operations involve the mission for the betterment of the image of Pakistanis both resident and living abroad, the network has tagged along regional events programming from neighbour India to boost its ratings. In January 2005, the annual Bollywood Music Awards held in Dubai were premiered on the networks flagship channel ARY Digital where celebrities from both the countries managed to gather under one roof. The awards sparked a new interest in the India-Pakistan affairs regarding media policies and ushered a new era of friendly cross-industry work.
To further hook users to the box, the network acquired exclusive rights to showcase all International Cricket Council cricket tournaments in the European markets. Another deal with the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) led the network into rightful broadcast of all PCB matches from the year 2003 to 2008.
On October 18, 2007 most of the ARY news team, covering former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto's arrival from exile, were killed by one of two explosions. Pictures of the victims were shown live on the news hour and prayers were observed. Bhutto was later escorted safely to an official government house.
this is the only official fan page of arydigital http://www.facebook.com/arydigital.tv
Affiliate programming.
Recently ARY Digital has affiliated with several other television networks to promote their content in Pakistan. Amongst these are Fashion TV for which a regional channel FTV Pakistan has been airing since December 2005 on the ARY Digital network. Plans are under way for Al Jazeera Urdu in affiliation with Al Jazeera targeting 110 million Urdu-speaking households worldwide and HBO Pakistan in association with HBO's south-Asian division. With the network's help, Nickelodeon is also planning to kick-start its operations in Nick Pakistan where it would be beamed into 2.5 million households with kids. With so much international diversity under the network's belt, Salman Iqbal, the global CEO and president of ARY Digital network feels confident that the network is bringing international quality to Pakistan's growing market.
Specialized programming.
By 2004, ARY Digital had started up three sister ventures apart from the flagship channel ARY Digital, channels targeting generalized programming. They include: ARY News, a 24hr news channel; ARY Musik, a channel aimed at the younger generation featuring the latest from the Pakistani music scene & ARY Qtv, a religious service. With these four channels under its belt, the network viewership grew by folds over the coming years and ARY Digital would often then call itself the premium entertainment provider in the region.
Availability.
Continental programming.
In 2004, ARY Digital divided its broadcasts in such a way, that each Continent had different programming at different times, to better facilitate the audience.
The Channels were split as follows:
ARY Digital Asia.
This version of the Channel is free-to-air, as channels in the Indian subcontinent are usually free-to-air . Unlike other versions of the Channel, ARY Digital Asia, features a wider variety of Programmes and shows. Many of which may include foreign programmes including Hollywood and Bollywood movies, Indian TV shows, for example Fear Factor - Khatron Ke Khiladi is one of the Indian TV shows currently being aired.
ARY Digital UAE.
ARY Digital UAE is also free to air, but the programming is limited to Pakistani programmes only, this includes ARY Digital's exclusive Dramas and TV shows, this is because UAE's local Channels own the rights for American and English shows and films. 
Indian programmes are also not broadcast on the UAE version, this is because the Original Indian channels Broadcast the Programmes on their own Channel.
ARY Media Advisory Board.
At the turn of events leading to the emergency in December 2007, Salman Iqbal, CEO of the network announced along with the ARY Digital network committee the establishment of a media advisory board, the purpose of which would be to assess the media coverage (be it news or other programmes) on the network. Saying that ARY Digital has been reporting without bias for a while but the recent events ushering the emergency rule and temporary closure of one of the biggest news network Geo TV, ARY Digital required a better unbiased coverage. He concluded that an array of government leaders could weigh the coverage presented by the network on the basis of its rationality and coverage so that the media portrayed by the network was in verse with the way Pakistan is supposed to be imaged. The board would have seats for 20 members, each focusing on different aspects of media would provide their views on how media should be portrayed.
Criticism.
For a brief moment in 2003, ARY Digital received criticism upon its airing of a prisoners derogatory comments against the Anti-Terrorism Court (ATC-3) and a video showing balded young girls behind bars begging for mercy. The contempt of court proceedings against the officials of the network were withdrawn after the judge accepted the unconditional apologies of all the contemners.

</doc>
<doc id="18950500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950500" title="States of India by Tamil speakers">
States of India by Tamil speakers

This is a list of States and Union Territories of India by speakers of Tamil at the time of the 2001 census. Gross population figures are available online.

</doc>
<doc id="18950508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950508" title="Ålesund">
Ålesund

The town of Ålesund is the administrative centre of Ålesund Municipality, as well as the principal shipping town of the Sunnmøre district. Ålesund Municipality has a population of 45,033 as of 2013, while the greater Ålesund urban area has a population of 48,460 (this also includes most of neighboring Sula Municipality as well).
General information.
The port of Ålesund was established as a municipality on 1 January 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt). It was completely surrounded by Borgund Municipality. The port of Ålesund received town rights in 1848. On 1 January 1875, part of Borgund Municipality (population: 902) was transferred to the town of Ålesund. In 1922, another part of Borgund Municipality (population: 1,148) was transferred to the town of Ålesund. On 1 January 1968, most of the neighboring municipality of Borgund (population: 20,132) was merged into Ålesund. This merger more than doubled the population of Ålesund, for a new total population of 38,589. On 1 January 1977, the island of Sula and some small surrounding islets (population: 6,302) were separated from Ålesund to form the new Sula Municipality.
Toponomy.
A part of the town was originally known as "Kaupangen Borgund". The Old Norse word "kaupang" means ""marketplace"" or ""town"", thus the market town for Borgund. The Old Norse form of the current name was "Álasund". The first element of that (probably) is the plural genitive case of "áll" which means "eel" and the last element is "sund" which means "strait" or "sound". Before 1921, the name was written "Aalesund".
Coat-of-arms.
The coat-of-arms was granted on 1 April 1898. The arms symbolize the importance of fishing for the town. The type of ship was typical for the ships used in the 18th and 19th century and is taken from a drawing made in 1762. The waves and fish were added to the drawing in the arms. 
The arms are shown in the Kaffe Hag album with the boat sailing right instead of sailing left.
Churches.
The Church of Norway has five parishes "(sokn)" within the municipality of Ålesund. It is part of the Nordre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The seat of the deanery is at Ålesund Church.
History.
Legend has it that "Gangerolf" (outside of Norway better known as Rollo), the 10th century founder of the dynasty of the dukes of Normandy, hailed from the community of Giske, north-west of Ålesund. At least three statues of Rolle exist: in the town park in Ålesund, in the city of Rouen, France, and in Fargo, North Dakota, United States.
In the night of 23 January 1904, the town was the scene of the Ålesund Fire, one of the most terrible of the many conflagrations to which Norwegian towns, once built largely of wood, have been subjected. Practically the entire town was destroyed during the night, a gale aiding the flames, and the population had to leave the town in the middle of the night with only a few minutes' notice. Only one person died in the fire, the 76-year-old Ane Heen, but more than 10,000 people were left without shelter.
Kaiser Wilhelm of Germany had often gone on vacation to Sunnmøre. After the fire, he sent four warships with materials to build temporary shelters and barracks. After a period of planning, the town was rebuilt in stone, brick, and mortar in Jugendstil (Art Nouveau), the architectural style of the time. The structures were designed by approximately 20 master builders and 30 Norwegian architects, most of them educated in Trondheim and Charlottenburg, Berlin, drawing inspiration from all over Europe. To honor Wilhelm, one of the most frequented streets of the town is named after him.
The town has an unusually consistent architecture, most of the buildings having been built between 1904 and 1907. Jugendstilsenteret is a national interpretation centre, visitors can learn more about the town fire, the rebuilding of the town and the Art Nouveau style. Ålesund is a partner in the Art nouveau network, a European network of co-operation created in 1999 for the study, safeguards and development of the Art nouveau.
The term "Little London" was often applied to the community during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany due to the Norwegian resistance work that took place here. Among other things, the city was central to the flights to Scotland and England.
Geography.
The municipality of Ålesund occupies seven of the outer islands in the county of Møre og Romsdal: Hessa, Aspøya, Nørvøya, Uksnøya, Ellingsøya, Humla, and Tørla. The town centre is located on the islands Aspøya and Nørvøya, while Heissa and Oksnøya contain residential areas. 
The second largest island, Ellingsøya, used to be accessible only by boat or by road via Skodje Municipality, but the undersea Ellingsøy Tunnel was built in 1987 to make traveling between the island and the town centre more convenient. The tunnel is long, and was upgraded in 2009. 
Situated 236 km north northeast of the city of Bergen, Ålesund is adjacent to the Hjørund and Geiranger fjords, the latter being on UNESCO's list of World Heritage Sites.
The municipality covers an area of . The population (2013) is 45,033, making the population density of . The population of the agglomeration, which includes parts of the neighbouring Sula Municipality, is 48,460. The municipality also contains three smaller separate urban areas on the island of Ellingsøya: Hoffland, Årset, and Myklebost with a total population of 1,279. Other villages include Løvika and Spjelkavik, both on Uksenøya.
Climate.
The city has a pronounced maritime climate with mild and windy winters; the coldest month of the year, January, has a mean temperature of . The lowest temperature ever recorded at Ålesund Airport, Vigra was .
Economy.
Ålesund has the most important fishing harbour in Norway. The town's fishing fleet is one of the most modern in Europe. Ålesund and surroundings also has a large furniture industry. Some well-known household items are manufactured here. In the 1950s and 1960s, Ålesund was one of the chief stations of the herring fishery business. 
In relation to the relatively large fishing fleet belonging to Ålesund and nearby harbours a large shipbuilding and ship equipment industry has evolved. There are not any yards building ships in Ålesund any more, the last shipyard - Liaaen Shipyard evolved into ship repairs and since late 1990s has mainly been serving the offshore industry through the company Liaaen Technology that merged and rebranded to Strata Møre in 2007. In the close by communities however shipyards continue to operate successfully: Vard, Ulstein Verft, Kleven Maritime, Havyard Group. 
When oil was found in the North Sea in the 1970s the local fishing fleet ship owners seized the opportunity and rebuilt fishing vessels to serve the infant oil exploration and production industry. Soon they were able to build purpose designed offshore vessels at local shipyards to serve the North Sea oil adventure even better. Today this has become a cornerstone industry in and around Ålesund through leading offshore supply ship owning companies Farstad, Bourbon, Olympic, Havila, and Rem. Serving the ship building industry a large number of equipment manufacturers has evolved: [http://www.odim.no/ Odim, Sperre, Optimar, Ship Equip, Jets and many more. 
To the east of Ålesund lies the Sykkylven Municipality where the Ekornes factory, producing furniture such as the StressLess chair, is located. Håhjem, another village near Ålesund, contains the headquarters of the Stokke company. Ålesund is also one of the harbours at which the Hurtigruten arrives two times per day. Ålesund is a popular tourist attraction, both due to its picturesque town center and its proximity to major fjords. The Atlanterhavsparken aquarium is other touristic attaction.[http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/travel/destinations/europe/article6328447.ece]
Transportation.
From Øye at the head of Hjørundfjorden, a road strikes south to the Nordfjorden, and from Maråk on Geirangerfjorden another strikes inland to Otta. The railway line "Raumabanen" starts at Åndalsnes, east of Ålesund, going to Dombås, then southwards on the Dovrebanen railway to Lillehammer and Oslo. Ålesund is a port of call for passenger and freight vessels travelling between Bergen, Kingston upon Hull, Newcastle, Hamburg, and Trondheim, including the Hurtigruta (Norwegian Coastal Express) cruise ships, which arrive in Ålesund twice a day.
The town's airport, Ålesund Airport, Vigra, has several daily flights to/from Oslo, Bergen, Trondheim, and Copenhagen. It also has several weekly flights to/from Riga (Riga International Airport) (AirBaltic) and London (London Gatwick Airport). In November 2012 KLM announced it would fly to Ålesund 5 days a week from Amsterdam starting in April 2013.
Lately, there have been suggestions of a high speed rail link to Oslo as well as metro-style local services to meet the needs of the expanding population of the town.
Culture.
The Norwegian Centre of Art Nouveau Architecture, Jugendstilsenteret, is situated in Ålesund. It is a museum and competence center with exhibitions telling the story of the town fire and Art Nouveu/Jugendstil in Norway and Europe.
The local football team, Aalesunds Fotballklubb (AaFK) was founded in 1914. The team played in the Norwegian premier league for the first time in the 2003 season. The club won its first Norwegian FA cup in 2009 and won again in 2011. The team's new arena, Color Line Stadion, opened 16 April 2005, and is located approximately outside the town centre. AaFK's supporter club is called "Stormen" and has about 2,000 members. 
The local newspaper is Sunnmørsposten, founded in 1882 and published six days a week. Ålesund is the site of the annual Norwegian Food Festival.
Education.
Ålesund has a university college, Ålesund University College (Norwegian: "Høgskolen i Ålesund", with approximately 1,800 students and 150 employees. The "Ålesund School of Art" () is a school for visual arts located in Ålesund. The Norwegian School of Management had a campus in Ålesund, but it closed on 1 August 2008.
Ålesund videregående skole, also known as "Latinskolen", formerly "Aalesund Lærd- og Realskole", is the oldest secondary school in Ålesund, having been established in 1863. Of the six upper secondary schools in Ålesund, including "Latinskolen", Fagerlia videregående skole is the largest with room for approximately 1,000 students.
A new International school will be opened for children aged 5–15 in Ålesund in 2012.
Sport.
Aalesunds Fotballklubb ("Aalesund's Football Club") currently play in the Norwegian Premier League. Aalesunds F.K played their home matches at Kråmyra Stadium until the 2005 season, when they relocated to the new Color Line Stadium.
In popular culture.
Mark Kozelek/Sun Kil Moon made an eponymous song about Ålesund on the record Admiral Fell Promises.
International relations.
Twin towns — Sister cities.
Ålesund is twinned with several towns

</doc>
<doc id="18950510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18950510" title="Bolbe pygmaea">
Bolbe pygmaea

Bolbe pygmaea is a species of praying mantis in the genus "Bolbe" in the order Mantodea.
Description.
At approximately 1 cm in length when fully grown, Bolbe pygmea is the smallest species of praying mantis in the world.

</doc>
