<doc id="18947783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947783" title="Echinopsis pachanoi">
Echinopsis pachanoi

Echinopsis pachanoi (syn. Trichocereus pachanoi) — known as San Pedro cactus — is a fast-growing columnar cactus native to the Andes Mountains at in altitude. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Ecuador and Peru, and it is cultivated in other parts of the world. Uses for it include traditional medicine and traditional veterinary medicine, and it is widely grown as an ornamental cactus. It has been used for healing and religious divination in the Andes Mountains region for over 3,000 years. It is sometimes confused with its close relative, "Echinopsis peruviana" (Peruvian torch cactus).
Nomenclature.
Echinopsis pachanoi is known by many names throughout South America such as "Achuma," "Huachuma," "Wachuma," "Aguacolla," "Hahuacollay," or "Giganton".
Description.
"Echinopsis pachanoi" is native to Ecuador and Peru. Its stems are light to dark green, sometimes glaucous, with a diameter of and usually 6–8 ribs. The whitish areoles may produce up to seven yellow to brown spines, each up to long; the plant is sometimes spineless. The areoles are spaced evenly along the ribs, approximately apart. "Echinopsis pachanoi" is normally tall and has multiple branches, usually extending from the base. The tallest recorded specimen was tall. White flowers are produced at the end of the stems; they open at night. The flowers are large, around long with a diameter of up to . There are black hairs along the length of the tube leading to the flower. Oblong dark green fruits are produced after fertilization, about across and long.
Traditional uses.
"Echinopsis pachanoi" has a long history of being used in Andean traditional medicine. Archeological studies have found evidence of use going back two thousand years, to Moche culture. Although Roman Catholic church authorities after the Spanish conquest attempted to suppress its use, this failed, as shown by the Christian element in the common name "San Pedro cactus" – Saint Peter cactus. The name is attributed to the belief that just as St Peter holds the keys to heaven, the effects of the cactus allow users "to reach heaven while still on earth."
Alkaloids.
The San Pedro cactus contains a number of alkaloids, including the well-studied chemical mescaline (0.21–1.8%), and also 3,4-dimethoxyphenethylamine, 4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenethylamine, 3-hydroxy-4,5-dimethoxyphenethylamine, 4-hydroxy-3,5-dimethoxyphenethylamine, anhalonidine, anhalinine, hordenine, tyramine, and 3-methoxytyramine.
Mescaline (3,4,5-trimethoxyphenethylamine) is a psychedelic drug and entheogen, which is also found in some other species of genus "Echinopsis" (i.e. "Echinopsis lageniformis", "Echinopsis peruviana", and "Echinopsis scopulicola") and the species "Lophophora williamsii" (peyote).
Anecdotal evidence suggests that the highest concentration of active substances is found in the layer of green photosynthetic tissue just beneath the skin.
There are various mescaline extraction techniques, simple (simmering in water 5 to 7 hours) and complex (such as an acid-base extraction), the latter technique yielding a material with a significantly higher concentration of mescaline.
Cultivation.
USDA Hardiness Zones: 8b to 10
Soil acidity: Alkaline
The San Pedro cactus is very easy to grow in most areas. Because it grows naturally in the Andes Mountains at high altitude and with high rainfall, it can withstand temperatures far below that of many other cacti. It requires fertile, free-draining soil. They average half a meter per year of new growth. They are susceptible to fungal diseases if over-watered, but are not nearly as sensitive as many other cacti, especially in warm weather. They can be sunburned and display a yellowing chlorotic reaction to overexposure to sunlight.
In winter, plants will etiolate, or become thin, due to lower levels of light. This may be problematic if the etiolated zone is not sufficiently strong to support future growth as the cactus may break in strong winds.
Propagation from cuttings.
Like many other plants, "Echinopsis pachanoi" can be propagated from cuttings. The result is a genetic clone of the parent plant. For example, the top 15 cm end of a cactus column can be cut off with a knife, then the cutting can be left to dry for about two weeks in the shade, or in a dry place. This is so that the surface of the cut end dries out like paper forming a seal to keep out microbes such as fungi and bacteria. The cutting can then be dipped in rooting hormone (optional, but effective) and planted on the surface of or buried to a maximum of 2.5 cm deep in good propagation media mixed with some sand and perlite. The sand and perlite will ensure that the media will drain and not stay too wet. The cutting is kept in the shade or indirect sunlight, so that the root system can develop and the cactus does not grow too thinly. It is best to withhold watering for the first week or two. The moisture in the media alone is sufficient to begin the formation of adventitious roots. Lightly tug on the cactus to check for root formation. Do not attempt to pull the cactus all the way out of the soil to examine it. You will damage any roots that may have already begun to form. After about six months, significant roots will have formed and the cutting can be repotted in the same type of medium.
Log method.
A long cactus column can be laid on its side on the ground (like a log), and eventually roots will sprout from it and grow into the ground. After time, sprouts will form and cactus columns will grow upward out of it along its length.
Propagation from seed.
The seeds are quite easy to germinate and grow. Their main requirements consist of high humidity levels, free-draining soil mix, and enough (but not too much) water, light, and nutrition. There are a number of commonly-used methods that satisfy these requirements and the choice of a particular method depends mainly on the scale of the cultivation operation.
For soil, use coarse sharp sand (sieved river sand). Some people also find coir or peat, or mixtures, to be effective. The soil can be sterilized by cooking it in an oven on high for 1–2 hours. Sterilization will be most effective if the sand is moist. If one is available, an autoclave would also be useful at this point. 
Some people find sterilization to be unnecessary. This may depend on other factors. The soil is placed into trays (which can be sanitized with bleach beforehand if desired) and the seeds planted into it (when the soil has cooled). The seeds should be only just below the surface (i.e. two or three sand grains over them). The trays now need to be kept in a humid environment. This may be achieved by the use of plastic bags, glass plates, or greenhouses, depending on scale. About 25 °C. is a good temperature for germinating the seed, with 33 °C during the day as a maximum temperature and 15 °C as a nighttime minimum temperature.
Seeds usually germinate within two weeks to a month, but sometimes come up after several months.
The seedlings stay in the humid environment for several months. During this time they must be continually checked for water and nutrient requirements, and fungal pathogens. Ensure the soil stays moist, but not overly wet. Nutrients can be provided with a liquid fertilizer at 1/8 strength whenever growth rate slows down. Fungi can be killed with a sulfur- or copper-based fungicide. There have been some reports of seedlings responding negatively to these treatments; so be very cautious with the amount used. There is some evidence that garlic is also an effective fungicide.
If germinating seeds in cold weather, a heat mat and fluorescent light can be used. These should be set on a timer to mimic normal diurnal temperature cycles for germination but can be left on permanently for faster growth once all the seeds have sprouted. One good method for growing cacti seedlings using this setup is to germinate them in late winter and have them ready to go outside by spring as temperatures and light levels are increasing.
Legality.
In most countries it is legal to cultivate the San Pedro cactus, but in countries where possession of mescaline and related compounds is illegal and highly penalized, cultivation for the purposes of consumption is most likely illegal and also highly penalized. This is the case in the USA, Australia, Canada, Sweden, Germany, New Zealand, and Norway, where it is currently legal to cultivate the San Pedro cactus for gardening and ornamental purposes, but not for consumption.
United States.
In the US mescaline was made illegal in 1970 by the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act. It was prohibited internationally by the 1971 Convention on Psychotropic Substances and is categorized as a Schedule I hallucinogen by the CSA. Mescaline is only legal for certain natives (such as those involved in the Native American Church). "Mescaline is a controlled substance, U.S. code of Federal Regulations, title 21 part 1308.11(1987)." Penalties for manufacture or sale can be as high as five years in jail and a fine of $15,000, with a penalty of up to one year and fine of $5000 for possession. The possession and cultivation of the San Pedro cactus "per se" for decorative purposes is legal, but, if one were to extract the mescaline from the cactus, then the penalties for mescaline would apply.

</doc>
<doc id="18947789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947789" title="Flag of the Turks and Caicos Islands">
Flag of the Turks and Caicos Islands

The flag of the Turks and Caicos Islands is similar to the flags of other British dependencies and colonies as it has the Union Flag in the canton. It was adopted on November 7, 1968. It is a defaced Blue Ensign; the yellow shield is taken from the territory's coat of arms and contains a conch shell, lobster, and cactus. A Red Ensign with the shield is used as civil ensign, which is an informal (yet popular) usage given that this flag has not yet been approved by Order in Council laid before Parliament.
The previous flag used up to 1968 was also a defaced Blue Ensign. Like many other British territories in the region at the time, it had a circular badge showing a ship offshore from a beach with the name of the islands. The Turks and Caicos badge also showed a man working on the beach between two piles of salt. The 1889 Admiralty Flag Book introduced some shading into the right-hand salt pile, interpreted as an insertion of an entrance to what was erroneously thought to be a hut or igloo.

</doc>
<doc id="18947793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947793" title="Jérémy De Magalhaes">
Jérémy De Magalhaes

Jérémy De Magalhaes (born 21 November 1983 in Ivry-sur-Seine, Val-de-Marne) is a French footballer. He has played football in the second and third divisions in France for Stade Lavallois and AS Cannes. He went on trial at Barnet in July 2008 and initially rejected an offer of a contract but returned to the Bees in August to sign with the club. However he had problems with injury, only making four appearances, and his persistent injury problems led him to be released before the end of the season in April. In July 2010, He returned to AS Cannes. After a one-year stint at Cannes, he signed with FC Martigues in the Championnat National in July 2011. In July 2012, he joined amateur club Hyères FC.

</doc>
<doc id="18947818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947818" title="Tex Jones">
Tex Jones

William Roderick "Tex" Jones (August 4, 1885 – February 26, 1938) was a Major League Baseball player. Jones for the Chicago White Sox in the 1911 season. In nine games, he had six hits in 31 at-bats, with four RBIs. He batted and threw right-handed. 
He was born in Marion, Kansas, and died in Wichita, Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="18947819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947819" title="Sarah Lark">
Sarah Lark

Sarah Lark (born 28 January 1983) is a Welsh singer and actress who rose to fame when she competed as one of the finalists in the BBC talent show-themed television series "I'd Do Anything" in 2008.
Background.
Lark was born in Roath, Cardiff to Bev and Billy Lark, and began performing at an early age. When she was twelve years old she played the lead role in the Starstruck Theatre production of musical, "Annie" at St Peter's Church Hall in Roath alongside Charlotte Church, who took the role of Molly. She appeared in the television series "The Biz" and "The Healer" and appeared in the original performance of the Andrew Lloyd Webber musical, "Whistle Down The Wind" at the Sydmonton Festival held at Lloyd Webber's country house, Sydmonton Court in 1995 as part of the ensemble.
In 2000 Lark made her West End debut creating the role of "Little Girl" in Cameron Mackintosh's production of "The Witches of Eastwick" at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane. In 2003 she played John Barrowman's daughter in the musical, "Beautiful and Damned" at the Yvonne Arnaud Theatre in Guildford, Surrey.
After appearing as Lucy in a production of "Snoopy!!! The Musical" at the Jermyn Street Theatre in 2003, Lark undertook a Post-Graduate course in Musical theatre at the Royal Academy of Music. Here in 2004 she played the roles of Julie in Victoria Wood's play "Talent" and also Hermia in "A Midsummer Night's Dream". She graduated with a distinction and then went on to reprise her role in "Snoopy!!!" at The New Players' Theatre in 2004. In 2005 she joined the musical "Mamma Mia!" at the Prince of Wales Theatre, as cover for the roles of Lisa and Sophie.
She stayed in Mamma Mia! for two years before making her first appearance at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in 2007, performing in C Theatre's productions of "Cinderella", in the title role and the annual "Shakespeare For Breakfast", as Juliet's nurse. The latter making a successful transfer to the Canal Cafe Theatre in Little Venice, London.
"I'd Do Anything".
Lark was a finalist on "I'd Do Anything" on BBC One from March to May 2008, a show which searched for a new, unknown lead to play Nancy in a West End revival of the British musical "Oliver!". She was eliminated in show six on 4 May.
Immediately after the show Lark participated in the "I'd Do Anything" tours with fellow contestants Ashley Russell, Keisha Amponsa-Banson and Niamh Perry, along with Michael French and Connie Fisher, accompanied by the BBC Singers and the BBC Symphony Orchestra.
After "I'd Do Anything".
After participating in a workshop production at the Menier Chocolate Factory in the London Borough of Southwark, Lark performed as Collette in Conor Mitchell's "Mathilde" at the 2008 Edinburgh Comedy Festival, directed by Simon Callow. In September 2008 she performed as the lead female vocalist in the show "Hit's of the West End" at the Hamilton Townhouse, Hamilton, South Lanarkshire.
In February 2009, Lark performed at the 2009 Whatsonstage Theatregoers' Choice Award at the Prince of Wales Theatre in London. She sang 9 to 5 with fellow "I'd do Anything" contestant Samantha Barks and "X-Factor" finalist Niki Evans, then the title track from the Broadway musical "Xanadu".
In November 2009 Lark performed at an all-star concert celebrating the work of young British composer Michael Bruce at the Apollo Theatre. Other performers to feature in the concert included West End Stars Julie Atherton, Paul Spicer and Leanne Jones, Your Country Needs You finalist Mark Evans, Any Dream Will Do finalist Daniel Boys, and How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria? finalist Helena Blackman.
Since 2009 Lark has been inducted as a Welsh Icon on Welsh cultural site welshicons.org.uk.
Also in 2009 Lark recorded the lead role of Roberta Jones in Gareth Peter Dicks' musical Bluebird. Bluebird is a passionate WW2 musical concept recording that also starred Ramin Karimloo and Abi Finley.
Further career.
"Oliver!".
After appearing on "I'd do Anything" Lark's next major show was as the Strawberry seller in Cameron Mackintosh's revival production of "Oliver!" at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, London. She understudied the part of Nancy, performing it on a few occasions during the absence of winner Jodie Prenger, performing opposite Rowan Atkinson, Omid Djalili and Griff Rhys Jones as Fagin, and Burn Gorman and Steven Hartley as Bill Sykes. Lark departed the cast on 27 March 2010 after performing in the production for 14 months.
"Snow White".
Lark has appeared twice as Snow White in Pantomimes for UK Productions.
"The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas".
She also played the lead role of Miss Mona in a major revival of The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas at the Union Theatre, London.
In February 2012 Lark appeared as a special guest vocalist at a Valentine's Day concert of the music of Burt Bacharach, alongside Cat Simmons and the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra.
"Les Misérables".
Since June 2012 Lark is appearing in the musical "Les Misérables" at the Queen's Theatre in London.

</doc>
<doc id="18947820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947820" title="Hentschel">
Hentschel

Hentschel is a Germanic surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18947821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947821" title="Baro Kunda">
Baro Kunda

Baro Kunda is a town in central-southern Gambia. It is located in Jarra East District in the Lower River Division. As of 2012, it has an estimated population of 2,149.

</doc>
<doc id="18947837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947837" title="WOW Hits 2009">
WOW Hits 2009

WOW Hits 2009 is a two-disc compilation album composed of some of the biggest hits on Christian radio during the previous year. Disc one features more of the adult contemporary hits, while disc two features the CHR–pop and rock hits.
The album reached number 1 on Billboard's Top Christian Albums chart in 2008, and also #31 on the Billboard 200 chart. It was certified as gold on 20 January 2009 by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), and then went platinum on 30 April 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18947848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947848" title="Sutton Walls Hill Fort">
Sutton Walls Hill Fort

Sutton Walls Hillfort is an elongated ovoid Iron Age Hill fort located four miles north of the city of Hereford, England. It was added to the Sites and Monuments Record in 1988.
History.
The Sutton Walls hillfort dates back to the Iron Age. By 100 BC defenses began to be constructed in the form of a V shaped ditch and an internal bank. The ditch and groundwork were then reinforced by revetting the banks with timber and stone. The reason for such work being done was because a larger community was establishing itself on top of the fort. The people in the settlement lived in wood and stone huts which were situated within the newly constructed defenses. These very defenses were strengthened around the year 25 AD, in the form of a large wooden perimeter wall enclosing the settlement atop the fort.
Archaeological digs have revealed that in around 48 AD, Sutton Walls was attacked by the Romans under the leader ship of Ostorius Scapula and 24 of its inhabitants were slain and their bodies were thrown into the ditch. It is clear from examining the wounds of the skeletons of victims excavated that they were killed in such a conflict. Whilst some display clear arrow wound characteristics, others have clearly been decapitated. After the fort was conquered and its people either banished or put to the sword, the Romans themselves occupied it and did so till roughly the 3rd century. In this time the Romans greatly strengthened the forts defenses likely constructing a larger and more resilient perimeter wall to establish superiority over the local land and its people.
The fort is also regarded by many as being the location of the palace of Offa of Mercia. According to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle it was at Sutton Walls where Offa arranged Æthelberht II of East Anglia to be murdered in 794. Mediaeval sources tell how he was taken captive whilst visiting his future Mercian bride Ælfthyth and was then murdered and buried. In Richard of Cirencester's account of the murder, which cannot be substantiated, Offa's evil queen Cynethryth poisoned her husband's mind until he agreed to have his guest killed. Æthelberht was then bound and beheaded by a certain Grimbert and his body was unceremoniously disposed of. The medieval historian John Brompton's Chronicon describes how the king's detached head fell off a cart into a ditch where it was found, before it restored a blind man's sight. Posthumously Æthelberht was canonised and became the focus of cults in East Anglia and at Hereford, where the shrine of the saintly king once existed.

</doc>
<doc id="18947849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947849" title="2007 Kremlin Cup – Men's Doubles">
2007 Kremlin Cup – Men's Doubles

Fabrice Santoro and Nenad Zimonjić were the defending champions, but Santoro chose not to participate, and only Zimonjic competed that year.
Zimonjic partnered with Daniel Nestor, but lost in the quarterfinals to Sébastien Grosjean and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga.
Marat Safin and Dmitry Tursunov won in the final 6–4, 6–2, against Tomáš Cibulec and Lovro Zovko.

</doc>
<doc id="18947861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947861" title="2006 Pilot Pen Tennis">
2006 Pilot Pen Tennis

The 2006 Pilot Pen Tennis is a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 22nd edition of the Pilot Pen Tennis, and is part of the International Series of the 2006 ATP Tour, and of the Tier II Series of the 2006 WTA Tour. It took place at the Cullman-Heyman Tennis Center in New Haven, United States, from August 20 through August 26, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18947869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947869" title="No Me Doy por Vencido">
No Me Doy por Vencido

"No me Doy por Vencido" () is a Spanish-language song by Puerto Rican singer Luis Fonsi. It was released on August 8, 2008, for the promotional and charity compilation, "AT&T TEAM USA Soundtrack". The music video of the song was released on YouTube in August 2008. It is the singer's biggest hit to date, breaking into the Billboard Hot 100.
Chart performance.
After making its debut during Summer 2008, the song became a #1 hit on the Hot Latin Tracks in September. As of January 17, 2009, No Me Doy Por Vencido has been at the summit for 17 of the last 19 weeks (only to be interrupted for two weeks in November by Enrique Iglesias' Lloro Por Ti). It would not only hold off Lloro Por Ti from the top spot, but it would hold off other hits such as "Te Regalo Amores" by RKM y Ken-Y, "Dame Tu Amor" by Alacranes Musical, and "Como Duele" by Ricardo Arjona. It was a big success in Spain where it peaked at #4 and sold 40,000 copies. "No Me Doy Por Vencido" was named the fourth best-performing Latin pop song of the decade ending December 31, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18947871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947871" title="Ojos Negros (Azúcar Moreno album)">
Ojos Negros (Azúcar Moreno album)

Ojos Negros is the sixth studio album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno, released on Sony-Epic in 1992. The album's title translates as "Dark Eyes" and is a reference to one of the tracks included, the Chilean folk tune "Yo Vendo Unos Ojos Negros".
"Ojos Negros", just like preceding album "Mambo", was recorded in both London, Madrid and Miami and was a collaboration with acclaimed British producer Nick Patrick. Patrick started his career as a recording engineer for Heaven 17 and B.E.F. in the early 80s and has since gained prominence as a producer and arranger in his own right for a large number of artists in genres as diverse as pop and rock (Roy Orbison, Alain Souchon, Maggie Reilly), world music (Salif Keita, Gypsy Kings, Mory Kante, Youssou N'Dour) and classical (Russell Watson, Dominic Miller, Katherine Jenkins). Patrick's production of "Ojos Negros" marked a change in musical direction for Azúcar Moreno as it mainly featured live orchestrations including percussion, brass, woodwind and sophisticated string arrangements and that it combined both disco, club and flamenco influenced material with midtempo tracks and romantic ballads like "Vente Conmigo" and "En Tu Calle Sin Salida", and the Salazár sisters adapting their vocal style accordingly, even harmonising on certain titles.
Despite - or because of - this "Ojos Negros" proved to be a modest commercial success compared to the preceding "Bandido" and "Mambo", both in Spain and Latin America. The album spawned five single releases in 1992 and early 1993, all minor hits; a cover of the Venezuelan standard "Moliendo Café", first made famous by Mario Suárez, "Hazme El Amor", co-written by Spanish singer and composer Miguel Gallardo who would go on to write several of the duo's hits later in the 90s and 2000s, "Veneno", a remixed version of "Azúcarero" and finally "Mirame", a duet with Mexican singer Luis Miguel. "Hazme El Amor" was in 1997 the only track from "Ojos Negros" to be included on Azúcar Moreno's first greatest hits album "Mucho Azúcar - Grandes Éxitos".
Just like "Mambo" the album was released with alternative cover art in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18947876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947876" title="Rathna ella">
Rathna ella

Rathna Ella ("field of gems"), at 111 feet, is the 10th highest waterfall in Sri Lanka, situated in Kandy District.
The area surrounding the waterfall is extremely verdant. The main occupation of the villagers in Rathna Ella is paddy cultivation. The Raihna Ella waterfall is very important to the village, as it supplies water to the irrigation works and paddy cultivation.
In the past, people built small "anicuts" to get water from Rathna Ella for their agricultural activities. Rathna Ella supplies enough water to assist 200 farmers to earn a living in paddy cultivation.

</doc>
<doc id="18947879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947879" title="Curwin Friesen">
Curwin Friesen

Curwin Friesen is President and Chief Executive Officer of Friesens Corporation, Canada's largest printer of hardcover books. 
Background.
Friesen was raised in Altona, Manitoba. He received a B.A. in Economics from the University of Waterloo in 1993. In 2007, he was named one of Waterloo's 50 Outstanding alumni of the past fifty years.
Friesens Corporation.
While under his direction, the company has received multiple awards, including the National Association for Printing Leadership's highest management award and being listed as of Canada's 50 Best Managed Companies by Deloitte and Touche.
In 2004, he was listed as one of Canada's "Top 40 Under 40", a list of prominent businesspeople under forty years old, by the Globe and Mail and Caldwell Partners.

</doc>
<doc id="18947894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947894" title="Terry Naylor">
Terry Naylor

Terry Naylor (born 1948- Islington, London) is a former English professional footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur and Charlton Athletic in the position of full back.
Tottenham Hotspur career.
Naylor joined the club in July 1969. He was previously employed as a meat porter at London's Smithfield Market. His tough, uncompromising style of play as a full back soon earned him the nickname of "Meathook" with the White Hart Lane faithful. Playing a total of 314 games in all competitions including 14 as substitute and scoring one goal between 1970-1980 at Spurs. Naylor featured in both legs of the 1974 UEFA Cup Final against Feyenoord and was an unused substitute in both legs of the 1972 UEFA Cup Final against Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Honours.
Tottenham Hotspur
Later career.
Naylor joined Charlton Athletic in November 1980 and went on to make 69 League appearances for the club.
Managerial.
1988-89, took charge of Tonbridge Angels F.C. for seven games.
Post– football career.
After his football career ended Naylor was employed as a postman for Royal Mail. Today, he is retired, and still lives in the Islington area.
In his spare time, Naylor, sings in pubs in and around Hackney and Islington.

</doc>
<doc id="18947898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947898" title="Amnesty International">
Amnesty International

Amnesty International (commonly known as Amnesty and AI) is a non-governmental organisation focused on human rights with over 3 million members and supporters around the world. The stated objective of the organisation is "to conduct research and generate action to prevent and end grave abuses of human rights, and to demand justice for those whose rights have been violated."
Amnesty International was founded in London in 1961, following the publication of the article "The Forgotten Prisoners" in "The Observer" 28 May 1961, by the lawyer Peter Benenson. Amnesty draws attention to human rights abuses and campaigns for compliance with international laws and standards. It works to mobilise public opinion to put pressure on governments that let abuse take place. The organisation was awarded the 1977 Nobel Peace Prize for its "campaign against torture," and the United Nations Prize in the Field of Human Rights in 1978.
In the field of international human rights organisations Amnesty has the longest history and broadest name recognition, and is believed by many to set standards for the movement as a whole.
1960s.
Amnesty International was founded in London in July 1961 by English labour lawyer Peter Benenson. According to his own account, he was travelling in the London Underground on 19 November 1960, when he read that two Portuguese students from Coimbra had been sentenced to seven years of imprisonment in Portugal for allegedly "having drunk a toast to liberty". Researchers have never traced the alleged newspaper article in question. In 1960, Portugal was ruled by the Estado Novo government of António de Oliveira Salazar. The government was authoritarian in nature and strongly anti-communist, suppressing enemies of the state as anti-Portuguese. In his significant newspaper article "The Forgotten Prisoners", Benenson later described his reaction as follows: "Open your newspaper any day of the week and you will find a story from somewhere of someone being imprisoned, tortured or executed because his opinions or religion are unacceptable to his government [...] The newspaper reader feels a sickening sense of impotence. Yet if these feelings of disgust could be united into common action, something effective could be done."
Benenson worked with friend Eric Baker. Baker was a member of the Religious Society of Friends who had been involved in funding the British Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament as well as becoming head of Quaker Peace and Social Witness, and in his memoirs Benenson described him as "a partner in the launching of the project". In consultation with other writers, academics and lawyers and, in particular, Alec Digges, they wrote via Louis Blom-Cooper to David Astor, editor of "The Observer" newspaper, who, on 28 May 1961, published Benenson's article "The Forgotten Prisoners". The article brought the reader's attention to those "imprisoned, tortured or executed because his opinions or religion are unacceptable to his government" or, put another way, to violations, by governments, of articles 18 and 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR). The article described these violations occurring, on a global scale, in the context of restrictions to press freedom, to political oppositions, to timely public trial before impartial courts, and to asylum. It marked the launch of "Appeal for Amnesty, 1961", the aim of which was to mobilise public opinion, quickly and widely, in defence of these individuals, whom Benenson named "Prisoners of Conscience". The "Appeal for Amnesty" was reprinted by a large number of international newspapers. In the same year Benenson had a book published, "Persecution 1961", which detailed the cases of nine prisoners of conscience investigated and compiled by Benenson and Baker (Maurice Adin, Ashton Jones, Agostinho Neto, Patrick Duncan, Olga Ivinskaya, Luis Taruc, Constantin Noica, Antonio Amat and Hu Feng). In July 1961 the leadership had decided that the appeal would form the basis of a permanent organisation, Amnesty, with the first meeting taking place in London. Benenson ensured that all three major political parties were represented, enlisting members of parliament from the Labour Party, the Conservative Party, and the Liberal Party. On 30 September 1962, it was officially named 'Amnesty International'. Between the 'Appeal for Amnesty, 1961' and September 1962 the organisation had been known simply as 'Amnesty'.
What started as a short appeal soon became a permanent international movement working to protect those imprisoned for non-violent expression of their views and to secure worldwide recognition of Articles 18 and 19 of the UDHR. From the very beginning, research and campaigning were present in Amnesty International's work. A library was established for information about prisoners of conscience and a network of local groups, called 'THREES' groups, was started. Each group worked on behalf of three prisoners, one from each of the then three main ideological regions of the world: communist, capitalist and developing.
By the mid-1960s Amnesty International's global presence was growing and an International Secretariat and International Executive Committee were established to manage Amnesty International's national organisations, called 'Sections', which had appeared in several countries. The international movement was starting to agree on its core principles and techniques. For example, the issue of whether or not to adopt prisoners who had advocated violence, like Nelson Mandela, brought unanimous agreement that it could not give the name of 'Prisoner of Conscience' to such prisoners. Aside from the work of the library and groups, Amnesty International's activities were expanding to helping prisoners' families, sending observers to trials, making representations to governments, and finding asylum or overseas employment for prisoners. Its activity and influence were also increasing within intergovernmental organisations; it would be awarded consultative status by the United Nations, the Council of Europe and UNESCO before the decade ended.
In 1967 founder of Amnesty International resigned after independent inquiry has not supported his claims that AI is infiltrated by British agents . Later he claimed that Central Intelligence Agency has become involved in Amnesty.
1970s.
Leading Amnesty International in the 1970s were key figures Seán MacBride and Martin Ennals. While continuing to work for prisoners of conscience, Amnesty International's purview widened to include "fair trial" and opposition to long detention without trial (UDHR Article 9), and especially to the torture of prisoners (UDHR Article 5). Amnesty International believed that the reasons underlying torture of prisoners by governments, were either to acquire and obtain information or to quell opposition by the use of terror, or both. Also of concern was the export of more sophisticated torture methods, equipment and teaching by the superpowers to "client states", for example by the United States through some activities of the CIA.
Amnesty International drew together reports from countries where torture allegations seemed most persistent and organised an international conference on torture. It sought to influence public opinion to put pressure on national governments by organising a campaign for the 'Abolition of Torture' which ran for several years.
Amnesty International's membership increased from 15,000 in 1969 to 200,000 by 1979. This growth in resources enabled an expansion of its program, 'outside of the prison walls', to include work on "disappearances", the death penalty and the rights of refugees. A new technique, the 'Urgent Action', aimed at mobilising the membership into action rapidly was pioneered. The first was issued on 19 March 1973, on behalf of Luiz Basilio Rossi, a Brazilian academic, arrested for political reasons.
At the intergovernmental level Amnesty International pressed for application of the UN's Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners and of existing humanitarian conventions; to secure ratifications of the two UN Covenants on Human Rights in 1976); and was instrumental in obtaining additional instruments and provisions forbidding its practice. Consultative status was granted at the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights in 1972.
In 1976 Amnesty's British Section started a series of fund-raising events that came to be known as The Secret Policeman's Balls series. They were staged in London initially as comedy galas featuring what the Daily Telegraph called "the crème de la crème of the British comedy world" including members of comedy troupe Monty Python, and later expanded to also include performances by leading rock musicians. The series was created and developed by Monty Python alumnus John Cleese and entertainment industry executive Martin Lewis working closely with Amnesty staff members Peter Luff (Assistant Director of Amnesty 1974–1978) and subsequently with Peter Walker (Amnesty Fund-Raising Officer 1978–1982). Cleese, Lewis and Luff worked together on the first two shows (1976 and 1977). Cleese, Lewis and Walker worked together on the 1979 and 1981 shows, the first to carry what the Daily Telegraph described as the "rather brilliantly re-christened" "Secret Policeman's Ball" title.
The organisation was awarded the 1977 Nobel Peace Prize for its "campaign against torture" and the United Nations Prize in the Field of Human Rights in 1978.
1980s.
By 1980 Amnesty International was drawing more criticism from governments. The USSR alleged that Amnesty International conducted espionage, the Moroccan government denounced it as a defender of lawbreakers, and the Argentine government banned Amnesty International's 1983 annual report.
Throughout the 1980s, Amnesty International continued to campaign against torture, and on behalf of prisoners of conscience. New issues emerged, including extrajudicial killings, military, security and police transfers, political killings; and disappearances.
Towards the end of the decade, the growing number of refugees worldwide was a very visible area of Amnesty International's concern. While many of the world's refugees of the time had been displaced by war and famine, in adherence to its mandate, Amnesty International concentrated on those forced to flee because of the human rights violations it was seeking to prevent. It argued that rather than focusing on new restrictions on entry for asylum-seekers, governments were to address the human rights violations which were forcing people into exile.
Apart from a second campaign on torture during the first half of the decade, two major musical events occurred, designed to increase awareness of Amnesty and of human rights (particularly among younger generations) during the mid- to late-1980s. The 1986 Conspiracy of Hope tour, which played five concerts in the US, and culminated in a daylong show, featuring some thirty-odd acts at Giants Stadium, and the 1988 Human Rights Now! world tour. Human Rights Now!, which was timed to coincide with the 40th anniversary of the United Nations' Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), played a series of concerts on five continents over six weeks. Both tours featured some of the most famous musicians and bands of the day.
1990s.
Throughout the 1990s, Amnesty International continued to grow, to a membership of over 3 million in over 150 countries and territories, led by Senegalese Secretary General Pierre Sané. Amnesty continued to work on a wide range of issues and world events. For example, South African groups joined in 1992 and hosted a visit by Pierre Sané to meet with the apartheid government to press for an investigation into allegations of police abuse, an end to arms sales to the African Great Lakes region and the abolition of the death penalty. In particular, Amnesty International brought attention to violations committed on specific groups, including refugees, racial/ethnic/religious minorities, women and those executed or on Death Row. The death penalty report "When the state kills" (ISBN 978-0-691-10261-0) and the 'Human Rights are Women's Rights' campaign were key actions for the latter two issues.
During the 1990s, Amnesty International was forced to react to human rights violations occurring in the context of a proliferation of armed conflict in Angola, East Timor, the Persian Gulf, Rwanda, and the former Yugoslavia. Amnesty International took no position on whether to support or oppose external military interventions in these armed conflicts. It did not (and does not) reject the use of force, even lethal force, or ask those engaged to lay down their arms. Instead, it questioned the motives behind external intervention and selectivity of international action in relation to the strategic interests of those sending troops. It argued that action should be taken to prevent human rights problems becoming human rights catastrophes, and that both intervention and inaction represented a failure of the international community.
In 1995, when AI wanted to promote how Shell Oil Company was involved with the execution of an environmental and human rights activist Ken Saro-Wiwa in Nigeria, it was stopped. Newspapers and advertising companies refused to run AI's ads because Shell Oil was a customer of theirs as well. Shell's main argument was that it was drilling oil in a country that already violated human rights and had no way to enforce human rights policies. To combat the buzz that AI was trying to create, it immediately publicised how Shell was helping to improve overall life in Nigeria. Salil Shetty, the director of Amnesty, said, "Social media re-energises the idea of the global citizen". James M. Russell notes how the drive for profit from private media sources conflicts with the stories that AI wants to be heard.
Amnesty International was proactive in pushing for recognition of the universality of human rights. The campaign 'Get Up, Sign Up' marked 50 years of the UDHR. Thirteen million pledges were collected in support, and the Decl music concert was held in Paris on 10 December 1998 (Human Rights Day). At the intergovernmental level, Amnesty International argued in favour of creating an United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (established 1993) and an International Criminal Court (established 2002).
After his arrest in London in 1998 by the Metropolitan Police, Amnesty International became involved in the legal battle of Senator Pinochet, a former Chilean President, who sought to avoid extradition to Spain to face charges. Lord Hoffman had an indirect connection with Amnesty International, and this led to an important test for the appearance of bias in legal proceedings in UK law. There was a suit against the decision to release Senator Pinochet, taken by the then British Home Secretary Mr Jack Straw, before that decision had actually been taken, in an attempt to prevent the release of Senator Pinochet. The English High Court refused the application and Senator Pinochet was released and returned to Chile. This legal challenge was a novel attempt to use legal process to challenge a decision before it was taken and could be seen as hard to reconcile with the rule of law, as it was predicated on a presumption that the Home Secretary had erred in law whatever the reasons were for the decision.
2000s.
After 2000, Amnesty International's agenda turned to the challenges arising from globalisation and the reaction to the 11 September 2001 attacks in the United States. The issue of globalisation provoked a major shift in Amnesty International policy, as the scope of its work was widened to include economic, social and cultural rights, an area that it had declined to work on in the past. Amnesty International felt this shift was important, not just to give credence to its principle of the indivisibility of rights, but because of what it saw as the growing power of companies and the undermining of many nation states as a result of globalisation.
In the aftermath of 11 September attacks, the new Amnesty International Secretary General, Irene Khan, reported that a senior government official had said to Amnesty International delegates: "Your role collapsed with the collapse of the Twin Towers in New York". In the years following the attacks, some believe that the gains made by human rights organisations over previous decades had possibly been eroded. Amnesty International argued that human rights were the basis for the security of all, not a barrier to it. Criticism came directly from the Bush administration and "The Washington Post", when Khan, in 2005, likened the US government's detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to a Soviet Gulag.
During the first half of the new decade, Amnesty International turned its attention to violence against women, controls on the world arms trade, concerns surrounding the effectiveness of the UN, and ending torture. With its membership close to two million by 2005, Amnesty continued to work for prisoners of conscience.
In 2007, AI's executive committee decided to support access to abortion "within reasonable gestational limits...for women in cases of rape, incest or violence, or where the pregnancy jeopardizes a mother's life or health".
Amnesty International reported, concerning the Iraq War, on 17 March 2008, that despite claims the security situation in Iraq has improved in recent months, the human rights situation is disastrous, after the start of the war five years ago in 2003.
In 2008 Amnesty International launched a mobile donating campaign in the United States, which allows supporters to make $5 micro-donations by sending a text message to the short code 90999 with the keyword RIGHTS. Amnesty International's mobile fund raising campaign was created in partnership with Mgive and the Mobile Giving Foundation.
In 2009 Amnesty International accused Israel and the Palestinian Hamas movement of committing war crimes during Israel's January offensive in Gaza, called Operation Cast Lead, that resulted in the deaths of more than 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israelis. The 117-page Amnesty report charged Israeli forces with killing hundreds of civilians and wanton destruction of thousands of homes. Amnesty found evidence of Palestinian militants using human shields to stop Israeli attacks. A subsequent United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict was carried out; Amnesty stated that its findings were consistent with those of Amnesty's own field investigation, and called on the UN to act promptly to implement the mission's recommendations.
2010s.
In February 2010, Amnesty suspended Gita Sahgal, its gender unit head, after she criticised Amnesty for its links with Moazzam Begg, Director of a campaign group called Cageprisoners. She had called the links "a gross error of judgment" that risked Amnesty's reputation on human rights, and said it was wrong to ally with "Britain's most famous supporter of the Taliban". Amnesty responded that Sahgal was not suspended "for raising these issues internally... speaks about his own views ..., not Amnesty International's." Among those who spoke up for Saghal were Salman Rushdie ("Amnesty ... has done its reputation incalculable damage... It looks very much as if Amnesty's leadership is suffering from a kind of moral bankruptcy, and has lost the ability to distinguish right from wrong"), Member of Parliament Denis MacShane, Joan Smith, Christopher Hitchens, Martin Bright, Melanie Phillips, and Nick Cohen.
In February 2011, Amnesty requested that Swiss authorities start a criminal investigation of former US President George W. Bush and arrest him.
In July 2011, Amnesty International celebrated its 50 years with an animated short film directed by Carlos Lascano, produced by Eallin Motion Art and Dreamlife Studio, with music by Academy Award winner Hans Zimmer and nominee Lorne Balfe. The film shows that the fight for humanity is not yet over.
Principles.
The core principle of Amnesty International is a focus on prisoners of conscience, those persons imprisoned or prevented from expressing any opinion other than violence. Along with this commitment to opposing repression of freedom of expression, Amnesty International's founding principles included non-intervention on political questions and a robust commitment to gathering facts about the various cases. 
One key issue in the principles is in regards to those individuals who may advocate or tacitly support resort to violence in struggles against repression. AI does not judge whether recourse to violence is justified or not. However, AI does not oppose the political use of violence in itself since The Universal Declaration of Human Rights, in its preamble, foresees situations in which people could "be compelled to have recourse, as a last resort, to rebellion against tyranny and oppression". If a prisoner is serving a sentence imposed, after a fair trial, for activities involving violence, AI will not ask the government to release the prisoner. 
AI neither supports nor condemns the resort to violence by political opposition groups in itself, just as AI neither supports nor condemns a government policy of using military force in fighting against armed opposition movements. However, AI supports minimum humane standards that should be respected by governments and armed opposition groups alike. When an opposition group tortures or kills its captives, takes hostages, or commits deliberate and arbitrary killings, AI condemns these abuses.
Amnesty International opposes capital punishment in all cases, regardless of the crime committed, the circumstances surrounding the individual or the method of execution.
Work.
There are six key areas which Amnesty deals with:
Some specific aims are to: abolish the death penalty, end extra judicial executions and "disappearances," ensure prison conditions meet international human rights standards, ensure prompt and fair trial for all political prisoners, ensure free education to all children worldwide, decriminalise abortion, fight impunity from systems of justice, end the recruitment and use of child soldiers, free all prisoners of conscience, promote economic, social and cultural rights for marginalised communities, protect human rights defenders, promote religious tolerance, protect LGBT rights, stop torture and ill-treatment, stop unlawful killings in armed conflict, uphold the rights of refugees, migrants, and asylum seekers, and protect human dignity.
To further these aims, Amnesty International has developed several techniques to publicise information and mobilise public opinion. The organisation considers as one of its strengths the publication of impartial and accurate reports. Reports are researched by: interviewing victims and officials, observing trials, working with local human rights activists, and monitoring the media. It aims to issue timely press releases and publishes information in newsletters and on web sites. It also sends official missions to countries to make courteous but insistent inquiries.
Campaigns to mobilise public opinion can take the form of individual, country, or thematic campaigns. Many techniques are deployed, such as direct appeals (for example, letter writing), media and publicity work, and public demonstrations. Often, fund-raising is integrated with campaigning.
In situations which require immediate attention, Amnesty International calls on existing urgent action networks or crisis response networks; for all other matters, it calls on its membership. It considers the large size of its human resources to be another of its key strengths.
The role of Amnesty International has an immense impact on getting citizens onboard(sic) with focusing on human rights issues. These groups influence countries and governments to give their people justice with pressure and in man power. An example of Amnesty International's work, which began in the 1960s, is writing letters to free imprisoned people that were put there for non-violent expressions. The group now has power, attends sessions, and became a source of information for the U.N. The increase in participation of non-governmental organisations changes how we live today. Felix Dodds states in a recent document that, "In 1972 there were 39 democratic countries in the world; by 2002, there were 139." This shows that non-governmental organisations make enormous leaps within a short period of time for human rights.
Country focus.
Amnesty reports disproportionately on relatively more democratic and open countries, arguing that its intention is not to produce a range of reports which statistically represents the world's human rights abuses, but rather to apply the pressure of public opinion to encourage improvements. The demonstration effect of the behaviour of both key Western governments and major non-Western states is an important factor: as one former Amnesty Secretary-General pointed out, "for many countries and a large number of people, the United States is a model," and according to one Amnesty manager, "large countries inﬂuence small countries." In addition, with the end of the Cold War, Amnesty felt that a greater emphasis on human rights in the North was needed to improve its credibility with its Southern critics by demonstrating its willingness to report on human rights issues in a truly global manner.
According to one academic study, as a result of these considerations the frequency of Amnesty's reports is influenced by a number of factors, besides the frequency and severity of human rights abuses. For example, Amnesty reports significantly more (than predicted by human rights abuses) on more economically powerful states; and on countries which receive US military aid, on the basis that this Western complicity in abuses increases the likelihood of public pressure being able to make a difference. In addition, around 1993–94, Amnesty consciously developed its media relations, producing fewer background reports and more press releases, to increase the impact of its reports. Press releases are partly driven by news coverage, to use existing news coverage as leverage to discuss Amnesty's human rights concerns. This increases Amnesty's focus on the countries the media is more interested in.
In 2012, Kristyan Benedict, Amnesty UK's campaign manager, listed several countries as "regimes who abuse peoples' basic universal rights": Burma, Iran, Israel, North Korea and Sudan.
Amnesty's country focus is similar to that of some other comparable NGOs, notably Human Rights Watch: between 1991 and 2000, Amnesty and HRW shared eight of ten countries in their "top ten" (by Amnesty press releases; 7 for Amnesty reports). In addition, six of the 10 countries most reported on by Human Rights Watch in the 1990s also made "The Economist's" and "Newsweek's" "most covered" lists during that time.
In August 2012 Amnesty International' chief executive in India, sought an impartial investigation, led by the United Nations, to render justice to those affected by war crimes in Sri Lanka.
Artists For Amnesty.
Amnesty International, through its "Artists For Amnesty" program has also endorsed various cultural media works for what its leadership often consider accurate or educational treatments of real-world topics which fall within the range of Amnesty's concern:
Organisation.
Amnesty International is largely made up of voluntary members, but retains a small number of paid professionals. In countries in which Amnesty International has a strong presence, members are organised as 'sections'. Sections co-ordinate basic Amnesty International activities normally with a significant number of members, some of whom will form into 'groups', and a professional staff. Each have a board of directors. In 2005 there were 52 sections worldwide. 'Structures' are aspiring sections. They also co-ordinate basic activities but have a smaller membership and a limited staff. In countries where no section or structure exists, people can become 'international members'. Two other organisational models exist: 'international networks', which promote specific themes or have a specific identity, and 'affiliated groups', which do the same work as section groups, but in isolation.
The organisations outlined above are represented by the International Council (IC) which is led by the IC Chairperson. Members of sections and structures have the right to appoint one or more representatives to the Council according to the size of their membership. The IC may invite representatives from International Networks and other individuals to meetings, but only representatives from sections and structures have voting rights. The function of the IC is to appoint and hold accountable internal governing bodies and to determine the direction of the movement. The IC convenes every two years.
The International Executive Committee (IEC), led by the IEC Chairperson, consists of eight members and the IEC Treasurer. It is elected by, and represents, the IC and meets biannually. The role of the IEC is to take decisions on behalf of Amnesty International, implement the strategy laid out by the IC, and ensure compliance with the organisation's statutes.
The International Secretariat (IS) is responsible for the conduct and daily affairs of Amnesty International under direction from the IEC and IC. It is run by approximately 500 professional staff members and is headed by a Secretary General. The IS operates several work programmes; International Law and Organisations; Research; Campaigns; Mobilisation; and Communications. Its offices have been located in London since its establishment in the mid-1960s.
Funding.
Amnesty International is financed largely by fees and donations from its worldwide membership. It says that it does not accept donations from governments or governmental organisations. According to the AI website, "these personal and unaffiliated donations allow AI to maintain full independence from any and all governments, political ideologies, economic interests or religions. We neither seek nor accept any funds for human rights research from governments or political parties and we accept support only from businesses that have been carefully vetted. By way of ethical fundraising leading to donations from individuals, we are able to stand firm and unwavering in our defence of universal and indivisible human rights."
However, AI did receive grants from the UK Department for International Development, the European Commission, the United States State Department. and other governments
Charitable Status.
In the UK Amnesty International has two principal arms, Amnesty International UK and Amnesty International Charity Ltd. Both are UK-based organisations but only the latter is a charity.
Criticism.
Criticism of Amnesty International includes claims of excessive pay for management, underprotection of overseas staff, associating with organisations with a dubious record on human rights protection, selection bias, ideological/foreign policy bias against either non-Western countries or Western-supported countries, and criticism of Amnesty's policies relating to abortion. Governments and their supporters have criticised Amnesty's criticism of their policies, including those of Canada, China, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Iran, Israel, Saudi Arabia, Vietnam, Russia and the United States, for what they assert is one-sided reporting or a failure to treat threats to security as a mitigating factor. The actions of these governments—and of other governments critical of Amnesty International—have been the subject of human rights concerns voiced by Amnesty. As of February 2011, Amnesty is engaged in a dispute with the British union Unite over Amnesty allegedly attempting to de-recognize some of its foreign-based workers' rights.
Pay controversy.
In February 2011, newspaper stories in the UK revealed that Irene Khan had received a payment of UK£533,103 from Amnesty International following her resignation from the organisation on 31 December 2009, a fact pointed to from Amnesty's records for the 2009–2010 financial year. The sum paid to her was in excess of four times her annual salary of £132,490. The deputy secretary general, Kate Gilmore – who also resigned in December 2009 – received an ex-gratia payment of £320,000. Peter Pack, the chairman of Amnesty's International Executive Committee (IEC), initially stated on 19 February 2011, "The payments to outgoing secretary general Irene Khan shown in the accounts of AI (Amnesty International) Ltd for the year ending 31 March 2010 include payments made as part of a confidential agreement between AI Ltd and Irene Khan." and that "It is a term of this agreement that no further comment on it will be made by either party."
The payment and AI's initial response to its leakage to the press led to considerable outcry. Philip Davies, the Conservative MP for Shipley, decried the payment, telling the "Daily Express", "I am sure people making donations to Amnesty, in the belief they are alleviating poverty, never dreamed they were subsidising a fat cat payout. This will disillusion many benefactors." On 21 February Peter Pack issued a further statement, in which he said that the payment was a "unique situation" that was "in the best interest of Amnesty's work" and that there would be no repetition of it. He stated that "the new secretary general, with the full support of the IEC, has initiated a process to review our employment policies and procedures to ensure that such a situation does not happen again." Pack also stated that Amnesty was "fully committed to applying all the resources that we receive from our millions of supporters to the fight for human rights". On 25 February, Pack issued a more complete statement intended for internal circulation among Amnesty members and staff. In summary, it states that the IEC in 2008 had decided not to prolong Khan's contract for a third term. In the following months, IEC discovered that due to British employment law, it had to choose between the three options of either offering Khan a third term, discontinuing her post and potentially risking legal consequences, or signing a confidential agreement and issuing a pay compensation.
Notes.
a. Anthropologist Linda Rabben refers to the origin of Amnesty as a "creation myth" with a "kernel of truth": "The immediate impetus to form Amnesty did come from Peter Benenson's righteous indignation while reading a newspaper in the London tube on 19 November 1960." Historian Tom Buchanan traced the origins story to a radio broadcast by Peter Benenson in 1962. 4 March 1962 BBC news story did not refer to a "toast to liberty", but Benenson said his tube ride was on 19 December 1960. Buchanan was unable to find the newspaper article about the Portuguese students in "The Daily Telegraph" for either month. Buchanan found many news stories reporting on the repressive Portuguese political arrests in "The Times" for November 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18947899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947899" title="Anti-intellectualism">
Anti-intellectualism

Anti-intellectualism is hostility towards and mistrust of intellect, intellectuals, and intellectual pursuits, usually expressed as the derision of education, philosophy, literature, art, and science, as impractical and contemptible. Alternatively, self-described intellectuals who are alleged to fail to adhere to rigorous standards of scholarship may be described as anti-intellectuals although pseudo-intellectualism is a more commonly, and perhaps more accurately, used description for this phenomenon.
In public discourse, anti-intellectuals are usually perceived and publicly present themselves as champions of the common folk—populists against political elitism and academic elitism—proposing that the educated are a social class detached from the everyday concerns of the majority, and that they dominate political discourse and higher education.
Because "anti-intellectual" can be pejorative, defining specific cases of anti-intellectualism can be troublesome; one can object to specific facets of intellectualism or the application thereof without being dismissive of intellectual pursuits in general. Moreover, allegations of anti-intellectualism can constitute an appeal to authority or an appeal to ridicule that attempts to discredit an opponent rather than specifically addressing his or her arguments.
Anti-intellectualism is a common facet of totalitarian dictatorships to oppress political dissent. The Nazi party's populist rhetoric featured anti-intellectualism as a common motif, including Adolf Hitler's political polemic, "Mein Kampf". Perhaps its most extreme political form was during the 1970s in Cambodia under the rule of Pol Pot and the Khmer Rouge, when people were killed for being academics or even for merely wearing eyeglasses (as it suggested literacy) in the Killing Fields.
Distrust of intellectuals.
Economist Thomas Sowell argues for distinctions between unreasonable and reasonable wariness of intellectuals. Defining intellectuals as "people whose occupations deal primarily with ideas" as distinct from those who apply ideas practically, Sowell argues that there can be good cause for distrust of intellectuals. When working in their fields of expertise, intellectuals have increased knowledge. However, when compared to other careers, Sowell suggests intellectuals have few disincentives for speaking outside their expertise, and are less likely to face the consequences of their errors. For example, a physician is judged by effective treatment, yet might face malpractice lawsuits if he harms a patient. In contrast, a university professor with tenure is less likely to be judged by the effectiveness of his ideas and less likely to face repercussions for his errors:
By encouraging, or even requiring, students to take stands where they have neither the knowledge nor the intellectual training to seriously examine complex issues, teachers promote the expression of unsubstantiated opinions, the venting of uninformed emotions, and the habit of acting on those opinions and emotions, while ignoring or dismissing opposing views, without having either the intellectual equipment or the personal experience to weigh one view against another in any serious way.
Sowell discusses intellectual influence, labeling schoolteachers as what he calls "intelligentsia" who recruit children, beginning in elementary school, to advocate for or against issues as part of "community service" projects, which will later assist them in the college application process. In this manner, intellectuals participate in other areas where they may possess no prior knowledge at all in order to influence public policy issues. The author argues that as a result, they encourage their students to formulate opinions "without any intellectual training or prior knowledge of those issues, making constraints against falsity few or non-existent."
Similar arguments have been made by others. Historian Paul Johnson argued that a close examination of 20th-century history reveals that intellectuals have championed innumerable disastrous public policies, writing, "beware intellectuals. Not merely should they be kept well away from the levers of power, they should also be objects of suspicion when they seek to offer collective advice." Journalist Tom Wolfe described an intellectual as "a person knowledgable in one field who speaks out only in others."
Such views form the basis of an episode of the American animation series "The Simpsons", "They Saved Lisa's Brain", in which one of the protagonists joins the local branch of Mensa that through a bizarre series of events, subsequently finds itself in complete charge of the local town of Springfield. Considering themselves to be intellectually superior to the rest of the townsfolk, they high-handedly implement a series of ostensibly logical but socially disruptive public policies that antagonize the rest of the town, with disastrous consequences, and are eventually rebuked by Stephen Hawking who appeared as himself.
Authoritarianism.
In the 20th century, intellectuals were systematically demoted or expelled from the power structures, and, occasionally, assassinated. In Argentina in 1966, the military dictatorship of Juan Carlos Onganía intervened and dislodged many faculties, leading to a massive brain drain in an event which was called The Night of the Long Police Batons. The biochemist César Milstein reports that when the military usurped Argentine government, they declared: "our country would be put in order, as soon as all the intellectuals who were meddling in the region were expelled". In Brazil, the educator Paulo Freire was banished for being ignorant, according to the organizers of the "coup d’ État" of the moment.
Extreme ideological dictatorships, such as the Khmer Rouge regime in Kampuchea (1975–79), killed potential opponents with more than elementary education. In achieving their Year Zero social engineering of Cambodia, they assassinated anyone suspected of "involvement in free-market activities". The suspected Cambodian populace included professionals and almost every educated man and woman, city-dwellers, and people with connections to foreign governments. Doctrinally, the Maoist Khmer Rouge designated the farmers as the true proletariat, as the true representatives of the working class, hence the anti-intellectual purge (cf. Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution, 1966–76).
Governmental anti-intellectualism ranges from closing public libraries and public schools, to segregating intellectuals in an Ivory Tower ghetto, to official declarations that intellectuals tend to mental illness, thus facilitating psychiatric imprisonment, then scapegoating to divert popular discontent from the dictatorship (see the USSR and Fascist Italy, cf. Antonio Gramsci).
Moreover, anti-intellectualism is neither always violent, nor oppressive, because most any social group can exercise contempt for intellect, intellectualism, and education. To wit, the Uruguayan writer Jorge Majfud said that "this contempt, that arises from a power installed in the social institutions and from the inferiority complex of its actors, is not a property of "underdeveloped" countries. In fact, it is always the critical intellectuals, writers, or artists who head the top-ten lists of 'The Most Stupid of the Stupid' in the country."
Educational anti-intellectualism.
In the English-speaking world, especially in the US, critics like David Horowitz ("viz." the David Horowitz Freedom Center), William Bennett, an ex-US secretary of education, and paleoconservative activist Patrick Buchanan, criticize schools and universities as 'intellectualist'.
In his book "The Campus Wars" about the widespread student protests of the late 1960s, philosopher John Searle wrote:
In 1972, sociologist Stanislav Andreski warned readers of academic works to be wary of appeals to authority when academics make questionable claims, writing, "do not be impressed by the imprint of a famous publishing house or the volume of an author's publications. [...] Remember that the publishers want to keep the printing presses busy and do not object to nonsense if it can be sold."
Critics have alleged that much of the prevailing philosophy in American academia (i.e., postmodernism, poststructuralism, relativism) are anti-intellectual: "The displacement of the idea that facts and evidence matter by the idea that everything boils down to subjective interests and perspectives is—second only to American political campaigns—the most prominent and pernicious manifestation of anti-intellectualism in our time."
In the notorious Sokal Hoax of the 1990s, physicist Alan Sokal submitted a deliberately preposterous paper to Duke University's "Social Texts" journal to test if, as he later wrote, a leading "culture studies" periodical would "publish an article liberally salted with nonsense if (a) it sounded good and (b) it flattered the editors' ideological preconceptions." "Social Texts" published the paper, seemingly without noting any of the paper's abundant mathematical and scientific errors, leading Sokal to declare that "my little experiment demonstrate, at the very least, that some fashionable sectors of the American academic Left have been getting intellectually lazy."
In a 1995 interview, social critic Camille Paglia described academics (including herself) as "a parasitic class," arguing that during widespread social disruption "the only thing holding this culture together will be masculine men of the working class. The cultural elite—women and men—will be pleading for the plumbers and the construction workers."
In America.
17th century.
In "The Powring Out of the Seven Vials" (1642), the Puritan John Cotton wrote that 'the more learned and witty you bee, the more fit to act for Satan will you bee. ... Take off the fond doting ... upon the learning of the Jesuites, and the glorie of the Episcopacy, and the brave estates of the Prelates. I say bee not deceived by these pompes, empty shewes, and faire representations of goodly condition before the eyes of flesh and blood, bee not taken with the applause of these persons.' Not every Puritan concurred with Cotton's contempt for secular education; some founded universities such as Harvard, Yale, and Dartmouth.
Economist Thomas Sowell argues that American anti-intellectualism can be traced to the early Colonial era, and that wariness of the educated upper-classes is understandable given that America was built, in large part, by people fleeing persecution and brutality at the hands of the educated upper classes. Additionally, rather few intellectuals possessed the practical hands-on skills required to survive in the New World, leading to a deeply rooted suspicion of those who may appear to specialize in "verbal virtuosity" rather than tangible, measurable products or services:
From its colonial beginnings, American society was a "decapitated" society—largely lacking the topmost social layers of European society. The highest elites and the titled aristocracies had little reason to risk their lives crossing the Atlantic and then face the perils of pioneering. Most of the white population of colonial America arrived as indentured servants and the black population as slaves. Later waves of immigrants were disproportionately peasants and proletarians, even when they came from Western Europe [...] The rise of American society to pre-eminence as an economic, political and military power was thus the triumph of the common man and a slap across the face to the presumptions of the arrogant, whether an elite of blood or books.
The source, Thomas Sowell, describes the effect the American Revolution had on the development of American government, as established by the Constitution and Bill of Rights. In his opinion, the tendency to "disregard" the impartiality of the law depending upon "who you are" rather than what the author describes as the impartiality of the "supremacy of the law" conflicts with the American creed of the common man. According to Sowell, this fundamental right uniquely distinguishes the American character, forged by "the beaten men of beaten races," from that of the arrogant and privileged elites of the European aristocracy.
19th century.
In the history of American anti-intellectualism, modern scholars suggest that 19th-century popular culture is important, because, when most of the populace lived a rural life of manual labour and agricultural work, a 'bookish' education, concerned with the Græco-Roman classics, was perceived as of impractical value, ergo unprofitable—yet Americans, generally, were literate and read Shakespeare for pleasure—thus, the ideal "American" man was technically skilled and successful in his trade, ergo a productive member of society. Culturally, the ideal American was a self-made man whose knowledge derived from life-experience, not an intellectual man, whose knowledge derived from books, formal education, and academic study; thus, in "The New Purchase, or Seven and a Half Years in the Far West" (1843), the Reverend Bayard R. Hall, A.M., said about frontier Indiana:
"We always preferred an ignorant bad man to a talented one, and, hence, attempts were usually made to ruin the moral character of a smart candidate; since, unhappily, smartness and wickedness were supposed to be generally coupled, and [like-wise] incompetence and goodness."
Yet, the egghead's worldly redemption was possible if he embraced mainstream mores; thus, in the fiction of O. Henry, a character noted that once an East Coast university graduate 'gets over' his intellectual vanity—no longer thinks himself better than others—he makes just as good a cowboy as any other young man, despite his counterpart being the slow-witted naïf of good heart, a pop culture stereotype from stage shows.
In Europe.
Soviet Union.
In the first decade after the Russian Revolution of 1917, the Bolsheviks suspected the Tsarist intelligentsia as potentially traitorous of the proletariat, thus, the initial Soviet government comprised men and women without much formal education. Lenin derided the old intelligentsia with the expression (roughly translated): 'We ain't completed no academies' (мы академиев не кончали). Moreover, the deposed propertied classes were termed "Lishentsy" ("the disenfranchised"), whose children were excluded from education; eventually, some 200 Tsarist intellectuals were deported to Germany on Philosophers' ships in 1922; others were deported to Latvia and to Turkey in 1923.
During the revolutionary period, the pragmatic Bolsheviks employed "bourgeois experts" to manage the economy, industry, and agriculture, and so learn from them. After the Russian Civil War (1917–23), to achieve socialism, the USSR (1922–91) emphasised literacy and education in service to modernising the country via an educated working class intelligentsia, rather than an Ivory Tower intelligentsia. During the 1930s and the 1950s, Joseph Stalin replaced Lenin's intelligentsia with a "communist" intelligentsia, loyal to him and with a specifically Soviet world view, thereby producing the most egregious examples of Soviet anti-intellectualism—the pseudoscientific theories of Lysenkoism and Japhetic theory, most damaging to biology and linguistics in that country, by subordinating science to a dogmatic interpretation of Marxism.
Fascism.
The idealist philosopher Giovanni Gentile established the intellectual basis of Fascist ideology with the "autoctisi" (self-realisation) via concrete thinking that distinguished between the good (active) intellectual and the bad (passive) intellectual:
To counter the "passive intellectual" who used his or her intellect abstractly, and therefore was "decadent", he proposed the "concrete thinking" of the active intellectual who applied intellect as praxis—a "man of action", like Fascist Benito Mussolini, versus the decadent Communist intellectual Antonio Gramsci. The passive intellectual stagnates intellect by objectifying ideas, thus establishing them as objects. Hence the Fascist rejection of materialist logic, because it relies upon "a priori" principles improperly counter-changed with "a posteriori" ones that are irrelevant to the matter-in-hand in deciding whether or not to act.
In the praxis of Gentile's concrete thinking criteria, such consideration of the "a priori" toward the properly "a posteriori" constitutes "impractical", decadent intellectualism. Moreover, this fascist philosophy occurred parallel to Actual Idealism, his philosophic system; he opposed intellectualism for its being disconnected from the active intelligence that gets things done, i.e. thought is killed when its constituent parts are labelled, and thus rendered as discrete entities.
Related to this, is the confrontation between the Spanish franquist General, Millán Astray, and the writer Miguel de Unamuno during the "Dia de la Raza" celebration at the University of Salamanca, in 1936, during the Spanish Civil War. The General exclaimed: "¡Muera la inteligencia! ¡Viva la Muerte!" ("Death to intelligence! Long live death!"); the Falangists applauded.
Asian anti-intellectualism.
China.
Imperial China.
Qin Shi Huang (246–210 BC), the first Emperor of unified China, consolidated political thought, and power, by suppressing freedom of speech at the suggestion of Chancellor Li Si, who justified such anti-intellectualism by accusing the intelligentsia of falsely praising the emperor, and of dissenting through libel. From 213 to 206 BC, it was generally thought that the works of the Hundred Schools of Thought were incinerated, especially the "Shi Jing" (Classic of Poetry, c. 1000 BC) and the "Shujing" (Classic of History, c. 6th century BC). The exceptions were books by Qin historians, and books of Legalism, an early type of totalitarianism—and the Chancellor's philosophic school. (see the Burning of books and burying of scholars).
However, upon further inspection of Chinese historical annals like Shi Ji and Han Shu, this was not the case. The Qin Empire kept every one copy of these books in the Imperial Library; ordered that the books should be banned in public. Thus, everyone who was stashing these works were given an appointed time to submit the books to be burned; anyone who violated this command were executed.
Modern Chinese scholars also argued that most ancient work of literature and philosophy were not destroyed by Qin Dynasty; It was mostly destroyed by Xiang Yu when he burned down the Qin palace.
People's Republic of China.
The Cultural Revolution was a politically violent decade (1966–76) of wide-ranging social engineering of the People's Republic of China by its leader Chairman Mao. After several national policy failures, Mao, to regain public prestige and control of the Communist Party of China (CCP), on 16 May, announced that the Party and Chinese society were permeated with liberal bourgeois elements who meant to restore capitalism to China, and that said people could only be removed with post–Revolutionary class struggle. To that effect, China's youth nationally organised into Red Guards, paramilitaries hunting the liberal bourgeois elements subverting the CCP and Chinese society. The Red Guards acted nationally, purging the country, the military, urban workers, and the leaders of the CCP, until there remained no one politically dangerous to Mao. Three years later, in 1969, Mao declared the Cultural Revolution ended; yet the political intrigues continued until 1976, concluding with the arrest of the Gang of Four, the "de facto" end of the Cultural Revolution.
Democratic Kampuchea.
When the Communist Party of Cambodia, the Khmer Rouge (1951–81), established their regime as Democratic Kampuchea (1975–1979) in Cambodia, their anti-intellectualism idealised the country and demonised the cities to establish agrarian socialism, thus, they emptied cities to purge the Khmer nation of every traitor, enemy of the state, and intellectual, often symbolised by eyeglasses (see the Killing Fields).

</doc>
<doc id="18947902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947902" title="Aviemore">
Aviemore

Aviemore (; ) is a town and tourist resort, situated within the Cairngorms National Park in the Highlands of Scotland. It is in the Badenoch and Strathspey committee area, within the Highland council area. The town is popular for skiing and other winter sports, and for hill-walking in the Cairngorm Mountains. There are excellent views of the Cairngorms from various places within the town, especially from the railway station. The Aviemore stone circle is located within a residential neighbourhood of the town.
Geography.
Aviemore lies on the B9152 (the "old" A9 road since the main road from Inverness to Perth was rebuilt further west in 1980). Aviemore railway station is on the Highland Main Line and Aviemore is also the southern terminus of the Strathspey Railway, a heritage railway.
History.
Prior to 1790 it was in an exclave of the county of Moray and from 1890 to 1975 it was in the county of Inverness-shire, until the later date being within the Civil Parish of Duthil and Rothiemurchus. The village began to grow as a result of it becoming a railway junction in 1898, following which the Highland Railway became a major emp constructing housing for its staff and the Aviemore Hotel. Aviemore became one of the first skiing resorts to be established in Scotland with the opening of the chairlift in 1961 and is also notable for being near the freely grazing reindeer herd at Glen More, the only one in the United Kingdom.The resort has since grown into Britain's most visited ski resort during the winter months.
The Aviemore Hotel was destroyed by fire in 1950, and its site and that of its Golf course were used in the 1960s for the construction of the Aviemore Centre. It was opened by Lady Fraser of Allander in 1966, (wife of Sir Hugh Fraser 2nd Baronet- House of Fraser). "The Centre", as it became affectionately known, quickly developed into a major Scottish tourist destination, and in its heyday royalty were regular visitors, including Prince Charles and Princess Anne who attended Royal Hunt Balls hosted in the Aviemore Centre's Osprey Rooms. The very popular BBC TV show "It's A Christmas Knockout" was held in the complex twice in the 1970s.
In around 1998 many of the original John Poulson buildings were demolished as part of a promised £50 million overhaul. Although the visitor buildings were replaced, many of the other leisure facilities were not. In 2006 a privately led tourist organisation began a programme of attracting tourists to the area. Aviemore Centre now consists of a publicly accessible swimming pool with flume, health spa, 4 hotels and a 4 restaurants including Giovanni's Italian restaurant.
Clubs and pubs.
Aviemore contains a wide selection of pubs and clubs. With the Cairngorm Brewery situated inside the town, most pubs offer a selection of the beers including "Sheepshaggers Gold" and "Tradewinds". The Cairngorm Hotel, which sits in the centre of the town has a selection of beers and whiskies. Aviemore now has two nightclubs, The Vault and the new "Two Hoots" nightclub recently opened as an extension from The Winking Owl Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="18947908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947908" title="Willem II Berthout">
Willem II Berthout

William II Berthout of Mechelen (died near De Meern, 4 February 1301) was bishop of Utrecht from 1296 to 1301, succeeding Jan II van Sierck. He was a leader of the Berthout family, which ruled over the Heerlijkheid of Mechelen.
William was appointed without intervention from the chapters by pope Boniface VIII because of his anti-French and pro-English attitude. He tried in vain to get back his lost lordships of Amstelland and Woerden until the death of count Floris V of Holland. When he returned from a trip to Rome he found so much opposition to him in the Sticht that he sought refuge in Amersfoort. In 1300 Boniface VIII suspended him as bishop since he had not paid back debts owed to the papal treasury, but when he paid these debts the suspension was lifted and he remained bishop until his death in battle against a coalition of the Dutch and his own rebellious subjects. His intended successor as bishop, Adolf II of Waldeck, was passed over in favour of Guy of Avesnes.

</doc>
<doc id="18947910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947910" title="Aberrant">
Aberrant

Aberrant is a role-playing game created by White Wolf Game Studio in 1999, set in 2008 in a world where super-powered humans started appearing one day in 1998. It is the middle setting in the greater Trinity Universe timeline, chronologically situated about 90 years after "Adventure!", White Wolf's Pulp era game, and over a century before the psionic escapades of "Trinity/Aeon". The game deals with how the players' meta-human characters (called "novas") fit into a mundane world when they most definitely are "not" mundane, as well as how the mundane populace react to the sudden emergence of novas. The original "Aberrant" product line was discontinued in 2002, though a d20 System version was released in 2004. Onyx Path Publishing has recently acquired the rights to the Trinity Universe and has announced its intention to release a new edition of "Aberrant".
Setting.
"Aberrant" is the middle game of the Trinity Universe, and is thus the prequel to "Trinity" and the sequel to "Adventure!". "Trinity" details the future history of the novas, over a 60-year span of time, while "Adventure!" covers the dawn of this setting in the 1920s.
"Aberrant" is unique among the publisher's game-lines for having no particular castes or "character classes". Aside from this, it shares with many other White Wolf games a tendency to embrace "shades of gray" morality and reject the traditional superhero trope of "heroes vs. villains".
Powers.
Super powers in "Aberrant" come from an individual's ability to manipulate energy at the "quantum" sub-atomic level. Since individuals who can do this have an imperfect understanding of quantum mechanics, their powers are limited by their subconscious and usually follow a specific "path" or are linked to a specific focus. For instance, all the powers of the nova called Anteus revolve around nature; he can teleport by stepping into a tree and out of another tree of the same type somewhere else, create new species of animals, or alter the normal course of life and death for plants and animals. All his powers follow his focus of nature. Other novas have other foci such as plasma, fire, water, shapechanging, or invulnerability.
Taint.
As a nova's ability to touch the quantum fabric of the world grows, he begins to experience "Taint", the side effects of channelling larger amounts of energy. Taint is the 'non-humanness' side of quantum manipulation and at higher levels novas begin to show either physical or mental defects. These defects vary widely; examples might include a tentacle growing from one's stomach, sociopathic disorders, hair made of flames, odd skin composition (such as rubber), a power that is "always on", megalomania, or continual radiation.
Factions.
The metaplot revolves around the interactions between various factions, most of which employ Nova agents. Among the most important are:
Various smaller groups exist, most of which are focused on more specific goals. Players' characters generally belong to one of the above factions, work for a specific corporation, or hire themselves out for odd jobs, often as mercenaries or troubleshooters.
System.
"Aberrant" uses a modified version of the "Storyteller System". A character adds his attribute to his skill (or power as the case may be) and rolls that many 10 sided dice. Any dice that comes up as a 7 or higher counts as 1 success. Accomplishing different tasks requires different numbers of successes to accomplish. Flying a plane may only require 1 success, but flying a 747 with a near fatal wound, all the rest of the crew dead, and no hydraulic pressure could require 5 or more successes. 
The first major difference with "Aberrant" is that in addition to normal attributes such as Dexterity, Manipulation and Wits, novas have what are called "Mega-Attributes". Scores in such attributes may be added as dice every time a character makes a roll using the linked mundane attribute, but Mega-Attributes are much more powerful. Every success rolled using mega attribute dice count as 2 normal successes, and rolling a 10 counts as 3 successes. Alternatively, the scores in a Mega-Attribute may be used to reduce the difficulty on a one for one basis, though never below needing one success. The player can choose each turn which way to use his Mega-Attribute, and can even split the points between the two ways.
Powers are treated almost exactly like skills except that they come in different levels of power. Level 1 powers are comparatively weak, while level 6 powers can do nearly anything (one level 6 power is 'Universe Creation'). Lower level powers are cheaper to purchase with experience, while higher level powers cost more. There are a wide range of powers from controlling any single element (fire, gravity, entropy, quantum, magnetism, etc...), to flying, to mental domination, to imperviousness, to time travel, and teleportation.
Books.
Several books were in the works for "Aberrant" at the time of its cancellation, most notably the three "Mega-Books," each of which focused on what it might be like to have Mega-Social, Mega-Mental, or Mega-Physical Attributes, while also shedding light on some other element of the Aberrant setting. The first of these Mega-Books, called "Aberrant: Cult of Personality", took a close look at Social Mega-Attributes and also examined the rise of nova-led cults. This book was complete and waiting for art at the time of the game's cancellation. The second of the Mega-Books, called "Aberrant: Brainwaves", was going to examine Mental Mega-Attributes and provide comprehensive rules for "gadgeteers," those novas who use their vast minds to build amazing devices. The last of the Mega-Books, tentatively titled "Aberrant: Brute Force", would address the standard Physical Mega-Attributes while also providing players with background and rules for civic defenders, novas employed by cities to act as crime fighters/public relations operatives.

</doc>
<doc id="18947915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947915" title="Tabanoidea">
Tabanoidea

Superfamily Tabanoidea are insects in the order Diptera.
Systematics.
Tabanoidea

</doc>
<doc id="18947916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947916" title="Ignacio Warnes">
Ignacio Warnes

José Ignacio Warnes y García de Zúñiga (Buenos Aires, 1772 – El Parí, 1816) was an Argentine soldier who fought in the Argentine War of Independence. Son of the mayor of the city of Buenos Aires Manuel Antonio Warnes y Durango and Ana Jacoba García de Zúñiga y Lizola. His sister Manuela married José Joaquín Prieto, president of Chile.
Career.
He enlisted in the Blandengues army regiment when very young. Between 1806 and 1807 he fought against the British invasions. In 1810 he supported the May Revolution, joining the revolutionary army with the rank of lieutenant. He was part of Manuel Belgrano's expedition, which fought the royalist army in Paraguay.
He was taken prisoner during the Paraguay campaign at Tacuarí, and was later released rejoining the forces that later would fight in the Army of the North campaigns under general Belgrano. Warnes distinguished himself at the battles of Tucumán and Salta, when the army attempted the liberation of Upper Peru (present-day Bolivia). He also fought with distinction in the defeats of Vilcapugio and Ayohuma.
Santa Cruz de la Sierra.
After these battles, Belgrano ordered him to command (1813) a troop to advance through the Gran Chaco to liberate Santa Cruz de la Sierra. Warnes was successful and assumed the government of the city. Theoretically he was bound to the authority of the province of Cochabamba, part of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata, but in practice he worked with absolute independence.
He organized a local army, personally training the men and organizing local arms manufacture. While the rest of the army was retreating to Salta, Warnes mainatined control of his province as military governor. He proved to be a brilliant military organizer. He created battalions of "Pardos y Morenos" (mulattoes), "Coraceros" (heavy infantry) and "Cazadores" ("Hunters" - light infantry). A little by his convictions and in order to recruit and fill the first of these battalions, he decreed the immediate release of slaves in the province.
He did not send help (nor asked) disregarding the insistent pleas from governor Arenales. Even though they disagreed, Arenales proved generous and marched his troops to help when Warnes was defeated by the royalist colonel Blanco at Angostura. Together they defeated the royalists at the battle of La Florida on 25 May 1814. During that battle, Arenales was seriously wounded when attacked by a small enemy party and left for dead, but he suurvived. Following that skirmish, when the battle was almost over, Warnes fought a sabre duel and killed the commander, colonel Blanco.
Reintegrated to the Army of the North, he contacted general Rondeau, offering him horses and cavalry troops, plus services of coordination and messengers. Rondeau, declined the offer and instead sent ex-governor of Córdoba Santiago Carrera to replace Warnes in the government of Santa Cruz. When Carrera arrived, Warnes' supporters revolted and killed Carrera and several of his party.
Defeat and death.
A few days later, when Rondeau was defeated at the Battle of Sipe Sipe, Warnes was again in charge of Santa Cruz "until when this army would return replenished...", as Rondeau told him. But the Army of the North never returned and Warnes was pressured by the royalist army ever more.
In September 1816, colonel Francisco Javier Aguilera, a Santa Cruz native defeated the rebel army at Santa Cruz. Warnes went to help with his 1,000 men and fought Aguilera at El Parí. The royalist cavalry was defeated and Aguilera lost half his men but Warnes was hit by a bullet and killed. Seeing their leader killed, led to a patriot defeat. The few survivors were taken prisoner and executed.
Aguilera entered the city with Warnes' head on a pike. Ignacio Warnes became a hero of Santa Cruz and today there is a city and a province in Bolivia that carry his name.

</doc>
<doc id="18947922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947922" title="Amiga 1200">
Amiga 1200

The Amiga 1200, or A1200 (code-named 'Channel Z'), was Commodore International's third-generation Amiga computer, aimed at the home market. It was launched on October 21, 1992, at a base price of £399 in the United Kingdom and $599 in the United States.
History.
Like its predecessor, the Amiga 500, the A1200 is an all-in-one design incorporating the CPU, keyboard, and disk drives (including the option of an internal 2.5" hard disk drive) in one physical unit. The A1200 has a similar hardware architecture to Commodore's Amiga CD32 game console, and is technically close to the Atari Falcon, which was intended as the A1200's competitor.
Initially, only A1200s were available at the UK launch. During the first year of its life the system reportedly sold well, but Commodore ran into cash flow problems and filed for bankruptcy. World wide sales figures for the A1200 are unknown but 95,000 systems were sold in Germany before Commodore's bankruptcy.
After Commodore’s demise in 1994 the A1200 almost disappeared from the market but was later re-launched by Escom in 1995. The new Escom A1200 was priced at £399 and it came bundled with two games, seven applications and Amiga OS 3.1. It was initially criticized for being priced 150 pounds higher than the Commodore variant had sold for two years prior. It also came with a modified PC floppy disk drive that was incompatible with some Amiga software. The A1200 was finally discontinued in 1996 as the parent company folded.
Design Improvements.
The A1200 offers a number of advantages over earlier budget Amiga models. Specifically, it is a 32-bit design, the 68EC020 microprocessor is faster than the 68000 and has 2 MB of RAM as standard. The AGA chipset used in the A1200 is a significant improvement. AGA increases the color palette from 4096 colors to 16.8 million colors with up to 256 on-screen colors and an improved HAM mode allowing 262,144 on-screen colors. The graphics hardware also features improved sprite capacity and faster graphics performance. Additionally, compared to the A600 the A1200 offered greater expansion possibilities.
Popularity and Criticism.
Although it was a significant upgrade, the A1200 did not sell as well as the earlier Amiga 500 and proved to be Commodore's last budget model before filing for bankruptcy in 1994. This was mainly because the A1200 failed to repeat the technological advantage over competitors like the first Amiga systems. The AGA chipset was something of a disappointment. Commodore had initially been working on a much improved version of the original Amiga chipset, codenamed ""AAA"", but when development fell behind they rushed out the less improved AGA found on A1200, A4000 and CD32 units. While AGA was not notably less capable than its competition, when compared to VGA and its emerging extensions, the Amiga no longer commanded the lead it had in earlier times. Additionally, the Amiga's custom chips cost more to produce than the increasingly ubiquitous commodity chips utilized in PCs, making the A1200 more expensive. Some industry commentators also felt the 68020 microprocessor was already too outdated and that the new system should have been fitted with a 68030 to be competitive.
The gaming market, which had been a major factor in the A500's popularity, was becoming ever more competitive with the emergence of more advanced and less expensive fourth generation console gaming systems, and multimedia-enabled IBM PC compatibles. As a result, fewer retailers carried the A1200, especially in North America. The A1200 also received bad press for being incompatible with a number of Amiga 500 games. Further criticism was directed at the A1200's power supply which was often inadequate in expanded systems, limiting upgrade options that had been popular with earlier Amiga models. Due to less sales and short life-time, much fewer games were produced for A1200 than for previous generation of Amiga computers.
While Commodore never released any official sales figures, Commodore Frankfurt gave a figure of 95,000 Amiga 1200 systems sold in Germany. Worldwide sales of A1200 should be less than 1 million units.
Technical information.
Processor and RAM.
The A1200 has a Motorola 68EC020 CPU. It is noteworthy that, like the 68000, the 68EC020 has a 24-bit address space; allowing for a theoretical maximum of 16 MB of memory. A stock A1200 has 2 MB of inbuilt Chip RAM (Chip RAM cannot be expanded beyond 2 MB). Up to 8 MB of "fast" RAM can be added in the "trapdoor" expansion slot, which approximately doubles (~2.26×) the speed of a stock machine. Various CPU upgrades featuring 68020, 68030, 68040, 68060 and even PowerPC processors were made available by third-party developers. Such upgrades typically utilize faster and greater capacity memory (up to 256 MB).
Graphics and sound.
The A1200 shipped with Commodore's third-generation Amiga chipset, the Advanced Graphics Architecture (AGA), which features improved graphical abilities in comparison to the earlier generations.
However, the sound hardware remains identical to the design used in the Amiga 1000, though the AGA chipset allows higher sampling rates for sound playback, either by using a video mode with higher horizontal scan rate or by using the CPU to drive audio output directly.
Peripherals and expansion.
Like earlier models, the A1200 features several Amiga compatible connectors including two DE9M ports for joysticks, mice, and light pens, a standard 25-pin RS-232 serial port and a 25-pin Centronics parallel port. As a result, the A1200 was compatible with many existing Amiga peripherals, such as external floppy disk drives, MIDI interfaces, sound samplers and video digitizers.
Like the earlier Amiga 600 the A1200 features a PCMCIA Type II slot and an internal 44-pin ATA interface both most commonly seen on laptop computers. The A1200 has internal housing for one 2.5" internal hard disk drive connecting to the ATA controller, though it is also possible to accommodate slim 3.5" drives with suitable cabling and fixings. The 16-bit PCMCIA Type II interface allows use of a number of compatible peripherals available for the laptop market, though only 16-bit (Type II) PCMCIA cards are hardware compatible, newer 32-bit PC Card or CardBus peripherals are incompatible. The PCMCIA implementation is almost identical to the one featured on the earlier A600. A number of Amiga peripherals were released by third-party developers for this connector including SRAM cards, CD-ROM controllers, SCSI controllers, network cards, sound samplers and video digitizers. Later, a number of compatible laptop peripherals have been made to operate with this port including serial modems, wired and wireless network cards and CompactFlash adaptors.
In addition the A1200 features a 32-bit CPU/RAM expansion slot and a feature unique to the A1200, the so-called 'clock port'. The clock port is a remnant of an abandoned design feature for addition of internal RAM and a real time clock. Later, third-party developers put it to use by creating an array of expansions for the A1200, such as, I/O cards, audio cards and even a USB controller. Several CPU boards also have integrated SCSI controllers or even the option to add a graphics card.
One problematic factor for expanding the A1200 is the rather limited 23 watt power supply. Hard disks and even external floppy drives can stress the power supply leading to system instability. The problem can be mitigated by replacing the stock power supply with a higher rated supply, such as the one supplied with the A500.
The A1200 became a popular machine for 'modding'. If one is willing to forgo the A1200's form-fitting desktop case in exchange for further expansion options it is possible to re-house the hardware into alternative casing. Several third-party developers built and supplied popular kits to 'tower up' the A1200 and in essence convert it to a 'big box' Amiga. These expansion kits allow use of PC AT Keyboards, hard disk bays, CD-ROM drives, and Zorro II, Zorro III and PCI expansion slots. Such expansion slots made it possible to use devices not originally intended for the A1200, such as graphic, sound and network cards.
The revision of the A1200 manufactured by Escom was fitted with PC-based 'high density' floppy disk drives that had been downgraded to double density drives. This resulted in some software incompatibility ("PC style drives do not supply a "ready" signal, which signals if there is a floppy in the disk drive.") Escom released a free circuit upgrade to correct this issue.
Operating System.
The first incarnation of the A1200 shipped with Workbench 3.0 and Kickstart 3.0 (revision 39.106), which together provide standard single-user operating system functionality and support for the built-in hardware. The later Amiga Technologies/Escom models shipped with Workbench 3.1 and Kickstart 3.1 (AmigaOS 3.1), though earlier A1200 models can be upgraded by installing compatible Kickstart 3.1 ROM chips. The later AmigaOS 3.5 and 3.9 releases are A1200 compatible as a software update requiring Kickstart 3.1.
AmigaOS 4, a PowerPC native release of the operating system, can be used with the A1200 provided Blizzard PPC PowerPC board is installed. Likewise, MorphOS, an alternative Amiga compatible operating system can be used with this hardware.
Variants of platform-independent operating systems such as Linux and BSD can also be used with the A1200.
Bundled software.
Some software officially bundled with the A1200 included Deluxe Paint IV AGA (2D image and animation editor) and Final Copy (word processor). The Amiga Technologies/Escom version was bundled with applications such as, Scala (multimedia authoring software) and Wordworth (word processor), and games like Pinball Mania and Whizz.
In the UK the Amiga 1200 was available in a bundle known as the 'Desktop Dynamite' Pack which contained Workbench 3.0, Deluxe Paint IV AGA, Wordworth and two games: "Oscar" and "Dennis".

</doc>
<doc id="18947935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947935" title="Heroes and Villains (disambiguation)">
Heroes and Villains (disambiguation)

In narrative, heroes and villains are character archetypes of good and evil, respectively.
Heroes and Villains may also mean:

</doc>
<doc id="18947942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947942" title="Dimitris Liantinis">
Dimitris Liantinis

Dimitris Liantinis (Greek: Δημήτρης Λιαντίνης, also transliterated as "Dimitris Liadinis"; born 23 July 1942, disappeared 1 June 1998) was a Greek philosopher, writer and Deputy Professor of Philosophy in the areas of Education of Ancient and New Greek Literature at the University of Athens. He has written 8 books with the last being "Gemma" ("Γκέμμα").
A great lover of Ancient Greek culture, he devoted his life in studying and reinterpreting their cultural heritage. He wrote about various subjects like morality and death. He emphasised the need of incorporating the Ancient Greek ideas and morals into the modern Greek education system and also held explicit views on the decline of western culture.
He has achieved popularity in Greece because of his strange and unexplained disappearance in the morning of 1.6. 1998 at the age of 56 years. It is thought that he committed suicide in 1998 on the mountains of Taygetos. His last university lecture was delivered on 27 May 1998. In his letter to his family he wrote "I go away by my own will. I disappear standing, strong, and proud."
An online resource (www.liantinis.gr) written and managed by his wife Professor Nikolitsa Georgopoulou contains letters to her, manuscripts, un-edited texts and critical comments for his books.
Life and work.
Liantinis was born in the Laconian village of Liantina (Λιαντίνα) as Demetrios Nikolakakos (Νικολακάκος). He later changed his name to Liantinis to honour his village. He graduated in 1966 from the University of Athens curriculum of Philosophy and worked as a teacher. He moved to Munich in 1970 to study the German language, where he remained until 1972 while at the same time teaching at the Greek school of Otto Gesellschaft. From 1975 to 1988 he was a lecturer and later professor in the National and Kapodestrian University of Athens.
He was the author of nine books, principally on philosophy and education and has translated Friedrich Nietzsche's "Ecce Homo" in the Greek language.
In 1973 he married philosophy professor Nicolitsa Georgopoulou from whom he had a daughter.
Core philosophical views.
Liantinis' system of beliefs was greatly influenced by the philosophy of Ancient Greece as well as the ideals of the Romantic movement and the works of Friedrich Nietzsche. Much of his writings examine what he saw as the moral and intellectual decline of modern Greeks as contrasted with their ancestors. To establish his position further, he devotes a part of his work in an effort to define exactly "what" the real the value of Ancient Greece was as well as the true world-view that they proposed. He argues against the notion that Ancient Greece, although ahead of its time for most of antiquity and perhaps the Middle Ages, was eventually superseded by the advancements in Renaissance Europe. In contrast, he believed that the Greeks possessed a "complete" culture, a kind of super-set for all Western cultures, past and present. In his book "Gemma" for example he argued that "The Greeks did not need psychoanalysis because they had Tragedy" and, again in the same spirit, that in Plato's book "Phaedrus" where the human soul is described as a charioteer guiding two horses, one can clearly identify the Freudian structures of the psyche. The period of true intellectual brilliance will be short lived however and Liantinis wrote that "it would be a sign of honesty if the Greeks where to stop philosophizing right after Aristotle" ["Πολυχρόνιο" 2005]. The last philosophical schools, that of the Garden and the Stoa where products of decline, but from such hights that they at least present themselves as decent. In contrast, today, Greeks are completely unknown as "...for the Europeans [...] we, the 'New-Greeks', are but a faceless bunch, something of a Balko-Turkish Arab. We are the Ortodox misspelled with the Russian-like writing [...] and the domes on our village houses" ["Gemma" 1997].
On this topic, he often touched upon the highly controversial issue of the alleged superiority of Greek to Jewish culture, the former being expressed through the ancient philosophers and folk mythology and the latter through the great Judaic religions of Judaism, Islam and most importantly Christianity.
Death was also central to his work and (as he claimed) that of the Ancient Greeks. He denied the notion of Greece as a culture of playful joyfulness and argued that the Greeks had instead presented us with a world of infinite melancholy, an idea that is consistent with that of Nietzsche's whom he greatly admired. Their philosophy was a study of death and their conclusions where absolute and hard to accept since they saw death as a final end, with no afterlife or moral rewards for the life lived on earth. Liadinis adhered to that notion and once again contrasted it to the less heroic view held in the Judaic religions. This could shed new light on his alleged suicide, by potentially infusing it with great moral courage as he ponders on the distance that separates the man who "honours the natural knowledge that once dead he will vanish [...] and the one who is taught to believe that once dead, he will migrate in some heavenly America" ["Τα Ελληνικά" 1992, p. 126].
Classicism and Romanticism.
Liantinis believed that Romanticism and Classicism were the only two "valid" world-views that constitute both an artistic style and a way of life. He believed these two to be antithetical in nature, as the former is an expression of pure emotions while the latter of logic. He also stated that Goethe tried to marry the two and that his failed experiment was recorded in the , appropriately called "The Quest for Helen", where Faust representing the romantic hero lies in bed with Helen of Troy only to produce a still-born child. Although the story symbolises the impossibility of a task it was deemed so important that many others, like Greece's national poet Dionysios Solomos, took it upon themselves to complete.
Views on education.
Education was central to what he saw as the long struggle of humanity to rise above the animal level and into something so elaborate that it could in turn explain the Universe that created it, a view that is consistent with the Anthropic Principle to which he has made reference. Education is the carrier of this monumental effort and contains the living memories of its People in the forms of language and poetry. These views are expressed mainly in "Homo educandus" and "Τα Ελληνικά" [1992 (roughly translated as 'Greek', the language), where he blamed a part of the moral decline of his contemporaries on the shallowness and rigidity with which modern day teachers transmit knowledge, focusing on form rather than content. Instead he argued for a qualitative understanding of literature and poetry as for example in the need to distinguish between the different value levels of various Greek intellectuals, rather than presenting them as the single entity of "the Great Men of Greek letters". He also spoke about the great difficulty in understanding and teaching poetry within this rigid framework in which formal explanations are valued over deep understanding of meaning.
He advocated for a total separation of Church and State, especially in matters of education since he considers Christianity to be antithetical to Greek thought and one must chose one or the other. Following this stance, he warned against the increasing influence of the then Archbishop Christodoulos of Athens for his involvement in Greek politics.
Greek vs Jewish culture.
This is a vast and highly controversial issue. Liantinis thought of Christianity as the main vessel of Jewish culture in the West and to understand his position better we might want to look at medieval Greek history and the Byzantine Empire, when the church, aligned with the Emperors destroyed what remained of Ancient Greek alongside other Pagan religions, often through brutal means.
Liantinis' argument, however, is not historical. He claims that the Greeks were morally superior, as they had the courage to create a morality that reflected the finite nature of existence rather than imposing it as the divine law of an imaginary God who guarantees eternal life in the heavens. "The sorrowful longing of death, for the Greeks, gave birth to art. Where the fear of death for other people gave birth to religions" ["Τα Ελληνικά" 1992, p. 127]. This harshly realistic view proved hard to maintain and in "Gemma" he writes that "the Jews cultivated the land of faith. The Greeks cultivated the land of knowledge [... the Jews were executioners, the Greeks were judges ... that is why the Jews won". This alleged defeat of Greek culture is featured frequently in his work and is illustrated with a thought experiment found in the same book, where contemporary Europeans are asked about Empedocles, Anaximander, Leucippus and other somewhat lesser known yet important philosophers. He presumes that few if any will answer with conviction, yet the same sample would immediately recognise the biblical figures of Moses, Abraham and Noah. He extends these thoughts to seminal thinkers like Sigmund Freud, Albert Einstein and Karl Marx, the "giant Jews of science" as he called them ["Gemma" 1997], while contemporary Greeks are totally unable to offer anyone of equivalent importance.
Views on death.
According to Liadinis, the notion of death occupied the ancients to such a degree that one could see their whole culture as arising from the radical views they held on the subject. They saw death as an unchanging cosmic law, much like today's notion of entropy, and did not associate whatever afterlife they had conceived with a moral system of reward and punishment (like the ones found in the great Judaic religions). Although individual myths, like that of Sisyphus who was condemned to eternal punishment in the realms of Hades, "did" exist, they were largely exceptions to the rule and never developed into a proper system of beliefs about life after death. In one of his lectures, Liantinis says that Homer describes a scene where the hero, before engaging him in battle, says to his opponent: "the race of men is related to that of leaves" ("οἵη περ φύλλων γενεὴ τοίη δὲ καὶ ἀνδρῶν"), as we momentarily stand fresh on the tree branch, then quickly surrender to the wind and rain. The lyric poet Pindar also questions in his works: "What are we but dreams of shadows..." ("σκιᾶς ὄναρ ἄνθρωπος"), "...not even shadows proper" as Liantinis points out.
The only form of immortality that Liantinis (and the Greeks according to him) believed in was what he called "intra-world immortality" (ενδοκοσμική αθανασία), which comes from the memories a man leaves behind him, through his deeds and life example. This is indeed in accordance to the immense value the ancient Greeks placed on posthumous reputation (υστεροφημία).
On the same subject, he also emphasised the Greek hero's individualism (opposite to the Eastern dissolution of the self inside the Great Universe) even to the point of choosing his own death. In "Gemma", he writes poetically: "I will die, Death, when I want and not when you want. In this last act, your desire is not going to be realised, it is my desire which will be realised. I fight against your will. I fight your power. I fight all of your entity. I will enter into the earth when I decide, not when you decide." ["Gemma" 1997].
Disappearance and death.
Liantinis disappeared on 1 June 1998. A taxi driver claimed that he drove the professor on the same day near Sparti (near Taygetos) and that he was wearing a blue shirt and white footwear.
In July 2005 human bones were found in the area of the mountain Taygetos; forensic examinations verified that it was the body of Liantinis. Some people believe that Liantinis took his own life as a protest against what he saw as the lack of values in modern Greek society. In his last letter to his daughter he wrote: "My last act has the meaning of protest for the evil that we, the adults, prepare for the innocent new generations that are coming. We live our life eating their flesh. A very bad evil. My unhappiness for this crime kills me."

</doc>
<doc id="18947946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947946" title="Foreign relations of Barbados">
Foreign relations of Barbados

This article deals with the diplomatic affairs, foreign policy and international relations of Barbados.
At the political level, these matters are officially handled by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, which answers to the Prime Minister. The Minister of Foreign Affairs, since November 2008 is: Senator The Hon. Maxine McClean.
Barbados is a moderate political and economic power in the Caribbean region.
Between independence in 1966 and the 1990s, Barbados has used a pro business and investment policy to expand its influence in the world. Through the usage of its network of international bilateral relations, the country has been able to maintain an independent foreign policy. Barbados' recent policy has been to focus and strengthen ties with nations that country feels will enhance its diplomacy or foreign trade. Barbados has sought to engage in multilateral diplomacy through the United Nations, the Caribbean Community (CARICOM), the Association of Caribbean States (ACS), the group of ACP countries, the Organization of American States, and several other agencies which it is engaged. In 2008 Barbados and the other members of CARICOM signed an Economic Partnership Agreement (EPA) with the European Union and its European Commission. The deal covers CARICOM's membership in the Caribbean Forum (CARIFORUM). CARIFORUM in turn is a part of the Group of African, Caribbean, and Pacific (ACP) States. The agreement outlines Barbados' future development and trade ties with the European Union, and serves as a blueprint for future relations between both trading blocs under the Cotonou Agreement and the Lomé Convention.
At times Barbados has found itself as a countervailing force to U.S. political and economic influence in the English-speaking Caribbean.
As a small nation, the primary thrust of Barbados' diplomatic activity has been within international organisations. Currently Barbados has established official diplomatic relations with 105 countries around the globe.
History.
In 1965, Barbados, Antigua and Barbuda, Guyana, and Trinidad and Tobago established the Caribbean Free Trade Association (CARIFTA). Following independence from the United Kingdom in 1966, Barbados went on to become a founding member of many other international organisations.
On July 4, 1973, the founding nations of Barbados, Trinidad and Tobago, Guyana, and Jamaica signed the original Treaty of Chaguaramas in Trinidad thus establishing the Caribbean Community and Common Market (CARICOM). The agreement to establish CARICOM wound up succeeded the CARIFTA organisation. By the following year many of the remaining English-speaking Caribbean states followed suit and also joined CARICOM by May 1974, bring it slowly to the 15 members it has today.
Barbados also is a member of the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB), established in 1970, with headquarters in Bridgetown. The eastern Caribbean's Regional Security System (RSS), which associates Barbados with six other island nations, also based in Barbados. In July 1994, Barbados joined the newly established Association of Caribbean States (ACS).
In 2002 the United Nations opened a building in the Marine Gardens area of Hastings found in the Parish of Christ Church the facility simply called the United Nations House acts as a regional operations headquarters for several programmes of the United Nations in Barbados and for many of the other islands in the Eastern Caribbean region.
International.
Barbados has a network or of relations with 103 countries around the world, though principal relations are with the following countries.
Principal relations by region.
Americas:
Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Panama, Uruguay, Venezuela
Eurasia: 
Austria, Australia, China, France, Germany, India, Japan, New Zealand, Poland, Portugal, Russia, Singapore, Sweden, Switzerland, South Korea, The United Kingdom
Middle East:
Israel, Iran and Iraq, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates
Bilateral Relations.
Reciprocal Promotion and Protection of Investments treaties.
Barbados has a number of Bilateral Investment Treaties (BITs) with a growing list of nations. Some of which include:
Double Taxation Agreements.
Barbados has a number of Double Taxation Agreements (DTAs) with a growing list of nations. Some of which include:
Multilateral relations.
United Nations.
On December 7, 1966 the Security Council of the United nations met to debate the membership of Barbados to the General Assembly of the United Nations. During the 1487th plenary meeting of December 9, 1966 it was decided that Barbados would be granted membership. Thusly Barbados became the 122nd full member of the United Nations General Assembly on December 12, 1966.
The late Prime Minister Errol Walton Barrow gave his infamous speech during the first General Assembly attended by Barbados: Telling the assembly that his country will be an exponent, "not of the diplomacy of power, but of the diplomacy of peace and prosperity. We have no quarrels to pursue and we particularly insist that we do not regard any member state as our natural opponent," he said. "We will be friends of all, satellites of none."
International Criminal Court.
Barbados is also a member of the International Criminal Court, without a Bilateral Immunity Agreement of protection for the US-military (as covered under Article 98)
Diplomatic missions.
Barbados has diplomatic missions headed by resident ambassadors or high commissioners in Canada, the United Kingdom, the United States of America, and Venezuela, and at the European Union (Brussels) and the UN. It also has resident consuls general in Toronto, Miami, and New York City. Australia, Brazil, Cuba, Canada, Colombia, People's Republic of China, Guatemala, the United Kingdom, the United States, and Venezuela have ambassadors or high commissioners resident in Barbados.
Participation in international organizations.
ACP • ACCP • ACS • AOSIS • BIS • C • Carib-Export • CARICOM • CARIFORUM • CARTAC • CCJ • CDB • CDERA • CITEL • CTO • CXC • CFATF • CRNM • CROSQ • CSME • ECLAC • FAO • G33 • G77 • IADB • IDB • IAEA • IBRD • ICAO • ICCt • ICFTU • ICJ • ICRM • IDA • IFAD • IFC • IFRCS • ILO • IMF • IMO • Intelsat • Interpol • IOC • IOM • IMPACS • ISO • ITU • LAES • MACHC • MIGA • NAM • OAS • OPANAL • OPCW • PAHO • Revised Treaty of Chaguaramas • RSS • SIDS • UN • UNCTAD • UNESCO • UNHCR • UNIDO • UPU • WCO • WFTU • WHO • WIPO • WMO • WTO
Issues.
Disputes - international:
Illicit drugs:

</doc>
<doc id="18947950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947950" title="Alfred Edward Emslie">
Alfred Edward Emslie

Alfred Edward Emslie (1848 London -1918) was an English genre and portrait painter, and photographer, living at The Studio, 34, Finchley Road, N. W.
He was the son of the engraver, John Emslie, and brother of John Phillipps Emslie, the figure painter. Married to miniature painter Rosalie M. Emslie, they had a daughter, Rosalie Emslie, who became a figure, portrait and landscape painter. Emslie turned increasingly to portraiture later in life. He had a great passion for the Orient, and spent three months exploring Japan. He was an elected an associate of the Royal Society of Painters in Water Colours in 1888 and a member of the Royal Society of Portrait Painters in 1892.
Emslie exhibited in London at the Royal Academy between 1869 and 1897. Between 1897 and 1901, he painted a series of pictures illustrative of the theme "God is Love". Nine large oil paintings from this series were exhibited at Towneley Hall in Burnley, Lancashire from May 1904 until April 1905. He also exhibited at the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours, Royal Institute of Oil Painters, Royal Society of Painters in Water Colours, Royal Miniature Society, Grosvenor Gallery, Dudley Gallery, New Gallery, Fine Art Society and Agnew and Sons Gallery, as well as at the Royal Society of British Artists. Also at the Royal Birmingham Society of Artists, Glasgow Institute of the Fine Arts, The Royal Scottish Society of Painters in Watercolour, Leicester Gallery, Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool and Manchester City Art Gallery. 
He won a bronze medal at the Exposition Universelle in 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="18947956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947956" title="Old River Lea">
Old River Lea

The Old River Lea is the former natural channel of the River Lea below Lea Bridge, in the London Borough of Hackney. The Old River forms a large meander from the Middlesex Filter Beds Weir to rejoin the main channel of the River Lee Navigation below Old Ford Lock, just west of the 2012 Olympic stadium. 
The natural channel is joined by the River Lee Flood Relief Channel, and Dagenham Brook and a number of subsidiary channels to form the semi-tidal Bow Back Rivers, discharging into Bow Creek.
The natural channel forms the boundary between the London Boroughs of Hackney and Waltham Forest; and forms the eastern boundary of Hackney Marshes, and historically the western boundary of Leyton Marshes.

</doc>
<doc id="18947965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947965" title="Afrikaner">
Afrikaner

Afrikaners (including the "Boer" subgroup) are an ethnic group descended from Dutch settlers and other ethnic groups living in Southern Africa whose native tongue is Afrikaans; a Germanic language developed in Africa which derives primarily from 17th century Dutch. In South Africa, they constitute approximately 5% of the total population.
History.
Settlers.
The term Afrikaner as used in the 20th and 21st century refers to a specific South African ethnic group that is Afrikaans-speaking, i.e. those of the larger Cape Dutch origin and of the smaller Boer origin, who are descended from European settlers who first arrived in the Cape of Good Hope during the period of administration (1652 – 1795) by the Dutch East India Company ("Verenigde Oostindische Compagnie" or VOC).
The Dutch who first settled at the Cape in 1652 established a geographically limited refreshment station for the Dutch East India Company; originally, the Company was not interested in establishing a permanent settlement. However, in order to ensure the viability of the refreshment station, some employees of the Company were freed from their contracts (so-called "vrijburgers" or free citizens) and allowed to farm. Over time, the boundaries of the colony expanded. The arrival in 1688 of some French Huguenot refugees, who had fled to the Dutch colony to escape Roman Catholic religious persecution following the revocation of the Edict of Nantes, increased the number of settlers. Some of the later colonists, such as German missionaries in the employ of the Company, and settlers from other parts of Europe (e.g. Scandinavia, Ireland and Scotland) were also incorporated into what became the Boers (Farmers) and Cape Dutch.
Many of the children born to European fathers, who had settled at the Cape in the 1650-1670s, had slave mothers: "three-quarters of children born to slave mothers had white fathers, during the first 20 years of European settlement".
The first person recorded to have identified himself as an Afrikaner was Hendrik Biebouw, who, in March 1707, stated, ""ik ben een Afrikaander"" ("I am an African"). Biebouw was resisting his expulsion from the Cape Colony, as ordered by the magistrate of Stellenbosch. He was banished and sent to Batavia. The term shows the individual's first loyalty and a sense of belonging to the territory of modern South Africa, rather than to any ancestral homeland in Europe. In January 1902, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle used the word "Africanders" in referring to the Dutch settler expansion northwards from the Cape.
The pastoral Afrikaans-speakers who developed on the Cape frontier were called "Boers" ("boer" is the Dutch word for farmer). They have often been considered a slightly separate people from the Afrikaners. The Boers of Trekboer descent who developed on the Cape frontier from the late 17th century are an anthropologically distinct group from the Afrikaners who developed in the southwestern Cape region who were often known as the Cape Dutch. It was only in 1910, with the creation of the Union of South Africa that the word "Afrikaner" came to widespread use to refer to both the Boer and Cape Dutch mainly because they spoke different dialects of the same Afrikaans language. As a direct result of the Union, the majority Cape Dutch culturally assimilated the minority Boer people of the Transvaal and Orange Free State, adopting a lot of the traditions and values of the Boer people within a new Afrikaner nationalism
Migrations.
The mass migrations under British rule collectively known as the Great Trek proved pivotal for the preservation of Boer ethnic identity. The Boers founded a number of self-governing states that were independent of British colonial oversight.
In the 1830s and 1840s, an estimated 10,000 Boers, later referred to as "Voortrekkers" or "First Movers", migrated to the future Northern Cape, Natal, Orange Free State, and Transvaal/Northern Interior provinces. They wanted to escape British rule and to preserve their religious conservatism. The Trek resulted in a cultural split between the Voortrekkers, later known as the Boers, and the Cape Afrikaners. These distinctions overlapped with economic differences, as the Trekkers generally had fewer material resources on the frontier than those who remained behind. During the Anglo-Boer War of 1899–1902, a number of Cape Afrikaners assisted the British in fighting against the Boers due to their long historical pro-colonial outlook.
As important as the Trek was to the formation of Boer ethnic identity, so were the running conflicts with various indigenous groups along the way. One conflict central to the construction of Boer identity occurred with the Zulu in the area of present-day KwaZulu-Natal.
The Boers who entered Natal discovered that the land they wanted came under the authority of the Zulu chief "Dingane ka Senzangakhona", who ruled that part of what subsequently became KwaZulu-Natal. The British had a small port colony (the future Durban) there but were unable to seize the whole of area from the war-ready Zulus, and only kept to the Port of Natal. The Boers found the land safe from the British and sent an un-armed Boer land treaty delegation under Piet Retief on 6 February 1838, to negotiate with the Zulu King. The negotiations went well and a contract between Retief and Dingane was signed.
After the signing, Dingane's forces surprised and killed the members of the delegation; a large-scale massacre of the Boers followed. Zulu "impis" (regiments) attacked Boer encampments in the Drakensberg foothills at what was later called Blaauwkrans and Weenen, killing women and children along with men. (By contrast, in earlier conflicts the Trekkers had experienced along the eastern Cape frontier, the Xhosa had refrained from harming women and children.)
The Transvaal Republic sent a commando brigade of 470 men to help the settlers. On 16 December 1838, a 470-strong force under the command of Andries Pretorius confronted about 10,000 Zulus at the prepared positions. The Boers suffered three injuries without any fatalities. Due to the blood of 3,000 slain Zulus that stained the Ncome River, the conflict afterwards became known as the Battle of Blood River.
The Boers celebrated 16 December as a public holiday, colloquially called Dingane's Day. After 1952, the holiday was officially named Day of the Covenant, changed to Day of the Vow in 1980 (Mackenzie 1999:69) and to Day of Reconciliation in 1994. The Boers saw their victory at the Battle of Blood River as evidence that they had found divine favour for their exodus from British rule.
Boer republics.
After defeating the Zulu and the recovery of the treaty between Dingane and Retief, the Voortrekkers proclaimed the Boer state of the Natalia Republic. Soon afterward, in 1843, Britain annexed this territory and the Boers who were not warriors vacated.
Due to the return of British rule, Boers fled to the frontiers to the north-west of the Drakensberg mountains, and onto the highveld of the "Transvaal" and "Transoranje". These areas were mostly unoccupied due to conflicts in the course of the genocide Mfecane wars of the Zulus on the local Basuthu population who used it as summer grazing for their cattle. Some Boers ventured far beyond the present-day borders of South Africa, north as far as present-day Zambia and Angola. Others reached the Portuguese colony of Delagoa Bay, later called "Lourenço Marques" and subsequently "Maputo" – the capital of Mozambique.
The Boers created sovereign states in what is now South Africa: "de Zuid-Afrikaansche Republiek" (the South African Republic) and the Orange Free State were the most prominent and lasted the longest.
The discovery of goldfields awakened British interest in the Boer republics.
When the British annexed these territories, the two Boer Wars resulted: The First Boer War (1880–1881) and the Second Boer War (1899–1902). The Boers won the first war and regained their independence temporarily. The second ended with British victory and annexation of the Boer areas into the British colonies. The British employed scorched-earth tactics and held many Boers in concentration camps as a means to separate the Boer Guerilla's from their source of shelter, food and supply. The strategy worked effectively but an estimated 27,000 Boer civilians (mainly women and children under sixteen) died in these camps from hunger and disease. This was 15 percent of the Boer population of the republics.
Post Boer War diaspora.
In the 1890s, some Boers moved to Mashonaland and Matabeleland (today Zimbabwe), where they were concentrated at the town of Enkeldoorn, now Chivhu. After the second Boer War, more Boers left South Africa. Starting in 1902 a large group emigrated to the Patagonia region of Argentina (most notably to the towns of Comodoro Rivadavia and Sarmiento). Another group emigrated to British-ruled Kenya, from where most returned to South Africa during the 1930s as a result of warfare there amongst indigenous people. A third group, under the leadership of General Ben Viljoen, emigrated to Chihuahua in northern Mexico and to states of Arizona, California, New Mexico and Texas in the south-western USA. Others migrated to other parts of Africa, including German East Africa (present day Tanzania, mostly near Arusha).
A quite significant number of Afrikaners went as "Thirstland Trekkers" to Angola, where a large group settled on the Huíla Plateau, in Humpata, and smaller groups on the Central Highlands. They constituted a closed community which rejected integration as well as innovation, became impoverished in the course of several decades, and returned to South West Africa and South Africa in waves.
A relatively large group of Boers settled in Kenya. The first wave of migrants consisted of individual families, followed by larger multiple-family treks. Some had arrived by 1904, as documented by the caption of a newspaper photograph noting a tent town for "some of the early settlers from South Africa" on what became the campus of the University of Nairobi. Probably the first to arrive was W.J. Van Breda (1903), followed by John de Waal and Frans Arnoldi at Nakuru (1906). Jannie De Beer's family resided at Athi River, while Ignatius Gouws resided at Solai.
The second wave of migrants is exemplified by Jan Janse van Rensburg's trek. Janse van Rensburg left the Transvaal on an exploratory trip to British East Africa in 1906 from Lourenço Marques (then Portuguese), Mozambique. Janse van Rensburg was inspired by an earlier Boer migrant, Abraham Joubert, who had moved to Nairobi from Arusha in 1906, along with others. When Joubert visited the Transvaal that year, Janse van Rensburg met with him. Sources disagree about whether Janse van Rensburg received guarantees for land from the Governor of the East Africa Protectorate, Sir James Hayes Sadler.
On his return to the Transvaal, Janse van Rensburg recruited about 280 people (comprising either 47 or 60 families) to accompany him to British East Africa. Most came from districts around Ermelo and Carolina. On 9 July 1908 Janse van Rensburg's party sailed in the chartered ship "SS Windhuk" from Lourenço Marques to Mombasa, from where they boarded a train for Nairobi. The party travelled by five trains to Nakuru.
In 1911 the last of the large trek groups departed for Kenya, when some 60 families from the Orange Free State boarded the "SS Skramstad" in Durban under leadership of C.J. Cloete. But migration dwindled, partly due to the British secretary of state's (then Lord Crewe) cash requirements for immigrants. When the British granted self-government to the former Boer republics of the Transvaal and the Orange Free State in 1906 and 1907, respectively, the pressure for emigration decreased. A trickle of individual trekker families continued to migrate into the 1950s.
A combination of factors spurred on Boer migration. Some, like Janse van Rensburg and Cloete, had collaborated with the British, or had surrendered during the Boer War. These "joiners" and "hensoppers" ("hands-uppers") subsequently experienced hostility from other Boers. Many migrants were extremely poor and had subsisted on others' property. Collaborators tended to move to British East Africa, while those who had fought to the end (called "bittereinders") initially preferred German West Africa.
One of the best known Boer settlements in the British East Africa Protectorate became established at Eldoret, in the south west of what became known as Kenya in 1920. By 1934 some 700 Boers lived here, near the Uganda border.
South West Africa.
With the onset of the First World War in 1914, the Allies asked the Union of South Africa to attack the German territory of South West Africa, resulting in the South-West Africa Campaign (1914–1915). Armed forces under the leadership of General Louis Botha defeated the German forces, who were unable to put up much resistance to the overwhelming South African forces.
Many Boers, who had little love or respect for Britain, objected to the use of the "children from the concentration camps" to attack the anti-British Germans, resulting in the Maritz Rebellion of 1914, which was quickly quelled by the government forces.
Some Boers subsequently moved to South West Africa, which was administered by South Africa until its independence in 1990, after which the country adopted the name Namibia.
Ethnic admixture.
Afrikaners are descended from Dutch Calvinists, Germans and French Huguenots, Frisians and minor numbers of other Europeans. Based on his genealogical research in respect of the period from 1657 to 1867, Johannes Heese estimated an average ethnic admixture for Afrikaners of 35.5% Dutch, 34.4% German, 13.9% French, 7.2% non-European, 2.6% British, and 2.8% other European. During the apartheid era, race classification was based on appearance and there were many borderline cases.
Black Afrikaners.
Approximately 100 non-white families who identify as Afrikaners live in the settlement of Onverwacht established in 1886 near the mining town of Cullinan. Members of the community descend from free slaves accompanying Voortrekkers who settled in the area.
Modern history.
Apartheid era.
In South Africa, an Afrikaner minority party, the National Party, came to power in 1948 and enacted a series of segregationist laws favouring whites known as "apartheid". These laws allowed for the systematic persecution of opposition leaders and attempted to enforce general white supremacy by classifying all South African inhabitants into racial groups. Non-white political participation was outlawed, black citizenship revoked, and the entire public sphere, including education, residential areas, medical care and common areas such as public transportation, beaches and amenities, was segregated.
Apartheid was officially ended in 1990 after widespread unrest, led by supporters of the United Democratic Front, Pan-African Congress, South African Communist Party and African National Congress and a long embargo against South Africa. The factual end to apartheid, however, is widely regarded as the election of 1994. After a long series of negotiations involving the apartheid government under President Frederik Willem de Klerk the ANC under Nelson Mandela, and other parties a democratic, multi-racial election was held, transitioning power from the National Party to the black African National Congress.
Post-apartheid era.
Efforts are being made by some Afrikaners to secure minority rights even though protection of minority rights is fundamental to the new 1996 post-apartheid Constitution of South Africa. These efforts include the Volkstaat movement. In contrast, a handful of Afrikaners have joined the ruling African National Congress party, which is overwhelmingly supported by South Africa's black majority. However, the vast majority of Afrikaners support South Africa's official opposition, the Democratic Alliance, indicating their acceptance of non-racism within a free enterprise economy, and in the spirit of people like Frederik van Zyl Slabbert who was the leader of the official opposition — the Progressive Federal Party — in the House of Assembly from 1979 to 1986.
Employment Equity legislation favours employment of black (African, Indian and Coloured) South Africans over white women and men. Black Economic Empowerment legislation further favours blacks as the government considers ownership, employment, training and social responsibility initiatives which empower black South Africans as important criteria when awarding tenders. However, private enterprise adheres to this legislation voluntarily. Some reports indicate a growing number of whites suffering poverty compared to the pre-apartheid years and attribute this to such laws — over 350,000 Afrikaners may be classified as poor, with some research claiming that up to 150,000 are struggling for survival. This combined with a wave of violent crime has led to vast numbers of Afrikaners and English-speaking South Africans leaving the country.
Genocide Watch has theorised that farm attacks constitute early warning signs of genocide against Afrikaners and has criticised the South African government for its inaction on the issue, pointing out that the murder rate for them ("ethno-European farmers" in their report, which also included non-Afrikaner farmers of European race) is four times that of the general South African population. There are 40,000 white farmers in South Africa. Since 1994 close to three thousand farmers have been murdered in thousands of farm attacks, with many being brutally tortured and/or raped. Some victims have been burned with smoothing irons or had boiling water poured down their throats.
Afrikaner diaspora and emigration.
Since 1994 there has been significant emigration of white people from South Africa. There are thus currently large Afrikaner and English-speaking South African communities in the UK and other developed countries. Between 1995 and 2005, more than one million South Africans have emigrated, citing violent and racially motivated black on white crime as the main reason. Farmers have emigrated to other parts of Africa to develop efficient commercial farming there.
Geography.
Namibia.
There were 133,324 speakers of Afrikaans in Namibia, forming 9.5% of the total national population, according to the 1991 census. However the majority of these speakers come from the Coloured and Baster communities. Afrikaners are mostly found in Windhoek and in the Southern provinces.
Global presence.
A significant number of Afrikaners have migrated to countries such as Canada, the United Kingdom, the United States, Republic of Ireland, the Netherlands, Belgium, Australia, New Zealand, Spain, Argentina, Mexico and Brazil.
A large number of young Afrikaners are taking advantage of working holiday visas made available by the United Kingdom and other Commonwealth countries, as well as the Netherlands and Belgium, to gain work experience. The scheme under which UK working holiday visas were issued ended on 27 November 2008 and has been replaced by the Tier 5 (Youth Mobility) visa. South Africa is unlikely to partake in this scheme.
As of 2011, Georgia is encouraging Afrikaner immigration to help kickstart the country's agriculture industry, which has declined significantly since the fall of communism.
Culture.
Religion.
Traditionally Christian, the Calvinism of Boers in South Africa developed in much the same way as the New England colonies in North America. The original South African Boer republics were founded on the principles of the Dutch Reformed Church.
In 1985, 92% of Afrikaners were members of Reformed Churches. However, by 2013, this figure dropped to only 35%.
In an online poll conducted by an Afrikaans Free State newspaper during August 2012, 65% of respondents claimed they attend church regularly, although based on other similar studies in traditionally religious communities, as well as the fact that particularly the older generations of those living the Free State and Northern Cape is probably slightly more conservative than most parts of the country, the true figure is likely to be much lower.
Another online poll conducted in February 2013 by a newspaper revealed that just over 30% of Afrikaners read the Bible at home.
Although social conservatism remain prevalent in some communities, social attitudes have become increasingly liberal since the disestablishment of apartheid in the 90s, and in a 2013 poll nearly 30% of Afrikaners claimed to have "no problem" with homosexuality, while a further 18% said they were not opposed to it.
There are numerous websites and Facebook Pages for Afrikaners who are not religious and many Afrikaners claim to be Atheist or Agnostic.
Language.
The Afrikaans language changed over time from the Dutch spoken by the first white settlers at the Cape. From the late 17th century, the form of Dutch spoken at the Cape developed differences, mostly in morphology but also in pronunciation and accent and, to a lesser extent, in syntax and vocabulary, from that of the Netherlands, although the languages are still similar enough to be mutually intelligible. Settlers who arrived speaking German and French soon shifted to using Dutch and later Afrikaans. The process of language change was influenced by the languages spoken by slaves, Khoikhoi and people of mixed descent, as well as by Cape Malay, Zulu, British and Portuguese. While the Dutch of the Netherlands remained the official language, the new dialect, often known as Cape Dutch, African Dutch, "kitchen Dutch", or "taal" (meaning "language" in Afrikaans) developed into a separate language by the 19th century, with much work done by the Genootskap van Regte Afrikaners and other writers such as Cornelis Jacobus Langenhoven. In a 1925 act of Parliament, Afrikaans was given equal status with Dutch as one of the two official languages (English being the second) of the Union of South Africa. There was much objection to the attempt to legislate the creation of Afrikaans as a new language. Marthinus Steyn, a prominent jurist and politician, and others were vocal in their opposition. Today, Afrikaans is recognised as one of the eleven official languages of the new South Africa, and is the third largest mother tongue spoken in South Africa. In June 2013, the Department of Basic Education included Afrikaans as an African language to be compulsory for all pupils, according to a new policy.
Literature.
Afrikaners have a long literary tradition, and have produced a number of notable novelists and poets, including Nobel Prize winner J.M. Coetzee, Eugene Marais, Uys Krige, Elisabeth Eybers, Breyten Breytenbach, André Brink, C. J. Langenhoven and Etienne Leroux.
Arts.
Music is probably the most popular art form among Afrikaners. While the traditional "Boeremusiek" ("Boer music") and "Volkspele" ("people games") folk dancing enjoyed popularity in the past, most Afrikaners today favour a variety of international genres and light popular Afrikaans music. American country and western music has enjoyed great popularity and has a strong following among many South Africans. Some also enjoy a social dance event called a "sokkie". The South African rock band Seether has a hidden track on their album "Karma and Effect" titled "Kom Saam Met My" ("Come With Me"), sung in Afrikaans. There is also an underground rock music movement and bands like the controversial Fokofpolisiekar have a large following. The television Channel MK (channel) also supports local Afrikaans music and mainly screens videos from the Afrikaans Rock genre.
Sport.
Rugby, cricket, and golf are generally considered to be the most popular sports among Afrikaners. Rugby in particular is considered one of the central pillars of the Afrikaner community. The Springboks won the 1995 and 2007 Rugby World Cups.
"Boere-sport" also played a very big role in the Afrikaner history. It consisted of a variety of sports like tug of war, three-legged races, jukskei, skilpadloop (tortoise walk) and other games.
Numismatics.
The world's first ounce-denominated gold coin, the Krugerrand was struck at the South African Mint on the third of July 1967. The name Krugerrand was derived from "Kruger" (after President Paul Kruger) and the "rand" monetary unit of South Africa.
In April 2007, the South African Mint coined a collectors R1 gold coin commemorating the Afrikaner people as part of its cultural series, depicting the Great Trek across the Drakensberg mountains.
Institutions.
Cultural.
The "Afrikaanse Taal en Kultuurvereniging" (ATKV) ("Afrikaans Language and Culture Association") is responsible for promoting the Afrikaans language and culture.
"Die Voortrekkers" is a youth movement for Afrikaners in South Africa and Namibia with a membership of over 10 000 active members to promote cultural values, maintaining norms and standards as Christians, and being accountable members of public society.
Political.
An estimated 82% of Afrikaners supported the Democratic Alliance, the official opposition party, in the 2009 general election, and this figure is estimated to have increased to over 85% in the 2011 municipal elections.. The Democratic Alliance is a Liberal Party and a full member of Liberal International.
Smaller numbers are involved in nationalist or separatist political organisations. The Freedom Front Plus is an Afrikaner ethnic political party in the Republican tradition, which lobbies for minority rights to be granted to all of the South African ethnic minorities. The Freedom Front Plus is also leading the Volkstaat initiative and is closely associated with the small town of Orania. Freedom Front Plus leader Dr Pieter Mulder is currently Deputy Minister of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries in the Cabinet of President Jacob Zuma.
Only approximately 3% of Afrikaans-speaking white South Africans vote for the ruling ANC, which favours the advancements of blacks. Some prominent Afrikaner ANC Cabinet Ministers include the Minister of Science and Technology Derek Hanekom, the Minister of Tourism and former leader of the New National Party Marthinus van Schalkwyk, Deputy Minister of Justice and Constitutional Development Andries Nel, Deputy Minister of Sport and Recreation Gert Oosthuizen and former ANC Spokesman Carl Niehaus.
In an online poll of the Beeld newspaper during November 2012, in which nearly 11 000 Afrikaners participated, 42% described themselves as conservative and 36% as liberal.

</doc>
<doc id="18947984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947984" title="Quintin Hogg">
Quintin Hogg

Quintin Hogg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18947989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947989" title="Bad Luck Blackie">
Bad Luck Blackie

Bad Luck Blackie is a 1949 animated cartoon produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The Tex Avery-directed short was voted the fifteenth-best cartoon of all-time in a 1994 poll of one thousand animation industry professionals, as referenced in the book "The 50 Greatest Cartoons". The title is a play on "Boston Blackie", a popular radio show at the time. The cartoon marks the first appearance of Tex Avery's version of Spike the Bulldog (later renamed as Butch the Irish Dog as of 2001), who would later appear in Droopy cartoons in the late 1940s into the 1950s.
Synopsis.
As the story begins, a small white kitten is being mercilessly tormented by a mean bulldog. The kitten manages to escape, and while hiding for safety behind a garbage can, she is met by a bowler hat-wearing, cigar-chomping black cat, who offers to protect the kitten (his business card reads ""Black Cat" — Bad Luck Company — Paths Crossed–Guaranteed Bad Luck"). The black cat demonstrates his skills by crossing the path of the rapidly approaching bulldog (to the tune of "Comin' Through the Rye"), who is then knocked out by a flowerpot that falls from the sky. The black cat leaves the scene after giving the kitten a whistle, to be blown in case of emergency.
The bulldog revives, and tries multiple times to attack the kitten, but every attempt is foiled in the same way: the kitten blows the whistle, the black cat crosses the bulldog's path regardless of circumstances, and the dog is pummeled by various objects falling from the sky, including a cash register, a piano, and a set of good luck horseshoes (not to mention the horse they belong to).
Eventually, the bulldog frightens the kitten into giving up the whistle, and (after a couple of false starts) he gains the upper hand on the black cat by luring him under a large paint brush, turning him white and rendering his bad luck powers useless. However, the white kitten saves the day by painting herself black and crossing the bulldog's path. The bulldog is conked by a falling anvil, and ends up swallowing the whistle, triggering a case of the hiccups, each one of which causes the whistle to go off. As a result, all manner of huge objects plummet from the sky (ranging from a kitchen sink all the way to a battleship), causing the bulldog to flee in terror. The cartoon ends with the formerly-black cat giving the kitten his bowler hat as a show of gratitude.
Censorship.
On Cartoon Network and sister channel Boomerang, the part where the bulldog goes headfirst into an outdoor stove then emerging from the top of the chimney making him appear Chinese is edited to remove the part where the head pops out of the top.

</doc>
<doc id="18947995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947995" title="Air force">
Air force

An air force, also known in some countries as an air army, is in the broadest sense, the national military organization that primarily conducts aerial warfare. More specifically, it is the branch of a nation's armed services that is responsible for aerial warfare as distinct from an army, navy or other branch. Typically, air forces are responsible for gaining control of the air, carrying out strategic and tactical bombing missions and providing support to ground forces.
The term "air force" may also refer to a tactical air force or numbered air force, which is an operational formation either within a national air force or comprising several air components from allied nations. Air forces typically consist of a combination of fighters, bombers, helicopters, transport planes and other aircraft.
Many air forces are also responsible for operations of military space, intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBM), and communications equipment. Some air forces may command and control other air defence assets such as antiaircraft artillery, surface-to-air missiles, or anti-ballistic missile warning networks and defensive systems. Some nations, principally Russia, the former Soviet Union and countries who modelled their militaries along Soviet lines, have an Air Defence Force which is organizationally separate from their air force.
In addition to pilots, air forces have ground support staff who support the aircrew. In a similar manner to civilian airlines, there are supporting ground crew as pilots cannot fly without the assistance of other personnel such as engineers, loadmasters, fuel technicians and mechanics. However, some supporting personnel such as airfield defence troops, weapons engineers and air intelligence staff do not have equivalent roles in civilian organizations.
History.
Heavier-than-air military aircraft.
Balloon or flying corps are not generally regarded as examples of an air force. However, with the invention of heavier-than-air craft in the early 20th century, armies and navies began to take interest in this new form of aviation as a means to wage war.
The first aviation force in the world was the Aviation Militaire of the French Army formed in 1910, which eventually became L'Armée de l'Air. In 1911, during the Italo-Turkish War, Italy employed aircraft for the first time ever in the world for reconnaissance and bombing missions against Turkish positions on Libyan Territory. The Italian–Turkish war of 1911–1912 was the first in history that featured air attacks by airplanes and dirigible airships. During World War I France, Germany, Italy, the British Empire and the Ottoman Empire all possessed significant forces of bombers and fighters. World War I also saw the appearance of senior commanders who directed aerial warfare and numerous flying aces.
Independent air forces.
An independent air force is one which is a separate branch of a nation's armed forces and is, at least nominally, treated as a military service on par with that of older services like navies or armies.
The British Royal Air Force was the first independent air force in the world. The RAF was founded on 1 April 1918 by amalgamation the British Army's Royal Flying Corps and the Royal Naval Air Service. On establishment the RAF comprised over 20,000 aircraft, was commanded by a Chief of the Air Staff who held the rank of Major General and was governed by its own government ministry (the Air Ministry).
Over the following decades most countries with any substantial military capability established their own independent air forces. The South African Air Force was formed on 1 February 1920 and the Australian Air Force was formed shortly afterwards on 31 March 1921, although it was not until 1922 that the head of the Service was titled as Chief of the Air Staff, placing him on a par with his Australian Army and Navy counterparts. The Canadian Air Force was formed at the end of World War I, and was abolished and reorganized several times between 1918 and 1924. It became the permanent Royal Canadian Air Force when it received the "Royal" title by royal proclamation on 1 April 1924. It did not however become independent of the Canadian Army until 1938 when its head was also designated as Chief of the Air Staff. The Finnish Air Force was established as a separate service on 4 May 1928 and the United States Air Force was formed as a separate branch of the American military on 18 September 1947. The Israeli Air Force came into being the with the State of Israel on 18 May 1948, but evolved from the pre-existing Sherut Avir (Air Service) of the Haganah paramilitary. The Japan Air Self-Defense Force was not established until 1954; in World War II Japanese military aviation had been carried out by the Army and Navy. Unlike all these countries, the Mexican Air Force remains an integral part of the Mexican Army.
The world wars.
World War I.
Germany was the first country to organize regular air attacks on enemy infrastructure with the Luftstreitkräfte. In World War I, it used its zeppelins (airships) to drop bombs on British cities. At that time, Britain did have aircraft, though her airships were less advanced than the zeppelins and were very rarely used for attacking; instead they were usually used to spy on German U-boats (submarines).
Fixed-wing aircraft at the time were quite primitive, being able to achieve velocities comparable to that of modern automobiles and mounting minimal weaponry and equipment. Aerial services were still largely a new venture, and relatively unreliable machines and limited training resulted in stupendously low life expectancies for early military aviators.
World War II.
By the time World War II began, planes had become much safer, faster, and more reliable. They were adopted as standard for bombing raids and taking out other aircraft because they were much faster than airships. The world's largest military Air Force by the start of the Second World War in 1939 was the Soviet Red Air Force, and although much depleted, it would stage the largest air operations of WWII over the four years of combat with the German Luftwaffe.
Arguably the war's most important air operation, known as the Battle of Britain, took place during 1940 over Britain and the English Channel between Britain's Royal Air Force and Germany's Luftwaffe over a period of several months. In the end Britain emerged victorious, and this caused Adolf Hitler to give up his plan to invade Britain. Other prominent air force operations during the Second World War include the Allied bombing of Germany during 1942–1944, and the Red Air Force operations in support of strategic ground offensives on the Eastern Front. The aerial warfare in Pacific Ocean theatre was of a comparable strategic significance to the Battle of Britain but was largely conducted by the US and Japanese naval aviation services and not by air forces.
Strategic bombing.
The air force's role of strategic bombing against enemy infrastructure was developed during the 1930s by the Japanese in China and by the Germans during the Spanish Civil War. This role for the bomber was perfected during World War II, during Allied "Thousand Bomber Raid" operations. The need to intercept these bombers, both during the day and at night, accelerated fighter aircraft developments. The war ended when United States Army Air Forces Boeing B-29 Superfortress bombers dropped atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in Japan in August 1945.
Post World War II.
The United States Air Force finally became an independent service in 1947. As the Cold War began, both the USAF and the Soviet Air Force built up their nuclear-capable strategic bomber forces. Several technological advances were widely introduced during this time: the jet engine; the missile; the helicopter; and inflight refueling.
During the 1960s, Canada took the unusual step of merging the Royal Canadian Air Force with the army and the navy to form the unified Canadian Forces, with air assets divided between several commands and a green uniform for everyone. This proved very unpopular, and in 1975 Canadian aviation units were rebrigaded under a single organization (Air Command) with a single commander. In 2011 the Canadian Forces Air Command reverted to its pre-1960s name, the Royal Canadian Air Force. Perhaps the latest air force to become independent is the Irish Air Corps, which changed its uniform from army green to blue in the 1990s.
Organization.
The organizational structures of air forces vary between nations: some air forces (such as the United States Air Force, the Royal Air Force) are divided into commands, groups and squadrons; others (such as the Soviet Air Force) have an Army-style organizational structure. The modern Canadian Forces Air Command uses Air Division as the formation between wings and the entire air command. Like the RAF, Canadian wings consist of squadrons. In the case of China the Air Force headquarters consists of four departments: Command, Political, Logistic, and Equipment, which mirrors the four general departments of the People's Liberation Army. Below the headquarters, Military Region Air Forces (MRAF) direct divisions (Fighter, Attack, Bomber), which in turn direct regiments and squadrons.
Air armies.
Several countries title their air force "Air Army", notably France and Spain. In such countries the army is officially called the "Land Army", although in common usage "army" retains its meaning of a land force.
However, in the Soviet Union and the Russian Federation the term "Air Army" also refers to a military formation, and during WWII eighteen Air Armies operated as part of the Red Army Order of Battle as the Soviet Air Forces in World War II. The Air Armies were divided into the air forces of the military district PVO, the Frontal Aviation Air Armies assigned one to each Front, and the Anti-Air Defence Armies that included anti-aircraft guns and interceptors.

</doc>
<doc id="18948003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948003" title="USNS Sgt. Joseph E. Muller (T-AG-171)">
USNS Sgt. Joseph E. Muller (T-AG-171)

USNS "Sgt. Joseph E. Muller" (T-AG-171/ T-APC-118) was a "Sgt. Jonah E. Kelly"-class cargo ship constructed during the final months of World War II. As USAT "Sgt. Joseph E. Muller" she was used by the U.S. Army for World War II cleanup operations. She was again commissioned – this time for the United States Navy – and assigned to Korean War supply and transport operations, earning nine battle stars. She was again place back in service in 1962 as one of the civilian crewed, Auxiliary General (AG), technical research ships working on National Security Agency/Naval Security Group missions, based out of Florida. She was finally declared surplus to needs in 1969 and struck.
Built in Savannah, Georgia.
"Sgt. Joseph E. Muller" was laid down under U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 2485) as "Check Knot" on 30 December 1944 by the Southeastern Shipbuilding Corporation, Savannah, Georgia; launched on 17 February 1945; sponsored by Mrs. D. R. Williams; delivered to the Maritime Commission's Shipping Administration on 9 June 1945 for operation by the Waterman Steamship Company.
World War II-related U.S. Army service.
Returned to the Maritime Commission and transferred to the U.S. War Department for operation by the Army's transportation service after the end of World War II, "Check Knot" was renamed "Sgt. Joseph E. Mutter" and was operated in support of occupation forces in Japan and Korea.
Korean War service with the Navy.
In late 1949, the Navy-operated Military Sea Transportation Service (now Military Sealift Command) was established; and, in July 1950, the ship was transferred to that organization. Through the Korean War, she continued to shuttle passengers and cargo—primarily to Japan and Korea, but with an occasional run to Okinawa, Taiwan, and the Philippines.
In the spring of 1955, she sailed east, arriving in Hawaii for repairs in mid-May, and at New York City in late June for operations out of that port. Initially slated for Arctic resupply missions, she was transferred temporarily and in ready status to the Maritime Administration's National Defense Reserve Fleet (NDRF), Hudson River berthing area, in December 1956, and, in September 1957, was declared surplus to the needs of the Navy. The following month, she was returned to the Navy and, on 25 October, was permanently transferred to the NDRF and laid up with the Hudson River unit.
Reactivated as a signals intelligence ship.
Just under five years later, in August 1962, "Sgt. Joseph E, Mutter" was designated for activation, conversion to a research support ship, a cover for signals intelligence operations, and redelivery to the Navy. On 1 October, reactivation and conversion was begun at the Maryland Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company, Baltimore, Maryland; on 30 October, she was reinstated on the Navy List as USNS "Sgt. Joseph E. Mutter" (T-AG-171). A week later, the ship was towed to New Orleans, Louisiana, for further alterations. In April 1963, she arrived at Port Everglades, Florida, where she took up duties as one of three Military Sea Transportation Service operated technical research ships classed as Miscellaneous Auxiliary (AG), designated at the time simply "special project ships," for National Security Agency/Naval Security Group operating out of Port Everglades to the Caribbean under the general cover of oceanographic or atmospheric research operations.
Honors and awards.
During the Korean War, Sgt. Joseph E. Muller participated in the following campaigns:
Final inactivation.
On 16 September 1969, the ship was again declared surplus; and, on 13 November, she was transferred back to the NDRF for berthing in the James River. Her name was struck from the Navy List on the same date.

</doc>
<doc id="18948004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948004" title="Hugh of Chalon (bishop)">
Hugh of Chalon (bishop)

Hugo III of Chalon, Hugues III de Châlon (c.1260 - c.1312) was a cleric from Franche-Comté, in today's France.
Biography.
Hugues was a son of Jean "the old" of Chalon (1190 – 1267), Sire of Salins and his third wife Laura of Commercy (d.1275), sister of Simon IV, Count of Saarbrücken. His nephew Jean of Châlon (1300 - c.1334), son of Jean I, Seigneur of Châlon-Arlay, the Bishop of Basel, and Bishop of Langres and Peer of France.
He studied theology in Paris and was an archdeacon in Laon. From 1295 to 1301 he was prince-bishop of Liège, appointed by Pope Boniface VIII. Jean played a role in the conflict between Awans and Waroux (fr) 1297-1335, and supported with the siege of Awans until their surrender. Hugues could not prevent military action from both sides and the war continued for decades. There were other conflicts around Liège too, with the Count of Namur and rebels on one side, and the Duke of Brabant and the Count of Loon on the other side with the bishop. 
In 1300 he defended himself before the Roman curia in Rome against charges from the cathedral chapter and others, that he had defrauded his brother John I of Chalon-Auxerre and that he had sold off ecclesiastical possessions for benefits and allegiances. Pope Boniface VIII removed him from his bishopric at Liège and instead made him Archbishop of Besançon. 
Hugues participated in the Council of Vienne (1311-1312) convoked by Pope Clement V, where he contracted an illness and died, probably around 22 February 1312.
Ancestry.
If Barbarossa would have been grandfather of Beatrice of Thiers, it would have been attested in reliable documents, and such are lacking. Barbarossa seemed to have a daughter Beatrix (c.1161-1174), poorly documented, and not married as known.
References.
"       This article incorporates information from the French Wikipedia."

</doc>
<doc id="18948035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948035" title="Awadhi cuisine">
Awadhi cuisine

Awadhi cuisine (, ) is from the city of Lucknow, which is the capital of the state of Uttar Pradesh in Central-South Asia and Northern India, and the cooking patterns of the city are similar to those of Central Asia, the Middle East, and Northern India as well. The cuisine consists of both vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes. Awadh has been greatly influenced by Mughal cooking techniques, and the cuisine of Lucknow bears similarities to those of Persia, Kashmir, Punjab and Hyderabad; and the city is known for Nawabi foods.
The bawarchis and rakabdars of Awadh gave birth to the dum style of cooking or the art of cooking over a slow fire, which has become synonymous with Lucknow today. Their spread consisted of elaborate dishes like kebabs, kormas, biryani, kaliya, nahari-kulchas, zarda, sheermal, roomali rotis, and warqi parathas. The richness of Awadh cuisine lies not only in the variety of cuisine but also in the ingredients used like mutton, paneer, and rich spices including cardamom and saffron.
Awadhi dastarkhwan.
Dastarkhwan, a Persian term, literally means a meticulously laid-out ceremonial dining spread. It is customary in Awadh to sit around and share the Dastarkhwan. Laden with the finest and the most varied repertoire of the khansamas (chefs), the Dastarkhwan of the raeis (the rich) were called Khasa (special).
The richness of Awadhi cuisine lies not only in the variety of cuisine but also is the ingredients used in creating such a variety. The Chefs of Awadhi transformed the traditional dastarkhwan with elaborate dishes like kababs, kormas, kaliya, nahari-kulchas, zarda, sheermal, roomali rotis, and parathas.
The Awadhi/Lucknow dastarkhwan would not be complete unless it had the following dishes.
The menu changes with the seasons and with the festival that marks the month. The severity of winters is fought with rich food. Paye (trotters) are cooked overnight over a slow fire and the shorba (thick gravy) eaten with naans. Turnips are also cooked overnight with meat koftas and kidneys and had for lunch. This dish is called "shab degh" and a very popular in Lucknow. The former Taluqdar of Jehangirabad would serve it to his friends on several occasions during winter.
Birds like partridge and quail are had from the advent of winter since they are heat giving meats. Fish is relished from the advent of winter till spring. It is avoided in the rainy season. In Awadh river fish are preferred particularly rahu (carp), fish kababs (cooked in mustard oil) are preferred. 
Peas are the most sought after vegetable in Awadh. One can spot peas in salan, qeema, pulao or just fried plain.
Spring ("Sawan") is celebrated with pakwan (crisp snacks), phulkis (besan pakoras in salan), puri-kababs and birahis (paratha stuffed with mashed dal) khandoi (steamed balls of dal in a salan), laute paute (gram flour pancakes—rolled, sliced, and served in a salan), and colocasia-leaf cutlets served with salan add variety. In summer, raw mangoes cooked in semolina and jaggery or sugar, make a dessert called curamba. These dishes come from the rural Hindu population of Awadh.
Activity in the kitchen increases with the approach of festivals. During Ramzan, the month of fasting, the cooks and women of the house are busy throughout the day preparing the iftari (the meal eaten at the end of the day’s fast), not only for the family but for friends and the poor. 
Id is celebrated with varieties of siwaiyan (vermicelli). Muzzaffar is a favourite in Lucknow. Shab-e-barat is looked forward to for its halwas, particularly of semolina and gram flour. Khichra or haleem, a mixture of dals, wheat and meat, cooked together, is had during Muharram, since it signifies a sad state of mind.
Some dishes appear and disappear from the Lucknow dastarkhwan seasonally, and others are a permanent feature, like qorma, chapatti, and roomali roti. The test of a good chapatti is that you should be able to see the sky through it. The dough should be very loose and is left in a lagan (deep broad vessel) filled with water for half an hour before the chapattis are made.
Sheermals were invented by mamdoo bawarchi more than one and a half century ago. They are saffron covered parathas made from a dough of flour mixed with milk and ghee and baked in iron tandoors. No other city produces sheermals like Lucknow does and the festive dastarkhwan is not complete without it. Saffron is used to flavour sweets too.
Utensils are made of iron or copper. Meat kababs are cooked in a mahi tawa (large, round shallow pan), using a kafgir—a flat, long handled ladle—to turning kababs and parathas. Bone china plates and dishes have been used in Lucknow since the time of Nawabs. Water was normally sipped from copper or silver kato ras and not glasses. The seating arrangement, while eating was always on the floor where beautifully embroidered dastarkhwans were spread on dares and chandnis (white sheets). Sometimes this arrangement was made on a takht or low, wide wooden table.
Kebab.
Kebab's are the integral part of Awadhi. Lucknow is proud of its Kebabs. There are several varieties of popular kebabs in Awadhi cuisine viz. Kakori Kebabs, Galawat ke Kebabs, Shami Kebabs, Boti Kebabs, Patili-ke-Kebabs, Ghutwa Kebabs and Seekh Kebabs are among the known varieties.
The kebabs of Awadhi cuisine are distinct from the kebabs of Punjab insofar as Awadhi kebabs are grilled on a chula and sometimes in a skillet as opposed to grilled in a tandoor in Punjab. Awadhi kebabs are also called "chula" kebabs whereas the kebabs of Punjab are called "tandoori" kebabs.
The Seekh Kebab has long been considered a piece de resistance in the Awadhi dastarkhwan. Introduced by the Mughals it was originally prepared from beef mince on skewers and cooked on charcoal fire. Now lamb mince is preferred for its soft texture.
The 100-year old Tunde ke Kabab in Chowk is the most famous outlet for Kababs even today. Tunde kabab is so named because it was the speciality of a one-armed chef. The tunde kabab claims to be unique because of the zealously guarded family secret recipe for the masala (home made spices), prepared by women in the family. It is said to incorporate 160 spices.
Kakori kabab is considered blessed since it was originally made in the place by the same name in the dargah of Hazrat Shah Abi Ahder Sahib with divine blessings. The mince for the kabab comes from the raan ki machhli (tendon of the leg of mutton) other ingredients include khoya, white pepperm and a mix of powdered spices that remains secret.
Shami Kebab is made from mince meat, with usually with chopped onion, coriander, and green chillies added. The kebabs are round patties filled with spicy mix and tangy raw green mango. The best time to have them is May, when mangoes are young. When mangoes are not in season, kamrakh or karonda may be substituted for kairi, as both having a tart flavour reminiscent of the raw mango.
A variant made without any admixture or binding agents and comprising just the minced meat and the spices is the Galawat kabab.
An unusual offering is the Pasanda Kebab, piccata of lamb marinated and then sautéed on a griddle.
Boti kebab is lamb marinated in yoghurt and skewered, then well cooked. Traditionally, Boti Kebab (Lamb) is cooked in a clay oven called a tandoor.
Vegetarian kebabs include Dalcha Kebab, Kathal ke Kebab, Arbi ke Kebab, Rajma Galoti Kebab (kidney bean kebab cooked with aromatic herbs), Zamikand ke Kebab (Lucknowi yam kebabs), etc.
Curry preparations.
Korma is actually the Indian name for the technique of braising meat. It originated in the lavish Moghul cuisine wherein lamb or chicken was braised in velvety, spiced sauces, enriched with ground nuts, cream and butter. While kormas are rich, they are also mild, containing little or no cayenne or chillies. There are both vegetarian(navratan korma) and non-vegetarian(chicken, lamb, beef & fish korma) varieties of korma. Murgh Awadhi Korma is a classic from Lucknow.
Kaliya is a mutton preparation with gravy along with the compulsory inclusion of turmeric or saffron.
Rice preparations.
"Biryani" derives from the Persian word "Birian," which means "roasted before cooking." Biryani is a mixture of basmati rice, meat, vegetables, yogurt, and spices.
"Lucknow biryani" or "awadh airyani" is a form of "pukki biryani." Pukki means "cooked." Both meat and rice are cooked separately, then layered and baked. The process also lives up to the name biryani in the Persian meaning "fry before cooking'.
It has three steps. First, the meat is seared in ghee and cooked in water with warm aromatic spices till tender. The meat broth is drained. Second, the rice is lightly fried in Ghee, and cooked in the meat broth from the previous step. Third, cooked meat and cooked rice are layered in a handi. Sweet flavours are added. The handi is sealed and cooked over low heat. The result is a perfectly cooked meat, rice, and a homogenous flavour of aromatic meat broth, aromatic spices and sweet flavours.
Among various Biryani the Lucknow and Hyderabad style are dominant, with a friendly rivalry. Chitrita Banerji a Bengali writer in her book Eating India: exploring a nation’s cuisine in an inevitable comparison between Awadhi and Hyderabadi biriyani, picked the Awadhi version as the winner.
The vegetarian version of biryani might have some Textured vegetable protein based protein balls to present the impression of a meat-based dish for vegetarians.
The difference between biryani and pullao is that pullao is made by cooking the meat in ghee with warm aromatic spices until the meat is tender, then adding rice and cooking in the sealed pot over low heat till done—but with biryani, the rice is boiled or parboiled separately in spiced water and then layered with meat curry or marinade (depending on the type of biryani), then sealed and cooked over low heat until done.
"Tehri" is the name given to the vegetarian version of the dish and is very popular in Indian homes.
Bread preparations.
As wheat is the staple food of the state, breads are very significant. Breads are generally flat breads; only a few varieties are raised breads. Tawa roti is bread made on crude iron pans. Improvisations of the roti (or bread) are of different types and made in various ways and include the rumaali roti, tandoori roti, naan (baked in a tandoor), kulcha, lachha paratha, sheermaal and baqarkhani.
Breads made of other grains have descriptive names only, thus we have "Makai ki roti", "Jowar ki roti" (barley flour roti), "Bajre ki roti" (bajra is a grain only grown in India), "chawal-ki-Roti" (roti of rice flour).
Desserts.
Winters are dedicated to halwas of all kinds that came from Arabia and Persia to stay in India. There are several varieties of these, prepared from different cereals, such as gram flour, sooji, wheat, nuts and eggs. The special halwa or halwa sohan, which has four varieties, viz Papadi, Jauzi, Habshi and Dudhiya is prepared especially well in Lucknow.
The Jauzi Halwa Sohan is a hot favourite even today, but the art of preparing it is confined to only a few households. Prepared for the most part from germinated wheat, milk, sugar, saffron, nuts etc., it has love and patience as its vital ingredients.
Chaat.
Chaat and Samosa originated in Uttar Pradesh but now are popular nationwide and abroad. these are the integral part of street foods across India. The chaat variants are all based on fried dough, with various other ingredients. The original chaat is a mixture of potato pieces, crispy fried bread Dahi vada, gram or chickpeas and tangy-salty spices, with sour home-made Indian chilli and Saunth (dried ginger and tamarind sauce), fresh green coriander leaves and yogurt for garnish, but other popular variants included Aloo tikkis (garnished with onion, coriander, hot spices and a dash of curd), dahi puri, golgappa, dahi vada and papri chaat.
There are common elements among these variants including dahi, or yogurt; chopped onions and coriander; sev (small dried yellow salty noodles); and chaat masala, a spice mix typically consisting of amchoor (dried mango powder), cumin, Kala Namak (rock salt), coriander, dried ginger, salt, black pepper, and red pepper. The ingredients are combined and served on a small metal plate or a banana leaf, dried and formed into a bowl.
Difference between Awadhi and Mughlai cuisine.
Awadhi cuisine has drawn a considerable amount of influence from Mughal cooking style and bears resemblance to those of Hyderabad and Kashmir. The cuisine consists of both vegetarian and meat dishes that employ the dum style of cooking over a slow fire that has become synonymous with Lucknow.
Mughlai food is known for its richness and exotic use of spices, dried fruit, and nuts. The Mughals did everything in style and splendor. Since they ate very rich food they reduced the number of intake during the day. Mughlai dishes as they are called have lots of milk and cream with spices to make rich and spicy meal that is the reason why Mughlai recipes are rich in fat, carbohydrates and proteins.
Awadhi food does not use over a hundred spices as some claim, but use a handful of uncommon spices. The slow-fire cooking lets the juices absorb into the solid parts. In addition to the major process of cooking food in Awadhi style, other important processes, such as marinating meats, contribute to the taste. This is especially the case with barbecued food that might be cooked in a clay oven of over an open fire.
Fish, red meats, vegetables and cottage cheese may be marinated in curd and spices. This helps to soften the taste and texture of them as well as remove any undesired odors from the fleshy materials. They were often cooked on tawa, the flat iron griddle, as opposed to Mughlai influence and bear a testimony to the local influence and convenience.
Difference between Awadhi and Mughlai kebabs is that, while the former is usually cooked on the "tawa", the latter is grilled in a tandoor. This gives the difference in flavour.
Cooks.
Broadly, there are three categories of cooks in Lucknow. The bawarchis cook food in large quantities. The rakabdars cook in small gourmet quantities. Rakabdars also specialise in the garnishing and presentation of dishes. The nanfus make a variety of roti, chapattis, naans, sheermals, kulchas and taftans.
Normally, one cook does not prepare the entire meal. There are specialists for different dishes and also a variety of helpers, like the degbos who wash the utensils, the masalchis who grind the masala, and the mehris who carry the khwan (tray) to spread on the dastarkhwan. The wealthy had their kitchens supervised by an officer called daroga-e-bawarchi khana or mohtamim. This officer’s seal on the khwan guaranteed quality control.
Culinary terms.
Dhungar.
This is a quick smoke procedure used to flavour a meat dish, daIs, or raita. The smoke permeates every grain of the ingredients and imparts a subtle aroma, which enhances the quality of the dish. The procedure may be carried out either at the intermediate or the final stage of cooking. This is a common technique employed while making kababs.
In a shallow utensil, or a lagan in which meat or mince has marinated, a small bay is made in the center, and a katori or onion skin or a betel leaf (depending on the dish) is placed. In it, a live coal is placed, and hot ghee, sometimes mixed with aromatic herbs or spices, is poured over it and covered immediately to prevent the smoke escaping. The lid kept on for about 15 minutes, to allow the smoke to flavour the ingredients. The coal is then removed and the meat cooked further.
Dum dena.
This is a frequently method used in Awadh cooking. 'Dum' literally means 'breath' and the process involves placing the semi-cooked ingredients in a pot or deg, sealing the utensil with flour dough and applying very slow charcoal fire from top, by placing some live charcoal on the lid, and some below. The Persian influence is most evident in this method though in Awadh it has acquired its own distinct character. The aroma, flavour, and texture of dum results from slow cooking. This method is employed by a number of delicacies such as the Shabdeg, Pulao and Biryani. Any dish cooked by this method is 'Dum Pukht' or 'Dum Bakht'.
Galavat.
Refers to the use of softening agents is made from raw papaya or kalmi shora (common name:salt peter{potaassium nitrate}) to tenderise meat.
Baghar.
This is a method of tempering a dish with hot oil or ghee, and spices. It may be done either at the beginning of the cooking, as in curries, or at the end as for (pulses). In the former, the fat is heated in a vessel to a smoking point, and after reducing the flame, spices are added. When they begin to crackle, the same process is carried out in a ladle, which is immersed in the cooked dish and immediately covered with a lid. This retains the essence and aroma of the spices, drawn out by the hot ghee.
Gile hikmat.
"Gil," in Persian, means earth or mud, and "hikmat" implies the procedure of the Hakims. This method is generally followed to prepare "kushtas," which are the ash-like residue of substances that cannot be consumed in their natural form as they are toxic, for instance gems or metals.
The meat or vegetable to be cooked is generally taken whole and stuffed with nuts and spices. It is then wrapped in a banana leaf or cloth and covered completely with clay or "multani mitti" (fuller's earth) to seal it. Then it is buried about 4–6 inches deep. Aslow fire is placed on top for six to eight hours. Then the food is dug out and served.
Loab.
"Loab" refers to the final stage in cooking, when the oil used during cooking rises to the surface to give the dish a finished appearance. This occurs mostly with slow cooking of gravy dishes.
Moin.
It is the shortening of dough. In this process fat is rubbed into the flour and made into a dough for kachoris or pooris orparathas. This makes the final product crisp, flaky and crumbly.
Ittr (Perfumes).
The use of perfumes play an important role in Awadh cuisine they are used to enhance the aroma of the dish and make it delicate. Most commonly they are made from musk deer, hunting of which is now banned worldwide.
Yakhni cuts (Mutton).
The cuts for Yakhni are generally bony pieces with flesh on them. These cuts are usually taken from the joints and the ribs of the animal. The basic purpose of mea t in preparing Yakhni is to derive the juice and flavour and hence the shape of the meat does not count much.
Chandi warq.
In this process, small pieces of silver are placed between two sheets of paper, then patted continuously with a hammer until papery thin. These are used to decorat dishes before presentation, e.g., Chandi kaliya, Moti pulao.
Zamin doz.
In this style of cooking, a hole is dug in the ground and the ingredients are placed and covered with mud, then a layer of burning charcoal. The cooking takes about six hours.
Utensils used.
Bhagona.
Or the patili is generally of brass with a lid. It is used when a great deal of 'bhunna' or saute is required. or even for boiling and simmering. It is also used for preparingYakhni or Salan, Korma or Kaliya.
Deg/Degchi.
This is a pear-shaped pot 
of either brass, copper or aluminium. The shape of this utensil is ideally suited for the 'dum' method and is used for cooking Pulao, Biryani, Nehari or Shab Deg.
Kadhai.
Kadhai is a deep, concave utensil made of brass, iron or aluminium and is used far deep frying paoris puri and the like.
Lagan.
Lagan is a Tradition square and shallow copper utensil with a slightly concave bottom. Used for cooking whole or big cuts of meat or poultry especially when heat is applied from both the top and bottom.
Lohe ka tandoor.
"Lohe ka tandoor" typically is iron tandoor. This is distinct from the clay tandoor, which is more common in Delhi. It is a dome-shaped iron oven covered with an iron sheet, used for cooking a variety of breads like – sheermal, taftan, and bakarkhani.
Mahi tawa.
"Mahi tawa" is the Awadh version of a griddle shaped like a big round, flat bottomed tray with raised edges. It is used for cooking kababs and, with a cover, other dishes.
Seeni.
Seeni is a big thali (round tray), usually used as a lid for the lagan or mahi tawa when heat must be applied from the top. Live charcoal is placed on it and the heat is transmitted through it to the food. Thus the indirect heat has the desired effect of browning and cooking the ingredients. All the copper and brass utensils are almost always used after 'kalai' or tin plating the insides.
Recipes.
Following is list of few Awadhi recipes:

</doc>
<doc id="18948039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948039" title="Berlin International Film Festival">
Berlin International Film Festival

The Berlin International Film Festival (), also called the Berlinale, is one of the world's leading film festivals and most reputable media events. It is held in Berlin, Germany. Founded in West Berlin in 1951 at the initiative of U.S. Film officer Oscar Martay, the festival has been celebrated annually in February since 1978. With around 300,000 tickets sold and 500,000 admissions it is considered the largest publicly attended film festival worldwide based on actual attendance rates. Up to 400 films are shown in several sections, representing a comprehensive array of the cinematic world. Around twenty films compete for the awards called the Golden and Silver Bears. Since 2001 the director of the festival has been Dieter Kosslick.
The "European Film Market" (EFM), a film trade fair held simultaneously to the Berlinale, is a major industry meeting for the international film circuit once a year. The trade fair serves distributors, film buyers, producers, financiers and co-production agents. The "Berlinale Talent Campus", a week long series of lectures and workshops, gathers young filmmakers from around the globe. It partners with the festival itself and is considered to be a forum for upcoming artists.
The festival, the EFM and other satellite events are attended by around 20,000 professionals from over 130 countries. More than 4200 journalists are responsible for the media exposure in over 110 countries. At high-profile feature film premieres, movie stars and celebrities are present at the red carpet. The Berlinale has established
a cosmopolitan character integrating art, glamour, commerce and a global media attention.
The most recent Berlinale, the 63rd Annual Berlin International Film Festival, took place from 7 to 17 February 2013. Chinese film director Wong Kar-wai was announced as the President of the Jury and his film "The Grandmaster" was the opening film of the festival. The Golden Bear for the best film was awarded to "Poziţia Copilului (Child's Pose)" by Călin Peter Netzer. The 64th edition started on 6 February 2014.
Festival programme.
The festival is composed of seven different film sections. Films are chosen in each category by a section director with the advice of a committee of film experts. Categories include:
Competition – comprises feature-length films yet to be released outside their country of origin. Films in the Competition section compete for several prizes, including the top Golden Bear for the best film and a series of Silver Bears for acting, writing and production.
Panorama – comprises new independent and arthouse films that deal with "controversial subjects or unconventional aesthetic styles". Films in the category are intended to provoke discussion, and have historically involved themes such as gay, lesbian and transgendered issues.
Forum – comprises experimental and documentary films from around the world with a particular emphasis on screening works by younger filmmakers. There are no format or genre restrictions, and films in the Forum do not compete for awards.
Generation – comprises a mixture of short and feature-length films aimed at children and youths. Films in the Generation section compete in two sub-categories: Generation Kplus (aimed at those aged four and above) and Generation 14plus (aimed at those aged fourteen and above). Awards in the section are determined by three separate juries – the Children's Jury, the Youth Jury and an international jury of experts – whose decisions are made independent of one another.
Perspektive Deutsches Kino – comprises a wide variety of German films, with an emphasis on highlighting current trends in German cinema. There are few entry requirements, enabling emerging filmmakers to display their work to domestic and international audiences.
Berlinale Shorts – comprises domestic and international short films, especially those that demonstrate innovative approaches to filmmaking. Films in the category compete for the Golden Bear for the best short film, as well as a jury-nominated Silver Bear.
Retrospective – comprises classic films previously shown at the Berlinale, with films collated from the Competition, Forum, Panorama and Generation categories. Each year, the Retrospective section is dedicated to important themes or filmmakers. The special Homage series similarly examines past cinema, with a focus on honouring the life work of directors and actors.
In addition to the seven sections, the Berlinale also contains several linked "curated special series", including the Berlinale Special, Gala Special, Forum Expanded, Culinary Cinema and the Homage. Since 2002 a 50-second trailer opens the performances in all sections of the festival with the exception of the Retrospective.
Awards.
The Golden Bear (German: Goldener Bär) is the highest prize awarded for the best film at the Berlin International Film Festival.
Golden Bear ("Goldener Bär")
Silver Bear ("Silberner Bär")
The Silver Bear was introduced in 1956 as an award for individual achievements in direction and acting, and for best short film.
In 1965 a special film award for the runner-up to the Golden Bear was introduced. Although its official name was the "Special Jury Price" from 1965 to 1999, and has been the "Jury Grand Prix" since 2000, it is commonly known as the Silver Bear (just like the awards for individual achievements) as it is regarded as a second place award after the Golden Bear.
In 1978, a Silver Bear for special recognitions was introduced, in 2002 a Silver Bear for best film music, and in 2008 an award for best screenplay.
Other awards at the Berlin International Film Festival
European Film Market.
The European Film Market (EFM) is one of three largest movie markets in the world. It is the business centre during the time of the Berlinale Film Festival. The EFM is the major venue for film producers, buyers, financiers, sales agents and distributors. It is a professional trade event and is open to registered industry insiders. In 2011, 400 companies registered and 6,982 market badges were issued. 1,532 buyers have registered.
The trade fair provides exhibition space for companies presenting their current line up. It organizes over 1000 screenings of new films, which take place at movie theatres around Potsdamer Platz. In 2007 the "CinemaxX" and "CineStar" were used to showcase new productions. In 2010 the Astor Film Lounge is showing market screenings in 3D using digital RealD technology.
The Berlinale Co-Production Market is a 3-day networking platform for producers, financiers as well as broadcasting and funding representatives who are participating in international co-productions.At the Berlinale Co-Production Market, producers can introduce pre-selected projects and find co-production partners and/or financiers in one-on-one meetings.
Talent Campus.
Commencing in 2003, the Berlinale has partnered with the Berlinale Talent Campus, which is a winter school for "up and coming filmmakers" that takes place at the same time as the festival itself. The Talent Campus accepts about 350 applicants each year; the attendees come from around the world, and represent all of the filmmaking professions.
The event runs 6 days during the Berlinale and features lectures and panel discussions with well known professionals addressing issues in filmmaking today. Workshops, excursions, personal tutoring, coaching and training of participants from different fields of work are part of the programme.
The proceedings include presentations by distinguished experts, who have included Park Chan-wook, Frances McDormand, Stephen Frears, Dennis Hopper, Jia Zhangke, Walter Murch, Shah Rukh Khan, Anthony Minghella, Charlotte Rampling, Walter Salles, Ridley Scott, Raoul Peck, Tom Tykwer, Mike Leigh, Tilda Swinton and Wim Wenders. Many of these presentations and lectures are archived, both as videorecordings and transcripts, on the Talent Campus' website.

</doc>
<doc id="18948043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948043" title="Alcoholic beverage">
Alcoholic beverage

An alcoholic beverage is a drink that contains ethanol. Alcoholic beverages are divided into three general classes for taxation and regulation of production: beers, wines, and spirits (distilled beverages). They are legally consumed in most countries around the world. More than 100 countries have laws regulating their production, sale, and consumption.
Alcoholic beverages have been consumed by humans since the Neolithic era; the earliest evidence of alcohol was discovered in Jiahu, dating from 7000–6600 BC. The production and consumption of alcohol occurs in most cultures of the world, from hunter-gatherer peoples to nation-states.
Alcoholic beverages are a source of food energy. The USDA uses a figure of 6.93 kcal per gram of alcohol (5.47 kcal per ml) for calculating food energy.
Distilled beverages.
A distilled beverage, spirit, or liquor is an alcoholic beverage produced by distilling (i.e., concentrating by distillation) ethanol produced by means of fermenting grain, fruit, or vegetables. Unsweetened, distilled, alcoholic beverages that have an alcohol content of at least 20% ABV are called "spirits". For the most common distilled beverages, such as whiskey and vodka, the alcohol content is around 40%. The term hard liquor is used in North America to distinguish distilled beverages from undistilled ones (implicitly weaker). Vodka, gin, baijiu, tequila, whiskey, brandy, and soju are examples of distilled beverages. Distilling concentrates the alcohol and eliminates some of the congeners. Freeze distillation concentrates ethanol along with methanol and fusel alcohols (fermentation by-products partially removed by distillation) in applejack. Paracelsus gave alcohol its modern name, which is derived from an Arabic word that means “finely divided” (a reference to distillation).
Rectified spirit.
Rectified spirit, also called "neutral grain spirit," is alcohol which has been purified by means of "rectification" (i.e., repeated distillation). The term "neutral" refers to the spirit's lacking the flavor that would have been present if the mash ingredients had been distilled to a lower level of alcoholic purity. Rectified spirit also lacks any flavoring added to it after distillation (as is done, for example, with gin). Other kinds of spirits, such as whiskey, are distilled to a lower alcohol percentage in order to preserve the flavor of the mash.
Rectified spirit is a clear, colorless, flammable liquid that may contain as much as 95% ABV. It is often used for medicinal purposes. It may be a grain spirit or it may be made from other plants. It is used in mixed drinks, in liqueurs, in tinctures, and as a household solvent.
Fermented beverages.
Wine.
Wine is a fermented beverage produced from grapes. Wine involves a longer fermentation process than beer and also a long aging process (months or years), resulting in an alcohol content of 9%–16% ABV.
Sparkling wine can be made by means of a secondary fermentation.
Beverages called "fruit wines" are made from fruits such as plums, cherries, or apples. The kind of fruit must be specified on the label.
Fortified wine is wine, such as port or sherry, to which a distilled beverage (usually brandy) has been added. Fortified wine is distinguished from spirits made from wine in that spirits are produced by means of distillation, while fortified wine is simply wine that has had a spirit added to it. Many different styles of fortified wine have been developed, including port, sherry, madeira, marsala, commandaria, and the aromatized wine vermouth.
Beer.
Beer is a beverage fermented from grain mash. It is made from barley or a blend of several grains. If the fermented mash is distilled, then the beverage is a spirit.
Congeners.
In the alcoholic beverages industry, congeners are substances produced during fermentation. These substances include small amounts of chemicals such as other alcohols (known as fusel alcohols), acetone, acetaldehyde, esters, and aldehydes (e.g., propanol, glycols, ethyl acetate). Congeners are responsible for most of the taste and aroma of distilled alcoholic beverages, and contribute to the taste of non-distilled drinks. It has been suggested that these substances contribute to the symptoms of a hangover.
Furfural.
Furfural is a congener that inhibits yeast metabolism. It may be added to alcoholic beverages during the fermentation stage. Although it occurs in many foods and flavorants, furfural is toxic with an of 65 mg/kg (oral, rat).
Tannins.
Tannins are congeners found in wine. Tannins contains powerful antioxidants such as polyphenols.
Fusel alcohols.
The term "fusel" is German for "bad liquor". Methanol and isopropanol are fusel alcohols.
Excessive concentrations of alcohols other than ethanol may cause off-flavors, sometimes described as "spicy", "hot", or "solvent-like". Some beverages, such as rum, whisky (especially Bourbon), incompletely rectified vodka (e.g., Siwucha), and traditional ales and ciders, are expected to have relatively high concentrations of non-hazardous alcohols as part of their flavor profile. However, in other beverages, such as Korn, vodka, and lagers, the presence of alcohols other than ethanol is considered a fault.
History.
Since ancient times, people around the world have been drinking alcoholic beverages. Reasons for drinking alcoholic beverages vary and include:
Examination and analysis of ancient pottery jars from the neolithic village of Jiahu in the Henan province of northern China revealed residue left behind by the alcoholic beverages they had once contained. According to a study published in the "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences", chemical analysis of the residue confirmed that a fermented drink made from fruit, rice and honey was being produced in 7000–6600 BC. The results of this analysis were published in December 2004. This drink, as of now, precedes the evidence of grape wine from the Middle East by more than 500 years. Wine's first appearance dates from 6000 BC in Georgia. Evidence of alcoholic beverages has also been found dating from 3150 BC in ancient Egypt, 3000 BC in Babylon, 2000 BC in pre-Hispanic Mexico, and 1500 BC in Sudan. Distilled alcoholic beverages were first recorded in Europe in the mid-12th century. By the early 14th century, they had spread throughout the European continent.
Standards.
Alcohol concentration.
The concentration of alcohol in a beverage is usually stated as the percentage of alcohol by volume (ABV, the number of ml of pure ethanol in 100 ml of beverage) or as "proof". In the United States, "proof" is twice the percentage of alcohol by volume at 60 degrees Fahrenheit (e.g. 80 proof = 40% ABV). "Degrees proof" were formerly used in the United Kingdom, where 100 degrees proof was equivalent to 57.1% ABV. Historically, this was the most dilute spirit that would sustain the combustion of gunpowder.
Ordinary distillation cannot produce alcohol of more than 95.6% ABV (191.2 proof) because at that point alcohol is an azeotrope with water. A spirit which contains a very high level of alcohol and "does not contain any added flavoring" is commonly called a neutral spirit. Generally, any distilled alcoholic beverage of 170 proof or higher is considered to be a neutral spirit.
Most yeasts cannot reproduce when the concentration of alcohol is higher than about 18%, so that is the practical limit for the strength of fermented beverages such as wine, beer, and sake. However, some strains of yeast have been developed that can reproduce in solutions of up to 25% ABV.
Alcohol-free beverage definition controversy.
The term alcohol-free (e.g. alcohol-free beer) is often used to describe a product that contains 0% ABV. As such, it is permitted by Islam, and is also popular in countries that enforce alcohol prohibition, such as Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Iran.
However, alcohol is legal in most countries of the world where alcohol culture also is prevalent. Laws vary in countries when beverages must indicate the strength but also what they define as alcohol-free.
In the EU the labeling of beverages containing more than 1.2% by volume of alcohol must indicate the actual alcoholic strength by volume, i.e., show the word "alcohol" or the abbreviation "alc." followed by the symbol "% vol."
Most of the alcohol-free drinks sold in Sweden's state-run liquor store monopoly Systembolaget actually contain alcohol, with experts calling the label "misleading" and a threat to recovering alcoholics. Systembolaget defines alcohol-free as a drink that contains a maximum of 0.5 percent alcohol by volume.
Standard drinks.
A standard drink is a notional drink that contains a specified amount of pure alcohol. The standard drink is used in many countries to quantify alcohol intake. It is usually expressed as a measure of beer, wine, or spirits. One standard drink always contains the same amount of alcohol regardless of serving size or the type of alcoholic beverage.
The standard drink varies significantly from country to country. For example, it is 7.62 ml (6 grams) of alcohol in Austria, but in Japan it is 25 ml (19.75 grams).
In the United Kingdom, there is a system of units of alcohol which serves as a guideline for alcohol consumption. A single unit of alcohol is defined as 10 ml. The number of units present in a typical drink is sometimes printed on bottles. The system is intended as an aid to people who are regulating the amount of alcohol they drink; it is not used to determine serving sizes.
In the United States, the standard drink contains of alcohol. This is approximately the amount of alcohol in a glass of beer, a glass of wine, or a glass of a 40% ABV (80 US proof) spirit.
Serving sizes.
In the United Kingdom, serving size in licensed premises is regulated under the Weights and Measures Act (1985). Spirits (gin, whisky, rum, and vodka) are sold in 25 ml or 35 ml quantities or multiples thereof. Beer is typically served in pints (568 ml), but is also served in half-pints or third-pints.
In Ireland, the serving size of spirits is 35.5 ml or 71 ml. Beer is usually served in pints or half-pints ("glasses"). In the Netherlands and Belgium, standard servings are 250 and 500 ml for pilsner; 300 and 330 ml for ales.
The shape of a glass can have a significant effect on how much one pours. A Cornell University study of students and bartenders' pouring showed both groups pour more into short, wide glasses than into tall, slender glasses. Aiming to pour one shot of alcohol (1.5 ounces or 44.3 ml), students on average poured 45.5 ml & 59.6 ml (30% more) respectively into the tall and short glasses. The bartenders scored similarly, on average pouring 20.5% more into the short glasses. More experienced bartenders were more accurate, pouring 10.3% less alcohol than less experienced bartenders. Practice reduced the tendency of both groups to over pour for tall, slender glasses but not for short, wide glasses. These misperceptions are attributed to two perceptual biases: (1) Estimating that tall, slender glasses have more volume than shorter, wider glasses; and (2) Over focusing on the height of the liquid and disregarding the width.
Usage.
Apéritif and digestif.
An apéritif is any alcoholic beverage usually served before a meal to stimulate the appetite while a digestif is any alcoholic beverage served after a meal, in theory to aid digestion. Fortified wine, liqueur, and dry champagne are common apéritifs. Because apéritifs are served before dining, the emphasis is usually on dry rather than sweet.
Sensation of warmth.
In cold climates, potent alcoholic beverages such as vodka are popularly seen as a way to “warm up” the body, possibly because alcohol is a quickly absorbed source of food energy and because it dilates peripheral blood vessels (peripherovascular dilation). This is a misconception because the “warmth” is actually caused by a transfer of heat from the body’s core to its extremities, where it is quickly lost to the environment. However, the perception alone may be welcomed when only comfort, rather than hypothermia, is a concern.
Flavoring.
Alcohol is a moderately good solvent for many fatty substances and essential oils. This attribute facilitates the use of flavoring and coloring compounds in alcoholic beverages, especially distilled beverages. Flavors may be naturally present in the beverage’s base material. Beer and wine may be flavored before fermentation. Spirits may be flavored before, during, or after distillation.
Sometimes flavor is obtained by allowing the beverage to stand for months or years in oak barrels, usually American or French oak.
A few brands of spirits have fruit or herbs inserted into the bottle at the time of bottling.
Use as a substitute for water.
At times and places of poor public sanitation (such as Medieval Europe), the consumption of alcoholic drinks was a way of avoiding water-borne diseases such as cholera. Small beer and faux wine, in particular, were used for this purpose. Although alcohol kills bacteria, its low concentration in these beverages would have had only a limited effect. More important was that the boiling of water (required for the brewing of beer) and the growth of yeast (required for fermentation of beer and wine) would kill dangerous microorganisms.
The alcohol content of these beverages allowed them to be stored for months or years in simple wood or clay containers without spoiling. For this reason, they were commonly kept aboard sailing vessels as an important (or even the sole) source of hydration for the crew, especially during the long voyages of the early modern period.
Alcohol and health.
Short-term effects of alcohol consumption include intoxication and dehydration. Long-term effects of alcohol include alcoholism, malnutrition, chronic pancreatitis, alcoholic liver disease, cancer and damage to the central nervous system and peripheral nervous system. Alcohol is converted to the carcinogen acetaldehyde by the liver.
Drinking small amounts of alcohol can offer some protection for people at risk of heart disease, but large amounts can increase the risk of stroke, high blood pressure, and other conditions.
Alcoholic beverages contain calories, which may contribute to an increase in body weight (see beer belly). Each gram of alcohol provides 7.1 kcal, and each milliliter provides 5.6 kcal.
In addition to alcohol, many alcoholic beverages contain carbohydrates. For example, beer usually contains 10-15 g of carbohydrates (40-60 kcal) per 12 fl.oz. Aside from the direct effect of its caloric content, alcohol is known to potentiate the insulin response of the human body to glucose, which, in essence, "instructs" the body to convert consumed carbohydrates into fat and to suppress carbohydrate and fat oxidation.
Psychoactive drug.
Alcohol (ethanol) is a psychoactive drug. In countries that have a drinking culture, social stigma may cause many people not to view alcohol as a drug because it is an important part of social events. In these countries, many young binge drinkers prefer to call themselves "hedonists" rather than "binge drinkers" or "recreational drug users".
Undergraduate students often position themselves outside the categories of "serious" or "anti-social" drinkers. However, about 40 percent of college students in the United States could be considered alcoholics according to new criteria in "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders 5".
Legal status.
Alcohol laws are laws in relation to the manufacture, use, influence and sale of ethanol or alcoholic beverages that contain ethanol. Alcohol laws often seek to reduce the availability of alcoholic beverages, often with the stated purpose of reducing the health and social side effect of their consumption. In particular, such laws specify the legal drinking age which usually varies between 16 and 25 years, depending upon the country and the type of drink. Some nations do not have a legal drinking or purchasing age, but most set the age at 18 years. This can also take the form of distribution only in licensed stores or in monopoly stores. Often, this is combined with some form of alcohol taxation. In some jurisdictions alcoholic beverages have been totally prohibited for reasons of religion (e.g., Islamic countries with certain interpretations of sharia law) or perceived public morals and health (e.g., Prohibition in the United States from 1920 to 1933).
Religious aspects.
Some religions forbid, discourage, or restrict the drinking of alcoholic beverages for various reasons. These include Islam, Jainism, Sikhism, the Bahá'í Faith, the Church of God In Christ, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, the Seventh-day Adventist Church, the Church of Christ, Scientist, the United Pentecostal Church International, Theravada, most Mahayana schools of Buddhism, some Protestant denominations of Christianity, some sects of Taoism (Five Precepts (Taoism) and Ten Precepts (Taoism)), and some sects of Hinduism. In some regions with a dominant religion the production, sale, and consumption of alcoholic beverages is forbidden to everybody, regardless of religion. For instance, some Islamic states, including member states of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation, such as Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Brunei, Iran, Kuwait, Libya, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, and Yemen, prohibit alcoholic beverages because they are forbidden by Islam.
In some religions alcoholic beverages are used for ritual purposes. For example, the Roman Catholic Church uses wine in the celebration of the Eucharist; in Judaism kosher wine is used in holidays and rituals.
Carnival in the Netherlands is historically a Roman Catholic feast which is well known for its excessive drinking of alcohol.
Alcoholic beverages listed by type of base material.
The names of some alcoholic beverages are determined by their base material.

</doc>
<doc id="18948057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948057" title="Julia Stewart (businesswoman)">
Julia Stewart (businesswoman)

Julia A. Stewart (born 1955) is an American businesswoman and the Chief Executive of DineEquity, America's largest casual dining company. DineEquity was formed in 2007 when Stewart led IHOP to take over the larger Applebee's for US$1.9 billion and debt. Prior to the takeover, Stewart had led IHOP through 18 consecutive quarters of growth by moving over to a primarily franchise-driven business model. Prior to joining IHOP in 2001, she was president of Applebee's domestic division. In 2007 Stewart ranked 49 on the "Forbes Magazine" list of the 50 Most Powerful Women. 

</doc>
<doc id="18948068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948068" title="Adelaide, Countess of Auxerre">
Adelaide, Countess of Auxerre

Adelaide of Auxerre (1251–1290) was a daughter of Eudes of Burgundy and Mathildis II of Bourbon. In 1262 she succeeded her mother as Countess of Auxerre. In 1268 she married John I of Chalon, Lord of Rochefort, son of John – they had one child, William (died 1304).

</doc>
<doc id="18948076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948076" title="2007 Kremlin Cup – Women's Doubles">
2007 Kremlin Cup – Women's Doubles

Květa Peschke and Francesca Schiavone were the defending champions, but Schiavone chose not to participate, and only Peschke competed that year.
Peschke partnered with Rennae Stubbs, but lost in the quarterfinals to Iveta Benešová and Galina Voskoboeva.
Cara Black and Liezel Huber won in the final 4–6, 6–1, 10–7, against Victoria Azarenka and Tatiana Poutchek.

</doc>
<doc id="18948080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948080" title="Angelo Traina">
Angelo Traina

Angelo Traina (January 22, 1889 - November 4, 1971), also known as A. B. Traina, was a Biblical scholar, best known for his emphasis on restoring "Semitic proper names to their Aramaic and Hebrew forms".
Traina was born in Sicily, into a Catholic family. They later moved to New York City, where he left home at the age of 13, ending up in Buffalo. Part of a group of drinking and gambling youths, he was part of a conspiracy to disrupt a revival meeting, but instead converted, joining a Protestant church. He later worked for Aimee Semple McPherson.
His Biblical studies resulted in his translating the "The Sacred Name New Testament" (1950), with C. O. Dodd, the first example of a sacred name Bible. He went on to translate the Hebrew and Aramaic scriptures also, in "The Holy Name Bible containing the Holy Name Version of the Old and New Testaments" (1963). A fifth edition was published in 1989 by the Scripture Research Association, based in New Jersey.
He also wrote many pamphlets and articles, many of which were published in the magazine "The Faith". Traina was one of the early figures in the Sacred Name Movement, having been a featured speaker at the 1938 Feast of Tabernacles Camp Meeting near Warrior, Alabama, an event which is seen by some as the launching of the movement.

</doc>
<doc id="18948091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948091" title="Free Burma Rangers">
Free Burma Rangers

The Free Burma Rangers (FBR) are a mainly Christian pro-active, pro-democracy humanitarian group who work throughout Burma (also known as Myanmar) but concentrate primarily on the heavily forested border region, delivering emergency medical assistance to sick and injured internally displaced people, or IDP's; a consequence of the long running campaign of violence by the military junta, the State Peace and Development Council, against Burma's ethnic minorities.
FBR trains teams of men and women in frontline medical treatment and reconnaissance techniques. In addition to delivering humanitarian relief, a secondary role of the teams is to obtain evidence of military violence and human rights abuse. This information is then published in the form of online reports and / or released to larger international human rights groups, inter-governmental organisations such as the UN, and news agencies.
FBR is one of a number of grass roots organisations (see Mae Tao Clinic & Back Pack Health Worker Team [http://web.archive.org/web/20091027044634/http://geocities.com/maesothtml/bphwt/) which have emerged in response to the growing health needs of Burma’s persecuted ethnic underclass. FBR are not supported by either the Thai or Burmese authorities and their activity inside the Burmese border is clandestine.
Mission statement.
‘"To bring help, hope and love to people of all faiths and ethnicities in the war zones of Burma, to shine a light on the actions of the dictators' army, to stand with the oppressed, and to support leaders and organizations committed to liberty, justice and service".’
History.
FBR was formed in the late 1990s following an escalation of Burmese military activity against the Karen people. Villages were destroyed, people killed and more than 100,000 people forced from their homes in a program of violence which was designed to remove people from land in order to make way for developing business interests.
The history, character and on-going activity of the Rangers is closely linked to its American founder, Tha-U-Wah-A-Pah (his assumed Karen pseudonym, henceforth TUWAP): a Fuller Theological Seminary-educated Pastor and ex-member of the U.S. Special Forces. Having already spent a number of years as a missionary in Burma, in 1996, following a chance meeting with Aung San Suu Kyi, the leader of the National League for Democracy, TUWAP was inspired to initiate a ‘Global Day of Prayer’ [http://www.prayforburma.org/IDX/Prayer/Day_of_Prayer/] and help to strengthen unity between the majority Burman population and the various minority ethnic groups. TUWAP was then in Burma during the Army Offensives of 1997, distributing medicine to those displaced by the conflict, and it was during this time that he decided to employ his broad mixture of skills to bring a unique brand of humanitarian relief to a greater number.
In the words of the FBR leader, “Burma is [...] a slow, creeping cancer, in which the regime is working to dominate, control, and radically assimilate all the ethnic peoples of the country.”
In January 2013 footage obtained by the Free Burma Rangers and released to the world's media was instrumental in stopping continued Burmese military offensives against the Kachin Independence Army in the north of Myanmar.
FBR Teams.
Every year about 15 multi-ethnic teams, including representatives from the Karen, Karenni, Shan, Arakan, Kachin (Jingpo) and other ethnic groups complete the intensive Ranger training.
The training program is delivered with the help of other specialist organisations, including the Mae Tao Clinic and covers a diverse and comprehensive mix of practical relief, survival skills and socio-political awareness, including:
Break down of full-time relief teams by ethnic origin
Overview of FBR relief operations since 1997
Total teams trained: over 260
Relief missions conducted: over 900
Patients treated: over 500,000
People helped: over 1,100,000
Free Burma Rangers and Rambo.
The film Rambo 4 was released worldwide in early 2008, with Sylvester Stallone continuing his role as the eponymous hero. In it, a fictionalised Burmese military played the role of the 'evil oppressors' and, although the film didn't make it to Burmese cinema screens, it became a huge underground success amongst the Burmese population. It is interesting to note that research for the movie was obtained, in large part, from FBR field reports.
While there is a dearth of information about the atrocities taking place inside Burmese borders, the evidence which groups like FBR make available helps to build a case for the international community to take action against the regime.

</doc>
<doc id="18948092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948092" title="John I, Count of Auxerre">
John I, Count of Auxerre

John I of Chalon-Auxerre (1243–1309) was a son of John, Count of Chalon and his third wife, Isabella van Courtenay - his brother was bishop Hugo III of Chalon. John I married Adelaide of Auxerre and they ruled jointly as Count of Auxerre. John was the father of William of Chalon.

</doc>
<doc id="18948101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948101" title="Guillermo Pérez (taekwondo)">
Guillermo Pérez (taekwondo)

Guillermo Pérez Sandoval (born October 14, 1979 in Uruapan, Michoacán) is an Olympic gold medal-winning Mexican taekwondo practitioner. Pérez stands at 171 cm and weighs 58 kg.
At the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, China, Pérez won the gold medal in the −58 kg category. Pérez defeated Dominican Gabriel Mercedes on August 20, 2008. The match ended 1–1 after four rounds, but Pérez was deemed superior by unanimous decision.
Early years.
Pérez started taekwondo at 5 years old, citing Bruce Lee films as his inspiration. By the age of 10, Pérez won his first state tournament in Michoacán. Such success was the gate to compete nationally, earning a bronze medal in his first national competition. In 1989, he achieved first place at the national infant competition. In 1995 he traveled to Ottawa to assist his first international competition, placing second. Later on in 1996, he was the first place winner at the Taekwondo U.S. Open, in which more than 60 countries participated.
Mexican National Team.
Pérez moved to Puebla in 1999 to train with the Olympic champion William de Jesús, who helped give 20-year-old Pérez the experience to get into the national team after unsuccessfully trying to enter it before. He finally became part of the Mexican taekwondo team that traveled to the Pan American Games of 1999 in Winnipeg, Canada.
In April 2005, he traveled to Madrid to compete in the 2005 World Taekwondo Championships, placing ninth. Three years later, he won second place at the Dutch Open, which gave him the opportunity to participate in the Beijing 2007 World Taekwondo Championships in the flyweight (−58 kg) category. There, Pérez won the silver medal, losing to Juan Antonio Ramos of Spain in the final.
Gold Medal.
Earning the gold medal put Pérez among a select few for Mexico, giving the feat historical importance. His win marked only the third gold medal for Mexico since the 2000 Olympics in Sydney, and the first for a male since the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, the 11th gold medal ever for the Mexicans, and the country's 53rd overall Olympic medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18948105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948105" title="Adelaide of Auxerre">
Adelaide of Auxerre

Adelaide of Auxerre or Adelaide of Burgundy can be used interchangeably and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18948119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948119" title="The Tony Rock Project">
The Tony Rock Project

The Tony Rock Project is a sketch comedy television series that premiered on October 8, 2008 on MyNetworkTV. The show stars Tony Rock, John Heffron and Whitney Cummings. It served as the lead-in for Flavor Flav's sitcom, "Under One Roof".

</doc>
<doc id="18948149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948149" title="Jainism in North Karnataka">
Jainism in North Karnataka

Jainism in North Karnataka flourished under the Chalukyas, Kadamba and Rashtrakutas, and Vijayanagara empire. 
Imbued with an intense religious feeling, lavish patronage was extended towards the building of basadis, temples and magnificent statues. Jainism enjoyed the highest repute among the people particularly the ruling classes and the mercantile community thus virtually becoming the state religion.
Introduction.
The earliest dated structure is a basadi at Halasi built under the Kadamba Dynasty of Banavasi thus laying the foundation for Jain architecture in North Karnataka. 
Besides the Kadambas, the Chalukyas and the Rashtrakutas made liberal endowments towards the propagation of art and architecture to which the Jain contributions have been of classical significance. 
The Chalukyas of Badami built cave temples at Badami and Aihole. Puligere was a strong centre of religious activities of the Jain monks during this era. 
Imbued with an intense religious feeling, lavish patronage was extended towards the building of basadis, temples and magnificent statues. 
Many Jain basadis erected by them are proof of their secular spirit in encouraging this religion.
Jain architecture can be classified into two categories namely basadis and bettas. 
Basadi is a Jain monastery or temple where an image of one of the twenty-four tirthankaras (saints) is installed and worshipped. They were built in the Dravidian style and the oldest basadi can be traced back to the 8th century AD. Betta is a hill with an open courtyard containing the image of Gommata or Gommateswara. Lakkundi and Humcha or Humbaj have, over the centuries, been some of the important centres of Jains, in South India.
North Karnataka contributed richly to the development of Jaina architecture 
in Karnataka. After the seventeenth century, the construction of Jaina temples did not become artistic creations but served the religion. Thus the long tradition of Jaina monuments which perhaps started by the early centuries of the Christian era ended by the eighteenth century AD. in North Karnataka.
Contribution to Kannada literature.
The literary zeal of the Jains continued well into the age of the Rashtrakutas, covering not only religion but 
also embracing many secular branches of learning including mathematics and astronomy. Giant literary figures 
like Pampa, Ponna and Ranna, thrived under the enlightened rule of the kings of this dynasty.
Literary figures of the Jains.
The Kannada poet Adikavi Pampa’s works include Vikramarjuna Vijaya, also known as "Pampa Bharata", "Adipurana", narrating the story of Rishabha, the first tirthankara. 
Ranna was the author of "Sahasra Bhima Vijaya", describing the fight between Bhima and Duryodhana. "Neminatha Purana", a history of the 22nd tirthankara, provides a Jain interpretation for the story of Krishna and the Pandavas. Under the patronage of Amoghavarsha I, "Ganithasarasangraha" was a work on mathematics by Mah%C4%81v%C4%ABra_(mathematician).
Monuments in North Karnataka.
Jainism exerted considerable influence over the cultural life of Karnataka during the rule of the Rashtrakutas. Several basadis were erected for the further propagation of the religion in the State. Important among them is the Parsvanatha Basadi at Ron with its exquisitely carved grills depicting gandharvas in scrollwork.
Kadambas.
Kadambas of Banavasi who were known to be patrons of Jainism as evidenced by their inscriptions.
The earliest references to a grant by a Kadamba king to a Jaina saint is found in the Halasi copper plate of kakusthavarman. The Jaina temple at Halasi belongs to a period later 11th century AD.
Badami Chalukyas.
After the rule of the Kadambas of Banavasi most parts of north Karnataka came under the rule of the early Chalukya or Badami Chalukyas.
The Jaina architectural beginnings made earlier by the Kadambas of Banavasi, crystallised into better structures in stone during the early Chalukyas (Badami Chalukyas) period. Badami Chalukyas used stone as the medium of their architecture.
Badami Chalukyas known for their rock cut temples as well as structural temples, The 4th cave is the Jaina cave dedicated to Adinatha Tirthankara.
Aihole has Jaina cave temple, it has an open mandapa and a Sabhamandapa. Garbhgriha has the sculpture of Mahavira in Padmasana. On the sides are yaksha and yakshi standing. 
Open mandapa has high relief sculptures of Parsvanatha and Bahubali. 
Other Jain temples are Meguti Jinalaya at Aihole, Sankha Jinalaya at Lakshmeshwar is dedicated to Neminatha(built by Kumkuma Mahadevi), Kali temple built a temple at Annigeri(during the period of Kirtivarman II), Jinalaya at Hallur, The Jinalaya at Adur(built by Dharmagamunda) in Hangal taluk.
Rastrakutas.
Rastrakutas period as the golden age of Jainsim in Karnataka. Amoghavarsha I used to consider himself purified by the very remembrance of his guru Jinasenacharya. He had appointed the famous Jaina saint Gunabhadra as the teacher for his son Krishna. Krishna gave liberal donations to the Jaina temple at Mulgund. 
Many of the Rashtrakuta feudatories like Rattas of Saundatti were staunch supporters of Jainism, an estimate of at least one third of the total population of the Deccan during the period were Jains.
The Jaina monuments of the Rashtrakutas period are found at Pattadakal, Malkhed, Lakshmeshwar, Koppal, Bankur, of North Karnataka
The Jaina temple at Pattadakal, is believed to have been built either during the time of Amoghavarsha I (814-874 AD) or Krishna I (c. 770 AD). 
The Neminatha basadi at Malkhed, the capital of the Rashtrakutas belongs to the 9th century A. D. Unfortunately the original structure has been repaired often and hence it is difficult to know its original features. Other sculptures found here are those of Parsvanatha, Dharanendra and Padmavati. 
Jaina temple at Naregal(Narayana temple) is the biggest Rashtrakuta temple in Karnataka, in Ron taluk of Gadag District was built during the period of Krishna III, by Padmabbarasi, the queen of Ganga Permadi Bhutayya in 950 AD. It has a sikhara of Dravida vimana type over the garbhagriha.
Jaina basadi at Konnur in Dharwad District was built during the period of Amoghavarsha I, by Bankesa in 860 AD, The unique feature of this temple is the star shaped gabhagriha, which later became a unique feature of the Hoysala temples 
Settavva temple at Aihole is another storeyed basadi. It is more elaborate in execution. It is also a trikuta. Besides it has three ardhamandapas and a common navaranga.
Basadi at Bankur in Gulbarga District seems to belong to the end of the Rashrakuta period. There are many fine sculptures in this temple. Notable among them are Adinatha, Chandraprabha, Santinatha, Parsvanatha, Mahavira, Padmavati, high relief sculptures of twenty-four tirthankaras.
Kalyani Chalukyas.
Most parts of North Karnataka came under the rule of Kalyani Chalukyas With the decline of the Rashtrakutas, they built Jaina temples, granted gifts to Jaina establishments and individual saints. The development of Kalamukhas on the one side and the Virasaivism of Basavanna on the other were making great progress in North Karnataka and naturally this did not give enough scope for Jainism to blossom as it did in the earlier Rashtrakuta period. 
Attimabbe, known as danachintamani is a well known personality of this period. She is said to have made one 1000 copies of Ponna's Santi purana and distributed as Sastradana. Attimabbe built a Jaina temple at Lakkundi to which the king 
provided a golden Kalasa. Somesvara's minister Santinatha persuaded Lakhma to build the Mallikamoda Santinatha basadi at Baligrama. 
The Chalukyas of Kalyana were great temple builders all over Karnataka and they brought out new development in various components of temple. 
Chalukyas at Lakkundi and other places. The most important Jaina temples of this period are 
progress in architectural work but also uses finer grained schist instead of the usual granite. 
through his subordinate Kesavayya Setti made arrangements for certain repairs, additions and endowments. 
The main temple of this group is dedicated to Mahavira. 
Other Jaina temples of the Kalyani Chalukyas period include
Vijayanagara empire.
Important monument of the period in this district is the Chaturmukha basadi located at Gerusoppa. Though its builder is not known definitely, it is generally believed that queen Chennabhairadevi was responsible for the construction of this basadi. The other temples in Gerusoppe are Neminatha basadi, Vardhamana basadi and two Parsvanatha basadis. 
The Chandranatha temple at Bhatkal is another structure of this period. Actually it is known as Jettappa Nayakana Chandranathesvara basadi. It consists of two blocks of buildings joined together by intervening porch in east and west. The western portion has two storeys. The interior is plain. The eastern portion serves as a porch to the temple. The garbhagriha has the sculptures of Rishabhanatha, Chandranatha and Mallinatha.
The Ratnatraya basadi at Bilgi is almost similar to the basadi at Bhatkal. But it is nirandhara. The three garbhagrihas have Neminatha, Parsvanatha and Mahavira. 
The sculpture of Chandranatha is very elegant and show the Vijayanagara workmanship. In the Vijayanagara period the construction of Chaturmukha basadis gained popularity.
Jain Temples.
The Badami Chalukyas encouraged Jainism. There is one cave temple at Badami. 
Meguti Jain temple with Dravidian style of architecture on a raised platform on a hillock and steps leads to the large mukhamantapa. We can have a panoramic view of the temples of Aihole from here. 
There is inscription which records the construction of the temple during Pulakeshi II by a scholar Ravikeerthi. and the Aihole inscription (dated 634 CE), Poetry on stone at Meguti temple Aihole in Sanskrit language and old Kannada script.
Religious organizations.
The Dakshin Bharat Jain Sabha is a religious and social service organization of the Jains of South India. The organization is headquartered at Kolhapur, Maharashtra, India. The association is credited with being one of the first Jain associations to start reform movements among the Jains in modern India. The organization mainly seeks to represent the interests of the native Jains of Maharashtra (Marathi Jains), Karnataka (Kannada Jains) and Goa.

</doc>
<doc id="18948155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948155" title="Sajjad Moradi">
Sajjad Moradi

Sajjad Moradi (, born 30 March 1983) is an Iranian middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 metres and 1500 metres. He holds multiple national records for Iran from various track disciplines. Moradi is a gold medalist in the Asian Games, Asian Athletics Championships, Asian Indoor Games, and Universiade. He also competed at three Summer Olympic Games in 2004, 2008, and 2012.
Biography.
He was born in Lordegan. Sajjad is the older brother of Amir Moradi (born 1990), who is also an elite track athlete specializing in the 800 and 1500 metres. 
Running career.
2004 Summer Olympics.
Barely 21 years old, Moradi ran sixth heat at the men's 800 metres at the 2004 Summer Olympics with a time of 1:49.10, exiting in the first round. In his heat, Moradi lost out to older and more experienced Ivan Heshko and Amine Laâlou.
2008 Summer Olympics.
Moradi ran both the men's 800 metres at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and the men's 1500 metres of the same competition. For the 800, he narrowly missed qualification for the final 800, running a 1:46.08 just one place behind the last finals qualifier.
2012 Summer Olympics.
Moradi ran the men's 800 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. He ran fifth heat of the race and ran a time of 1:48.23, qualifying for the next round. In the semifinal, however, he got disqualified for a lane violation. 

</doc>
<doc id="18948157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948157" title="LOK (band)">
LOK (band)

LOK was a Swedish hardcore band formed in 1995 and disbanded in 2002.
The band.
History.
The band was created in Partille, a suburb to Göteborg in 1995, as a fusion of the two rock bands "PsychoBetaBuckDown" (with Martin as vocalist) and "Hyperbug" (with Johan as bassist). The two bands shared the same rehearsal space and had played together a few times. The bands had also finished second and first respectively in a communal rock band competition in 1994. Martin and Johan decided to play together in the 1995 competition and Johan also changed from bass to his original instrument, drums. They needed a guitarist and a bassist and found Daniel (from the band "In a Pig's Eye") and Thomas (from the Judas Priest cover band "Just as Priest").
Their first rehearsal was held in August 1995, with Martin singing in English for about ten minutes before fooling around and starting to sing in Swedish. It sounded strange, and they decided to continue with Swedish lyrics. The name of the band, which is an abbreviation of locomotive in Swedish, was chosen as a reference to their music style; "heavy, relentless and totally over-running"!
They won two large music competitions in the next nine months, being awarded with studio time and the production of two singles. Their first album was released in November 1996 and contained six songs. The band signed their first contract with the record label company Stockholm Records in the summer of 1997, and recorded their new album during 1998. They also performed at the Hultsfred Festival for the first time the same year. In 2000 they performed at Roskilde Festival on the green stage in front of 17.500 people.
LOK made their last appearance ever in Malmö, in the autumn of 2002. They played in Göteborg for the last time just a few days before that; the gig was recorded and became a live album, their last release. After problems between the members, the band was declared dead. They said that they had showed Sweden that hardcore music could be in Swedish, and after five albums, their purpose had been reached, and thus there was no reason to continue.
Two of the former members, Martin Westerstrand and Daniel Cordero along with two new members, started the band Rallypack in 2004 and recorded the album 'Sod Off, God! We Believe In Our Rockband' being their first and last English record and the only record under the name Rallypack.
Rallypack became Lillasyster in 2006, and released their debut album "Hjärndöd musik för en hjärndöd generation" (Braindead Music For A Braindead Generation) in May 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18948163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948163" title="Patrick Chalmers (MP)">
Patrick Chalmers (MP)

Patrick Chalmers FSA (31 October 1802 – 23 June 1854) was a British soldier, writer and politician.
He was the son of another Patrick Chalmers, a merchant from Aldbar, from whom he inherited Aldbar Castle. After being educated in Germany he studied at Oxford University, which he left before obtaining a degree. He then joined the army, serving in Ireland as part of the 3rd Dragoon Guards, where he rose to the rank of captain. In 1826, after his father's death, he sold his commission and returned to Aldbar. In 1832 he attempted to run for office as the Member of Parliament for Montrose Burghs, but was defeated by Horatio Ross. He ran again in 1835 and succeeded, being reelected in 1837 and 1841. In 1842 he was forced to resign due to ill-health, having an unidentified disease at the base of his spine, becoming the first Member of Parliament to be appointed as Steward of the Manor of Northstead.
In later life he became an amateur Antiquarian, being appointed a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London on 24 January 1850 and writing a book "The Sculptured Monuments of the County of Angus" describing work he had come across. His health returned in later years, with some suggesting that he run for reelection in the next general election, but on a journey with some young relatives on a continental tour in 1854 he was struck by smallpox, immediately followed by a second bout of the spinal disease that had forced him to resign. Under the care of doctors not familiar with him, he contracted dysentery, of which he died on 23 June.

</doc>
<doc id="18948171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948171" title="Stella Feehily">
Stella Feehily

Stella Feehily is a London-born Irish playwright and actor. Her plays include "Game" (2003), which was produced by , Dublin, and was published in an anthology of first plays by New Island. She is the author of "Duck" (2003) and "O Go My Man" (2006), both of which were first performed in co-productions by Out of Joint theatre company and the Royal Court Theatre. 
"O Go My Man" was a co-winner of the Susan Smith Blackburn award in 2006.
With four other female writers she co-wrote "Catch" (2006) (Royal Court Theatre), and for the Royal Court's Rough Cuts season wrote "Think Global, Fuck local", about the social and sexual lives of NGO and aid workers. 
In 2009, Feehily's play "Dreams of Violence", which is published by Nick Hern Books, received its premiere in a co-production between Soho Theatre and Out of Joint.
Her radio plays include "Julia Roberts Teeth" (2003), which was broadcast on BBC Radio 3, and "Sweet Bitter" (2003), broadcast on Lyric Radio in association with Fishamble Theatre company,
Feehily was previously an actress, and played regular character Sorcha Byrne in Irish soap opera Fair City.
She is married to the British theatre director Max Stafford-Clark.

</doc>
<doc id="18948180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948180" title="Bulgarian Sportsperson of the Year">
Bulgarian Sportsperson of the Year

Bulgarian Sportperson of the Year (, "Sportist na godinata na Balgariya") is an annual award given to the best Bulgarian sportsperson of the year. The winner is selected by authorized journalists. The award was established by the "Naroden Sport" newspaper and specifically by Aleksandar Yasnikov. It was first given in 1958 to the basketball player Vanya Voynova. The person with the most awards is high-jumper Stefka Kostadinova with four. Traditionally, the award is given at the Sportsperson of the Year Ball which is attended by journalists, sportspeople, social figures, intellectuals, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="18948194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948194" title="Baustelle">
Baustelle

Baustelle is an indie rock band from Siena, Italy.
Biography.
Formed in the mid-'90s in the Tuscan town of Montepulciano, Italy, Baustelle (a German word that means "construction site" - or "building site" in English) didn't receive much mainstream attention for their first two albums, 2000's "Sussidiario Illustrato della Giovinezza" and 2003's "La Moda del Lento". It was their third one, however, that finally brought them acclaim. Composed of leader Francesco Bianconi on vocals, guitar, and synths, Rachele Bastreghi on vocals and keys, Claudio Brasini on guitar, and Claudio Chiari on drums, the band released "La Malavita" on Warner Bros.. Italy in 2005. Mixing the romantic sounds of British artists like the Smiths and Depeche Mode, with Italian composers like Ennio Morricone and Angelo Badalamenti and American acts like Television and Scott Walker, as well as with modern sounds of electronica and indie rock, the record gained immediate attention in the group's home country, resulting in an extensive nationwide tour. In 2010 the band release "I Mistici dell'Occidente" and in 2013 "Fantasma".
Members.
Francesco Bianconi - lyrics, vocals, guitar, keyboard
Rachele Bastreghi - vocals, keyboard, percussion
Claudio Brasini - guitar
Past members.
Fabrizio Massara - keyboard, mastering
Claudio Chiari - drums, percussion
Curiosity.
2008 "Amen"'s 10th track is "Alfredo", a song about 1981 well-known accident in which Alfredo Rampi lost his life.

</doc>
<doc id="18948203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948203" title="List of districts in Greenwich">
List of districts in Greenwich

This list of districts in the Royal Borough of Greenwich includes the following settlements:
The borough is predominantly in the SE postcode area, with some small sections in the BR and DA postcode areas.

</doc>
<doc id="18948206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948206" title="Central United Church">
Central United Church

Central United Church is a historic congregation of the United Church of Canada located in the community of Weston, now a neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Founded in , the church has occupied the same site on Weston Road in Toronto since then. 
The congregation began as part of the Methodist Episcopal Church, a forerunner of both the Methodist Church of Canada (1884) and the United Church of Canada (1925). The first church building, a log structure, was erected in 1821, followed by a larger brick church constructed in 1849. The present building, dedicated in 1887, and built in the Gothic Revival style, has been altered and updated on several occasions, but retains the landmark tower. The tower includes examples of abat-sons. The church was one of the final projects of William Henry Mallory Sr., architect.
The congregation has a unique musical heritage. The organ, constructed by Casavant Frères, was dedicated in 1950 as a memorial to members of the congregation who gave their lives in the Second World War. The Chancellors, a youth choir active from 1968 to 1980, produced five record albums and toured extensively. 
The congregation has been served by several notable clergy, including Egerton Ryerson, historian George Playter and E.A. Pearson, the father of Prime Minister Lester B. Pearson. 
Today, the church is well known for outreach into the community through the Weston King Neighbourhood Centre. The Centre provides meals, education and advocacy.
Michael Kooiman is the minister of Central United Church.

</doc>
<doc id="18948218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948218" title="Ralph Mansfield, 4th Baron Sandhurst">
Ralph Mansfield, 4th Baron Sandhurst

Ralph Sheldon Mansfield, 4th Baron Sandhurst, OBE (19 July 1892–1964) was the son of John William Mansfield, 3rd Baron Sandhurst. Mansfield became 4th Baron Sandhurst upon the death of his father, John William Mansfield, the 3rd Baron Sandhurst, in 1933.
Biography.
He was educated at Winchester College and Trinity College, Cambridge.
Military service.
During World War I he served with the Royal Engineers Signal Service, and was made OBE in 1918. In 1939 he was commissioned as a Major in the Royal Corps of Signals in 1939 and worked for MI8.
Family.
He married Morley Victoria Upcher (died 17 June 1961), daughter of Edward Berners Upcher, on 8 February 1917. They had three children:

</doc>
<doc id="18948234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948234" title="M'Clintock Channel">
M'Clintock Channel

M'Clintock Channel (also spelled McClintock Channel) is located in the territory of Nunavut, Canada. The channel, an arm of the Arctic Ocean, divides Victoria Island from Prince of Wales Island. This channel is named after Sir Francis Leopold McClintock, an Irish explorer in the British Royal Navy, famous for his Canadian Arctic explorations. The channel is 170 miles (274 km) long, and between wide, making it one of the largest channels in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago.

</doc>
<doc id="18948239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948239" title="Nikon Coolpix P6000">
Nikon Coolpix P6000

The Coolpix P6000 is a digital camera introduced by the Nikon Corporation in August 2008.
The built-in GPS (to support geocoding photos automatically) is a first in its price-range.
The Ethernet port is also an unusual feature, but the camera is configured to only allow access to Nikon's my Picturetown online photo service.
The P6000 was succeeded in 2010 by the larger Coolpix 7000 which lacks GPS. 
NRW – raw format.
The raw image format for the Nikon P6000 is NRW. This format is supported in Windows using the Windows Imaging Component (WIC) and on Mac OS X after installation of the Digital Camera Raw Compatibility Update 2.3. On other systems, it will require special software plugins. Adobe Camera Raw 4.6[http://labs.adobe.com/wiki/index.php/Camera_Raw_4.6] included preliminary support, and full support is provided in Adobe Camera Raw 5.2.

</doc>
<doc id="18948246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948246" title="Matilda II, Countess of Nevers">
Matilda II, Countess of Nevers

Matilda II, Countess of Nevers, also known as "Maud of Dampierre" or "Mathilda II of Bourbon" (1234/35-1262) was a daughter of Archambaud IX of Bourbon and Yolande de Châtillon, Countess of Nevers. As heiress to the counties of Nevers, Auxerre and Tonnerre, she was married off to Odo, Count of Nevers, also known as "Eudes", the son and heir of Hugh IV, Duke of Burgundy. By this marriage Eudes reunited two important areas that had previously been united as the Duchy of Burgundy, but he died leaving no male heirs and so the united territory passed to his brother Robert II, Duke of Burgundy. After her father's death Maud also became Lady of Bourbon.
With Odo she had three children:

</doc>
<doc id="18948257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948257" title="Andrzej Woźniak">
Andrzej Woźniak


</doc>
<doc id="18948265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948265" title="Puerto Del Rey Marina">
Puerto Del Rey Marina

Puerto del Rey Marina is a marina located in Fajardo, Puerto Rico. With a capacity of 1,100 boats, it is one of the largest marinas in the Caribbean.
General description.
Completed in 1988, Puerto del Rey Marina is operating at near its capacity of 700 slips on concrete fixed piers and 450 covered dry racks for smaller boats three-high, with extra spaces along piers and at anchor for transient boats.
Open year-round, the marina's busiest boating season is from October through April. Only 30 of the 1,150 boats are used as liveaboard residences. Boats range in size from 30 feet up to 150-foot yachts.
In addition to slips and rack storage, Puerto del Rey Marina offers a wide and unique mix of other services-unusual in the Caribbean. For boat care, there is a full-service boatyard that moves boats with a combination of a 60-ton hydraulic trailer, a 77-ton travel lift, and three marina forklift trucks. Maintenance services include painting and repairs to hulls, fiberglass, and engines. A fuel dock with pumpout is available at the harbormaster's pier. There are no other marinas within a radius of 2 miles, and there is a combined fleet of nearly 2,000 recreational boats in the Fajardo area. 
For boaters' comfort, extra-wide fixed (nonfloating) piers accommodate a large number of people walking and motorized carts driven by marina staff who ferry people to and from parking lots to their boat slips as far 1,200 feet seaward.
Management measures.
Puerto del Rey Marina complies with the marina management measure for marina flushing, as well as the measures for water quality assessment, shoreline stabilization, storm water runoff control, fueling station design, sewage facility, maintenance of sewage facilities, solid waste, liquid materials, petroleum control, boat cleaning, and public education.

</doc>
<doc id="18948279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948279" title="Climate change in Massachusetts">
Climate change in Massachusetts

Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick has recently signed into law three global warming and energy-related bills that will promote advanced biofuels, support the growth of the clean energy technology industry, and cut the emissions of greenhouse gases within the state.
The Clean Energy Biofuels Act, signed in late July, exempts cellulosic ethanol from the state's gasoline tax, but only if the ethanol achieves a 60% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions relative to gasoline. The act also requires all diesel motor fuels and all No. 2 fuel oil sold for heating to include at least 2% "substitute fuel" by July 2010, where substitute fuel is defined as a fuel derived from renewable non-food biomass that achieves at least a 50% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions. The requirement for both motor diesel fuel and heating oil increases by a percentage point per year until 2013, after which it holds steady 5%. The act also allows the state to expand the requirement to other forms of fuel oil, and it requires the state to work to establish a low-carbon fuel standard under the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative.
In early 2008 August, Governor Patrick signed two additional bills: the Green Jobs Act and the Global Warming Solutions Act. The Green Jobs Act will support the growth of a clean energy technology industry within the state, backed by $68 million in funding over 5 years. The Global Warming Solutions Act requires a reduction of greenhouse gas emissions in the state to 10%-25% below 1990 levels by 2020 and to 80% below 1990 levels by 2050. Under the act, the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection will carry the burdens of determining the baseline level of emissions in 1990 and creating a plan to meet the future emissions limits, including the establishment of interim limits for 2030 and 2040

</doc>
<doc id="18948298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948298" title="Arthur Charlesworth">
Arthur Charlesworth

Arthur Laurence Charlesworth (1898 – 4 January 1966) was an English footballer.
Charlesworth played for Hull City, Worksop Town, Doncaster Rovers and York City.

</doc>
<doc id="18948299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948299" title="KCOM">
KCOM

KCOM (1550 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Comanche, Texas, USA. The station is owned by Cherry Creek Radio, LLC and the license is held by CCR-Stephenville III, LLC.
KCOM broadcasts a Country Gospel music format that blends inspirational country music, Southern Gospel music, and bluegrass music.
History.
In October 1998, Arrowhead Broadcasting, Inc., reached an agreement to sell this station to Texas West Media, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC on December 10, 1998, and the transaction was consummated on February 1, 1999.
In February 2005, Texas West Media, Inc. (David B. Bacon, president/director) reached an agreement to sell this station to Cherry Creek Radio (Joseph D. Schwartz, CEO/president), through their CCR-Stephenville III, LLC, holding company, for a reported sale price of $164,000. The deal was approved by the FCC on August 2, 2005, and the transaction was consummated on September 30, 2005. At the time of the sale, the station aired a country music format.

</doc>
<doc id="18948312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948312" title="Home video">
Home video

Home video is a blanket term used for pre-recorded media that is either sold or rented/hired for home cinema entertainment. The term originates from the VHS/Betamax era, when the predominant medium was videotape, but has carried over into current optical disc formats like DVD and Blu-ray Disc and, to a lesser extent, into methods of digital distribution such as Netflix.
The home video business distributes films, telemovies and television series in the form of videos in various formats to the public. These are either bought or rented, then watched privately from the comfort of home by consumers. Most theatrically released films are now released on digital media, both optical (DVD or Blu-ray) and download-based, replacing the largely obsolete VHS (Video Home System) medium. The VCD format remains popular in Asia, though DVDs are gradually gaining popularity.
History.
Prior to the arrival of home video as a popular medium in the late 1970s, most feature films were essentially inaccessible to the public after their original theatrical runs were over. Some very popular films were given occasional theatrical re-releases, some could be seen in urban revival houses and the screening rooms of a handful of archives and museums, and beginning in the 1950s most could be expected to turn up on television eventually, but interrupted by commercials and very possibly at an inconvenient or impossible viewing time.
Those who could afford such luxuries could buy a 16 mm or 8 mm film projector and rent or buy home-use prints of some cartoons, short comedies and brief "highlights" reels edited from feature films. In the case of the 16 mm format, most of these were available with an optical soundtrack, and even some entire feature films in 16 mm could be rented or, at a steep price, bought. 8 mm films almost never ran longer than ten minutes, and only a few were available with a magnetic soundtrack late in the life of the format; the rest were silent. The Super 8 film format, introduced in 1965, was marketed for making home movies but it also boosted the popularity of show-at-home films. Eventually, longer and longer edited-down versions of feature films were issued, increasingly with a magnetic soundtrack and in color, but they were quite expensive and served only a small niche market of very dedicated or affluent film lovers.
The Betamax and VHS home videocassette formats were not introduced until 1975 and 1976 respectively and it took several years, and substantial price drops, before they started to become a widespread household fixture. Film studios and video distributors assumed that consumers would not want to actually buy prerecorded videocassettes, just rent them, and that virtually all of the sales would be to video rental stores. Prices were therefore set very high. Eventually, it was realized that many people "did" want to build their own video libraries as well as rent, if the price was right, and that a title which had sold a few hundred copies at $99 might sell tens or even hundreds of thousands of copies at $19.99 or $9.99.
The first company to duplicate and distribute home video was Magnetic Video, established as an audio and video duplication service for professional audio and television corporations in Farmington Hills, Michigan, USA, in 1968, although Avco's 1972 Cartrivision system preceded Magnetic Vision's expansion into home video by a few years.
Major United States players in the video rental business today include Netflix.
Special-interest video production.
Until the mid-1980s feature film theatrical releases such as "The Wizard of Oz", "Citizen Kane", or "Casablanca" were the mainstay of video marketing and helmed by large studios like Universal, 20th Century Fox and Disney. At that time, not many consumers owned a VCR, and those who did tended to rent rather than buy videos. Toward the end of that decade, a rise of smaller companies began creating special interest videos, also known as "non-theatrical programming" and "alternative programming," and "selling-through" to the consumer.
"Home video is an exciting new area of opportunity for adventuresome publishers willing to produce new programs. Today's limitations within the video marketplace may be gone tomorrow. More people are finding innovative ways to create visually stimulating entertainment and information for the video tape player... Like contemporary book publishing, you can produce and distribute yourself to very narrow markets or seek broad-based distributors for mass-oriented appeal"
Special Interest Video is a huge and steadily increasing venue for products exposing new and old subjects through the medium of camera and tape. It is a new form of publishing, a specialty line of products for vertical "readership" and an exploding territory of subjects, audiences and new uses. Six years ago, dog handling videos, back pain videos and cooking videos were suppositions on a drawing board. Three years ago these took life. Now, along with golf and skiing tapes these S.I. videos are beginning to claim a marketshare. The wild part of this new video publishing adventure is the wide diversity of support with which each product comes to the market. New technology has changed the territory. 
"Cambridge Associates puts the growth of the special interest genre at close to 600% in the last five years, to $625 million in supplier revenues last year."
Time gap until home video release.
A time period is usually allowed to elapse between the end of theatrical release and the home video release to encourage movie theater patronage and discourage piracy. Home video release dates usually follow five or six months after the theatrical release, although recently more films have been arriving on video after three or four months. (Christmas and other holiday-related movies are generally not released on home video until the following year when that holiday is celebrated again.)
Exceptions to the rule include the Steven Soderbergh film "Bubble". It was released in 2006 to theaters, cable TV and DVD only a few days apart. 
TV programs.
Many television programs are now also available in complete seasons on DVD. It has become popular practice for discontinued TV shows to be released to DVD one season at a time every few months, and active shows to be released on DVD after the end of each season. Prior to the television DVDs, most television shows were only viewable in syndication, or on limited 'best of' VHS releases of selected episodes. These copyrighted movies and programs generally have legal restrictions on them preventing them from (amongst other things) being shown in public venues, shown to other people for money, or copied for other than fair use purposes (although such ability is limited by some jurisdictionas and media formats: see below).
Pre-Certs.
After the passage of the Video Recordings (Labelling) Act of 1985 in the United Kingdom, videotapes and other video recordings without a certification symbol from the British Board of Film Classification (BBFC) on their covers - or on the tapes themselves - were no longer allowed to be sold or displayed by rental shops. These tapes are called "Pre-Certs" (e.g., Pre-certification tapes). Recently these tapes have generated a cult following, due to their collectability.
DRM.
There is great controversy about recent attempts to increase protections for rights owners using technical means such as Macrovision and CSS, and by the enactment of laws such as the DMCA, potentially hindering otherwise-lawful "fair-use" rights.

</doc>
<doc id="18948321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948321" title="Malaya at the Commonwealth Games">
Malaya at the Commonwealth Games

The Federation of Malaya sent teams to three Commonwealth Games. Their first were in 1950, and they also attended in 1958 and 1962. They won seven medals, all in Weightlifting. Athletes from Malaya continued to compete for Malaysia when that nation was formed in 1963.
North Borneo (NB) (now Sabah) and Sarawak (SAR) also competed separately at the 1958 and 1962 Games (but not winning any medals), and competed as part of Malaysia from 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="18948323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948323" title="MV Ice Prince">
MV Ice Prince

The MV "Ice Prince" was a 328 foot Greek-registered cargo ship which sank in the English channel on 15 January 2008, spilling 2,516 tonnes of timber, around 423 tonnes of intermediate fuel oil and 123 tonnes of marine diesel oil. Twenty crew members were rescued by HM Coastguard helicopter and Brixham lifeboat.
Timber from the cargo washed ashore along the south coast of England. Beaches along the south coast of England were closed to prevent looters taking away washed-up timber.

</doc>
<doc id="18948324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948324" title="Aksana Miankova">
Aksana Miankova

Aksana Miankova, also transliterated as Oksana Menkova, (, born March 28, 1982) is a Belarusian hammer thrower. She won the gold medal at 2008 Beijing Olympics with a throw of 76.34 metres, an Olympic record. Her personal best of 78.69 m ranks her as the second best woman of all-time.
Miankova began learning the hammer throw in her late teens. Women's hammer competitions were still a developing sport at that point and she soon won a number of regional competitions. She competed in the qualifying rounds of the 2002 European Athletics Championships and, after a silver medal at the 2003 European Athletics U23 Championships, she represented Belarus at the 2003 World Championships in Athletics. Her health suffered in the winter months during this period, however, and her lack of training time hindered her performance in her early career.
She finished fifth at the 2005 Summer Universiade and took part in the 2007 World Championships without reaching the final. She missed some of the 2010 season due to taking maternity leave from the sport. She gave birth to a daughter, Arina Menkova, in September that year and she vowed to return to top form in 2011.
She had a personal best throw of 78.19 metres in April 2012 in Brest. This was the third longest throw by a woman. She equalled this feat at the Olympic Champions meeting in Minsk two months later, then improved to 78.69 m in July, moving up to second of all time behind Betty Heidler.

</doc>
<doc id="18948325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948325" title="Hugh III, Count of Burgundy">
Hugh III, Count of Burgundy

Hugh III of Chalon, Count of Burgundy (1220–1266), also known as Hugues de Bourgogne, or Hugo of Salins was Count of Burgundy jure uxoris by his marriage to countess Adelaide I of Burgundy, on 1 November 1236, when he was aged 16. He was the son of John, Count of Chalon and his first wife, Mahaud (or Mahaut) of Burgundy.
He and Adelaide had the following children:
Hugh III's wife remarried to Philip I, Count of Savoy a year after his death and she was succeeded as count by Otto, one of her children by Hugh.

</doc>
<doc id="18948336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948336" title="Sylvain Lazarus">
Sylvain Lazarus

Sylvain Lazarus (born 1943) is a French sociologist, anthropologist and political theorist. He has also written under the pseudonym Paul Sandevince. Lazarus is a Professor at the Paris 8 University.
Life and work.
Sylvain Lazarus worked out a theory of the social function of political categorizations (cf. "The Anthropology of the Name", 1996), exploring in the anthropological field what his Lacanian friends Alain Badiou ("Being and Event", 1988) and Jean-Claude Milner ("The Indistinct Names", 1983) worked out, respectively, in the fields of philosophy, of linguistics and of psychoanalytic theory.
Lazarus's 1996 book 'Anthropologie du nom' ("The Anthropology of the Name") has not yet been translated into English. It was discussed at length by Alain Badiou in his "Abrégé de Métapolitique" (1998), now translated into English as "Metapolitics" (2005).
L'Organisation Politique.
Following the student uprisings of May 1968 in France, Lazarus was a founding member of the Union des communistes de France marxiste-léniniste (UCFml). To quote Badiou himself, the UCFml is "the Maoist organization established in late 1969 by Natacha Michel, Sylvain Lazarus, myself and a fair number of young people". Fifteen years later, Lazarus was a founding member (along with Badiou and Michel) of the militant French political organisation "L'Organisation Politique" which called itself a post-party organization concerned with direct popular intervention in a wide range of issues (including immigration, labor, and housing). In addition to numerous writings and interventions since the 1980s, "L'Organisation Politique" has stressed the importance of developing political prescriptions concerning undocumented migrants (in France referred to as "les sans papiers") and stresses that they must be conceived primarily as workers and not immigrants.
International Observatory on Suburbs and Outskirts.
Since the 1990s, Sylvain Lazarus focus his works on the French suburbs (the "banlieues"). With the French anthropologist Alain Bertho, he has founded in 2008 l'Observatoire international des banlieues et des périphéries (OIBP) and produces researches in France, Brazil and Senegal.

</doc>
<doc id="18948337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948337" title="1994">
1994

__NOTOC__
The last Russian troops were moved out of the Baltic states this year, in August.

</doc>
<doc id="18948341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948341" title="Robin Soans">
Robin Soans

Robin Soans (born 1947) is an actor, and a playwright specialising in verbatim and documentary plays. These plays include "Across the Divide" (2007); "A State Affair" (2000) which looked at life on a Bradford estate, produced by Out of Joint theatre company; "The Arab Israeli Cookbook" (Gate Theatre 2004); "Talking to Terrorists" (Out of Joint theatre company and Royal Court Theatre); and "Life After Scandal" (Hampstead Theatre). Other plays include "Bet Noir" (Young Vic 1986); "Sinners and Saints" (The Croydon Warehouse) and "Will and Testament" (The Oval House).
He wrote "Mixed Up North" for LAMDA theatre school in 2008, about a youth theatre group created as a means to unite divided racial communities in the Lancashire mill town of Burnley; in 2009 it was performed professionally in a co-production between Out of Joint theatre company and Bolton Octagon Theatre.
As an actor, he has appeared at The National Theatre, The Royal Court, The Royal Shakespeare Company and Shakespeare's Globe. He also starred in Bill Douglas's epic film of the Tolpuddle Martyrs, "Comrades".

</doc>
<doc id="18948352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948352" title="A4 road (Zimbabwe)">
A4 road (Zimbabwe)

The A4 is a highway between Beitbridge and Masvingo in Zimbabwe.
The road passes through Rutenga in Mwenezi District.

</doc>
<doc id="18948358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948358" title="2 Live Crew">
2 Live Crew

The 2 Live Crew was a hip-hop group from Miami, Florida. They caused considerable controversy with the sexual themes in their work, particularly on their 1989 album "As Nasty As They Wanna Be". 
History.
Early career.
The 2 Live Crew was created by DJ Mr. Mixx (David Hobbs) with fellow rappers Fresh Kid Ice (Chris Wong Won), and Amazing V. (Yuri Vielot). The group released its first single, "Revelation", in 1985. "Revelation" was popular in Florida, so The 2 Live Crew (sans Amazing V) relocated to Miami. Rapper Brother Marquis (Mark Ross) joined The 2 Live Crew for its next single "What I Like". Local rapper Luke Skyywalker (Luther Campbell) gave The 2 Live Crew a record deal and worked as the group's manager and then lead vocalist. The 2 Live Crew's debut album, "The 2 Live Crew Is What We Are", was released in 1986. Alex Henderson of allmusic commented that the album "did take sexually explicit rap lyrics to a new level of nastiness", with tracks such as "We Want Some Pussy" and "Throw The 'D'". With word-of-mouth attention, the album was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). In 1987, a Florida store clerk was acquitted of felony charges for selling the album to a 14-year-old girl.
Campbell decided to sell a separate clean version in addition to the explicit version of the next album, "Move Somethin"' (1988), produced by Mr. Mixx. A record store clerk in Alexander City, Alabama, was cited for selling a copy to an undercover police officer in 1988. It was the first time in the United States that a record store owner was held liable for obscenity over music. The charges were dropped after a jury found the record store not guilty. 
As Nasty As They Wanna Be.
In 1989, the group released their album, "As Nasty As They Wanna Be", which also became the group's most successful album. A large part of its success was due to the single "Me So Horny", which was popular locally with heavy radio rotation on Miami's WPOW-Power 96 FM. The American Family Association (AFA) did not think the presence of a "Parental Advisory" sticker was enough to adequately warn listeners of what was inside the case. Jack Thompson, a lawyer affiliated with the AFA, met with Florida Governor Bob Martinez and convinced him to look into the album to see if it met the legal classification of obscenity. In 1990 action was taken at the local level and Nick Navarro, Broward County sheriff, received a ruling from County Circuit Court judge Mel Grossman that probable cause for obscenity violations existed. In response, Luther Campbell maintained that people should focus on issues relating to hunger and poverty rather than on the lyrical content of their music.
Navarro warned record store owners that selling the album might be prosecutable. The 2 Live Crew then filed a suit against Navarro. That June, U.S. district court Judge Jose Gonzalez ruled the album obscene and illegal to sell. Charles Freeman, a local retailer, was arrested two days later, after selling a copy to an undercover police officer. This was followed by the arrest of three members of The 2 Live Crew after they performed the "As Nasty As They Wanna Be" album at "Club Futura" in Hollywood FL hosted by radio personality "Tony The Tiger" (Ira Wolf) from Power 96 FM; one of the few radio stations in the U.S. that continued airplay while the trial ensued. After International exposure with support from "Freedom of Speech" advocates like Screw magazines Al Goldstein and many others, they were acquitted soon after, as professor Henry Louis Gates, Jr. testified at their trial in defense of their lyrics. Freeman's conviction was overturned on appeal as well.
"A lot of people have gotten the impression that I'm this rude sexual deviant or something," Campbell told journalist Chuck Philips. "But contrary to what has been printed about me in the papers, I'm no moral threat to anybody. I'm just a hard-working guy marketing a new product." 
In 1992, the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit overturned the obscenity ruling from Judge Gonzalez, and the Supreme Court of the United States refused to hear Broward County's appeal. As in the Freeman case, Gates testified on behalf of The 2 Live Crew, arguing that the material that the county alleged was profane actually had important roots in African-American vernacular, games, and literary traditions and should be protected. 
As a result of the controversy, "As Nasty As They Wanna Be" remained brisk selling over two million copies. It peaked at number 29 on the "Billboard" 200 and number 3 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. A few other retailers were later arrested for selling it as well, including Canadian Marc Emery, who was convicted in Ontario in 1991, and would later gain fame as a marijuana activist. Later hard-rock band Van Halen sued over an uncleared sample of their song "Ain't Talkin' 'Bout Love" in the 2 Live Crew Song "The Fuck Shop". The publicity then continued when George Lucas, owner of the "Star Wars" universe, successfully sued Campbell for appropriating the name "Skywalker" for his record label, Luke Skyywalker Records. Campbell changed his stage name to Luke (and changed the record label's name to Luke Records) and the group released an extremely political follow-up album, "Banned in the USA", after obtaining permission to use an interpolation of Bruce Springsteen's "Born in the U.S.A.". The 2 Live Crew paraphernalia with the Luke Skyywalker or Skyywalker logos are often sought-after collector's items.
1994: New line-up and lawsuit.
1994 saw Luke, Fresh Kid Ice and a new addition to the group, Verb, regrouping as The New 2 Live Crew, issuing "Back at Your Ass for the Nine-4". This album peaked at number 52 on the "Billboard" 200 and number 9 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. The New 2 Live Crew broke up in 1995.
"Oh, Pretty Woman" lawsuit.
During this time the lawsuit brought about by the copyright owners of "Oh, Pretty Woman," went to the Supreme Court. The Crew had parodied the original on the album "As Clean As They Wanna Be" without permission. The Supreme Court adopted a rule from an earlier Ninth Circuit case involving Rick Dees, and ruled that The 2 Live Crew's parody could be fair use.
Reunions.
Luke, Fresh Kid Ice, Brother Marquis and Mr. Mixx re-formed again to record "Hoochie Mama" for the soundtrack to the movie "Friday". Plans to reunite for an album were short-lived, as Fresh Kid Ice, Mr. Mixx, and Brother Marquis left Luke and Luke Records to go to Lil' Joe Records and released "Shake a Lil' Somethin'" (1996). It peaked at number 145 on the "Billboard" 200, also peaking at number 33 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
Mr. Mixx left soon after, leaving Fresh Kid Ice and Brother Marquis to record "The Real One" in 1998. It peaked at number 59 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. In 1998, Brother Marquis became a born-again Christian, quit the group, and began devoting himself to combating what he saw as the "evils" that he as a member of The 2 Live Crew portrayed and glorified. Rapper "First Degree" aka Tiki was then recruited as the groups newest addition by Fresh Kid Ice. However, his attempt was only for a duration of a few years. Fresh Kid Ice was for the most part a solo act using the name of the 2 Live Crew until 2004.
Later, Fresh Kid Ice, under the old banner of the 2 Live Crew, performed at the 2007 Gathering Of The Juggalos.
Fresh Kid Ice and Brother Marquis, around 2008, reunited as a duo; classic songs from the 2 Live Crew were posted on their Myspace
page.
In May 2010, it was announced that the duo's album, "Just Wanna Be Heard", would feature production from Mannie Fresh and was to be released on Nu Focuz Entertainment/Lil' Joe Records with guest verses from Too Short, E-40, and Insane Clown Posse. It was set to be released in August 2010, but currently the release date is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18948359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948359" title="MODUL University Vienna">
MODUL University Vienna

MODUL University Vienna (MU Vienna) is a private university established in 2007 in Vienna, Austria, focusing on social and economic development, particularly in the areas of tourism, new media information technology, sustainability, business management, and public governance.
The university consists of four departments: the Department of New Media Technology (director: Arno Scharl), the Department of Public Governance and Sustainable Development (director: Harvey Goldstein, Vice President of MU Vienna since August 1, 2012), the Department of Tourism and Service Management (director: Dagmar Lund-Durlacher), and the Department of Applied Statistics and Economics (director: Ivo Ponocny).
All study programs fulfill the accreditation requirements laid out by the Agency for Quality Assurance and Accreditation Austria (formerly Austrian Accreditation Council). Due to the university’s international orientation, all study programs are conducted entirely in English. As of 2013, the support ratio stands at 1:10 (one MODUL University faculty member for every ten students). Students from 71 countries have studied at MU Vienna on top of Vienna’s Kahlenberg, which overlooks the city of Vienna. Approximately 60% percent of the student body holds non-Austrian citizenship, with a higher percentage of international students at the master’s level.
In 2012, the BBA in Tourism and Hospitality Management and the MSc in International Tourism Management were awarded UNWTO.TEDQual Certification. In January 2013, MU joined the European Universities Consortium (EUC), a group of higher education institutions that promotes English-taught Bachelor’s programs in Europe.
History.
MU Vienna was founded by the Vienna Chamber of Commerce and Industry and the foundation of Saudi-Austrian businessman Mohamed Bin Issa Al Jaber, and built with the support of the City of Vienna and the Vienna Tourist Board. The aim of the founders was to offer students internationally-oriented, hands-on studies in the areas of tourism research, information technology, and public administration, making use of the active role of Vienna in European city tourism. Karl Wöber, who had previously taught at the Vienna University of Economics in the field of tourism, was appointed founding president.
Name.
The name MODUL comes from the honeycomb-like structure of the Tourism College MODUL, where both the school and adjacent hotel of the same name are built in octagonal-shaped conjoined 'modules'. The school and hotel are also in Vienna’s 19th district, and were designed and built from 1973-1975. 
The university was conceptualized by the leaders of the Tourism College MODUL, and was named MODUL University. The two institutions cooperate frequently, but attendance of the Tourism College MODUL is not a prerequisite for to enter the university.
Bodies and Advisory Boards.
MU Vienna is governed by a three-member Board of Directors: the President, the Vice President and Managing Director. The University Council consists of five representatives who support the development of MU Vienna, and the President and CEO attend the meetings and report on the developments of the university. The University Assembly consists of all faculty members, two representatives of external lecturers, two representatives of administrative staff, and four students. The University Assembly is chaired by the President, and has the task is to elect the members of committees, and to propose candidates for the offices of President and Vice President.
MU Vienna is among the first universities in Austria to have an Industry Advisory Board in place. Industry experts from the fields of new media technology, public governance, and tourism provide input for the development of curriculum and guidance in student programs that will further the educational experience of students seeking long-term careers.
Sustainability as a fundamental principle.
MODUL University was awarded 2nd place in the category "Structural Foundations," encouraging sustainable development at the 2010 Sustainability Awards presented by the Austrian Federal Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry, Environment and Water Management and the Austrian Federal Ministry of Science and Research for its Sustainability Committee. At the 2012 awards it won first place in the category "Structural Foundation" and third place in the category "Teaching & Curricula/International Cooperations". The committee gives two awards annually for the best ideas for sustainability implementable at the university; the Scholarship of Hope for students and the Employee Sustainability Award for the staff and faculty. Extracurricular activities such as movie nights and excursions to sustainable energy producers are also arranged by the Sustainability Committee.
Research.
MU Vienna provides basic and applied research in areas which are considered as the core challenges in economic and social sciences. 
Study programs.
Undergraduate study programs.
MODUL University Vienna currently offers three full-time undergraduate degree programs. Students must have qualification to enter university such as Abitur, Matura, or A-Levels. Courses are offered in a variety of formats, including lectures, exercises, seminars and practical trainings. An internship of a minimum of 3 months (450 hours) is required in the BBA programs. Beginning in the 2012/14 academic year, students have the option of writing a bachelor thesis, a second internship, or additional enrichment courses to complete the degree. MU has also formed exchange co-operations with universities around the world, and students may undertake one exchange semester at a partner university. Completion of the BBA or the BSc qualifies students to enter master-level programs.
Graduate study programs.
MU Vienna offers two two-year, full-time Master of Science programs in the areas of Tourism and Sustainable Development. They have been offered since fall 2010, and are open to graduates of Bachelor programs in many subject areas. Courses are offered in a variety of formats, including lectures, exercises, seminars and practical trainings. The programs teach comprehensive knowledge of both environmental and development issues to address the globalization and sustainability challenges of this millennium. Completion of an MSc degree qualifies students to continue with a PhD program.
Executive study programs.
The professional MBA programs are aimed at students who have already completed their first academic degree, and who have also obtained work experience in a relevant area. The standard duration of the 2-year study program can be reduced to 18 months for students wishing to follow the intensive study plan. This format consists of monthly 3-5 day seminars, also taking place during the summer months. The Master of Business Administration offers optional major concentrations in the areas of Tourism, Public Governance, and New Media Technology. The Master of Business Administration (MBA) in Sustainable Development and Management is offered as a joint-degree with the University of Natural Resources and Applied Life Sciences Vienna (BOKU).
Post-graduate study program.
MU Vienna offers a post-graduate doctoral program which trains future scholars and researchers to contribute new scientific knowledge in their respective areas of specialization. It is open to people with a master or diploma degree in the field of business or one of the social or economic sciences from an accredited post-secondary educational institution, and requires a minimum of four years to complete. The program was accredited in 2012 with the first students beginning in 2013.
Partners.
MU Vienna maintains a number of co-operations with academic and industry partners, as well as organizations around the world. MODUL University Vienna's Department of Tourism and Service Management maintains study exchange agreements with the following partner institutions: Bogazici University (Istanbul, Turkey), College of Tourism and Hotel Management (Nicosia, Cyprus), Dublin Institute of Technology (Ireland), Hong Kong Polytechnic University (Hong Kong SAR), NHTV Breda University of Applied Sciences (The Netherlands), San Francisco State University (USA), Taylor’s University (Malaysia), Temple University (USA), Texas A&M University (USA), Universidad Anáhuac Mayab (Mexico), Université d´Angers (France), University of Central Florida (USA), ), University of Southern Denmark (Denmark), University of Surrey (UK), and Victoria University (Australia)
Campus life.
MODUL University Vienna is situated on Kahlenberg, a mountain () located in the 19th district of Vienna, Austria (Döbling). Kahlenberg lies in the Wienerwald (Vienna forest) and is one of the most popular destinations for day-trips from Vienna, offering a view over the entire city. Student accommodation arranged by MU Vienna is available in the 19th and 20th districts of Vienna. Many students live in other parts of Vienna or in their home cities and countries and commute to the campus. Kahlenberg can be reached by car or by bus (Bus line 38A) via the picturesque Höhenstraße, part of which is cobblestone.
Extracurricular activities.
MODUL University Vienna has created the MU Cares program to encourage and recognize active engagement in the form of volunteer work. The university provides opportunities for students to get involved and volunteer with on- and off-campus events, and it encourages and supports students in finding volunteer work as well. Upon graduation from MODUL University Vienna, students who participated in MU Cares receive a certificate listing all extracurricular merits earned as a supplement to their diploma. Various student groups such as the Hotel Club, Football Club, Chess Club, Writing Club, and MU Choir contribute to student life.
MODUL University Wine Society.
Vienna is the only capital with considerable wine-growing inside the city boundaries. The proximity to Vienna’s prime vineyard location, the Nussberg, inspired MODUL staff to initiate the MU Wine Society in 2009. The Wine Society provides a platform for students to share their passion for wine and experience local culture. Following the principles of "experience, appreciate and learn," MU Wine Society organizes regular tasting sessions and excursions to local wineries for its members. Experts and friends of MU Wine Society are invited for knowledge exchange.
Alumni and MODUL Career.
Since April 2010, the networking and career service platform "MODUL Career (MC)" has been exclusively available to students and alumni of MODUL University Vienna and Tourism College MODUL College. MODUL Career offers career planning and career development services for the students and graduates of both educational institutions.. Its aim is to assist students with finding an internship as well as to support them in career planning and development. They have a large number of international partners in the tourism and hospitality industries who offer internship opportunities to MODUL students, and assist the over 200 graduates who leave the two institutions every year in career placement.
Today, the MODUL Alumni network consists of over six thousand graduates who currently occupy a variety of positions all over the world. The network offers vocational and industry contacts and the possibility to exchange knowledge and experience.

</doc>
<doc id="18948360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948360" title="Human Brain Mapping (journal)">
Human Brain Mapping (journal)

Human Brain Mapping is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by John Wiley & Sons covering research on human brain mapping.
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 5.880, ranking it second out of 14 journals in the category "Neuroimaging", fourth out of 116 journals in the category "Radiology Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging", and 28th out of 244 journals in the category "Neuroscience".

</doc>
<doc id="18948361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948361" title="George Playter">
George Playter

George Frederick Playter (31 August 1809 – 24 October 1866) was a Canadian minister, historian, and author who wrote "The History of Methodism in Canada: With an Account of the Rise and Progress of the Work of God Among the Canadian Indian Tribes ; and Occasional Notices of the Civil Affairs of the Province." It was published in Toronto by Anson Green, 1862.
Born in England, Playter was a minister of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Toronto and elsewhere throughout Eastern Ontario. His frequently cited book, "The History of Methodism in Canada," was published as Volume 1. Playter died before Volume 2 could be published.
From 1844 to 1846, Playter was editor of the Christian Guardian, which continues today as the United Church Observer, one of the oldest and most respected church publications in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18948365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948365" title="Copyright infringement">
Copyright infringement

Copyright infringement is the use of works protected by copyright law without permission, infringing certain exclusive rights granted to the copyright holder, such as the right to reproduce, distribute, display or perform the protected work, or to make derivative works. The copyright holder is typically the work's creator, or a publisher or other business to whom copyright has been assigned.
Colloquial terminology.
Copyright infringement is often associated with the terms "piracy" and "theft". Although "piracy" literally means brazen high-seas robbery and kidnapping, it has a long history of use as a synonym for acts which were later codified as types of copyright infringement. "Theft" is hyperbole, emphasizing the potential commercial harm of infringement to copyright holders; however, not all copyright infringement results in commercial loss, and the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that infringement does not "easily" equate with theft.
In the case MPAA v. Hotfile, Judge Kathleen Williams granted a motion to deny the prosecution the usage of pejorative words in the copyright infringement case. This list included the words "piracy," "theft," "stealing," and their derivatives—the use of which, even if the defendants had been found to have directly infringed on the Plaintiffs’ copyrights, the defense asserted, would serve no purpose but to misguide and inflame the jury. The plaintiff argued the common use of the terms when referring to copyright infringement should invalidate the motion, but the Judge did not concur. (The case was however settled shortly before it reached the jury phase of the trial.)
"Piracy".
The practice of labelling the infringement of exclusive rights in creative works as "piracy" predates statutory copyright law. Prior to the Statute of Anne in 1710, the Stationers' Company of London in 1557 received a Royal Charter giving the company a monopoly on publication and tasking it with enforcing the charter. Those who violated the charter were labelled pirates as early as 1603. The term "piracy" has been used to refer to the unauthorized copying, distribution and selling of works in copyright. Article 12 of the 1886 Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works uses the term "piracy" in relation to copyright infringement, stating "Pirated works may be seized on importation into those countries of the Union where the original work enjoys legal protection." Article 61 of the 1994 Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPs) requires criminal procedures and penalties in cases of "willful trademark counterfeiting or copyright piracy on a commercial scale." Piracy traditionally refers to acts of copyright infringement intentionally committed for financial gain, though more recently, copyright holders have described online copyright infringement, particularly in relation to peer-to-peer file sharing networks, as "piracy."
Richard Stallman and the GNU Project have criticized the use of the word 'piracy' in these situations, saying that publishers use the word to refer to "copying they don't approve of" and that "they imply that it is ethically equivalent to attacking ships on the high seas, kidnapping and murdering the people on them." 
Certain forms of Anti-Piracy (such as DRM), are considered by consumers to control the use of the products content after sale.
"Theft".
Copyright holders frequently refer to copyright infringement as theft. In copyright law, infringement does not refer to theft of physical objects that take away the owner's possession, but an instance where a person exercises one of the exclusive rights of the copyright holder without authorization. Courts have distinguished between copyright infringement and theft. For instance, the United States Supreme Court held in "Dowling v. United States" (1985) that bootleg phonorecords did not constitute stolen property. Instead, "interference with copyright does not easily equate with theft, conversion, or fraud. The Copyright Act even employs a separate term of art to define one who misappropriates a copyright: '[...] an infringer of the copyright.'" The court said that in the case of copyright infringement, the province guaranteed to the copyright holder by copyright law—certain exclusive rights—is invaded, but no control, physical or otherwise, is taken over the copyright, nor is the copyright holder wholly deprived of using the copyrighted work or exercising the exclusive rights held.
Motivation.
Some of the motives for engaging in copyright infringement are the following:
Sometimes only partial compliance with license agreements is the cause. For example, in 2013 the US Army settled a lawsuit with Texas-based company Apptricity, which makes software that allows the army to track their soldiers in real time. In 2004, the US Army paid $4.5 million for a license of 500 users, while allegedly installing the software for more than 9000 users; the case was settled for $50 million. Major anti-piracy organizations like the BSA conduct software licensing audits regularly to ensure full compliance.
Developing world.
In Media Piracy in Emerging Economies, the first independent international comparative study of media piracy with center on Brazil, India, Russia, South Africa, Mexico and Bolivia, “high prices for media goods, low incomes, and cheap digital technologies” are the chief factors that lead to the global spread of media piracy, especially in emerging markets.
According to the same study, even though digital piracy inflicts additional costs on the production side of media, it also offers the main access to media goods in developing countries. The strong tradeoffs that favor using digital piracy in developing economies dictate the current neglected law enforcements toward digital piracy. In China, the issue of digital piracy is not merely legal, but social – originated from the high demand for cheap and affordable pirated goods as well as the governmental connections of the businesses which produce such goods.
Motivations due to censorship.
There have been instances where a country's government bans a movie, resulting in the spread of pirated videos and DVDs. Romanian-born documentary maker Ilinca Calugareanu wrote a "New York Times" article telling the story of Irina Margareta Nistor, a narrator for state TV under Nicolae Ceauşescu's regime. A visitor from the west gave her bootlegged copies of American movies, which she dubbed for secret viewings through Romania. According to the article, she dubbed more than 3,000 movies and became the country's second-most famous voice after Ceauşescu, even though no one knew her name until many years later.
Existing and proposed laws.
Most countries extend copyright protections to authors of works. In countries with copyright legislation, enforcement of copyright is generally the responsibility of the copyright holder. However in several jurisdictions there are also criminal penalties for copyright infringement.
Civil law.
In the U.S., copyright infringement is sometimes confronted via lawsuits in civil court, against alleged infringers directly, or against providers of services and software that support unauthorized copying. For example, major motion-picture corporation MGM Studios filed suit against P2P file-sharing services Grokster and Streamcast for their contributory role in copyright infringement. In 2005, the Supreme Court ruled in favor of MGM, holding that such services could be held liable for copyright infringement since they functioned and, indeed, willfully marketed themselves as venues for acquiring copyrighted movies. The "MGM v. Grokster" case did not overturn the earlier "Sony" decision, but rather clouded the legal waters; future designers of software capable of being used for copyright infringement were warned.
In the United States, copyright term has been extended many times over from the original term of 14 years with a single renewal allowance of 14 years, to the current term of the life of the author plus 70 years. If the work was produced under corporate authorship it may last 120 years after creation or 95 years after publication, whichever is less.
Article 50 of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPs) requires that signatory countries enable courts to remedy copyright infringement with injunctions and the destruction of infringing products, and award damages.
Criminal law.
Punishment of copyright infringement varies case-by-case across countries. Convictions may include jail time and/or severe fines for each instance of copyright infringement. In the United States, willful copyright infringement carries a maximum penalty of $150,000 per instance.
Article 61 of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPs) requires that signatory countries establish criminal procedures and penalties in cases of "willful trademark counterfeiting or copyright piracy on a commercial scale". Copyright holders have demanded that states provide criminal sanctions for all types of copyright infringement.
The first criminal provision in U.S. copyright law was added in 1897, which established a misdemeanor penalty for “unlawful performances and representations of copyrighted dramatic and musical compositions” if the violation had been “willful and for profit.” Criminal copyright infringement requires that the infringer acted “for the purpose of commercial advantage or private financial gain." 17 U.S.C. § 506(a). To establish criminal liability, the prosecutor must first show the basic elements of copyright infringement: ownership of a valid copyright, and the violation of one or more of the copyright holder’s exclusive rights. The government must then establish that defendant willfully infringed or, in other words, possessed the necessary "mens rea". Misdemeanor infringement has a very low threshold in terms of number of copies and the value of the infringed works.
The ACTA trade agreement, signed in May 2011 by the United States, Japan, Switzerland, and the EU, requires that its parties add criminal penalties, including incarceration and fines, for copyright and trademark infringement, and obligated the parties to actively police for infringement.
"United States v. LaMacchia" 871 F.Supp. 535 (1994) was a case decided by the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts which ruled that, under the copyright and cybercrime laws effective at the time, committing copyright infringement for non-commercial motives could not be prosecuted under criminal copyright law. The ruling gave rise to what became known as the "LaMacchia Loophole," wherein criminal charges of fraud or copyright infringement would be dismissed under current legal standards, so long as there was no profit motive involved.
The United States No Electronic Theft Act (NET Act), a federal law passed in 1997 in response to LaMacchia, provides for criminal prosecution of individuals who engage in copyright infringement under certain circumstances, even when there is no monetary profit or commercial benefit from the infringement. Maximum penalties can be five years in prison and up to $250,000 in fines. The NET Act also raised statutory damages by 50%. The court's ruling explicitly drew attention to the shortcomings of current law that allowed people to facilitate mass copyright infringement while being immune to prosecution under the Copyright Act.
Proposed laws such as the Stop Online Piracy Act broaden the definition of "willful infringement", and introduce felony charges for unauthorized media streaming. These bills are aimed towards defeating websites that carry or contain links to infringing content, but have raised concerns about domestic abuse and internet censorship.
Countries where sharing files without profit is legal.
Downloading copied music is legal in some countries in the context of the copyright, such as Canada, Poland, The Netherlands, and Spain, provided that the songs are not sold. In Canada it is legal to download any copyrighted file as long as it is for noncommercial use, but it is illegal to distribute the copyrighted files (e.g. by uploading them to a P2P network). In addition, some countries, like Canada and Germany, have limited the penalties for non-commercial copyright infringement. For example, statutory damages in Canada for non-commercial copyright infringement is capped at $5,000. Germany has even passed a bill to limit the fine for individuals accused of sharing music and movies to $200.
On September 20, 2013, the Spanish government approved new laws that will take effect at the beginning of 2014. The approved legislation will mean that website owners who are earning “direct or indirect profit,” such as via advertising links, from pirated content can be imprisoned for up to six years. However, peer-to-peer file-sharing platforms and search engines are exempt from the laws.
The DMCA and anti-circumvention laws.
Title I of the US DMCA, the WIPO Copyright and Performances and Phonograms Treaties Implementation Act has provisions that prevent persons from "circumvent a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work". Thus if a distributor of copyrighted works has some kind of software, dongle or password access device installed in instances of the work, any attempt to bypass such a copy protection scheme may be actionable — though the US Copyright Office is currently reviewing anticircumvention rulemaking under DMCA — anticircumvention exemptions that have been in place under the DMCA include those in software designed to filter websites that are generally seen to be inefficient (child safety and public library website filtering software) and the circumvention of copy protection mechanisms that have malfunctioned, have caused the instance of the work to become inoperable or which are no longer supported by their manufacturers.
Online intermediary liability.
Whether Internet intermediaries are liable for copyright infringement by their users is a subject of debate and court cases in a number of countries.
Definition of intermediary.
Internet intermediaries were formerly understood to be internet service providers (ISPs). However, questions of liability have also emerged in relation to other Internet infrastructure intermediaries, including Internet backbone providers, cable companies and mobile communications providers.
In addition, intermediaries are now also generally understood to include Internet portals, software and games providers, those providing virtual information such as interactive forums and comment facilities with or without a moderation system, aggregators, universities, libraries and archives, web search engines, chat rooms, web blogs, mailing lists, and any website which provides access to third party content through, for example, hyperlinks, a crucial element of the World Wide Web.
Litigation and legislation concerning intermediaries.
Early court cases focused on the liability of Internet service providers (ISPs) for hosting, transmitting or publishing user-supplied content that could be actioned under civil or criminal law, such as libel, defamation, or pornography. As different content was considered in different legal systems, and in the absence of common definitions for "ISPs," "bulletin boards" or "online publishers," early law on online intermediaries' liability varied widely from country to country. The first laws on online intermediaries' liability were passed from the mid-1990s onwards.
The debate has shifted away from questions about liability for specific content, including that which may infringe copyright, towards whether online intermediaries should be "generally" responsible for content accessible through their services or infrastructure.
The U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act (1998) and the European E-Commerce Directive (2000) provide online intermediaries with limited statutory immunity from liability for copyright infringement. Online intermediaries hosting content that infringes copyright are not liable, so long as they do not know about it and take actions once the infringing content is brought to their attention. In U.S. law this is characterized as "safe harbor" provisions. Under European law, the governing principles for Internet Service Providers are "mere conduit", meaning that they are neutral 'pipes' with no knowledge of what they are carrying; and 'no obligation to monitor' meaning that they cannot be given a general mandate by governments to monitor content. These two principles are a barrier for certain forms of online copyright enforcement and they were the reason behind an attempt to amend the European Telecoms Package in 2009 to support new measures against copyright infringement.
Peer-to-peer issues.
Peer-to-peer file sharing intermediaries have been denied access to safe harbor provisions in relation to copyright infringement. Legal action against such intermediaries, such as Napster, are generally brought in relation to principles of secondary liability for copyright infringement, such as contributory liability and vicarious liability.
These types of intermediaries do not host or transmit infringing content, themselves, but may be regarded in some courts as encouraging, enabling or facilitating infringement by users. These intermediaries may include the author, publishers and marketers of peer-to-peer networking software, and the websites that allow users to download such software. In the case of the BitTorrent protocol, intermediaries may include the torrent tracker and any websites or search engines which facilitate access to torrent files. Torrent files don't contain copyrighted content, but they may make reference to files that do, and they may point to trackers which coordinate the sharing of those files. Some torrent indexing and search sites, such as The Pirate Bay, now encourage the use of magnet links, instead of direct links to torrent files, creating another layer of indirection; using such links, torrent files are obtained from other peers, rather than from a particular website.
Since the late 1990s, copyright holders have taken legal actions against a number of peer-to-peer intermediaries, such as Napster, Grokster, eMule, SoulSeek, BitTorrent and Limewire, and case law on the liability of Internet service providers (ISPs) in relation to copyright infringement has emerged primarily in relation to these cases.
Nevertheless, whether and to what degree any of these types of intermediaries have secondary liability is the subject of ongoing litigation. The decentralised structure of peer-to-peer networks, in particular, does not sit easily with existing laws on online intermediaries' liability. The BitTorrent protocol established an entirely decentralised network architecture in order to distribute large files effectively. Recent developments in peer-to-peer technology towards more complex network configurations are said to have been driven by a desire to avoid liability as intermediaries under existing laws.
Limitations.
Copyright law does not grant authors and publishers absolute control over the use of their work. Only certain types of works and certain kinds of uses are protected; only unauthorized, protected uses of protected works can be said to be infringing.
Non-infringing uses.
Article 10 of the Berne Convention mandates that national laws provide for limitations to copyright, so that copyright protection does not extend to certain kinds of uses that fall under what the treaty calls "fair practice," including but not limited to minimal quotations used in journalism and education. The laws implementing these limitations and exceptions for uses that would otherwise be infringing broadly fall into the categories of either fair use or fair dealing. In common law systems, these fair practice statutes typically enshrine principles underlying many earlier judicial precedents, and are considered essential to freedom of speech.
Another example is the practice of compulsory licensing, which is where the law forbids copyright owners from denying a license for certain uses of certain kinds of works, such as compilations and live performances of music. Compulsory licensing laws generally say that for certain uses of certain works, no infringement occurs as long as a royalty, at a rate determined by law rather than private negotiation, is paid to the copyright owner or representative copyright collective. Some fair dealing laws, such as Canada's, include similar royalty requirements.
Non-infringing types of works.
In order to qualify for protection, a work must be an expression with a degree of originality, and it must be in a fixed medium, such as written down on paper or recorded digitally. The idea itself is not protected. That is, a copy of someone else's original idea is not infringing unless it copies that person's unique, tangible "expression" of the idea. Some of these limitations, especially regarding what qualifies as original, are embodied only in case law (judicial precedent), rather than in statutes.
In the U.S., for example, copyright case law contains a substantial similarity requirement to determine whether the work falls under the fair use clause. Likewise, courts may require computer software to pass an Abstraction-Filtration-Comparison test (AFC Test) to determine if it is too abstract to qualify for protection, or too dissimilar to an original work to be considered infringing. Software-related case law has also clarified that the amount of R&D, effort and expense put into a work's creation doesn't affect copyright protection.
Evaluation of alleged copyright infringement in a court of law may be substantial; the time and costs required to apply these tests vary based on the size and complexity of the copyrighted material. Furthermore, there is no standard or universally accepted test; some courts have rejected the AFC Test, for example, in favor of narrower criteria.
Preventative measures.
Corporations and legislatures take different types of preventative measures to deter copyright infringement, with much of the focus since the early 1990s being on preventing or reducing digital methods of infringement. Strategies include education, civil & criminal legislation, and international agreements, as well as publicizing anti-piracy litigation successes and imposing forms of digital media copy protection, such as controversial digital rights management (DRM) technology and anti-circumvention laws.
In addition to legal maneuvers to curb copyright infringement, the music and motion picture industries have been trying different methods of digital distribution, reforming and sometimes abandoning the traditional system of "windowing" that keeps content from being available in all forms, worldwide, at the same time. By working with manufacturers, broadcasters, and distributors to deliver content efficiently and maintain acceptable revenue flows, the industries are slowly but increasingly meeting global consumer demand for immediate, in-home access to copyright-protected works. Nevertheless, the industry's position is that with the Internet being a global entity, it will still take a combination of worldwide legal agreements, agencies tasked with enforcement, and new ways of selling products to substantially reduce copyright infringement.
Legislatures have reduced infringement by narrowing the scope of what is considered infringing. Aside from upholding international copyright treaty obligations to provide general limitations and exceptions, nations have enacted compulsory licensing laws applying specifically to digital works and uses. For example, in the U.S., the DMCA, an implementation of the 1996 WIPO Copyright Treaty, considers digital transmissions of audio recordings to be licensed as long as a designated copyright collective's royalty and reporting requirements are met. The DMCA also provides safe harbor for digital service providers whose users are suspected of copyright infringement, thus reducing the likelihood that the providers themselves will be considered directly infringing.
Some copyright owners voluntarily reduce the scope of what is considered infringing by employing relatively permissive, "open" licensing strategies: rather than privately negotiating license terms with individual users who must first seek out the copyright owner and ask for permission, the copyright owner publishes and distributes the work with a prepared license that anyone can use, as long as they adhere to certain conditions. This has the effect of reducing infringement—and the burden on courts—by simply permitting certain types of uses under terms which the copyright owner considers reasonable. Examples include free software licenses, like the GNU General Public License (GPL), and the Creative Commons licenses, which are predominantly applied to visual and literary works. Although contract law applies to the terms of the licenses, all such licensing substantially relies on copyright law; it is copyright law which requires the user of a work to operate under a license from the copyright owner in the first place.
Economic impact of copyright infringement.
Industry estimates.
In 2008 The Motion Picture Association of America reported that its six major member companies lost $6.1 billion to piracy.
The BSA and IDC claim that losses from software piracy in 2009 have exceeded $51 billion, and that "Lowering software piracy by just 10 percentage points during the next four years would create nearly 500,000 new jobs and pump $140 billion into ailing economies."
According to a BSA/IDC studies, the highest piracy rate comes from Armenia, with a piracy rate of 93%. China and India are at No. 17 and No. 41 respectively, with 82% and 69% of recorded software piracy rates. The lowest piracy rate, according to survey, is observed in USA, at 20%.
Criticism of industry estimates.
The methodology of studies utilized by industry spokespeople has been heavily criticized. Inflated claims for damages and allegations of economic harm are common in copyright disputes. Some studies and figures, including those cited by the MPAA and RIAA with regards to the economic effects of film and music downloads, have been widely disputed as based on questionable assumptions which resulted in statistically unsound numbers.
In one extreme example, the RIAA claimed damages against Limewire totaling $75 trillion – more than the global GDP – and "respectfully" disagreed with the judges ruling that such claims were "absurd".
However, this $75 trillion figure is obtained through one specific interpretation of copyright law that would count each song downloaded as an infringement of copyright. After the conclusion of the case, Limewire agreed to pay $105 million to RIAA.
Economic impact of infringement in emerging markets.
The 2011 Business Software Alliance Piracy Study Standard estimates the total commercial value of pirated software to be at $59 billion in 2010, with emerging markets accounting for $31.9 billion, over half of the total. Furthermore, mature markets for the first time received less PC shipments than emerging economies in 2010, making emerging markets now responsible for more than half of all computers in use worldwide. In addition with software piracy rates of 68 percent comparing to 24 percent of mature markets, emerging markets thus possess the majority of the global increase in the commercial value of pirated software. China continues to have the highest commercial value of pirated software at $8.9 billion among developing countries and second in the world behind the US at $9.7 billion in 2011. In 2011, the Business Software Alliance announced that 83 percent of software deployed on PCs in Africa has been pirated (excluding South Africa).
Some countries distinguish corporate piracy from private use, which is tolerated as a welfare service. This is the leading reason developing countries refuse to accept or respect copyright laws. Traian Băsescu, the president of Romania, stated that "piracy helped the young generation discover computers. It set off the development of the IT industry in Romania."

</doc>
<doc id="18948379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948379" title="Stephen Jeffreys">
Stephen Jeffreys

Stephen Jeffreys (born 1950) is a British playwright. 
His plays include:

</doc>
<doc id="18948382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948382" title="Ryōsuke Tei">
Ryōsuke Tei

, born 1965, is a Japanese animator, director and founder of graphic and creative design studio Furi Furi. In 2009, he directed the anime movie "LaMB", where he collaborated with Yasufumi Soejima.
Career.
Born 1968 in Kobe, Japan, Tei went on to pursue a fine arts education in oil painting at the Tama Art University. Tei then went on to tour various Asian countries before he returned to Japan in 1993 and experienced the baptism of the new digital design wave as he joined the gaming industry which was in the middle of its first generation console movement. 
In 1998, Tei founded creative design agency Furi Furi and served as President and Creative Director for 10 years where he led character, web-based, computer games, on-air, and flash animation design projects, as well as commercial production. His representative works include 'GIFTPIA' for Nintendo, 'Monster 360' for Nike, 'Butazuka' for Yahoo! Japan, 'SWAG' for MTV Asia. 
In 2008, Tei started freelancing to seek more exciting opportunities and came on board as the director for Animax Asia’s multimedia, multiplatform original animation production LaMB.

</doc>
<doc id="18948383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948383" title="I Have a Dream">
I Have a Dream

"I Have a Dream" is a public speech delivered by American civil rights activist Martin Luther King, Jr. on August 28, 1963, in which he called for an end to racism in the United States. Delivered to over 250,000 civil rights supporters from the steps of the Lincoln Memorial during the March on Washington, the speech was a defining moment of the American Civil Rights Movement.
Beginning with a reference to the Emancipation Proclamation, which freed millions of slaves in 1863, King observes that: "one hundred years later, the Negro still is not free". Toward the end of the speech, King departed from his prepared text for a partly improvised peroration on the theme "I have a dream", prompted by Mahalia Jackson's cry: "Tell them about the dream, Martin!" In this part of the speech, which most excited the listeners and has now become its most famous, King described his dreams of freedom and equality arising from a land of slavery and hatred. Jon Meacham writes that, "With a single phrase, Martin Luther King, Jr. joined Jefferson and Lincoln in the ranks of men who've shaped modern America". The speech was ranked the top American speech of the 20th century in a 1999 poll of scholars of public address.
Background.
The March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom was partly intended to demonstrate mass support for the civil rights legislation proposed by President Kennedy in June. Martin Luther King and other leaders therefore agreed to keep their speeches calm, also, to avoid provoking the civil disobedience which had become the hallmark of the civil rights movement. King originally designed his speech as a homage to Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Address, timed to correspond with the 100-year centennial of the Emancipation Proclamation.
Speech title and the writing process.
King had been preaching about dreams since 1960, when he gave a speech to the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) called "The Negro and the American Dream". This speech discusses the gap between the American dream and reality, saying that overt white supremacists have violated the dream, but also that "our federal government has also scarred the dream through its apathy and hypocrisy, its betrayal of the cause of justice". King suggests that "It may well be that the Negro is God’s instrument to save the soul of America." He had also delivered a "dream" speech in Detroit, in June 1963, when he marched on Woodward Avenue with Walter Reuther and the Reverend C. L. Franklin, and had rehearsed other parts.
The March on Washington Speech, known as "I Have a Dream Speech", has been shown to have had several versions, written at several different times. It has no single version draft, but is an amalgamation of several drafts, and was originally called "Normalcy, Never Again." Little of this, and another "Normalcy Speech," ends up in the final draft. A draft of "Normalcy, Never Again" is housed in the Morehouse College Martin Luther King, Jr. Collection of the Robert W. Woodruff Library, Atlanta University Center and Morehouse College. The focus on "I have a dream," comes through the speech's delivery. Toward the end of its delivery, noted African American gospel singer Mahalia Jackson shouted to King from the crowd, "Tell them about the dream, Martin." King stopped delivering his prepared speech and started "preaching", punctuating his points with "I have a dream."
The speech was drafted with the assistance of Stanley Levison and Clarence Benjamin Jones in Riverdale, New York City. Jones has said that "the logistical preparations for the march were so burdensome that the speech was not a priority for us" and that "on the evening of Tuesday, Aug. 27, hours before the March Martin still didn't know what he was going to say".
Leading up to the speech's rendition at the Great March on Washington, King had delivered its "I have a dream" refrains in his speech before 25,000 people in Detroit's Cobo Hall immediately after the 125,000-strong Great Walk to Freedom in Detroit, June 23, 1963. After the Washington, D.C. March, a recording of King's Cobo Hall speech was released by Detroit's Gordy records as an LP entitled "The Great March To Freedom."
The speech.
Widely hailed as a masterpiece of rhetoric, King's speech invokes the Declaration of Independence, the Emancipation Proclamation, and the United States Constitution. Early in his speech, King alludes to Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Address by saying "Five score years ago..." King says in reference to the abolition of slavery articulated in the Emancipation Proclamation, "It came as a joyous daybreak to end the long night of their captivity." Anaphora, the repetition of a phrase at the beginning of sentences, is employed throughout the speech. Early in his speech, King urges his audience to seize the moment: "Now is the time..." is repeated three times in the sixth paragraph. The most widely cited example of anaphora is found in the often quoted phrase "I have a dream..." which is repeated eight times as King paints a picture of an integrated and unified America for his audience. Other occasions include "One hundred years later," "We can never be satisfied," "With this faith," "Let freedom ring," and "free at last." King was the sixteenth out of eighteen people to speak that day, according to the official program.
Among the most quoted lines of the speech, include "I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character. I have a dream today!".
According to U.S. Representative John Lewis, who also spoke that day as the president of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee. "Dr. King had the power, the ability, and the capacity to transform those steps on the Lincoln Memorial into a monumental area that will forever be recognized. By speaking the way he did, he educated, he inspired, he informed not just the people there, but people throughout America and unborn generations."
The ideas in the speech reflect King's social experiences of the mistreatment of blacks. The speech draws upon appeals to America's myths as a nation founded to provide freedom and justice to all people, and then reinforces and transcends those secular mythologies by placing them within a spiritual context by arguing that racial justice is also in accord with God's will. Thus, the rhetoric of the speech provides redemption to America for its racial sins. King describes the promises made by America as a "promissory note" on which America has defaulted. He says that "America has given the Negro people a bad check", but that "we've come to cash this check" by marching in Washington, D.C.
Similarities and allusions.
King's speech uses words and ideas from his own speeches and other texts. He had spoken about dreams, quoted from "My Country 'Tis of Thee", and of course referred extensively to the Bible, for years. The idea of constitutional rights as an "unfulfilled promise" was suggested by Clarence Jones.
The closing passage from King's speech partially resembles Archibald Carey, Jr.'s address to the 1952 Republican National Convention: both speeches end with a recitation of the first verse of Samuel Francis Smith's popular patriotic hymn "America" (My Country ’Tis of Thee), and the speeches share the name of one of several mountains from which both exhort "let freedom ring".
King also is said to have built on Prathia Hall's speech at the site of a burned-down African American church in Terrell County, Georgia in September 1962, in which she used the repeated phrase "I have a dream". (the church burned down after it was used for voter registration meetings.) 
It also alludes to Psalm 30:5 in the second stanza of the speech.
King also quotes from Isaiah 40:4-5—"I have a dream that every valley shall be exalted..." and Amos 5:24—"But let justice roll down like water..." Additionally, King alludes to the opening lines of Shakespeare's "Richard III" ("Now is the winter of our discontent/Made glorious summer...") when he remarks, "this sweltering summer of the Negro's legitimate discontent will not pass until there is an invigorating autumn..."
The speech and rhetoric.
The “I Have A Dream” speech can be dissected by using three rhetorical lenses: voice merging, prophetic voice, and dynamic spectacle. Voice merging is the combining of one’s own voice with religious predecessors. Prophetic voice is using rhetoric to speak for a population. A dynamic spectacle has origins from the Aristotelian definition as “a weak hybrid form of drama, a theatrical concoction that relied upon external factors (shock, sensation, and passionate release) such as televised rituals of conflict and social control.”
Voice merging is a common technique used amongst African American preachers. It combines the voices of previous preachers and excerpts from scriptures along with their own unique thoughts to create a unique voice. King uses voice merging in his peroration when he references the secular hymn America. By using this technique it adds a level of power to his rhetoric.
The rhetoric of King’s speech can be compared to the rhetoric of Old Testament prophets. During King’s speech, he speaks with urgency and crisis giving him a prophetic voice. The prophetic voice must “restore and sense of duty and virtue amidst the decay of venality.” An evident example is when King declares that “now is a time to make justice a reality for all of God’s children.”
“Given the context of the drama and tension of which it was situated,” King’s speech can be classified as a dynamic spectacle. A dynamic spectacle is dependent on the situation in which it is used. It can be considered a dynamic spectacle because it happened at the correct time and place: during the Civil Rights Movement and the March on Washington.
Responses.
The speech was lauded in the days after the event, and was widely considered the high point of the March by contemporary observers. James Reston, writing for the "New York Times", said that “Dr. King touched all the themes of the day, only better than anybody else. He was full of the symbolism of Lincoln and Gandhi, and the cadences of the Bible. He was both militant and sad, and he sent the crowd away feeling that the long journey had been worthwhile.” Reston also noted that the event "was better covered by television and the press than any event here since President Kennedy's inauguration," and opined that "it will be a long time before forgets the melodious and melancholy voice of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. crying out his dreams to the multitude." An article in the "Boston Globe" by Mary McGrory reported that King's speech "caught the mood" and "moved the crowd" of the day "as no other" speaker in the event. Marquis Childs of The Washington Post wrote that King's speech "rose above mere oratory". An article in the "Los Angeles Times" commented that the "matchless eloquence" displayed by King, "a supreme orator" of "a type so rare as almost to be forgotten in our age," put to shame the advocates of segregation by inspiring the "conscience of America" with the justice of the civil-rights cause.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) also noticed the speech, which provoked them to expand their COINTELPRO operation against the SCLC, and to target King specifically as a major enemy of the United States. Two days after King delivered "I Have a Dream", Agent William C. Sullivan, the head of COINTELPRO, wrote a memo about King's growing influence:
In the light of King's powerful demagogic speech yesterday he stands head and shoulders above all other Negro leaders put together when it comes to influencing great masses of Negroes. We must mark him now, if we have not done so before, as the most dangerous Negro of the future in this Nation from the standpoint of communism, the Negro and national security.
The speech was a success for the Kennedy administration and for the liberal civil rights coalition that had planned it. It was considered a "triumph of managed protest", and not one arrest relating to the demonstration occurred. Kennedy had watched King's speech on TV and been very impressed. Afterwards, March leaders accepted an invitation to the White House to meet with President Kennedy. Kennedy felt the March bolstered the chances for his civil rights bill. Some of the more radical Black leaders who were present condemned the speech (along with the rest of the march) as too compromising. Malcolm X later wrote in his "Autobiography": "Who ever heard of angry revolutionaries swinging their bare feet together with their oppressor in lily pad pools, with gospels and guitars and 'I have a dream' speeches?"
Legacy.
The March on Washington put pressure on the Kennedy administration to advance its civil rights legislation in Congress. The diaries of Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr., published posthumously in 2007, suggest that President Kennedy was concerned that if the march failed to attract large numbers of demonstrators, it might undermine his civil rights efforts.
In the wake of the speech and march, King was named Man of the Year by "TIME" magazine for 1963, and in 1964, he was the youngest person ever awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. The full speech did not appear in writing until August 1983, some 15 years after King's death, when a transcript was published in the "Washington Post".
In 2002, the Library of Congress honored the speech by adding it to the United States National Recording Registry.
In 2003, the National Park Service dedicated an inscribed marble pedestal to commemorate the location of King's speech at the Lincoln Memorial.
On August 26, 2013 UK's BBC Radio 4 broadcast "God's Trombone" in which Gary Younge looked behind the scenes of the speech and explored "what made it both timely and timeless".
On August 28, 2013, thousands gathered on the mall in Washington D.C. where King made his historic speech to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the occasion. In attendance were former U.S. Presidents Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter, and President Barack Obama, who addressed the crowd and spoke on the significance of the event. Many of King's family were in attendance.
Copyright dispute.
Because King's speech was broadcast to a large radio and television audience, there was controversy about the copyright status of the speech. If the performance of the speech constituted "general publication", it would have entered the public domain due to King's failure to register the speech with the Registrar of Copyrights. If the performance only constituted "limited publication", however, King retained common law copyright. This led to a lawsuit, "Estate of Martin Luther King, Jr., Inc. v. CBS, Inc.", which established that the King estate does hold copyright over the speech and had standing to sue; the parties then settled. Unlicensed use of the speech or a part of it can still be lawful in some circumstances, especially in jurisdictions under doctrines such as fair use or fair dealing. Under the applicable copyright laws, the speech will remain under copyright in the United States until 70 years after King's death, therefore until 2038.
Original copy of the speech.
As King waved goodbye to the audience, he handed George Raveling the original typewritten "I Have a Dream" speech. Raveling, an all-American basketball player from Villanova, had volunteered as a security guard for the event and was on the podium with King at that moment. Raveling still has custody of the original copy. Raveling has been offered as high as $3,000,000 for the original copy of the speech but claims to have no intention of selling it, with plans on leaving it to his children instead.

</doc>
<doc id="18948387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948387" title="Korea at the Olympics">
Korea at the Olympics

Korea at the Olympics may represent
North and South also entered the "Olympic Opening Ceremonies" together, under the Korean Unification Flag, but competed independently at several Olympics:

</doc>
<doc id="18948392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948392" title="Eric Gillis">
Eric Gillis

Eric Gillis (born March 8, 1980) is a Canadian athlete. He was born and raised in the community of Antigonish, Nova Scotia. He currently resides in Guelph, Ontario.
Sporting career.
He has had much national and international success during his athletics career. He represented Canada at the 2008 Beijing Olympics in the 10,000m. On October 16, 2011, Gillis qualified for the 2012 London Olympics with a 2:11:28 finish at the Toronto Waterfront Marathon.
The 2008 Summer Olympics.
Gillis went to the Beijing Summer Olympics as a member of Team Canada. He competed in the 10000 metres event on August 17, 2008, in the Beijing National Stadium. Though he was aiming to finish among the top 20, he ended up finished 33rd overall with a time of 29:08.10.
2012 Summer Olympics.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Gillis competed in the men's marathon. He finished in 22nd place with a time of 2:16:00.

</doc>
<doc id="18948394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948394" title="List of butterflies of North America">
List of butterflies of North America

This list includes all of the common and scientific names of butterflies of North America north of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18948395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948395" title="Hugh of Chalon">
Hugh of Chalon

Hugh, Hugues, or Hugo of Chalon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18948397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948397" title="Fatehpur Jattan">
Fatehpur Jattan

Fatehpur Jattan is a village in the Bassi Pathana block in Fatehgarh Sahib District in the Indian state of Punjab.
Geography.
The village is surrounded by the curvy bend of Bhakhra Canal, it is around 50 kilometres from Chandigarh-the capital of Punjab, 50 km from Patiala-academic city of Punjab, and about 68 km from Ludhiana-industrial city of Punjab.
The canal covers East and South side of the village completely, thus blocking access from both sides. The nearest bridges to canal are at Doomchheri (4 KM Northeast of village) and at Thablan (3 km Southwest of village).
Religion.
Most of the villagers are God-fearing religious people and believes in GOD, as supported by various worship places in the village. There is Gurudwara sahib in centre of the village where people of all religions go for fulfilling their wishes and near to it Baba joon shah Barote Wala (An annual assembly followed by Qawali takes place every year in June). On the south of village is a Kutia of a popular Sant baba Bhola Singh ji and near to it mosque, on western end is Baba Kadhe Shah Morh wala, and on Eastern side is Babe Shaheed. A plan for mosque construction is also being considered.In all sides of village, there are religious places.
Transport.
The nearest bus station and railway station is at Nogawan, nearest Sr secondary schools are at Khantmanpur and Nogawan, nearest towns are Morinda, Sanghol(Ucha Pind), Khamanon and Bassi Pathana. Recently, Fatehpur has been well connected to neighbouring villages Shadipur, Panjkoha and Gandhuan by roads.
Education.
The village houses a government primary school, and a water supply system is under construction. The village has its own Panchayat which was recently elected by consensus. This consists of five Panchayat members and a Sarpanch.
Some of the leading figures of this village are Master Azmer Singh (retd Teacher), Sohan Singh (Land Valuation Officer), Shamsher Khan (IT Consultant in UK), Master Amar Singh (retd Teacher), Harnek Singh (ex-Serviceman and Sarpanch).
Now this village had developed many facilities like water supply, computer education, clean streets, etc.but still lacks many basic facilities like a dispensary, good transportation links, senior standard school, post office,playground and many more.

</doc>
<doc id="18948422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948422" title="James Miller (footballer)">
James Miller (footballer)

James Miller was a Scottish footballer.
Miller played for Blantyre Victoria, Hamilton Academical, St. Mirren, Morton, Grimsby Town, Manchester United, York City, Boston Town and Shirebrook.

</doc>
<doc id="18948426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948426" title="Lala Baba Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery">
Lala Baba Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery

Lala Baba Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery on the Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey. It contains the remains of some of the soldiers killed during World War I during the battles at Gallipoli. This was an eight-month campaign fought by Commonwealth and French forces against Ottoman Empire forces to try to force the Ottoman Empire out of the war which it was hoped would open a supply route from the Mediterranean to Russia through the Dardanelles and Istanbul and to relieve the deadlock on the Western Front.
Several months into the campaign, additional troops were landed at Suvla, just North of the Anzac sector and attacks launched simultaneously from the existing positions. The Suvla landing was intended to capture high ground around the bay, but delays caused by indecision and confusion allowed the defending Turks to reinforce and few of the objectives were achieved.
The cemetery is sited on a small hill, Little Lala Baba, half a mile southwest of a larger, 160 high hill called Lala Baba. Lala Baba was captured on the morning of 7 August 1915, the day after the Suvla Bay Landings, . The cemetery was constructed after the Armistice from isolated graves and the concentration of burials from nine surrounding cemeteries. As well as named grave markers, 53 markers are unnamed and special memorials commemorate 16 soldiers thought to be buried in the cemetery but whose graves have not been identified.
Notable graves.
Brigadier General Paul Aloysius Kenna VC DSO is buried in the cemetery. Kenna was commissioned in 1886 and awarded his VC following the Battle of Omdurman in 1898. He had competed in horse riding in the 1912 Summer Olympics. Kenna died of his wounds on 30 August 1915, aged 53. At the time was in command of the 3rd Mounted Brigade.

</doc>
<doc id="18948434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948434" title="Filippos Pliatsikas">
Filippos Pliatsikas

Filippos Pliatsikas (Greek: Φίλιππος Πλιάτσικας) was the main composer, lyricist, and lead singer of the Entekhno rock group Pyx Lax (Πυξ Λαξ) and is now a solo artist.
Career.
Filippos Pliatsikas was born in Athens and has been involved in music from the age of 12.
From 1989 he was a founding member of the most popular band in Greece “PIX LAX” and until 2004 when the band broke up, he wrote and sang songs like “I Palies Agapes Pane Sto Paradeiso”, “Monaxia Mou Ola” “Epapses Agapi Na Thimizeis” and many more. His solo career since 2004 has been equally impressive and his albums continue to reach gold and platinum sales. Songs like “Ti Den Emathe O Theos”, “Taxidevontas Me Allo Ixo- recorded from the live performance from Athens Concert Hall “Megaron” with the ERT classical orchestra of Contemporary Music, “Ena Vrohero Taxi”, the album “Omnia” which included tracks like “Poios Exei Logo Stin Agapi”, “An Tha Mporousa To Kosmo Na Allaza”, “Poli Hioni” and more.
On his musical journey he has collaborated with artists like R.E.M., Sting, Eric Burdon, Marc Almond, Steve Wynn, Gordon Gano, Loop Guru, I Muvrini, Haroula Alexiou, Haris and Panos Katsimihas, Dionisis Tsaknis, Vasilis Kazoulis, Vasilis Karas, Lavrentis Mahairitsas, Dimitris Mitropanos and many more. Filippos has appeared in many concerts both in Greece and abroad and continues to do so.
In 2005 & 2006 he collaborated with Lavrentis Mahairitsas and Dionusis Tsaknis in shows all over Greece. This two-year collaboration ended with a big show called “25 years – Our Rock” with guests from all the most important singers in the industry. In the summer of 2006, Filippos took part in a road festival called “Oneiro Electricis Nihtas” travelled all over Greece with Manolis Famellos, ONAR, Theodoris Kontakos (Kos K) 
In the spring of 2007, Filippos releases one of his most successful albums to date in his personal career called “Omnia”. This platinum album put Filippos in a higher league in terms of his live performances. This was seen in his three sold out concerts with the Contemporary Orchestra of ERT in Greece’s renowned Lycabettus theatre where 22.000 fans justify his journey and choice. In the winter of 2008, he toured all over Greece and Cyprus with Vasilis Kazoulis where more than 100.000 fans attend these successful shows. 
In 2009 he releases his next album “Ballerinas Epitreponte” and he tours in 10 European cities: London, Leicester, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Stuttgart, Munich, Brussels, Amsterdam, Nicosia and Lemesos. In the same year he kicked off his summer tour in the Karaiskaki Stadium with Sinead O'Connor and guest starring: Maraveyal Illegal, Gordon Gano (Violent Femmes) and MC Yinka. At the end of 2010, he released his album “Tin Alitheia Na Po” which was distributed for free via the internet, something done for the first time in the Greek music industry. This album included 15 tracks which portrayed his truth, his reality. He experimented with various sounds and by using a Gospel choir from San Diego mixed with musicians from Ipirus he managed to make his songs a journey once again. In light of the album he performed shows in December 2010 to the spring of 2011. In 2011, Pyx Lax reunited. These old friends reunited on stage for a series of shows. This was considered the music event of the year. They travelled to the biggest cities in Greece and presented a show unlike one ever performed in Greece before. This was the case as it broke the record of the most ticket sales ever sold by Greek artists. The highlights of the tour were in the Olympic Stadium in Athens which had an audience of 80.000 people and in the Kaftatsogleio Stadium in Thesaloniki with an audience of 50.000 people. The Pix Lax tour came to an end with three shows in America (New York, Chicago, Boston) and one in Canada (Toronto) which were performed in historic venues (Terminal 5 and House of Blues). In March 2012, Filippos released his new album titled “Prosoxi sto Keno”and the song “Pou na pame” has already started its own journey. Filippos is currently getting ready for his summer tour which starts on 30 May and Eleonora Zouganeli will also be performing with him.
Discography.
Personal Albums
• Ena Vrohero Taxi – 2002
• Ti Den Emathe O Theos – 2005
• Taxidevontas Me Allon Iho – 2006
• Omnia – 2007
• Ballarines Epitreponte – 2009
• Tin Alitheia Na Po – 2010
• Prosoxi Sto Keno – 2012
PYX-LAX Albums
• Ti Allo Na Peis Pio Apla – 1990
• Zorikoi Kairoi – 1991
• O Ilios Tou Heimona Me Melanholei
• Gia Tous Prigipes Tis Dutikis Ohthis
• O Baboulas Tragoudaei Monos Tis Nihtes
• Nihterinos Peripatos Stin Iera Odo – 1997 – With Giorgos Dalaras
• Live Recording from Iera Odo – 1997 – With George Dalaras
• Paixe Paliatso Ta Tragoudia Sou Teleionoun – 1997
• O Erotas Koimithike Noris – 1998
• Stilvi – 1998
• Ase tin Eikona Na Milaei – 1999 – with I Muvrini/ Featuring Sting
• Netrino – 1999 with Lakis Papadopoulos
• Iparhoun Hrisopsara Edo? – 1999
• Ta Dokaria Sto Grasidi Perimenoun Ta Paidia – 2001
• Apo Edo Ki Apo Kei – 2002
• Haroumenoi Stin Poli Ton Trelon – 2003
• Telos – Live from Lykabettus – 2004
• Hey Man Koita Brosta – Live – 2011

</doc>
<doc id="18948451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948451" title="John Cledwyn Davies">
John Cledwyn Davies

John Cledwyn Davies (1869 – 31 December 1952) was a Welsh Liberal Party politician, educationist and lawyer.
Education.
Davies was educated at Llanrwst Grammar School, University College, Bangor and London University where he gained his MA degree.
Career.
Davies was called to the Bar at the Middle Temple but spent much of his career in education as a teacher and administrator. His most senior positions were as Headmaster of Holywell Secondary School, Flintshire and then as Director of Education for the county of Denbighshire. He was a Member of Court of the University of Wales as well as being a Member of the University Council and of its Finance Committee. He was a member of the Welsh Joint Education Committee and a member of a number of governing bodies of various schools in Wales.
Politics.
Davies was for a time a member of Denbighshire County Council and its Education Committee. He also served as a Justice of the Peace. He emerged more publicly into the political light at the 1922 general election against the background of the continuing split in the Liberal Party between the followers of David Lloyd George and H H Asquith. Davies was adopted as National Liberal (i.e. Lloyd George) candidate for the constituency of Denbigh. He stood down temporarily from his post as Director of Education to be able to stand for Parliament and was opposed in the election by Llewellyn G Williams standing for the Asquithian Liberals and a Conservative the Honourable Mrs Broderick. The 1922 election was bad for Liberals of both persuasions but particularly bad for the former Coalition or National Liberals. According to one historian, only in its stronghold of rural north Wales was Coalition Liberalism able to survive unaided against Conservative and Labour attacks. Davies’ experience in the election and his brief stay in the House of Commons was clearly uncongenial to him as he decided not to put himself before the electorate again at the 1923 general election which was won for the then reunited Liberal Party by the former Asquithian Ellis William Davies.
By 1929, Denbigh was represented in Parliament, by another Liberal, Dr Henry Morris-Jones. The Liberal Party, who had been part of the National Government formed in 1931, crossed into opposition. However, Morris-Jones along with colleagues in the Liberal National group, decided to remain on the government benches. The Denbigh Liberal Association were unhappy with Morris-Jones and decided to select a new candidate, settling on Davies. At the 1935 General election, Davies came second to Morris-Jones, who was supported by the Conservatives. This Denbigh election marked the first occasion in the United Kingdom when a Liberal National MP was directly opposed by the Liberal Party.

</doc>
<doc id="18948459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948459" title="Botswana at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games">
Botswana at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games

Botswana competed at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games. They were represented by seven athletes in two sports.

</doc>
<doc id="18948470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948470" title="Carrom ball">
Carrom ball

The carrom ball is a style of spin bowling delivery used in cricket. The ball is released by flicking it between the thumb and a bent middle finger in order to impart spin. Though the delivery is known to date from at least the 1940s, it was re-introduced into mainstream international cricket in the late 2000s by Ajantha Mendis. Ravichandran Ashwin of India further popularized the carrom ball.
Origin and Growth of the bowl.
The first bowler known to have used this style of delivery was the Australian Jack Iverson from Victoria, who used it throughout his Test career in the period after the Second World War, although he did not use the name "carrom ball". Fellow countryman John Gleeson used a similar grip a decade later, but by the 1970s the method was almost forgotten; however, it has since re-entered cricketing consciousness because of its use by Ajantha Mendis of Sri Lanka, with the new name of carrom ball.
Recently, Ravichandran Ashwin of India has been associated with the carrom ball. Ashwin calls his variation the 'sodukku ball'. In the Tamil language, sodukku means "snapping of fingers". This is reflected by the way the ball is delivered, by a "snap" of the middle finger and the thumb. Ashwin went on record to say that he first learned to bowl this type of delivery playing street cricket in Chennai, while using a tennis ball, and later in his childhood, he perfected the delivery with a real cricket ball. Ashwin used this ball in the 2008 IPL (Indian Premier League) weeks before Mendis unveiled it in the international arena during Asia cup 2008, thus rejecting any views that either of them copied it from the other, as perfecting such a ball can take months of practice. He took 9 wickets in his debut test against West Indies in 2011-2012 and used the carrom ball to dismiss Marlon Samuels in the second innings. In 2013 UP bowler Ajit Yadav has alleged he first developed the ball.
Method.
The ball is held between the thumb, forefinger and the middle finger and, instead of a conventional release, the ball is squeezed out and flicked by the fingers like a carrom player flicking the disc on a carrom board.
It is different to wrist-bowled deliveries. Traditional leg-spin is bowled with anti-clockwise wrist movement for a right-armed bowler, while Muttiah Muralitharan's special type of off-spin is bowled with clockwise wrist movement. A finger-bowled delivery such as traditional off-spin is bowled with a clockwise finger movement.
Carrom spin can be considered a third category of spin bowling after leg spin and off spin, as the middle finger and thumb flick or squeeze the ball out of the hand, like a carrom player flicking a striker in the indoor game of carrom.
When the centre finger is gripped towards the leg side, the ball spins from leg to off; when the centre finger is gripped towards the off side, the ball spins from off to leg.
Depending on the degree the ball is gripped towards the leg side, the carrom ball could also travel straight.
The carrom ball can therefore spin to either the off or leg sides or travel straight (as opposed to the popular misconception that it only spins towards the off side).

</doc>
<doc id="18948474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948474" title="Drafter">
Drafter

Drafter, draughtsman (BrE) or draftsman (AmE), can mean two things:
This article is about technical drafters. For the artistic profession, see Drawing.
Overview.
In the past, drafters sat at drawing boards and used pencils, pens, compasses, protractors, triangles, and other drafting devices to prepare a drawing by hand. During the late 1980s and early 1990s, drawing boards became largely superseded by the application of Computer Aided Design and Drafting (CADD) systems for the creation of technical drawings. Consequently, some drafters may be referred to as CADD operators.
With CADD systems, drafters can create and store drawings electronically so that they can be viewed, printed, or programmed directly into automated manufacturing systems. CADD systems also permit drafters to quickly prepare variations of a design. Although drafters use CADD extensively, it is only a tool. Drafters still need knowledge of traditional drafting techniques, in addition to CADD skills. Despite the nearly worldly use of CADD systems, manual drafting and sketching are used in certain applications. 
Drafters’ drawings provide visual guidelines and show how to construct a product or structure. Drawings include technical details and specify dimensions, materials, and procedures. Drafters fill in technical details using drawings, rough sketches, specifications, and calculations made by engineers, surveyors, architects, or scientists. For example, drafters use their knowledge of standardized building techniques to draw in the details of a structure. Some use their understanding of engineering and manufacturing theory and standards to draw the parts of a machine; they determine design elements, such as the numbers and kinds of fasteners needed to assemble the machine. Drafters use technical handbooks, tables, calculators, and computers to complete their work.
Specialties.
Drafting work has many specialties: 
Work environment.
Drafters usually work in offices, seated at adjustable drawing boards or drafting tables when doing manual drawings, although most drafters work at computer terminals much of the time. Because they spend long periods in front of computers doing detailed work, drafters may be susceptible to eyestrain, back discomfort, and hand and wrist problems. Most drafters work standard 40-hour weeks; only a small number work part-time.
Education and training.
High school courses in mathematics, science, computer technology, design, computer graphics, and, where available, drafting are useful for people considering a drafting career. Employers prefer applicants who have also completed training after high school at a technical institute, community college, or four-year college or university. 
The kind and quality of drafting training programs vary considerably so prospective students should be careful in selecting a program. They should contact prospective employers to ask which schools they prefer and contact schools to ask for information about the kinds of jobs their graduates have, the type and condition of instructional facilities and equipment, and teacher qualifications. 
Technical institutes offer intensive technical training, but they provide a less general education than do community colleges. Either certificates or diplomas may be awarded. Many technical institutes offer two-year associate degree programs, which are similar to, or part of, the programs offered by community colleges or state university systems. Their programs vary considerably in length and in the type of courses offered. Some public vocational-technical schools serve local students and emphasize the type of training preferred by local employers. Most require a high school diploma or its equivalent for admission. Other technical institutes are run by private, often for-profit, organizations sometimes called proprietary schools.

</doc>
<doc id="18948479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948479" title="Pyotr Shirshov">
Pyotr Shirshov

Pyotr Petrovich Shirshov () (December 25 (O.S. December 12), 1905, Ekaterinoslav (today Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine) - February 17, 1953, Moscow) was a Russian Soviet oceanographer, hydrobiologist, polar explorer, statesman, academician (1939), and Hero of the Soviet Union (1938). 
Pyotr Shirshov graduated from the Odessa Public Education Institute in 1929. In 1929-1932, he was a researcher at the Botanical Garden of the Soviet Academy of Sciences. In 1932-1936, Pyotr Shirshov was employed as a researcher at the All-Union Arctic Institute. He participated in numerous Arctic expeditions, including the ones on icebreakers "Sibiryakov" (1932) and "Chelyuskin" and a drifting ice station "North Pole-1" (1937-1938). In 1942-1948, Pyotr Shirshov was People's Commissar (later Minister) of the Soviet Maritime Fleet. In 1946-1953, he headed the Institute of Oceanology of the Soviet Academy of Sciences, which he had established himself. In 1946-1950, Pyotr Shirshov chaired the Pacific Ocean Science Committee. 
Pyotr Shirshov authored numerous works dealing with his research on plankton in polar regions. He is known to have proven the fallacy of the hypothesis that there is no life in high latitudes of the Arctic Ocean. Pyotr Shirshov was awarded three Orders of Lenin, four other orders, and several medals. A bay in the Franz Josef Land, an underwater range in the Bering Sea, and Shirshov Institute of Oceanology bear Pyotr Shirshov's name.

</doc>
<doc id="18948484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948484" title="Cyclirius webbianus">
Cyclirius webbianus

The Canary Blue, Cyclirius webbianus, is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae. It is endemic to the Canary Islands.
The length of the forewings is . The species flies from March to August on heights of up to . 
The larvae feed on Fabaceae ("Lotus", "Cytisus", "Spartocytisus" and "Ononis" species).

</doc>
<doc id="18948490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948490" title="List of transactions involving the Charlotte Bobcats">
List of transactions involving the Charlotte Bobcats

This article lists transactions (including trades, draft picks, free agent signings, waivers, etc.). involving the Charlotte Bobcats of the NBA, in chronological order. Trades which occur in the off-season are listed with the following season.
2004–05.
NBA Draft.
In the 2004 NBA Draft, the team selected:
2005–06.
NBA Draft.
In the 2005 NBA Draft, the team selected:
2006–07.
Draft Day.
In the 2006 NBA Draft, the team selected:
2007–08.
Draft Day.
In the 2007 NBA Draft, the team selected:
2008–09.
Draft Day.
In the 2008 NBA Draft, the team selected:
2009–10.
Draft Day.
In the 2009 NBA Draft, the team selected:

</doc>
<doc id="18948503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948503" title="Botswana at the 1982 Commonwealth Games">
Botswana at the 1982 Commonwealth Games

Botswana competed in the 1982 Commonwealth Games. They sent athletes in two sports. 

</doc>
<doc id="18948515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948515" title="List of Big Windup! episodes">
List of Big Windup! episodes

This is a list episodes for the Japanese anime series, "Big Windup!". The English titles for the first season are according to the names used by Funimation Entertainment. English titles in the other seasons are not official.
The first season, produced in 2007, was entitled . It was produced by the Japanese animation studio A-1 Pictures and directed by Tsutomu Mizushima. It was released in English by Funimation under the title "Big Windup! – Oofuri". The series contains 25 episodes which aired between April 12 and September 27 on a number of Japanese television networks including TBS, MBS, BS-i, and CBC. An additional special episode based on the one shot "The Basic of Basics" was only included in the 9th volume of the DVD's.
The story follows the story of Ren Mihashi, a pitcher who was blamed by his middle school team for their string of losses, and as a result suffers from low self-esteem and transfers to a different high school. There, the school's first baseball team is being formed and Mihashi reluctantly joins as their Ace Pitcher. Assisted by his new teammates (and especially the catcher, Takaya Abe), he grows in stature, confidence and skill, helping his team excel with his own abilities. There are two opening and ending theme songs for the series. The first is , sung by Base Ball Bear, and the second is "Seishun Line" (), by Ikimonogakari. "Medaka no Mita Niji" (), performed by Kozue Takada, is the first ending theme, and the second is "Arigatō" (), by SunSet Swish.
A second season was announced in the 13th volume of the manga. It began in 2010 and was entitled . It was produced by the same team as the first season and contains thirteen episodes which aired between April 1 and June 24 on several Japanese television networks, such as TBS and MBS.
The story picks up where the first season left off, as the Nishiura High School baseball team continues to compete in the High School Baseball Invitational Tournament with the aim of playing in the finals at legendary Hanshin Kōshien Stadium. The opening theme is , performed by Galileo Galilei, and the ending theme is , by CureaL.
In 2011, an additional episode taking place between 12 and 13 (in season 2) was included in the last OVA, bringing the total of episodes in season 2 to 14, and the total for the entire anime series to 40.

</doc>
<doc id="18948520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948520" title="Mathieu Dossevi">
Mathieu Dossevi

Mathieu Dossevi (born 12 February 1988 in Chambray-les-Tours, Indre-et-Loire) is a French footballer, who currently plays for Ligue 1 side Valenciennes FC as a striker.
Personal life.
Dossevi and his brother Thomas, a Togolese international footballer, are the sons of Pierre-Antoine Dossevi, who played for Paris Saint-Germain in the 70s. His uncle Othniel, another former PSG footballer, is the father of pole vaulter Damiel Dossevi, who competes for France.

</doc>
<doc id="18948525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948525" title="Bradford, Vermont">
Bradford, Vermont

Bradford is a town in Orange County, Vermont, United States. The population was 2,619 at the 2000 census.
History.
The first settler was John Hosmer in 1765. Originally called Waits Town or Waits River Town after Joseph Wait, it was changed to Mooretown when 3,000 acres (1200 hectares) were granted on May 3, 1770 by New York patent to Sir Henry Moore, 1st Baronet, who in turn conveyed them to 30 settlers. The remainder of the land was appropriated by squatters. In 1788, the name was changed by the Vermont General Assembly to Bradford.
Although the chief occupation of the town was farming, mills developed at falls on the Waits River. On October 10, 1848, the Connecticut & Passumpsic Rivers Railroad formally opened to Bradford. By 1859, when the town's population was 1,723, industries included a foundry and machine shop, two gristmills, three sawmills, a paper mill and whetstone factory. Bradford also manufactured farm implements, wooden ware and tinware.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 29.9 square miles (77.4 km2), of which 29.8 square miles (77.2 km2) is land and 0.1 square mile (0.2 km2) (0.20%) is water. The Waits River flows through Bradford to its confluence with the Connecticut River, which forms the eastern boundary of the town.
The town is crossed by Interstate 91, U.S. Route 5, Vermont Route 25, and Vermont Route 25B. It is bordered by the towns of Newbury to the north, West Fairlee and Fairlee to the south, and Corinth to the west. Piermont, New Hampshire lies across the Connecticut River to the east.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 2,619 people, 1,028 households, and 692 families residing in the town. The population density was 87.8 people per square mile (33.9/km2). There were 1,217 housing units at an average density of 40.8 per square mile (15.8/km2). The racial makeup of the town was 97.71% White, 0.46% Black or African American, 0.46% Native American, 0.23% Asian, 0.15% Pacific Islander, and 0.99% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.61% of the population.
There were 1,028 households out of which 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them. 51.8% were married couples living together, 12.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.6% were non-families. 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals and 11.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.98.
In the town the population was spread out with 26.2% under the age of 18, 7.6% from 18 to 24, 25.5% from 25 to 44, 25.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 91.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.3 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $37,270, and the median income for a family was $42,128. Males had a median income of $30,865 versus $28,857 for females. The per capita income for the town was $18,452. About 7.9% of families and 11.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.5% of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over
Education.
With a total student population of approximately 850, Bradford is home to:
Sites of interest.
Connecticut River Academy

</doc>
<doc id="18948530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948530" title="Leo Eloesser">
Leo Eloesser

Leo Eloesser (1881-1976), a noted thoracic surgeon, was born in San Francisco. He spent his undergraduate years at Berkeley and in 1901 went to Germany to study medicine. He became a pioneer in the field of thoracic surgery and joined the faculty of the Stanford Medical School in 1912. Known for his work among the poor and indigent, Dr. Eloesser served as the physician for Tom Mooney, whose trial and imprisonment on charges stemming from a 1916 bombing made him a cause célèbre of the American Left. He met Diego Rivera in 1926 and became Frida Kahlo's lifelong friend and medical adviser. In the Spanish Civil War he saw service at Teruel and on the Ebro front with his own Mobile Surgical Hospital. At the end of World War II he was in China with the Eighth Route Army under the auspices of UNICEF. He spent the last 25 years of his life in Mexico with his companion, Joyce Campbell.

</doc>
<doc id="18948533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948533" title="School Daze (disambiguation)">
School Daze (disambiguation)

School Daze may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18948544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948544" title="Charlie Flood">
Charlie Flood

Charles William Flood (18 July 1896 – 14 November 1978) was an English footballer.
Flood played for Plymouth Argyle, Hull City, Bolton Wanderers, Nottingham Forest, York City and Swindon Town.

</doc>
<doc id="18948545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948545" title="House of Chalon">
House of Chalon

The House of Chalon was a French and Dutch noble house.

</doc>
<doc id="18948560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948560" title="Daniel Morad">
Daniel Morad

Daniel Morad (born April 24, 1990 in Markham, York Region, Ontario) is a Canadian racecar driver. He is notable for winning the 2007 American Formula BMW championship.
Career.
Karting and Formula BMW.
Morad's career began in his native country during 1998 competing in several karting events. In his eight year career in karts, Morad picked up a number of trophies, including the "Canadian Formula Senior" Championship and a "Florida Winter Tour champion" title, in the Pro-Shifter class, both of which were won in his final year in karting, 2005. He then moved up into Formula racing the following year in the form of Formula BMW, competing in its American series. In his début season, in which he participated in all fourteen rounds, he picked up a win in Mid-Ohio, a pole position, a fastest lap and a podium at the Lime Rock Park meeting. With a collection of 75 points, Morad finished 6th overall in the Drivers' Championship.
He switched teams the following year, joining the Italian EuroInternational. he won the title that year, taking six wins of a possible fourteen and scoring 523 points, more than the previous year albeit with a more generous points system than the previous year, nearly 100 points clear of runner-up Mexican Esteban Gutierrez. 2007 also saw Morad drive for the Canadian A1 Grand Prix team taking the role of test driver at the South African, Mexican, Chinese and British meetings.
Atlantic Championship.
With his Formula BMW USA title on his Résumé, Morad managed to get a drive at the EuroInternational Atlantic Championship team alongside Venezuelan Luis Schiavo. He finished 12th in the championship after leaving the team and the series with three races remaining in the season. He was 10th at the time. His best finish was 6th at Long Beach and the Grand Prix de Trois-Rivières.
A1 Grand Prix and GP3.
Morad raced for A1 Team Lebanon in the 2008-09 season. Although having previously driven in rookie sessions for A1 Team Canada, his grandfather was Lebanese so he was able to switch teams. He completed every race for the team and scored 8 points, putting A1 Team Lebanon in 17th overall. Morad's best finish was 6th in the South African feature race. With A1GP's closing at the end of the season, Morad did not drive in any other series in 2009 but joined Status Grand Prix in the GP3 Series for 2010.He finished 12th in the GP3 series standings, and won the Silverstone sprint race. After sitting out the first round of the 2011 GP3 Series season, Daniel Morad signed on to contest the remainder of the season with Carlin Motorsport. However, Morad parted ways with the team in July and was replaced by Callum MacLeod.
Indy Lights.
Morad raced in the 2011 Firestone Indy Lights series with Team Moore Racing in Edmonton.
Personal life.
Morad was born in the spring of 1990 in Ontario to Robin and Ramsin Morad, he has one sister, Kayla.

</doc>
<doc id="18948561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948561" title="Gillmeria ochrodactyla">
Gillmeria ochrodactyla

Gillmeria ochrodactyla is a moth of the family Pterophoroidae. It is found in most of Europe and has recently been recorded from Iran and Tajikistan.
The species was known as "Gillmeria tetradactyla" until recently, but is now known as "Gillmeria ochrodactyla". "Gillmeria tetradactyla" is now an invalid name. Reason for this decision is eliminating the confusion with "Platyptilia tetradactyla".
The wingspan is . The moth flies from June to July.
The larvae feed on "Tanacetum vulgare".

</doc>
<doc id="18948573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948573" title="Spanair Flight 5022">
Spanair Flight 5022

Spanair Flight 5022 was a scheduled passenger flight from Madrid-Barajas Airport to Gran Canaria Airport, Spain that crashed just after take off from runway 36L of Barajas Airport at 14:24 CEST (12:24 UTC) on 20 August 2008. The aircraft was a McDonnell Douglas MD-82, registration EC-HFP. 154 people died; six died en route to the hospital, one died overnight and one died in the hospital three days later. Only 18 people survived.
It was the first and only fatal accident for Spanair (part of the SAS Group) in the 20-year history of the company, and the 14th fatal accident and 24th hull loss involving MD-80 series aircraft. The accident was the first fatal accident of any aeroplane featuring a full airline alliance special aircraft livery. It was the world's deadliest aviation accident in 2008 and Spain's deadliest since the 1989 crash of Avianca Flight 011.
The accident weakened Spanair's image, which at the time was already negative among the public. The crash exacerbated financial difficulties at Spanair, which ceased operations on 27 January 2012.
Crash.
The aircraft, named "Sunbreeze" (registration EC-HFP; manufacturer's serial number 53148; Douglas line number 2142) had been delivered to Korean Air on 18 November 1993 and was acquired by Spanair in July 1999.
The flight was a Star Alliance codeshare operated on behalf of Lufthansa as LH 2554. When it took off it was carrying 166 passengers and six crew members.
The accident occurred as the aircraft attempted to take off, at 14:24 local time, because the pilots had omitted to deploy the flaps and slats ready for takeoff. Without the use of these "high-lift" devices, the wings did not generate enough lift to keep the aircraft in the air. The MD-82 has a warning system (TOWS - Take-Off Warning System) that should have alerted the pilots, as they commenced their take-off run, that the plane was incorrectly configured for take-off. However, TOWS did not sound a warning, and the pilots continued with the fateful take-off attempt. The aircraft left the ground momentarily, rolled to the right, and crashed in the vicinity of the runway. The wings separated from the aircraft and the fuselage broke into two main parts. The wings and the rearward two-thirds of the fuselage were engulfed by fire.
The pilots had previously attempted and aborted a departure due to a sensor reporting excessive temperature in an air intake, and that the temperature sensor was de-activated on the ground (reportedly an established procedure since that sensor is redundant), delaying departure by over an hour. Another takeoff was attempted, during which the fatal accident occurred.
Casualties.
Of the 172 people on board, 146, including all crew members, perished in the crash or immediately after in the fire; of the 26 passengers rescued alive from the crash site, six died before arriving at the hospital, and two more in hospital, bringing the total number of fatalities to 154.
135 of the deceased and 16 of the survivors were Spanish nationals, 19 of the deceased and 2 survivors were of other nationalities. The deceased included German, French, Mauritanian, Turkish, Bulgarian, Gambian, Italian, Indonesian and Brazilian citizens.
Ervigio Corral, the head of the emergency services rescue team, said that the crash flung some of the survivors into a creek, lessening the severity of their burns. A 30 year old woman with British and Spanish dual citizenship survived with no burns as she was flung from row 6, still attached to her seat, and landed in a nearby stream. She suffered a punctured lung and broken left arm. Because of this ejection, she did not receive burns that the majority of the other passengers suffered.
Investigation.
Summary.
The accident was investigated by the Civil Aviation Accident and Incident Investigation Commission (CIAIAC). Representatives from the US National Transportation Safety Board, the aircraft manufacturer Boeing (as successor to McDonnell Douglas, the original aircraft manufacturer), and the engine manufacturer Pratt and Whitney supported the investigation.
A preliminary report on the accident was released by CIAIAC on 6 October 2008. Flight data recorders showed that the aircraft had taken off with flaps at 0°, and that the alarm for that abnormal takeoff configuration had not sounded. The report hinted at no other cause of the accident. Both the engines and thrust reversers were excluded as causes of the accident.
On 17 August 2009, CIAIAC released an interim report on the incident. The interim report confirmed the preliminary report's conclusion that the crash was caused by an attempt to take off with the flaps and slats retracted, which constituted an improper configuration, and noted that safeguards that should have prevented the crash failed to do so. The cockpit recordings revealed that the pilots omitted the "set and check the flap/slat lever and lights" item in the After Start checklist. In the Takeoff Imminent verification checklist the copilot just repeats the flaps and slats correct values "without actually checking them", as shown by the physical evidence. All three safety barriers provided to avoid the takeoff in an inappropriate configuration were defeated: the configuration checklist, the confirm and verify checklist, and Take-off Warning System (TOWS). The report also made a number of safety recommendations intended to prevent incidents like this from happening again.
CIAIAC published a further progress note in August 2010, and its final report in July 2011.
Theories.
Fire or explosion.
Some early eye-witness accounts suggested that the aircraft suffered an engine fire or explosion before crashing, but the Spanish airport authority AENA released a video showing that the engines neither exploded nor caught fire during take-off. Manuel Bautista, Director General of Spain's civil aviation authority, went as far as to state: "The engine is not the cause of the accident", surmising that a chain of events combining together was more likely than a single cause.
Temperature sensor.
There has been considerable interest in the faulty air temperature probe (the total air temperature sensor, located on the front of the aircraft near the cockpit) that initially caused the pilot to turn the plane back for maintenance before its catastrophic takeoff attempt. The maintenance logbook shows that overheating of the air temperature sensor occurred repeatedly the day before the crash. The mechanic simply deactivated the probe because the aircraft's Minimum Equipment List allowed it to be left inoperative. On 22 August investigators interviewed the mechanic, who defended his action by saying that it had nothing to do with the crash. Spanair has supported the mechanic's view that deactivation of the probe is an accepted procedure. On 1 September a report, quoting Spanair, stated that the problem detected on the first takeoff attempt was overheating caused by a temperature gauge's de-icing system, rather than a dysfunction of the temperature gauge itself and that since icing was not a risk on that flight, that the de-icing system had been deactivated by the mechanic with captain's approval.
On 11 May 2010, details from the cockpit voice recorder were leaked to the public and released by Spanish media. The recording showed that both pilots were concerned about a repair job performed earlier the day of the crash, in which mechanics used an ice pack to cool an overheating temperature sensor and removed a fuse. The BBC reported that the judge investigating the crash was to question three mechanics on suspicion of manslaughter. These were the two mechanics who checked the plane before take-off and the head of maintenance for Spanair at Barajas.
Thrust reverser.
Rumours suggested that investigators were focusing on the possibility that the thrust reverser of the No. 2 (right side) engine activated during the climb , similar to Lauda Air Flight 004 in 1991, since it was found to be in the deployed position in the wreckage, although it was unclear whether that was a result of impact forces, inadvertent deployment, or because the plane's commander deployed the thrust reversers in order to slow the aircraft. If the reverser deployed during takeoff, and not as a result of impact, it has been suggested that the plane would have yawed suddenly to the right. Aircraft engineer Alberto Garcia dismissed this suggestion, pointing out that the MD-82 has tail-mounted engines positioned close to each other, and close to the plane's longitudinal axis, so that any yaw from asymmetric thrust would be small. Thrust reversers are normally employed just after touch down to reduce braking distances. Evidence which has more recently come to light suggests that the aircraft took to the sky with a known pre-existing problem with one of its thrust reversers, which was the subject of a temporary "work around" to keep the aircraft operational.
Flaps and slats.
"El Mundo", citing a source in the investigation team, reported that the cockpit voice recorder showed that the pilot had said "Flaps OK, Slats OK" to the co-pilot. The article confirmed that the flaps had not been extended and that the alarm for that condition had not sounded. The final report concluded that the failure to deploy flaps was the cause of the accident. The pilots stated they checked the flaps while reviewing the pre-flight checklist, but did not actually test them. The warning signal that the flaps were not set failed to sound for unknown reasons.
The maintenance logbook of the airplane has comments, 2 days before the crash, for an "autoslats failure" visual alarm occurring on slats extension; however autoslats are not used on takeoff, and it can not be inferred that the slats system had a defect.
Flight mode.
In an article published on 7 September, "El Mundo" stated that during the flight preparation and takeoff attempts, the aircraft had some of its systems in flight mode rather than ground mode. If true, this might explain why de-icing of the Total Air Temperature probe activated on the ground, causing overheat, since in flight the heater would activate only when there was no air flow in the probe, a sign of icing. This might also explain why the flaps and slats alarm had not sounded, since this alarm is disabled in flight mode.
James W. Hudspeth, an investigator of a previous near accident (an MD-83, starting from Lanzarote) that was astonishingly similar in its details, pointed out that the fuse of the so-called "left ground control relay" at position K-33 of the control panel might have been the actual culprit of the erroneous flight mode: Hudspeth found out during a 2 week investigation at Lanzarote, that it is customary in normal maintenance routine to temporarily remove this fuse to engage flight mode - however the fuse is afterwards sometimes not put well back in. Because of the frequent handling of this fuse, it is also not easy to visually check for correct functioning of the fuse (as is customary for the pilots to do when they enter the cockpit). Hudspeth speculates that this may both have happened with JK 5022 and Northwest Airlines Flight 255.
Malware.
Spanish daily El Pais reports that malware which had infected the airline's central computer system resulted in a failure to raise an alarm over multiple problems with the plane. An internal report issued by the airline revealed that their central computer system used to monitor technical problems with the aircraft was infected with malware and may have prevented the detection of technical problems with the aircraft. A judge has ordered Spanair to provide all of the computer's logs from the days before and after the crash. 
Final report.
The CIAIAC published its final report into the accident on 26 July 2011.
It determined that the cause of the accident was:
The CIAIAC determined the following contributory factors:
Similar accidents.
CIAIAC's interim report specifically mentioned three other fatal accidents caused by the failure to deploy flaps and slats prior to take-off: Northwest Airlines Flight 255, Delta Air Lines Flight 1141, and Mandala Airlines Flight 091.
In the case of Northwest Airlines Flight 255, also an MD-82, the crew had similarly been disrupted from routine operation before the fatal takeoff, and the alarm similarly had not sounded. In that accident, the reason for the lack of TOWS alarm was a tripped (or pulled) circuit breaker. However, examination of the alarm and its circuit breaker in Spanair 5022 had not revealed any fault.
External links.
Spanair
"El País"
Guardia Civil
NASA
Civil Aviation Accident and Incident Investigation Commission

</doc>
<doc id="18948575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948575" title="2008 Team Speedway Junior Polish Championship">
2008 Team Speedway Junior Polish Championship

The 2008 Team Speedway Junior Polish Championship (, MDMP) is the 2008 version of Team Speedway Junior Polish Championship organized by the Polish Motor Union (PZM). The Final will take place on 4 September 2008 in Alfred Smoczyk Stadium in Leszno. Championship was won by Unia Leszno. They beat defending champions RKM Rybnik and Złomrex Włókniarz Częstochowa.

</doc>
<doc id="18948586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948586" title="Hugh of Chalon (Auxerre)">
Hugh of Chalon (Auxerre)

Hugh of Chalon (c. 975 – 4 November 1039) was a member of the house of Chalon. He was bishop of Auxerre and Count of Chalon.
He was the only son of Lambert of Chalon and was made canon of the Cathedral of Autun. After his father death, he was proclaimed bishop of Auxerre in 999 by request of Henry I, Duke of Burgundy. After the death of the latter, he abandoned Auxerre to defend his family county of Chalon in the war that ensued.

</doc>
<doc id="18948590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948590" title="Botswana at the 1986 Commonwealth Games">
Botswana at the 1986 Commonwealth Games

Botswana competed at the 1986 Commonwealth Games. They sent twenty-two athletes in two sports, including their first woman in athletics. They also won their first medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18948614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948614" title="Inheritance of Hope">
Inheritance of Hope

Inheritance of Hope is a non-profit organization that works with young families facing the loss of a parent. Through counseling and retreat programs, Inheritance of Hope helps spouses and children of terminally ill patients prepare for the eventual loss of that parent. Inheritance of Hope was founded by Kristen and Deric Milligan and rose from their efforts to deal with raising three young children during Kristen's battle with liver cancer.
History.
Following her liver cancer diagnosis in 2003, Kristen Milligan was unable to find resources to help her children through the process, so she wrote her own book, "A Train's Rust, A Toy Maker's Love", aimed at children facing the loss of a parent. As she progressed through her battle, she authored three more books, including "Consider It Pure Joy", aimed at terminally ill parents. Milligan and husband Deric then went on to found Inheritance of Hope to continue to spread the message put forth in her books.
Services.
Inheritance of Hope provides several services:
The organization's products and services provide direct benefits for the children and a proactive, therapeutic focus for the parent. Furthermore, Inheritance of Hope believes that preparing for the death of a parent while they are living will yield significant long-term benefits for children and loved ones, thereby minimizing the potentially catastrophic impact. Inheritance of Hope is a faith-based organization – welcoming families of all faiths and backgrounds while serving under the core-beliefs of the Christian faith.
Team Inheritance of Hope.
Team Inheritance of Hope (Team IOH) is a group of athletes who represent Inheritance of Hope at various events to raise awareness of Inheritance of Hope's activities. Team IOH runners have participated in many events, including the ING NYC Marathon, the Marine Corps Marathon, Volley for the Cure, Big Sur Marathon, and the NYC Half Marathon. In 2013, Team IOH hosted its inaugural "Legacy Run", a 15K/5K/Kids’ Fun Run annual event that featured 375 participants and over 100 volunteers in North Carolina.
Leadership.
Inheritance of Hope is led by a volunteer Board of Directors and administered by paid professional staff.

</doc>
<doc id="18948620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948620" title="Cnaemidophorus rhododactyla">
Cnaemidophorus rhododactyla

Cnaemidophorus rhododactyla is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea. It is found in the Northern Hemisphere, except for Greenland, South-East Asia and most of North Africa.
The wingspan is 18–26 mm.
The larvae feed on various roses, including "Rosa rugosa".

</doc>
<doc id="18948637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948637" title="1917–18 Montreal Wanderers season">
1917–18 Montreal Wanderers season

The 1917–18 Montreal Wanderers season was the 15th and final season of play of the Montreal Wanderers ice hockey club. Along with the Canadiens, Ottawa and Quebec, the club voted to suspend the National Hockey Association (NHA) and form the National Hockey League (NHL) to freeze out the Toronto NHA franchise owner. On the ice club still had difficulties fielding a competitive club, and when the Montreal Arena burned down, owner Sam Lichtenhein elected to suspend the club.
Regular season.
It was the first season of the new National Hockey League. The Wanderers played on opening night December 19, 1917, against Toronto, winning 10–9. It would be Wanderers' only win in the NHL. Adding to the Wanderers' woes were the poor attendance at the game of an estimated 700, despite allowing free admission to military personnel and family. The Wanderer then lost the next three games and owner Lichtenhein threatened to withdraw from the league unless he could get some players. Although they could have acquired Joe Malone in the draft they turned to the PCHA and signed goaltender Hap Holmes. They also obtained permission to sign such players as Frank Foyston, Jack Walker and others if they could do so. The Wanderers loaned Holmes to the Seattle Metropolitans of the PCHA but he eventually found his way back to the NHL when Seattle loaned him to Toronto.
A league meeting was planned to deal with the situation, however on January 2, 1918, events overtook the league when the Montreal Arena burned down, leaving the Canadiens and Wanderers homeless. The Canadiens moved into the 3,250-seat Jubilee Rink. The Hamilton arena offered to provide a home for the Wanderers, but owner Lichtenhein disbanded the team on January 4, after the other clubs decided against giving him any players. The remaining three teams would complete the season. Lichtenhein retained his partnership in the NHA/NHL, voting with the Canadiens and Senators in future meetings as needed.
This ended the story of a club that won the Stanley Cup outright four times, and a Cup challenge in another season. It was also the end of a terrific rivalry with Ottawa HC, especially the period between 1904 and 1911, when the two teams dominated Stanley Cup play. Montreal fans would have only one team until the coming of the Montreal Maroons in 1924, formed by former Wanderers owner James Strachan.
Game log.
† Montreal Arena burned down and Wanderers withdraw. Two Wanderers games count
as wins for Canadiens and Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="18948645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948645" title="List of United States Olympic medalists">
List of United States Olympic medalists

This is a list of the United States sportsmen who won an Olympic medal since 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="18948657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948657" title="John Hammerton (footballer)">
John Hammerton (footballer)

John Daniel Hammerton (22 March 1900 – 15 June 1978) was an English footballer.
Flood played for Oughtibridge, Barnsley, Rotherham County, York City and Mansfield Town.

</doc>
<doc id="18948660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948660" title="Stenoptilia pterodactyla">
Stenoptilia pterodactyla

Stenoptilia pterodactyla is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea. It is found in Europe, North America, Anatolia, Iran and China.
The wingspan is 20–28 mm.
The larvae feed on "Veronica chamaedrys".

</doc>
<doc id="18948669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948669" title="Keith J. Laidler">
Keith J. Laidler

Keith James Laidler (1916–2003), born in England, was notable as a pioneer in chemical kinetics and authority on the physical chemistry of enzymes.
Education.
He received his BA (1937), MA (1955), and DSc (1956) degrees from Trinity College, Oxford University. His MA and DSc were in the area of chemical kinetics under Cyril Norman Hinshelwood. He completed his PhD in 1940 from Princeton University, with a thesis entitled: "The Kinetics of Reactions in Condensed and Heterogeneous Systems," under Henry Eyring. He was a National Research Council of Canada Postdoctoral Fellow (1940–1942).
Career.
After a decade at the Catholic University of America (1946-1955), he spent the remainder of his academic career at the University of Ottawa (1955–1981), where he served as Chairman of the Department of Chemistry and Vice-Dean of the Faculty of Science. He was the author of 13 books and more than 250 articles.
Laidler was a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada, who described him "as one of the twentieth-century pioneers in the remarkable progress made in chemical kinetics leading to the development of transition state theory which provides the modern kinetic theory. Laidler's work includes seminal contributions in several areas of the field: gas phase reactions; kinetic aspects of reactivity of electronically excited molecules and construction of potential energy surfaces for such processes; development of treatments for kinetics and mechanisms for surface reactions and solution reactions, introducing modern concepts of solvation through dielectric polarization effects in the treatment of ionic redox reactions and of reactions producing or consuming ions; gas phase free-radical reactions involving pyrolysis and other thermal decomposition processes; and … the kinetics of enzyme-catalyzed reactions."
Honors.
Laidler’s numerous honors include the University of Ottawa’s Award for Excellence in Research (1971), the Chemical Institute of Canada’s Union Carbide Award for Chemical Education (1974) as well as the Queen’s Jubilee Medal (1977), the Centenary Medal (1977), and the Henry Marshall Tory Medal (1987), all from the Royal Society of Canada, and an honorary degree from Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada (1997). For his work in the history of physical chemistry the American Chemical Society’s Division of the History of Chemistry awarded him its Dexter Award "for outstanding contributions to the history of chemistry" (1996).
Laidler retired in 1981 but continued to lecture as professor emeritus. He died on August 26, 2003. In 2004, the Canadian Society for Chemistry renamed their Noranda Award as the Keith Laidler Award in his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="18948674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948674" title="Hugh I of Chalon-Arlay">
Hugh I of Chalon-Arlay

Hugh I of Chalon-Arlay (1288–1322) was lord of Arlay and of Vitteaux, and belonged to the house of Chalon-Arlay. He was the son of lord John I of Charlon-Arlay and of Marguerite of Burgundy (daughter of duke Hugh IV of Burgundy), and his grandfather John, Count of Chalon was count-regent from the death of count Otto III onwards. On 13 February 1302 Hugh I married Béatrice de la Tour du Pin (1275–1347) (daughter of count Humbert I of Viennois). They had one child, John II of Chalon-Arlay (1312 – 25 February 1362), who succeeded his father to the Chalon-Arlay title.

</doc>
<doc id="18948693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948693" title="Angriffsführer England">
Angriffsführer England

Angriffsführer England (Attack Leader England) was a Luftwaffe combat unit created in April 1943 in Le Coudray. The "Stab" was directly subordinated to the Oberkommando der Luftwaffe. The unit was integrated into the IX. Fliegerkorps in July 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="18948701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948701" title="World Choir Games">
World Choir Games

The World Choir Games (formerly named the Choir Olympics) is the largest choir competition in the world. Organized for amateur choirs from all over the world, regardless of their country of origin, race, genre of music or artistic ambitions, its motto is "Singing together brings nations together". The idea of the World Choir Games originated from the effort to bring people together through singing in peaceful competition, showing that unity of nations through the arts can be effectively and illustratively demonstrated and challenged.
Organized by the Interkultur Foundation, the focus of the World Choir Games is on participation above winning. The Games aim to inspire people to "experience the strength of interaction, challenging personality and community equally by singing together". 
The most recent host for the Games was Cincinnati, Ohio from 4 July until 14 July 2012 and the next host will be Riga, Latvia from 9 July until 19 July 2014.
General.
The World Choir Games are hosted biennially (every even year) in a select city across the globe. Choirs compete in select categories; the 2012 games had 23, such as "Music of Religions". The World Choir Games consist mostly of competition in two categories, award ceremonies, and opening and closing ceremonies held at the beginning and end of the games, respectively. Choirs compete in two classes (Champions and Open) for Gold, Silver, Bronze, or "Successful Participation" awards. Also, choirs may choose to participate in workshops featuring renowned choral instructors and friendship concerts, free public concerts where choirs share music with choristers from different parts of the world. 

</doc>
<doc id="18948737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948737" title="Humbert I of Viennois">
Humbert I of Viennois

Humbert I of Viennois (c. 1240 – 12 April 1307) was baron of la Tour-du-Pin and then also became, by his marriage, dauphin of Viennois. He was the son of Albert IV, baron of la Tour-du-Pin, and of Béatrice de Coligny (herself the daughter of Hugh I, lord of Coligny and of Béatrice d'Albon, dauphine of Viennois).
In 1273 he married Anne of Burgundy (daughter of Guigues VII of Viennois) - their six children were:

</doc>
<doc id="18948739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948739" title="Gabriel Mercedes">
Gabriel Mercedes

Yulis Gabriel Mercedes Reyes (born November 12, 1979 in Monte Plata, Monte Plata) is a Dominican taekwondo practitioner and Olympic medalist. 
He won a silver medal in the – 58 kg class at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, after tying with Guillermo Pérez of Mexico, but losing by a judge's decision.
He carried the flag for his delegation at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. He was favored to win his county's third medal at these games. He competed in the Men's 58 kg (flyweight). He lasted one round and a half. A bad move shattered the meniscus and the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee. He kept fighting with evident pain, before he limped away in tears.

</doc>
<doc id="18948743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948743" title="Fort Berens">
Fort Berens

Fort Berens, also spelled Fort Behrens, was a never-completed establishment of the Hudson's Bay Company on the Fraser River, located immediately across the river from today's town of Lillooet, British Columbia, Canada, in that province's central Fraser Canyon region. The post was designated and materials ordered for its construction in 1859, and was intended to serve as a supply outlet for the gold rush population of the area, which was the northern centre of gold-mining activity on the Fraser during the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush (1858–60). Although a plot of land was allocated, and building supplies were brought into the site, the post was never constructed and by 1861 orders from company headquarters decommissioned the post and the supplies were removed due to an absence of economic viability with the collapse of the rush. A "satellite" of Fort Kamloops, the post was named after Henry Hulse Berens, deputy Hudson's Bay Company governor 1856-58 and governor 1858-63. Immediately adjacent to the site that was to be Fort Berens, just to its north, were the boomtowns of Parsonville (or Parsonsville) and Marysville, which likewise disappeared by the end of the rush, though the Parsonville name remained in use as a tobacco press and farm for the locality for some time. A cable ferry connected the town of Lillooet and the three localities on the east bank of the Fraser. The route to the Cariboo known as the Old Cariboo Road (not to be confused with the Cariboo Road from Yale) started from the east bank and ran via Pavilion and Clinton to Alexandria.

</doc>
<doc id="18948757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948757" title="Emmelina monodactyla">
Emmelina monodactyla

The T-Moth or Morning-glory Plume Moth ("Emmelina monodactyla") is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. It is found in Europe, Japan, central Asia, North Africa and North America.
The wingspan is 18–27 mm. The moths fly nearly year-round.
The larvae mainly feed on Convolvulaceae species, including "Calystegia sepium", "Calystegia spithamaea", "Calystegia sodanella", "Cynara cardunculus", "Convolvulus arvensis", "Convolvulus cantabrica", "Convolvulus floridus", "Convolvulus prostrates", "Convolvulus tricolor", "Ipomoea batatas", "Ipomoea eriocarpa" and "Ipomoea purpurea", and also "Atriplex" (including "Atriplex patula") and "Chenopodium" (including "Chenopodium album") from the Amaranthaceae family and "Datura stramonium" and "Hyoscyamus niger" from the Solanaceae family.

</doc>
<doc id="18948776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948776" title="Barbara Robinson">
Barbara Robinson

Barbara Robinson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18948788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948788" title="Stable curve">
Stable curve

In algebraic geometry, a stable curve is an algebraic curve that is asymptotically stable in the sense of geometric invariant theory. 
This is equivalent to the condition that it is a complete connected curve whose only singularities are ordinary double points and whose automorphism group is finite. 
The condition that the automorphism group is finite can be replaced by the condition that it is not of arithmetic genus one and every non-singular rational component meets the other components in at least 3 points . 
A semi-stable curve is one satisfying similar conditions, except that the automorphism group is allowed to be reductive rather than finite (or equivalently its connected component may be a torus). Alternatively the condition that non-singular rational components meet the other components in at least 3 points is replaced by the condition that they meet in at least 2 points. 
Similarly a curve with a finite number of marked points is called stable if it is complete, connected, has only ordinary double points as singularities, and has finite automorphism group. For example an elliptic curve (a non-singular genus 1 curve with 1 marked point) is stable.
Over the complex numbers, a connected curve is stable if and only if, after removing all singular and marked points, the universal covers of all its components are isomorphic to the unit disk.

</doc>
<doc id="18948789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948789" title="John II of Viennois">
John II of Viennois

Jean II de la Tour du Pin (1280 — 5 March 1319, Pont de Sorgues, near Avignon) succeeded his father Humbert I as dauphin of Viennois from 1306 to 1318. His mother was Anne of Burgundy, dauphine du Viennois.
In 1296 he married Beatrice of Hungary, daughter of Charles Martel of Anjou, titular king of Hungary, and his wife Klementia of Habsburg. They had two children:

</doc>
<doc id="18948793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948793" title="Domenico Mogavero">
Domenico Mogavero

Domenico Mogavero (born March 31, 1947 in Castelbuono) is Bishop of Mazara del Vallo and former member of the Conferencia Episcopale Siciliana.

</doc>
<doc id="18948802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948802" title="Hiram Scofield">
Hiram Scofield

Hiram Scofield (July 1, 1830 – December 30, 1906) was a lawyer and Union Army officer during the American Civil War. He entered the Army as a private in 1861 and mustered out as a brevet brigadier general in 1866.
Early life and career.
Scofield was born in rural Saratoga County, New York. He attended Union College and graduated from Albany Law School in 1856. He established a law practice in Washington, Iowa, in 1858.
Civil War.
Scofield enlisted as a private in the Union Army in April 1861 and was assigned to Company H of the 2nd Iowa Infantry. He was promoted to second and then to first lieutenant, taking command of the company in February 1862 at the time of the Battle of Fort Donelson. He was adjudant to Brig. Gen. Jacob G. Lauman at the Battle of Shiloh where Scofield was wounded in the leg. He returned to duty within a month. He was transferred to the staff of Brig. Gen. John McArthur at the Battle of Vicksburg and the Battle of Memphis.
In spring of 1863, Scofield organized and commanded the 8th Louisiana Regiment Infantry (African Descent) at Lake Providence, Louisiana. The regiment participated in the expedition up the Yazoo River. In the spring of 1864, he was assigned to command the 2nd Brigade of Maj. Gen. Edward Canby's division. The regiment was transferred to Pensacola, Florida, and then participated in the Battle of Fort Blakely and the capture of Mobile, Alabama. Scofield and his men thereafter were stationed in Louisiana and Texas.
He mustered out in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, on May 22, 1866, as a brigadier general.
Postbellum activities.
After the Civil War, Scofield resumed his law practice in Iowa, which he continued until his death in 1906 in Seattle, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="18948804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948804" title="SAT Subject Test in World History">
SAT Subject Test in World History

The SAT Subject Test in World History is the name of a one-hour multiple choice test given on World History by the College Board. A student chooses to take it depending on the college entrance requirements. Until 1994, the SAT Subject Tests were known as Achievement Tests; and from 1995 until January 2005, they were known as SAT IIs. The SAT World History is not taken frequently. Only around 11,000 students take this test, compared to the over-110,000 students who take the United States History Subject Test. Also, unlike the other Subject Tests that are administered monthly, this test is only administered twice a year; once in December, and once in June. This puts pressure on the applicant, because if the student does poorly, it is difficult to retake it.
Format.
This test has exactly 95 questions that are to be answered in one hour. Students will receive one point for a correct answer, will receive zero points for a blank answer, and will lose 1/4 of a point for a wrong answer. There are no sections in this test, and so students will answer 95 multiple choice questions without section breaks or rest periods. 
Chronology of the Test
Geography of the Test
The types of questions they have include specific recall of facts, events, or historical knowledge. Cause and effect questions will be on the test as well. Students are also required to understand major historical developments, such as modernization, imperialization, and explain them the developments through events and other circumstances, and also explain how they happened. Lastly, some questions, include material on how historians perform historical research and analysis. Finally, a very small minority of the questions test historical interpretation of primary source material. These questions tend to be very rare, and a student typically can expect 6-8 at most on this 95 question test.
Preparation.
The College Board recommends a one-year preparatory course in World History, as well as independent reading on material related to historical content. However, the questions are very similar to the AP World History Exam, and it is recommended a student do significant outside study by reading a preparation book or AP Textbook if that student has not taken an AP course in World History.
Resources.
The student is not allowed to use any notes, textbooks, or any communications device during this test. A student is only allowed to use a Number 2 Pencil with an eraser for this exam, and nothing else. The number 2 pencil with the eraser must be brought by the student, as the testing center usually does not provide any.

</doc>
<doc id="18948813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948813" title="Usain">
Usain

Usain or USAIN can refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18948816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948816" title="Platyptilia carduidactyla">
Platyptilia carduidactyla

The Artichoke Plume Moth "(Platyptilia carduidactyla)" is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. It is found in North America, from Mexico north into the United States.
The wingspan is 19–32 mm. Adults are on wing in July in Mexico and from May to September further north.
The larvae feed on "Arctium", "Carduus", "Cirsium", "Cynara" and "Silybum" species. They are a pest of "Cynara scolymus". The females lay their eggs on the bottom side of Artichoke plants. The caterpillars can cause considerable damage.

</doc>
<doc id="18948825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948825" title="Edvīns Bārda">
Edvīns Bārda

Edvīns Bārda (6 April 1900 in Riga - 28 September 1947 in Liverpool) was a Latvian footballer and manager, the elder and most popular of four football playing Bārda brothers.
Biography.
Edvīns Bārda started his career in 1921 when he joined JKS Riga - the strongest Latvian football club at the time, he played with the side in 1921 and 1922, in 1922 he also took up coaching the team. Later in 1922 he played briefly with ASK Riga until he ended up with the newly founded RFK - the leader in Latvian football in the years to follow, plus he actively participated in the formation of the club in its early years. Along with his brother Arvīds he was selected to play in the first ever international match for Latvia on 24 September 1922. Just two minutes in the friendly match against Estonia national football team Edvīns Bārda scored the first ever goal for Latvia national football team. In total between 1922 and 1925 Edvīns Bārda played eight international matches for Latvia scoring five goals, including the Latvia participation at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
The always battling for every inch on the pitch and goal hungry central forward was a fan favourite. With RFK he won two Latvian championships in 1924 and 1925. In 1926 Bārda took up coaching Hakoah Riga and a football club in Jelgava, but in 1927 he played again on the field with Amatieris. In later years for some time he was also the coach of SSS Riga.
In 1933 Edvīns Bārda participated in a match of club veterans against the RFK youth squad to celebrate the 10th anniversary of RFK.
Edvīns Bārda died at the age of 47 in Liverpool.

</doc>
<doc id="18948830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948830" title="Lee Siegel (professor and novelist)">
Lee Siegel (professor and novelist)

Lee A. Siegel (born 1945, Los Angeles, California) is a novelist and professor of religion at the University of Hawaii at Manoa. His 1999 novel, "Love in a Dead Language," was a New York Times Notable Book of the Year and a bestseller in India. It was also nominated for a Pulitzer Prize.
Life and career.
Siegel studied comparative literature at the University of California, Berkeley and fine arts at Columbia University. He received his D.Phil. from the University of Oxford for a dissertation in the field of Sanskrit. He then was hired by the University of Hawaii as Professor of Religious Studies, where he has taught ever since.
In 1988 Siegel was a John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation Fellow. He has received numerous fellowships and grants including five Senior Research Fellowships from the American Institute of Indian Studies and the Smithsonian Institution (1979, 1983, 1987, 1991, 1996), four research grants from the American Council of Learned Societies and the Social Science Research Council (1982, 1985, 1987, 1990) and one from the Center for Asian and Pacific Studies. In addition Professor Siegel has been two Presidential Awards for Excellence in Teaching (1986 and 1996). He has been a scholar-in-residence at the Rockefeller Foundation, and twice at the Bellagio Study Center (1990 and 2003). He also was a Visiting Fellow at All Souls College of Oxford University (1997).
His two sons are Dmitri and film actor Sebastian Sebastian Siegel.
Scholarly works.
From 1978 until the late 1990s, Siegel published scholarly studies of Indian love poetry, comedy, horror, and magic. These books include:
Novels.
In 1999, Siegel published his first novel, "Love in a Dead Language." It was named the New York Times Notable Book of the Year.
His novels are:

</doc>
<doc id="18948834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948834" title="Chesed Shel Emes">
Chesed Shel Emes

Chesed Shel Emes was established in 1930 as a non-profit organization with a mandate to prepare members of the Jewish community for burial according to Orthodox tradition.
Each person is treated with the same consideration and respect. No one is refused service due to financial hardship. Chesed Shel Emes is an independent, community based organization. Men and women are carefully chosen and trained as volunteer members of the Chevra Kadisha (Holy Society). Their purpose is to dutifully and lovingly prepare the dead for burial, an act of true loving kindness.
In Israel the primary Chesed Shel Emes is known as ZAKA, though other organizations exist.
Similar organizations have existed for hundreds of years across the world. Today, other similar organizations exist across the USA (i.e. New York, Boston, LA, St. Paul, Detroit, Baltimore, Washington DC, Seattle, and many others) and in 17 countries.

</doc>
<doc id="18948854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948854" title="Botswana at the 1990 Commonwealth Games">
Botswana at the 1990 Commonwealth Games

Botswana competed at the 1990 Commonwealth Games. They sent twenty-three athletes in two sports, including their first participation in a field event.

</doc>
<doc id="18948857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948857" title="Platyptilia nussi">
Platyptilia nussi

Platyptilia nussi is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea. It is found on Luzon.
The wingspan is ca. 19 mm. Adults are on wing in November.
Etymology.
The species is named after Dr M. Nuss, one of the collectors of the specimen and investigator of microlepidoptera.

</doc>
<doc id="18948864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948864" title="Ian Winters">
Ian Winters

Ian Anderson Winters (8 February 1921 – 3 May 1994) was a Scottish footballer.
Winters played for New Earswick, York City, Boston United, Gateshead, Workington & Kettering Town.

</doc>
<doc id="18948876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948876" title="Juan Jarvis">
Juan Jarvis

Juan Nicolas Jarvis (born December 6, 1950 in Guantanamo, Cuba) is a former Cuban athlete. He is the fourth son of Esther Ocana Nolasco and Teodoro Jarvis.
Competing as a javelin thrower for more than 10 years, he participated in many international competitions as a part of the Cuban national team. At the 1971 Central American and Caribbean Championships in Athletics he won the gold medal. He won silver at both the 1974 Central American and Caribbean Games and the 1975 Pan American Games, and gold once again at the 1977 Central American and Caribbean Championships in Athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="18948877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948877" title="Platyptilia eberti">
Platyptilia eberti

Platyptilia eberti is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea. It is found on Luzon and was recently discovered in Vietnam, although this record might represent a related undescribed species.
The wingspan is ca. 17 mm. Adults are on wing in November.
Etymology.
The species is called after Mr W. Ebert, one of the collectors.

</doc>
<doc id="18948879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948879" title="Henri, Dauphin of Viennois">
Henri, Dauphin of Viennois

Henri Dauphin (or Henri de la Tour du Pin) (1296–1349) was a bishop of Metz. He was the son of Humbert I and his wife Anne of Burgundy. In 1318 he succeeded as regent to the Dauphiné of Viennois, on behalf of his nephew Guigues VIII, and held that role until 1323.
Whilst bishop of Passau and despite never being ordained priest, he was named as the 68th bishop of Metz by pope John XXII on 4 May 1319 after the bishopric had been vacant for 3 years after the death of Reginald of Bar. He held this bishopric simultaneously with canon posts at Rouen, Vienne, Clermont, Romans, Saint Juste de Lyon and Cambrai and the post of archdeacon of Worcester.
In 1323 he engaged the château de Condé to Edward I, comte de Bar in the form of a vouerie, in lieu of the 6000 livres which he oweed him. This debt had been contracted by Edouard's predecessor as comte de Bar, Renaud de Bar. In 1324 he had to return the château de Chatillon to Henry I, lord of Blamont, which Henry I had entrusted to his predecessor. As he was continually extracting money from the Metz diocese, it began to protest and Henri resigned the bishopric on August 25, 1325, took up his former seat, and withdrew to the Dauphiné. Louis of Poitiers succeeded him as bishop.

</doc>
<doc id="18948881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948881" title="E. F. Phillips">
E. F. Phillips

Everett Franklin Phillips (1878-1951) was a renowned American apiculturist, scholar, and innovator in the beekeeping field. 
Phillips’ interest in honey bees began during his graduate studies at the University of Pennsylvania in the early 1900s, after which he took on a position with the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) where he spearheaded efforts to bring the U.S. beekeeping industry to modern scientific standards. Not only did this work help beekeeping practitioners and scholars, it also played a part in the 400% increase in commercial honey production that Phillips oversaw during World War I. 
In 1924, Phillips joined the faculty of Cornell University as professor of apiculture. There, together with long-time friend and major U.S. apiculturist E. R. Root, he worked to establish a world-class beekeeping library. An endowment fund started by the New York State Beekeepers’ Association, supplemented with proceeds from the Dyce Honey Patent—an innovation in the production of creamed honey patented by Elton J. Dyce, also of Cornell—made possible the purchase of new library acquisitions over the years. The E. F. Phillips Beekeeping Collection, housed at the A. R. Mann Library at Cornell University, is today one of the largest beekeeping libraries in the world, containing some of the oldest existing beekeeping treatises, complete collections of writings by famed apiculturists such as L. L. Langstroth and Moses Quinby, and an ever-growing number of new publications. Phillips and his wife Mary Geisler Phillips, continued to work at expanding the beekeeping library at Cornell until his death in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="18948883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948883" title="Thomas Bredahl">
Thomas Bredahl

Thomas Bredahl (born 2 November 1980) is a Danish guitarist. He is not related to the Danish boxer Johnny Bredahl. He is best known as the former lead guitarist of Volbeat and is currently the guitarist of Gob Squad. Bredahl joined Volbeat in early 2007, and the band announced his departure on 28 November 2011. He was the successor of Franz Gottschalk, who was fired by Volbeat after the recording of their second album Rock the Rebel / Metal the Devil was completed. Bredahl uses a Gibson Les Paul guitar, an ESP Eclipse guitar and, from 2011, a Fender Blacktop Telecaster

</doc>
<doc id="18948886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948886" title="How Not to Live Your Life">
How Not to Live Your Life

How Not to Live Your Life was a British sitcom, written by and starring Dan Clark that aired between 27 September 2007 and 22 December 2011, about a neurotic twenty-nine-year-old man who is trying to navigate his way through life but is not helped by his bad instincts. After a successful pilot in 2007, the show debuted in August 2008 to modest viewing figures but grew over the course of the 3 seasons, doubling its ratings each series. It became a cult hit with the third series getting viewing figures of 1.5 million across the week. And it was regularly the second most watched show on the BBC's iPlayer. In 2011 BBC3 controller Danny Cohen left the channel and new controller Zai Bennett cancelled many of the comedies under Cohen's reign including How Not To Live Your Life.
Background.
In 2006, Clark was commissioned to write two short comedies for Paramount Comedy 1 – "Dan Clark's Guide to Dating" and "Dan Clark's Guide to Working", both of which he co-wrote with Gary Reich. Clark was the main character in both shows, and Isabel Fay appeared in "Dan Clark's Guide to Dating", which was shown as ten one-minute clips on the channel, with lists of ten things people shouldn't do on a date, such as "Ten things you shouldn't wear on a date". The clips began to appear on the Internet and the BBC approached him about doing a 30 minute show in the same format. The result was the pilot for "How Not to Live Your Life", using the same style of short clips within a traditional sitcom. The pilot was filmed in a real house in London and first aired on BBC Three on 27 September 2007.
The pilot featured a number of actors who did not appear as regular characters in the series – Sally Bretton, Rich Fulcher, Claire Keelan and Bruce Mackinnon. Although, Isabel Fay who also appeared in the pilot was in the final episode of the first series, "The Break Up", as Fiona. The BBC then commissioned a full series, which was filmed in a studio in Glasgow. Clark wrote each episode and directed four episodes. The first series started broadcasting on BBC Three on 12 August 2008 with the first episode, "Home Sweet Home", which introduces the four main characters of Don, Abby, Karl and Eddie. BBC Three showed the first series on Tuesday evenings at 10:30pm.
The series often features the character of Don giving a narrative and talking to the camera, as well as cut away dream sequences where he gives alternative scenarios such as put downs or physical moves he wished he had thought about at the time. For instance, in episode four of series one, "The Young Ones", these include, "Eight Ways Don Shouldn't Dance", "Alternative ways to deal with annoying teenagers" and "What Don wished he had said to his flatmate, Abby, while she was necking with her annoying and square boyfriend Cockface on the sofa".
Plot.
Series 1.
Don is a neurotic, single twenty-nine-year-old, failing to navigate his way through the very basics of life. His biggest enemy is his overactive mind, which plays out countless scenes of things he shouldn't do or say. When he moves into a house left to him by his recently deceased grandmother, he meets Eddie, her over-enthusiastic carer who doesn't want to leave. Don soon realises there are advantages to letting him stay. To help pay off the huge back payments on the house, Don decides to get a lodger. He ends up choosing Abby, the girl he was in love with as a teenager and whom he still fancies. However, Abby isn't single. She has a boyfriend Karl, whom Don refers to as 'Kockface'.
Series 2.
In Autumn 2009, BBC Three commissioned a second series of "How Not to Live Your Life", which was filmed in the Spring of 2009. It started on 15 September 2009. The plotline is somewhat different from the first series. Abby and Karl did not feature in this series, and Mrs. Treacher (Don's neighbour) has become a main character as well as having more amorous humour towards Don, along with a new character named Samantha. The series featured Julian Barratt as a minor character, Jackson.
Series 3.
On 2 November 2009, BBC Three recommissioned the show for a third series. This was confirmed by Dan Clark on both his Twitter and Facebook page, and on 29 September 2010, Dan Clark posted on his official Twitter page that the third series was scheduled to be aired in the beginning of November.
On 21 October 2010, Brown Eyed Boy Productions issued a press release on their website stating that series three will begin with a double-bill of Episodes 1 and 2 on 8 November 2010 at 22:30 on BBC Three. 
Noel Fielding played a cameo as Marcus, Tom Daley makes a cameo in the first episode, Laura Haddock continues to play Samantha and Rupert Vansittart will be making a cameo appearance playing a "Posh girl's father".
Christmas Special: It's a Don-derful Life.
On 27 May 2011 it was revealed by BBC Three's Controller Zai Bennett that the show would return for a Christmas Special, however he also revealed that this would be the last as the show has been axed. The Christmas Special was aired on BBC Three at 9pm on 22 December 2011.
Several months after Series 3, there have been some changes in Don's life. The art gallery has closed and he is working in a shoe shop while Jason is managing an upmarket supermarket. Still coping with his unexpressed feelings for Samantha, Don receives a letter from his solicitors informing him that he may sell the house if he so wishes. He decides to sell it to a property developer for a large sum of money who plans to demolish it. As Mrs Treacher is becoming increasingly difficult to look after, Don and Eddie decide to put her in a retirement home, a decision that is made unavoidable by Don selling the house. After a lot of mishaps, and Samantha believing that Don and Abby are a couple after Abby returns to the house, Don finally tells Samantha how he feels and the two become an item. Also, Don decides against selling the house and things return to normal. A "5 Things That Happened Next" segment reveals the futures of the main characters. Don and Samantha married on New Year's Day 2012 and eventually had nine children, all of them male. Eddie fled the country after the Police discovered he was a serial killer who grooms men for three years before killing them with kitchen utensils. Mrs Treacher became a popular session drummer under the name "D-Tree". And Don published his memoirs entitled "How Not To Live Your Life". They were later made into a BBC1 sitcom starring James Corden.
Cancellation.
Dan Clark has been heard saying to fans after his recent live shows that they are unsure as to whether there will be a fourth series.
On 27 May 2011 it was revealed by BBC Three's Controller Zai Bennett, that the show had been cancelled along with fellow BBC Three Comedies Coming of Age and Lunch Monkeys. He explained that "They were good to the channel, but have had their time,". However he also revealed that a Christmas Special of How Not to Live Your Life was being planned, and that it will be the final episode.
Reception.
The first series received mixed reviews. The British Comedy Guide said of the show, "The 2007 pilot of this sitcom was average at best, lacking both focus and reason. We really enjoyed the full series though - the stronger premise (Don living in his deceased gran's house and plotting to dispense of Karl and win-over attractive Abby) and the new character of Eddie (David Armand in his best role yet) made all the difference."
However, Deborah Orr in The Independent newspaper said in a review of the first episode, "It's a dead cert that "How Not to Live Your Life" will attract no prizes at all. A great deal of humour can be squeezed from observing the lives of stupid men. But Don Danbury is no David Brent and this new sitcom offers nothing except sound evidence that the BBC has now got more airtime than it can fill. This show is an insult to the intelligence of stupid men everywhere."
Harry Venning in The Stage said, "Pity poor Sinéad Moynihan. Okay, don't pity her too much, because she's drop dead gorgeous and clearly in demand as an actor. But it must have been galling to get the second lead in sitcom How Not to Live Your Life, only to discover that the full extent of your contribution would be to look pretty and provide a sensible foil to the show's writer/star Dan Clark. Would it have killed Clark to throw the show's only female character the occasional funny line to deliver? This grump notwithstanding, I rather like How Not to Live Your Life. Clark's unorthodox delivery, combined with Don's almost wilful unloveability, takes some getting used to, but this is consistently amusing, frequently hilarious and totally addictive."

</doc>
<doc id="18948897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948897" title="Joseph Renzulli">
Joseph Renzulli

Joseph Renzulli (born July 7, 1936) is an American educational psychologist. He developed the three-ring model of giftedness, which promoted a broadened conception of giftedness. He also developed the "Schoolwide Enrichment Model" for developing children's talents in schools. Renzulli is known for his contributions to understanding giftedness.
Joseph S. Renzulli is Professor of Educational Psychology at the University of Connecticut, where he also serves as director of the National Research Center on the Gifted and Talented. His research has focused on the identification and development of creativity and giftedness in young people and on organizational models and curricular strategies for total school improvement. A focus of his work has been on applying the strategies of gifted education to the improvement of learning for all students. He is a Fellow in the American Psychological Association and was a consultant to the White House Task Force on Education of the Gifted and Talented. He was recently designated a Board of Trustees Distinguished Professor at the University of Con­necticut. Although he has obtained more than $20 million in research grants, he lists as his proudest professional accomplishments the UConn Mentor Connection program for gifted young students and the summer Confratute program at UConn, which began in 1978 and has served thousands of teachers and administrators from around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18948912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948912" title="Francis Tsai">
Francis Tsai

Francis Tsai is an American comic book artist, illustrator, author and conceptual artist. He is of Taiwanese and Japanese ancestry.
Early life.
Tsai was born in Honolulu, Hawaii and raised in Lubbock, Texas. He was initially trained in chemistry, before receiving a graduate degree in architecture.
Career.
In 1998, Francis Tsai joined Presto Studios as Conceptual Designer where he provided visual development and game design for the video games Myst 3 and . In 2003, Tsai joined High Moon Studios where he was principal concept artist for the video games The Bourne Conspiracy and Darkwatch.
Tsai has illustrated cards for the "" collectible card game.
Tsai is currently working on a five-issue graphic novel miniseries called Tracker for Top Cow Productions. Tsai also contributes covers and interior art for Marvel Comics.
Tsai provided interior artwork for Secret Identities: The Asian American Superhero Anthology as well as covers and interior artwork for the serialized graphic novel Mercy Thompson: Homecoming, which reached number eight on the Comics Bestsellers list in October 2009. In a generally favorable review of the novel, Martha Cornog wrote, "Francis Tsai's and Amelia Woo's painted art, especially their beautiful wolf depictions, make this all visually believable." Tsai also created interiors for trade paperback Impaler.
Tsai has also provided interior artwork for a number of "Dungeons & Dragons" manuals for Wizards of the Coast, including "", "Monster Manual III", "d20 Future", "Races of Eberron", "Lost Empires of Faerûn", "Explorer's Handbook", "Tome of Magic: Pact, Shadow, and Truename Magic", "Power of Faerûn", and "d20 Future Tech". Tsai created the artwork for the "Dungeons & Dragons" 4th edition "Dungeon Masters Screen".
Tsai has also provide visual development in the TV and film industries contributing concept artwork for Motion Theory's Gatorade "Inside Crosby" and Lenovo Thinkpad "Rollcage" commercials as well as the movies Sucker Punch and TMNT - Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
He is also a regular contributor to " ImagineFX magazine", where he has created a series of workshops including topics such as using 3-D in 2-D, effective character design and game concept art.
Francis Tsai wrote and illustrated the book "Fantasy Art Academy: 100 Ways to Paint the Coolest Fantasy Figures" for F&W Publications and recently released another book "Extreme Worlds" in November 2009. Tsai worked on "Tracker," a miniseries from Top Cow Productions and Heroes and Villains Entertainment about an FBI agent who has contracted a virus that turns him into a werewolf. Tsai has won numerous professional awards for his work.
Health.
In 2010, at the age of 42, Tsai was diagnosed with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig's Disease. The disease took his ability to move his arms and hands; he hasn't held a pencil since early 2011. He discovered he could digitally paint on his iPhone with his right big toe while holding the iPhone with his left foot. Once he lost ability to move his feet, Tsai began using the PC Eye from Tobii in conjunction with a Kiosk Tablet to communicate. By early 2012, Tsai began creating art again using the eye-gaze technology with drawing programs Sketchup and Photoshop. His eye-gaze art has been featured in the media including CNN and computer art magazine ImagineFX (August 2013).
Tsai continues to create art using eye-gaze technology from Tobii and uses proceeds from art sales to cover care costs.
Personal life.
He currently lives in Austin, Texas with his wife Linda. The two met as architecture students at the University of Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="18948931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948931" title="Penn-Trafford High School">
Penn-Trafford High School

Penn-Trafford High School is located in Harrison City, Pennsylvania in Westmoreland County, and is the secondary school serving the Penn-Trafford School District. It is the result of several mergers of smaller school districts and entities. It is the successor of Penn Joint High School and Trafford High School. The school colors are green and gold. The different government entities that are incorporated into this school district are, in size order, Penn Township, Trafford Borough, Manor Borough (part), and Penn Borough. The school district is mainly in Westmoreland County, PA with a small part of Trafford Borough in Allegheny County, PA.
The school opened in the fall of 1972 and graduated its first class in June, 1973, with Reynold Peduzzi its first principal and William G. Kuznik serving as Penn-Trafford Superintendent at that time.
Graduation Rate<br>
2012 - 85.3%<br>
2011 - 95.4%<br>
2010 - 97.3%<br>
2009 - 97%<br>
2008 - 97%<br>
2007 - 97%<br>
2006 - 97%
High school.
Penn-Trafford High School was ranked 18th out of 123 western Pennsylvania high schools for student academic achievement by the Pittsburgh Business Times.
PSSA Results:<br>
11th Grade Reading<br>
2009 - 78% on grade level, In Pennsylvania, 65% of 11th graders on grade level.<br>
2008 - 79%, State - 65%<br>
2007 - 81%, State - 65%
11th Grade Math<br>
2009 - 68%, In Pennsylvania, 56% of 11th graders are on grade level.<br>
2008 - 70%, State - 56%<br>
2007 - 69%, State - 53%
11th Grade Science:<br>
2009 - 48% on grade level. State: 40% of 11th graders were on grade level.<br>
2008 - 50%, State - 39%
College remediation.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 20% of Penn-Trafford School District graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Classroom of the Future.
The Penn-Trafford School District recently accepted grants to fund "The Classroom of the Future." Each classroom is equipped with a Smart Board 600i and a projector mounted. Some teachers have portable Smart boards allowing mobility around the classroom. Selected core classes will be given a cart of laptops that teachers have to incorporate into their lessons.
Dual enrollment.
The high school offers a Dual Enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards both: high school graduation requirements and towards a college degree. The students continue to have full access to all clubs, activities and programs, at their high school including the graduation ceremony. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions.
For the 2009-10 funding year, the school district received a state grant of $13,378 for the program.
Graduation project.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district.
Vocational-Technical Services.
Penn-Trafford High School uses the services of Central Westmoreland Career and Technology Center in New Stanton for the students there who wish to choose a vocational or technical program.
Extracurriculars.
The Penn-Trafford School District offers a large variety of clubs, activities and sports. Eligibility for participation is set by school board policy.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Athletics.
Penn-Trafford participates in the Western Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic League (WPIAL). The colors are Dartmouth Green and Green Bay Gold. The nicknames of the school's teams are the Warriors or Lady Warriors, depending on gender. In keeping with the Native American theme of the two high schools that merged to form Penn-Trafford, Warriors was chosen. The nickname of Penn Joint High School (a predecessor to Penn-Trafford) was the Indians. The nickname of Trafford High School (a predecessor to Penn-Trafford) was the Tomahawks. In 1971-1972, prior to the merger of the two high schools, a panel of eight students, four from each high school met to develop the new school nickname and color-schemes. The student body of each school were given the task of voting on the new school colors from three color-scheme options chosen by the student panel, Kelly Green and Green Bay Gold being one of them. The color-scheme options were selected by the panel to differentiate Penn-Trafford from the other Keystone Conference member schools. The top vote getter was Green and Gold. Dartmouth Green eventually replaced Kelly Green.
Marching Band
When Penn High School and Trafford High School merged to form Penn-Trafford, the Marching Band used both the Penn and Trafford uniforms. The band was under the direction of Emery Toth. The band soon became one of the most respected bands in the county. Toth directed the band from 1972-1986. The marching band would be known as "The Big Green Machine" during these years. The Big Green Machine became a well known marching band and became particularly famous for their green uniforms. When Toth decided to leave the high school, his replacement was former Assistant Director, Tom Monteleone. The band then became the Warrior Marching Band. Over the next few years, the band would become more involved in competitions where Toth had left off. Monteleone retired after the 2009 marching season and was replaced by David Cornelius, who previously directed the Elizabeth Forward Marching Band. On Monday, December 7, P-T school directors named Cornelius the new PTHS Band Director. In 2011, P-T hosted a band show dedicated to the founding director, Emery Toth. 
The band has placed third in the "Quad-A" (AAAA) class of PIMBA (Pennsylvania Interscholastic Marching Band Association) championships for several years running. In 2012, championships were held at Penn-Trafford.
Drama Guild.
One of Penn-Trafford's most notable features is its High School Drama Department. They have put on musicals that have consistently achieved high acclaim at the "Night of the Stars" event that features musicals from high schools all around the area.
In 2008, Penn-Trafford High School's production of the Cole Porter musical "Anything Goes" won national honors in the USA Weekend Magazine's "High School Musical Showstopper" contest as one of four runners-up. Along with that, their set won 3rd place in "ScenoGraphics Set Design and Building Competition".
The high school's drama department has recently been recognized as one of the runner-ups in the USA Weekend Showstopper contest. 600 other high school productions from around the country were considered for the award and their production, "Anything Goes", was selected as one of the four runner-ups.
The First Penn-Trafford Musical was Camelot in 1974.
Notable Sponsors & Alumni.
Following his retirement and until his death, Alistair Cooke was a frequent and generous donor to the high school. His support was based on a long friendship with a former Social Studies teacher at the school (Ray Edelman). Cooke referred to the school's education as "effective, efficient, and quality" which was later adopted as the district's motto. Plans are currently being discussed by the school board to rename the school's library in his honor [http://penntrafford.org/minutes_6_8.pdf]
-John Lease: Famous slacker
-Mark Long: Famous softball pitcher.<br>
-Tony Zimmerman: WPIAL & Duquesne University standout quarterback.<br>
-Matt Gavrish: The all-time leading rusher in WPIAL AAAA football with 6,512 yards.<br>
-John Garrighan: Former lead singer and member of the band The Berlin Project.
Alma mater.
"Michael J. O'Halloran, 1972"

</doc>
<doc id="18948935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948935" title="Botswana at the 1998 Commonwealth Games">
Botswana at the 1998 Commonwealth Games

Botswana competed at the 1998 Commonwealth Games, sending twenty-four athletes in five sports, including their first participation in squash.
Results by event.
Boxing.
Men's Flyweight (– 51 kg)
Men's Featherweight (– 57 kg)
Men's Lightweight (– 60 kg)
Men's Welterweight (– 67 kg)

</doc>
<doc id="18948937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948937" title="Agdistis linnaei">
Agdistis linnaei

Agdistis linnaei is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea. It is found in Tanzania and Kenia.
The wingspan is 14–19 mm. The moth flies in April and from November to January.

</doc>
<doc id="18948939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948939" title="Simon Blumenfeld">
Simon Blumenfeld

Simon Blumenfeld (25 November 1907 – 13 April 2005) was a Jewish columnist, author, playwright, theatre critic, editor and communist.
Although he described himself as Jewish, he was born to a family of Sicilian refugees, who eventually settled in Whitechapel, in the East End of London. During World War II he served in the Royal Army Ordnance Corps, before becoming a scriptwriter for "Stars in Battledess".
At the end of the war he founded the entertainment magazine "Band Wagon", with Norman Kark. He adopted a number of pseudonyms, including Sidney Vauncez (the Yiddish word for moustache), CV Curtis, and Peter Simon for his writing. He founded the "Weekly Sporting Review", which collapsed when sued for libel by the managers of Tommy Steele; and then "Record Mirror" with Benny Green.
Simon Blumenfeld died at Barnet General Hospital at the age of 97, on 13 April 2005. Blumenfeld continued writing up until his death, and appeared in the "Guinness Book of Records", as the 'World's Oldest Columnist'. He was cremated at Golders Green Crematorium, where a memorial plaque remains in the 'communist corner'.

</doc>
<doc id="18948956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948956" title="Weltklang">
Weltklang

Weltklang is a German electronic music project that was formed in 1980.
Current members are Thomas Voburka and René Steuns.
Background.
Weltklang was formed in the East-German town of Schwerin, German Democratic Republic in 1980. 
The mastermind behind Weltklang is Thomas Voburka, who also founded the Berlin based electronic music label Exil-System in 1979. 
Weltklang is particularly noted for the innovatively sparse and yet classic Minimal wave track “VEB Heimat”, which was originally released in 1980.
"VEB Heimat".
Weltklang's first release, the 7” single “VEB Heimat/Hoffnung / Sehnsucht ??” was brought out in 1980.
Inspired by the fast rise of Neue Deutsche Welle and by the Punk subculture's DIY attitude Voburka's main principle was to remove all dispensable ornamentation and polish from his music, and to use the simplest and most minimalist structures. On "VEB Heimat" for instance he made sole use of a simple Roland SH09 Synthesizer line - a very stripped down monophonic analogue synthesizer from Roland Corporation's classic SH-series. 
The song itself was based upon a very minimalist, radically filtered bass sequence and a yet destructive, (un)musical arrangement. In addition to this sparse backing, the track featured a furious and repetitive vocal line by Voburka, reiteratively quoting an excerpt from the national anthem of Austria, Land der Berge, Land am Strome.
Whereas the first half of the song title “VEB Heimat” refers to the socialist-tinted expression "Volkseigener Betrieb" (a state owned workplace or establishment in the German Democratic Republic) the second word “Heimat” is a thoroughly and hard to translate German term, comparable to "homeland" in English.
Response.
Not hugely successful at first, the unique and futuristic sounding “VEB Heimat” managed to equal an international cult status over the following years, particularly within the Minimal wave and Minimal Electro music scene.
Today Voburka's Weltklang project is seen as one of the true classics in electronic music and for many DJs and Musicians “VEB Heimat” has grown to an all time favourite.
Weltklang has since then often been referred to by artists such as DJ Hell or Optimo (Espacio). In 2003 for example - 23 years after its original release date - "VEB Heimat" made it into the top 3 of DJs Hell's charts of the year. 
Ever since its original release in 1980 “Veb Heimat” has been re-released on numerous occasions, primarily for compilation albums. Apart from its integration in compilation albums such as 80's Minimal Electronics (Volume 1), Return Of Flexi-Pop 3 (Tribute To Flexi-Pop 13) and The Call Of The Banshees, in 2003 Veb Heimat was also used as opening track for DJ Hell's hugely successful New Deutsch compilation which was released on International DeeJay Gigolo Records.
2004 - Present.
On the occasion of Weltklang's 25th anniversary, in 2004 Voburka decided to reform the project, together with London based programmer, producer and engineer René Steuns.
Since then Weltklang have produced various remixes for artists such as Aeronautica, Alter Ego, Asmodeus X, Fall Of Saigon, Kinder Aus Asbest, Mono 45UPM, P1/e, Plastic Japanese Toys, Soldout and Sonnenbrandt as well as the somewhat obscure "Liebesgrüsse aus Ost-Berlin" compilation album. Not only for their original Material but also for their remixes Weltklang remain true to their minimalist and deconstructive DIY approach.
On Stage.
Furthermore from 2005 on Weltklang have played various, sporadic live shows throughout Europe, with critically acclaimed gigs in Belgium, Germany, Sweden and most recently Ukraine.
Discography.
Releases:
Remixes:
Tracks Appear On:
Unofficial Releases:

</doc>
<doc id="18948959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948959" title="1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Women's 50 metre freestyle">
1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Women's 50 metre freestyle

These are the official results of the Women's 50 metres Freestyle event at the 1993 FINA Short Course World Championships held on 3 December 1993 in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18948966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948966" title="Ice Skating (album)">
Ice Skating (album)

Ice Skating is the debut album from Ultrafox, released in 2004 on the Loser Friendly Records label. It was made in two weeks in Munich and London.
The track "Cloakroom Girl" was released as a double-pack-7" single before the album came out. It was packaged with "I Get Lifted", "Music Is People Are" and "Horses".

</doc>
<doc id="18948971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948971" title="Maghull North railway station">
Maghull North railway station

Maghull North was a proposed new railway station at the north end of Maghull, Merseyside, England was planned to be constructed as a modular station. It would have primarily served as the main station for Moss Side, Ashworth Hospital and a planned new prison.
It was announced in December 2010 that the planned prison and the proposed new railway station had been axed by Government spending cutbacks.

</doc>
<doc id="18948972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948972" title="Agdistis bouyeri">
Agdistis bouyeri

Agdistis bouyeri is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea. It is found in Angola.
The wingspan is 15–17 mm. The moth flies from January to February.

</doc>
<doc id="18948974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948974" title="Grand Avignon">
Grand Avignon

Grand Avignon (full name "Communauté d'agglomération du Grand Avignon") is the name for the metropolitan area around Avignon. It is an agglomeration community. The 12 communes that make the Grand Avignon are:

</doc>
<doc id="18948977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948977" title="Harry Wayland Randall">
Harry Wayland Randall

Harry W. Randall, Jr. (December 20, 1915 – November 11, 2012) served in the Abraham Lincoln Brigade and was the Chief Photographer of the Photographic Unit of the 15th International Brigade.
Early life.
Randall was born in December 1915 in Spokane, Washington and raised in Portland, Oregon. He was the oldest of three children born to Harry W. Randall, Sr., an insurance adjuster, and Frances E. Randall, a schoolteacher. As a young man he developed an interest in motion pictures and, after graduating from Grant High School in 1934, enrolled in Reed College in Portland. While there he was drawn into a world of political action, joining with other progressive students on campus to support labor causes and to protest the rise of fascism in Europe. He collected food for striking maritime workers in 1934 and distributed leaflets at a lumber-workers strike in 1935. He left Reed after a year, found work as a projectionist for an advertising agency and, with a friend, began distributing foreign films in Washington State and Oregon.
Civil War.
When the Civil War erupted in Spain, Randall enlisted in the International Brigades—battalions of foreign volunteers that supported the Republican Army—to fight against Franco's fascist forces. Randall sailed from New York on the S.S. Georgic on June 12, 1937, arriving in Spain on July 1, 1937. Following training with the MacKenzie-Papineau Battalion in Tarazona he was promoted to the rank of Sergeant and became the Chief Photographer of the Photographic Unit of the 15th International Brigade. He served in Spain until the withdrawal of the volunteer forces and returned to the United States on the S.S. Ausonia on December 20, 1938.
Randall relocated to Canada and found work with the National Film Board of Canada as the head of the Science Film unit. In 1944 he enlisted in the Canadian Army and served in England during the war making newsreels with the Film and Photo Unit. After the war, Randall resumed work with the National Film Board. He returned to New York City in 1952 and for the next 30 years produced, edited, and directed medical films. Randall married Doreen Cavalier, a registered nurse, in 1956 and the couple had two children and settled in Northern New Jersey. In 1983 Randall retired from the American Cancer Society after 18 years as the director of the organization's film unit.
15th International Brigade Photographic Unit.
The Photographic Unit of the 15th International Brigade was charged with creating a photographic record of the 15th Brigade for publication in the Brigade's newsletter "Volunteer for Liberty", and for distribution to news outlets in the United States, England, and Canada. The photos were intended to boost the morale of the volunteers in Spain and foster sympathy and support for the Republican Army abroad. In addition to Randall, the unit was staffed by photographers Benjamin Katine and Anthony B. Drossel, as well as lab technician William H. Oderaka. The team was given full access to move about the camps, chronicling the troops at rest, and venturing to the front to capture scenes of the battalions in the trenches and under fire.
As part of their routine, each photographer logged and processed the film he shot. Every photograph was assigned a unique number, which was etched into the negative, and given a caption, which was recorded in one of five logs. Photographs were placed in albums, and copies were distributed to the press. Extra prints were sold to the troops for a nominal fee. Although initially successful in procuring the necessary photographic equipment to carry out their work, as the war progressed lack of film and printing paper hampered the unit's operation. Film development under battle conditions also proved challenging. Like the rest of the Brigade the development lab was a mobile unit, and was required to retreat or advance on short notice. On more than one occasion film and equipment were sacrificed or lost.
Following the war, Randall returned to the United States and brought with him the Brigade's photographic archives - negatives, albums of prints, and logs. In January 1939 Randall spent several weeks in the New York Film and Photo League darkroom developing a complete set of fresh prints and making enlargements of all of the photographs taken by the unit in Spain. At the request of the British veterans, Randall also made 8x10 inch prints of images of the British Battalion and sent them along with copy negatives to the veterans' organization in England. In the intervening years the prints, negatives, and logs passed through many hands (most often fellow veterans). In the course of changing stewardship, many prints were dispersed, the original logs separated, and the albums disassembled. This collection represents the most complete record of the Photographic Unit's work in Spain.
Randall currently resides in Snowflake, Arizona with his daughter, son in law and granddaughter.
The Spanish province of Aragon (August 2008 through March 2009) presented an exhibition of the work of the Photographic Unit consecutively in Zaragoza, Teruel and Huesca. The Goberno De Aragon ( Departmento de Education, Cultura y Deporte) also published an accompanying book called "La Brigada Lincoln en Aragon - 1937 - 1938".

</doc>
<doc id="18948999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18948999" title="Raymond Harries">
Raymond Harries

Squadron Leader Raymond Hiley Harries DSO & Bar DFC & Bar was a British flying ace of the Second World War. Harries scored 15 victories against enemy aircraft, as well as three shared kills, two probable kills and five damaged during the war. Harries is also credited with the destruction of a V-1 flying bomb.
War service.
Born in South Wales in 1916, Harries was a dental student at Guy's Hospital when war broke out. Joining the RAFVR in September 1939, after training Harries was posted to No. 43 Squadron at Drem in Scotland. He was then posted on 8 July 1941 to 52 OTU at Debden as an instructor. In February 1942 he joined No. 131 Squadron RAF, based at Llanbedr as a flight commander, and claimed his first kill, a Junkers Ju 88, soon after. He served with the unit until December 1942, when he became CO of 91 Squadron, and in April 1943 received the new Mark XII Spitfire and were based at Hawkinge. 
Harries was ultimately the most successful pilot to fly the Rolls-Royce Griffon powered Supermarine Spitfire, scoring 11 kills in the type, including a brace of Focke-Wulf Fw 190s on 25 May 1943. Flying a Spitfire XII, Harries intercepted the Fw 190s from SKG 10:
I was leading Blue Section on a defensive patrol. I had just returned to base, with my No 2, had just landed when the scramble signal was given from the watch office. We both immediately took off again, and saw enemy aircraft approaching Folkestone. I sighted one lone Fw 190 at sea level returning to France. I came in from his starboard side, delivering a three-second burst at 250 yards. The enemy aircraft hit the sea tail first, split in two, and sank immediately. The Fw 190 was thought to be Fw 190A-5 Wrk Nr 2511 of 6./SKG 10, flown by "Oberleutnant" Josef Keller.
I then spotted another Fw 190 to starboard. I flew straight over the top of it in order to identify it in the failing light. The enemy aircraft pulled his nose up and gave me a quick squirt. I pulled straight up to about 1000ft, and turning to port, dived right onto his tail, opening fire from 300 yards and closing to 150 yards. I fired a four-second burst, seeing strikes and flames all over the enemy aircraft. The enemy aircraft gradually lost height, with smoke and flames coming from it, skimmed for some distance along the surface of the water and then sank. I orbited around taking cine gun snaps of the oil patch and pieces of wreckage that were visible.
In June the squadron moved to Westhampnett to form a Mk XII fighter wing with No. 41 Squadron. 
On 18 July 1943 Harries shot down three Bf 109's while flying MB831. In doing so he became the first pilot to reach five kills in the Griffon-engined Spitfire. 
Harries became Wing Leader in August 1943, and by November, had been awarded a total of 3 DFC's and a DSO. 
In early 1944 Harries was went to the United States, to lecture on fighter tactics, only to return and become Wing Leader of 135 Wing, 2nd TAF, in the spring of 1944.
On 22 September 1943 Harries claimed one Fw 190 shot down and another as a probable. The Westhampnett Wing were the highest scoring Wing in Fighter Command for the month of September, claiming 27 kills.
On 20 October 1943 Harries shot down a pair of Messerschmitt Bf 109Gs near Rouen, his last kills in the type.
In January 1945 he underwent a conversion course on the Hawker Tempest, prior to the wing being re-equipped, but was posted then to 84 Group as Wing Commander/Training. 
After the war he was awarded a bar to the DSO, and served as CO, No. 92 Squadron in 1949. 
On 14 May 1950 he died while flying a 92 Squadron Gloster Meteor F4 when it ran out of fuel and crashed near Sheffield, Yorkshire. His funeral was held at RAF Linton-on-Ouse on 18 May 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="18949000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949000" title="Buckleria negotiosus">
Buckleria negotiosus

Buckleria negotiosus is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea that is found in South Africa.
The wingspan is ca. . The moth flies in February. The larvae feed on "Drosera".

</doc>
<doc id="18949010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949010" title="Twin Cities Hiawatha">
Twin Cities Hiawatha

The Twin Cities Hiawatha, often just Hiawatha, was a named passenger train operated by the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (also known as the Milwaukee Road), and traveled from Chicago to the Twin Cities. The original train takes its name from the epic poem "The Song of Hiawatha" by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. There are a number of Hiawatha-themed names within the city of Minneapolis, the terminus of the original train. The first "Hiawatha" ran in 1935; in 1939 the Milwaukee Road introduced a second daily trip between Chicago and Minneapolis. The two trains were known as the Morning Hiawatha and Afternoon Hiawatha, or sometimes the "AM Twin Cities Hiawatha" and "PM Twin Cities Hiawatha". The Milwaukee Road discontinued the "Afternoon Hiawatha" in 1970 while the "Morning Hiawatha" continued running until the formation of Amtrak in 1971.
History.
In the 1930s three railroads competed for passengers on the Chicago–Minneapolis/St. Paul corridor: the Milwaukee Road, the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad (the Burlington), and the Chicago and North Western Railway (C&NW). Each managed the roughly trip between the two cities in 10 hours, at an average speed of . In 1934 each of the railroads committed to introducing new services which would reduce the travel time to 6 1/2 hours. The Burlington introduced the "Twin Cities Zephyr", a diesel-powered streamlined trainset, while the C&NW's "Twin Cities 400" used refurbished steam locomotives and conventional passenger equipment. The Milwaukee Road ordered new steam locomotives from American Locomotive Company and constructed new passenger cars in its own shops. All three trains would enter service in 1935.
The first "Hiawatha" ran between Chicago and the Twin Cities on May 29, 1935, on a daily 7 hour schedule for . The four new class A locomotives had streamlining by Otto Kuhler, were oil-fired to reduce servicing time "en route", and were some of the fastest steam engines ever built, capable of powering their five-car train at more than . Patronage was good and the consist grew from five cars to as many as nine.
In October 1936 the Milwaukee Road re-equipped the Twin Cities Hiawathas with a new ‘1937’ Hiawatha based roughly on the 1935 design. It had a baggage-‘Tip Top Tap’ car, coaches, a dining car, two parlor cars, and a new Beaver Tail parlor-observation car.
In September 1938 the train was re-equipped again with the rib-sided ‘1939’ Hiawatha with its famous finned Beaver Tail observation car, designed by noted industrial designer Otto Kuhler. With train length increasing to nine cars, the class A locomotives could no longer keep to the schedule and were replaced with the new class F7 4-6-4 “Hudsons”. 
Two Hiawathas.
From January 21, 1939, the Twin Cites Hiawatha was replaced by two trains — the "Morning Hiawatha" (trains 5 and 6), and the "Afternoon Hiawatha" (trains 100 and 101). With the delivery of the 1938 trainsets, the original 1935 "Hiawatha" equipment was reassigned to the Chicago to Omaha/Sioux City route where it ran as the "Midwest Hiawatha". Another train, The "North Woods Hiawatha", ran with older cars from earlier series also.
In June 1941 the two afternoon trains were scheduled 6 hr 45 min between Chicago and Minneapolis; the eastward morning train took 6 hr 50 min but the westward made more stops and was scheduled for 8 hours.
Two sets of passenger diesel locomotives appeared in 1941: a back to back pair of Alco/GE DL-107 locomotives, the #14, and a back to back pair of EMD E-6, the #15. The Twin Cities Hiawatha was partially equipped in May 1942 with coaches, two diners, and two ‘Tip Top Tap’ cars which ran with the 1939 Beaver Tails and parlors. Older series of cars were modified with skirting to run with the newer consists. During the following War years, the trains were loaded out to 15 car consists, and one of the 1942 cars painted in patriotic red, white & blue proclaiming “Buy War Bonds.” The train was so full, that people had to sit on suitcases, or stand in aisles. 
In 1947–1948 the Milwaukee Road again re-equipped its major passenger routes with new lightweight cars. The new "Morning Hiawatha" and "Afternoon Hiawatha" were inaugurated with diesel-powered trains designed by Brooks Stevens. The new trains included the Skytop parlor observation cars. These four cars had a drawing room and swivelling parlor seats, and at the rear there was a lounge area with an expanse of windows. Skytop car #186 "Cedar Rapids" has been restored and is owned by a Minneapolis-based organization that operates the Milwaukee Road 261 steam locomotive. The trains made their debut on May 29, 1948, the thirteenth anniversary of the first "Hiawatha".
In 1952 the Milwaukee Road took delivery of ten "Super Dome" cars. Six were assigned to the "Olympian Hiawatha" and two each to the "Morning" and "Afternoon Hiawathas". Both trains had coaches, a Super Dome lounge car, dining car (sometimes a Tip Top Tap car), "Valley"-series parlor cars, and the distinctive "Skytop lounge" observation car. Starting in 1955, with the Milwaukee Road handling the Union Pacific "Cities" trains between Chicago and Omaha, passenger equipment was painted in the Union Pacific armour yellow and harbor-mist grey with red Scotchlite striping. The rest of the fleet was painted this way, except for the heavyweight commuter cars in Chicago.
The "Afternoon Hiawatha" ended on January 23, 1970. The "Morning Hiawatha" continued until the formation of Amtrak, making its last run on April 30, 1971. Amtrak retained a single Chicago-Minneapolis frequency with the Burlington Northern's "Empire Builder", although it did re-route the "Builder" over the Milwaukee Road's route.
Amtrak.
Amtrak brought back the name "Twin Cities Hiawatha" as a Chicago-Minneapolis service on January 16, 1972. On June 12 that year Amtrak combined this service with the "North Coast Hiawatha"; three days a week the train continued to Seattle, otherwise it terminated at Minneapolis. In 1977 Amtrak again established a "Twin Cities Hiawatha" as a daily Chicago-Minneapolis train, but ended this service in 1978 with the introduction of the "North Star", a Chicago-Minneapolis-Duluth sleeper. Today, the "Hiawatha" name still lives on with Chicago-Milwaukee Amtrak "Hiawatha Service". In addition, Amtrak's "Empire Builder" traverses the original route of the "Twin Cities Hiawatha" between Chicago and Minneapolis-St. Paul.
Route.
The "Twin Cities Hiawatha" was the main line route From Chicago, Milwaukee to St. Paul and Minneapolis. On the original route, only five intermediate stops were made between Milwaukee and St. Paul. Later other stops were added, as well as Glenview, Illinois between Chicago and Milwaukee. When the "Hiawatha" began in 1935 about half the line had cab signaling that lit white, green, or red lights in the locomotive cab. A whistle would sound if the red signal came on.

</doc>
<doc id="18949021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949021" title="List of companies paying monthly dividends">
List of companies paying monthly dividends

This is a list of publicly traded companies that pay monthly dividends.
This list intentionally does not include funds such as Exchange-traded funds, Closed-end funds, Mutual funds and Income funds.
United States Markets.
This section comprises only companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange, Nasdaq and the American Stock Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="18949041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949041" title="Botswana at the 2002 Commonwealth Games">
Botswana at the 2002 Commonwealth Games

Botswana competed at the 2002 Commonwealth Games. The African nation sent seventeen athletes in three sports. For the first time in their Commonwealth Games history, Botswana won multiple medals, capturing three, including two in boxing.
Medals.
Silver.
Athletics:<br>
Boxing:<br>
Bronze.
Boxing:<br>
Results by event.
Boxing.
Men's Flyweight (– 51 kg)
Men's Bantamweight (– 54 kg)
Men's Featherweight (– 57 kg)
Men's Lightweight (– 60 kg)
Men's Light Welterweight (– 63.5 kg)

</doc>
<doc id="18949057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949057" title="Go Girl (Ciara song)">
Go Girl (Ciara song)

"Go Girl" is a song co-written and performed by American R&B singer Ciara. The song was released as the lead single, for her third studio album "Fantasy Ride", however it was only included on the Japan version of the album. The track is a female empowerment anthem that preaches control, featuring semi-auto-tune vocals and a mid-tempo beat.
"Go Girl" was released worldwide to digital outlets on September 30, 2008. The song garnered mixed reviews from music critics. The single made Vibe's "80 Best Songs of 08"' list, at the number 69. 
The single was also used as the intro for Ciara's supporting act set, for Britney Spears world tour The Circus Starring Britney Spears.
Production.
"Go Girl" was originally written by T-Pain and rewritten with Ciara. Also, it features T-Pain. According to BET's "Access Granted", LaFace A&R executive Mark Pitts asked T-Pain to write and produce tracks for Ciara's third album "Fantasy Ride". T-Pain had several top ten hits and collaborated with Chris Brown on his U.S. number one single, "Kiss Kiss". "I enjoyed the whole process" said Ciara, while on the "Go Girl" music video set. T-Pain said on the video set, "The record came together basically with me and Ciara working for days in the studio, and we got pressured to ... make a song." It is the only song they finished recording.
The demo recording of "Go Girl" titled, "Hood Girl" leaked on the internet in mid-August 2008. It contains alternate lyrics and limits T-Pain's vocals.
In April 2009, when the tracklisting for "Fantasy Ride" was released through online retailers, it revealed that the track will not be featured on the Standard version of the album, but the music video will be featured on limited edition of the "Fantasy Ride". It was, however, featured on the B-side to the physical release of the Love Sex Magic single and on the Japanese editions of "Fantasy Ride" as a bonus track.
Single release and chart performance.
In the United States, "Go Girl" was solicited to New York radio station Hot 97 on September 2, 2008. Two days later, the song was posted on Ciara's official MySpace page. Despite not being officially released, the song began to garner radio airplay. On September 30, 2008, "Go Girl" was released worldwide as a digital download.
"Go Girl" peaked at number 26 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, number 88 on the Pop 100, and spent one week on the Hot 100, at number 78. The song saw more success on the Japan Hot 100, peaking at number one.
Music video.
Directed by Melina Matsoukas, the music video was shot on September 19 and September 20, 2008. The video begins with Ciara sitting in a chair at a desk with a typewriter with four female dancers behind her in chairs. She is dressed in a dominatrix catsuit and thigh-high black stiletto boots. Then, Ciara jumps off the desk and does an immediate split, She and her dancers perform erotic choreography on the chairs. Second, Ciara walks into an elevator. She gets in and performs erratic choreography and shows her transforming. Then, she exits the elevator. She and her dancers make robotic movements and dance routines. Shortly after, T-Pain performs his verse and dances. Ciara in a different sexy robotic costume is sitting on a motorcycle with sparks shooting from the back. Next, the music video goes to a dance break, calling all the "Go Girls" to the dance floor. Ciara slides down a pole and starts performing intense choreography with several dancers. The video concludes with Ciara typing "Go Girl" on the typewriter.
The music video for "Go Girl" premiered on BET's "Access Granted" and Yahoo! Music on October 7, 2008.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Go Girl".
"Go Girl" appears as the b-side to "Fantasy Ride's" lead single "Love Sex Magic" on the European and UK physical releases.

</doc>
<doc id="18949066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949066" title="The Huntington News">
The Huntington News

The Huntington News is the independent student-run and operated newspaper of Northeastern University, a private research institution in Boston, Massachusetts.
History.
Founded in 1926, "The Northeastern News" was Northeastern University's student newspaper. As a recognized student group, "The Northeastern News" reached a weekly circulation of 10,000. The newspaper had been fiscally self-sufficient for years and in July 2008, it was announced that "The Northeastern News" would go independent, forming a non-profit corporation., in the process changing their name to the "The Huntington News"

</doc>
<doc id="18949077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949077" title="ESN Anadolu">
ESN Anadolu

ESN Anadolu is one of the sections of Erasmus Student Network and it is situated in Anadolu University. ESN Anadolu is officially working as a Student Club in Anadolu University and which is the responsible of preparing activities for exchange students in Eskisehir and helping to exchange students. The ESN Anadolu members adopted in principle Students Helping Students.
The six principles of ESN Anadolu.
These principles are the same as Erasmus Student Network.

</doc>
<doc id="18949079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949079" title="Reginald of Bar">
Reginald of Bar

Reginald of Bar may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18949107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949107" title="Birstall RFC">
Birstall RFC

Birstall Rugby Football Club is a men's senior rugby union club based in Birstall, Leicestershire.
The Club currently plays in the RFU Midlands leagues.
History.
Birstall Rugby Club was formed when teachers at a local senior school wanted to provide former pupils with a club in which they could continue playing rugby.
A number of clubs were formed by ex-pupils of schools within Leicestershire immediately following the Second World War. Amongst these was Moat Road Old Boys who were founded in 1949. Following the loss of their use of their school playing fields in 1952, the club moved to Birstall village park and introduced the game to Birstall for the first time. The club were, by all accounts, regarded as enthusiastic & superbly fit and played all the top clubs in the county at the time. On one memorable occasion, they lost to Leicester Tigers by one point. Unfortunately, following the departure of a number of players to form a singing group called The Dallas Boys, the club failed to thrive and the club folded in 1956. Birstall had to wait for another 10 years to pass before the game returned with the formation of a new club in 1965. The club took the village name as Birstall RFC, played on the village park and changed in the scout hut. As the village of Birstall began to grow and new senior schools were established in the area, the rugby club went from strength to strength and was soon running two senior sides and a colts team. Unfortunately, despite considerable success, the club failed to recruit sufficient junior players and the club was forced to cease playing in 1973.
The current club was formed in 1975 by a group of dedicated teachers at the local senior schools with the intention of providing ex-pupils with a club that would enable them to continue playing the game. It was decided to affiliate the new club with Birstall Community College thus avoiding the "old boys" tag with all the limitations this brings. With the failure of local schools and colleges to provide any form of competitive sport, the supply of youth players joining the club began to dry up in the mid-eighties. With no youngsters available to take over from retiring players, the club shrank in size until, in the late nineties, it virtually ceased to exist. However, strenuous efforts made by a number of key individuals kept the club afloat and, by the end of the 1999/2000 season, Birstall RFC were proudly crowned champions of the Leicestershire Merit Table.
During the early part of the millennium Birstall started to feel the pinch like so many local sides. Raising enough players to field a side became extremely difficult and the club came close to folding in 2003. Thankfully, due to a lot of hard work by the committee and links once again being developed with Longslade Community college, the Green Dogs are once against going from strength to strength. Recent increases in the number of younger players mean that the club is now fielding two sides again for the first time in ten years.
Club Honours.
Leicestershire League Division 3 Winners 2008/9
Leicestershire Merit League Winners 2009/10
Leicestershire Presidents Spring Cup Winners 2012/13

</doc>
<doc id="18949108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949108" title="Ephippus">
Ephippus

Ephippus or Ephippos may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18949112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949112" title="Lynnette">
Lynnette

Lyn(n)ette is a feminine given name and may refer to:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="18949113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949113" title="Cyrus Walbridge">
Cyrus Walbridge

Cyrus Packard Walbridge (July 20, 1849– May 1, 1921) was the twenty-eighth mayor of St. Louis, Missouri, serving from 1893 to 1897. He was also the unsuccessful Republican candidate for Governor of Missouri in the 1904 election.

</doc>
<doc id="18949121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949121" title="Edmilson Gonçalves Pimenta">
Edmilson Gonçalves Pimenta

Edmilson Gonçalves Pimenta (born 17 September 1971 in Santa Teresa, Espírito Santo), simply Edmilson, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played in various offensive positions.
Football career.
After starting out as a senior for modest outfit of Esporte Clube Democrata, Edmilson moved to Portugal in the 1993 summer, going on to remain in the country for most of his professional career; he began with lowly C.D. Nacional – then in division two – and S.C. Salgueiros, where his solid performances earned him a transfer to top level powerhouse F.C. Porto.
At Porto, Edmilson was instrumental as the club won the second and third of its five consecutive league accolades, signing a lucrative contract with French side Paris Saint-Germain FC. Unsettled, he returned to Portugal in January 1998, joining Sporting Clube de Portugal; he scored 10 goals in his first full season with the "Lions" and, although not an essential first-team member, still contributed with 20 matches in 1999–2000 as the capital club ended an 18-year drought and conquered the title.
Until his retirement in 2007 Edmilson played, in quick succession, with Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, Portimonense SC, FK Lyn, R.C.S. Visétois and amateurs CTE Colatina (two spells).

</doc>
<doc id="18949128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949128" title="Economy of Algeria">
Economy of Algeria

In 2012, the Algerian economy grew by 2.5%, up slightly from 2.4% in 2011. Excluding hydrocarbons, growth has been estimated at 5.8% (up from 5.7% in 2011). Inflation is increasing and is estimated at 8.9% (up from 4.49% in 2011). Despite the financial authorities’ good performance, thanks to modernisation reforms, the budget deficit widened to 3.3% of GDP in 2012 (as against 1.3% in 2011) due to the continuation of the expansionary fiscal policy initiated in 2011 to meet strong social demands in terms of purchasing power, jobs and housing. The oil and gas sector is the country’s main source of revenues, having generated about 70% of total budget receipts. The economy is projected to grow by 3.2% in 2013 and by 4.0% in 2014.
The country’s external position remained comfortable in 2012, with a trade surplus of about USD 27.18 billion. The current-account surplus is estimated at 8.2% of GDP and official foreign-exchange reserves have been estimated at USD 190.7 billion at end-December 2012, or the equivalent of more than three years of imports of non-factor goods and services. Oil and gas export earnings made up more than 97% of total exports.
Algeria has enormous possibilities to boost its economic growth, including huge foreign-exchange reserves derived from oil and gas. A development strategy targeting stronger, sustained growth would create more jobs, especially for young people, and alleviate the housing shortage the country is facing. The national strategic option is therefore to revitalise the process intended to diversify the economy starting with the non-oil sector while deepening the reforms needed for the structural transformation of the economy.
Historical trend.
The total imports and exports on the eve of the French invasion (in 1830) did not exceed £175,000. By 1850, the figures had reached £5,000,000; in 1868, £12,000,000; in 1880, £17,000,000; and in 1890, £20,000,000. From this point progress was slower and the figures varied considerably year by year. In 1905 the total value of the foreign trade was £24,500,000. About five-sixths of the trade is with or via France, into which country several Algerian goods have been admitted duty-free since 1851, and all since 1867. French goods, except sugar, have been admitted into Algeria without payment of duty since 1835. After the 1892 increase of the French minimum tariff which applied to Algeria for the first time, foreign trade greatly diminished.
GDP per capita grew 40 percent in the Sixties reaching a peak growth of 538% in the Seventies But this proved unsustainable and growth collapsed to a paltry 9.7% in the turbulent Eighties.
Failure of timely reforms by successive governments caused the current GDP per capita to shrink by 28% in the Nineties.
This is a chart of trend of gross domestic product of Algeria at market prices estimated by the International Monetary Fund with figures in millions of Algerian Dinars.
For purchasing power parity comparisons, the US Dollar is exchanged at 70.01 Algerian Dinars only (updated May 24, 2007). Average wages in 2007 hover around $18–22 per day.
The government has announced plans to sell off state enterprises: sales of a national cement factory and steel plant have been completed and other industries are up for offer. In 2001, Algeria signed an Association Agreement with the European Union; it has started accession negotiations for entry into the World Trade Organization.
Gross domestic product (GDP).
In 2007 Algeria’s estimated GDP was US$125.9 billion according to the official exchange rate. Using purchasing power parity, estimated GDP was US$268.9 billion, or US$8,100 on a per capita basis. The estimated real growth rate was 4.6 percent. In 2007 industry accounted for 61 percent of GDP, services constituted 31 percent, and agriculture provided the remaining 8 percent.
The country has enjoyed several years of strong economic performance, with solid non-hydrocarbon growth, low inflation, an overall budget surplus of 8percent of GDP and a positive trade balance of 28 percent of GDP in 2008. Average annual non-hydrocarbon GDP growth averaged 6 percent in 2003-2007, with total GDP growing at an average of 4.5 percent during the same period due to less buoyant oil production in 2006-07. External debt has been virtually eliminated, and the government has accumulated large savings in the oil stabilization fund (FRR). Inflation, the lowest in the region, has remained stable at 4 percent on average for 2003-07. However, the economy remains highly dependent on hydrocarbons, which represent 98 percent of total exports; a continued slowdown of global energy demand would therefore significant pressure on Algeria’s fiscal and external positions.
Government budget.
In 2007 government revenues of US$58.5 billion exceeded expenditures of US$41.4 billion. Receipts from the hydrocarbons industry usually account for roughly 60 percent of revenues.
Industries.
Agriculture, forestry, and fishing.
Algeria’s agricultural sector, which contributes about 8 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) but employs 14 percent of the workforce, is unable to meet the food needs of the country’s population. As a result, some 45 percent of food is imported. The primary crops are wheat, barley, and potatoes. Farmers also have had success growing dates for export. Cultivation is concentrated in the fertile coastal plain of the Tell region, which represents just a slice of Algeria’s total territory. Altogether, only about 3 percent of Algerian territory is arable. Even in the Tell, rainfall variability has a significant impact on production. Government efforts to stimulate farming in the less arable steppe and desert regions have met with limited success. However, herdsmen maintain livestock, specifically goats, cattle, and sheep, in the High Plateaus region.
Algeria’s climate and periodic fires are not conducive to a thriving forestry industry. However, Algeria is a producer of cork and Aleppo pine. In 2005 round wood removals totaled 7.8 million cubic meters, while sandalwood production amounted to only 13 million cubic meters per year.
Algeria’s fishing industry does not take full advantage of the Mediterranean coast, in part because fishing is generally done from small family-owned boats instead of large commercial fishing trawlers. However, the government is attempting to boost the relatively small catch—slightly more than 125,000 metric tons in 2005—by modernizing fishing ports, permitting foreigners to fish in Algerian waters, and subsidizing fishing-related projects.
Fishing.
Fishing is a flourishing but minor industry. Fish caught are principally sardines, bonito, mackerel smelt and sprats. Fresh fish are exported to France, dried and preserved fish to Spain and Italy. Coral fisheries are found along the coast from Bonn to Tunis. The annual catch averages around 142,000 tons, 54% sardines.
Minerals.
Algeria is rich in minerals; the country has many iron, lead, zinc, copper, calamine, antimony and mercury mines. The most productive are those of iron and zinc. Lignite is found in Algiers; immense phosphate beds were discovered near Tessa in 1891, yielding 313,500 tons in 1905. Phosphate beds are also worked near Swift, Miguel and Ann Belinda. There are more than 300 quarries which produce, among st other stones, onyx and beautiful white and red marbles. Algerian onyx from Sin Balletic was used by the Romans, and many ancient quarries have been found near Sid Ben Kaye, some being certainly those from which the long-lost Quotidian marbles were taken. Salt is collected on the margins of the hots.
Banking and finance.
Algeria’s banking sector is dominated by public banks, which suffer from high levels of non-performing loans to state-owned enterprises (SMEs). As of 2007, public banks controlled 95 percent of total bank assets. In 2007 nonperforming loans represented a towering 38 percent of total loans at public banks, according to International Monetary Fund (IMF) estimates. Modest progress has been made in implementing several reforms proposed by the IMF, including replacing bank credits to SMEs with government subsidies; boosting bank supervision, accountability, and transparency; and modernizing the payments system. One specific reform that has been achieved is the establishment in 2006 of the Algerian Real Time Settlements system, which facilitates the prompt and reliable electronic transfer of payments. In November 2007, the proposed sale and privatization of Crudités Popular Alighieri was postponed because of turbulent market conditions. Recently, HSBC and Deutsche Bank announced that they would commence commercial banking (in the case of HSBC) and investment banking (in the case of Deutsche Bank) in Algeria. Only a few companies are listed on the underdeveloped and relatively opaque Algiers stock exchange.
The non-bank sector remains less developed, although recent reforms in the field of regulation and supervision have laid the foundations for leasing, factoring, and venture capital.
The Algerian equity market remains relatively shallow, with only two companies being listed in the Course Algeria. Conversely, the bond market has expanded in recent years: the government has issued debt instruments with varying maturities of up to fifteen years, and five private companies have issued corporate bonds.
Tourism.
Algeria’s tourism industry, which contributes only about 1 percent of GDP, lags behind that of its neighbors Morocco and Tunisia. Algeria receives only about 200,000 tourists and visitors annually. Ethnic Algerian French citizens represent the largest group of tourists, followed by Tunisians. The modest level of tourism is attributable to a combination of poor hotel accommodations and the threat of terrorism. However, the government has adopted a plan known as “Horizon 2025,” which is designed to address the lack of infrastructure. Various hotel operators are planning to build hotels, particularly along the Mediterranean coast. Another potential opportunity involves adventure holidays in the south. The Algerian government has set the goal of boosting the number of foreign visitors, including tourists, to 1.2 million by 2010.
Currency, exchange rate, and inflation.
Algeria’s currency is the dinar (DZD). The dinar is loosely linked to the U.S. dollar in a managed float. Algeria’s main export, crude oil, is priced in dollars, while most of Algeria’s imports are priced in euros. Therefore, the government endeavors to manage fluctuations in the value of the dinar. As of April 2008, US$1 was equivalent to about DZD64.6.
Algeria’s foreign currency reserves have grown rapidly since 2000, reflecting rising prices for exported oil. At the end of 2007, foreign reserves totaled US$99.3 billion, up from US$12 billion in 2000 and the equivalent of almost four years of imports. In 2007 the estimated inflation rate was 4.6 percent.
In 2010, the IMF voiced concerns about poor management of Algeria's monetary system and inflation
Labor.
The largest employer is government, which claims 32 percent of the workforce. Even though industry is a much larger part of the economy than agriculture, agriculture employs slightly more people (14 percent of the workforce) than industry (13.4 percent of the workforce). One of the reasons for this disparity is that the energy sector is very capital-intensive. Trade accounts for 14.6 percent of the workforce, while the construction and public works sector employs 10 percent, reflecting the government’s efforts to upgrade the country’s infrastructure and stock of affordable housing.
At the end of 2006, the unemployment rate was about 15.7 percent, but the rate among those under the age of 25 was 70 percent. In 2005 the labor participation rate was only 52 percent, versus an Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development average of 70 percent. New entrants to the workforce and the lack of emigration options make unemployment a chronic problem and an important challenge to the government. Given its highly capital-intensive nature, the hydrocarbons industry is not in a position to employ many job seekers.
Foreign economic relations.
In its foreign economic relations, Algeria is seeking more trade and foreign investment. For example, Algeria’s hydrocarbons law passed in April 2005 is designed to encourage foreign investment in energy exploration. Increased production could raise Algeria’s profile as a member of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries. In keeping with its pro-trade agenda, Algeria achieved association status with the European Union (EU) in September 2005. Over a 12-year period, the association agreement is expected to enable Algeria to export goods to the EU tariff-free, while it gradually lifts tariffs on imports from the EU. Algeria has signed bilateral investment agreements with 20 different nations, including many European countries, China, Egypt, Malaysia, and Yemen. In July 2001, the United States and Algeria agreed on a framework for discussions leading to such an agreement, but a final treaty has not yet been negotiated. Ultimately, trade liberalization, customs modernization, deregulation, and banking reform are designed to improve the country’s negotiating position as it seeks accession to the World Trade Organization.
In 2007 Algerian imports totaled US$26.08 billion. The principal imports were capital goods, foodstuffs, and consumer goods. The top import partners were France (22 percent), Italy (8.6 percent), China (8.5 percent), Germany (5.9 percent), Spain (5.9 percent), the United States (4.8 percent), and Turkey (4.5 percent). In 2007 Algeria exported US$63.3 billion, more than twice as much as it imported. Exports accounted for 30 percent of gross domestic product (GDP). Hydrocarbon products constituted at least 95 percent of export earnings. The principal exports were petroleum, natural gas, and petroleum products. The top export partners were the United States (27.2 percent), Italy (17 percent), Spain (9.7 percent), France (8.8 percent), Canada (8.1 percent), and Belgium (4.3 percent). Algeria supplies 25 percent of the European Union’s natural gas imports. In 2007 Algeria posted a positive merchandise trade balance of US$37.2 billion. In 2007 Algeria achieved a positive current account balance of US$31.5 billion. High prices for Algeria’s energy exports are the main driver for the improvement in the 
current account balance.
Algeria's trade surplus for 2010 has risen to over $83.14 billion. The Algerian Centre for Information and Statistics Directorate of the Algerian Customs attribute this increase from last year due to higher fuel revenue due to the high price of a barrel of oil, and the slight decrease in imports of consumer non-food materials. The center said that Algerian exports rose by 78.26% during the period from January to November 2010 from $27.51 billion to $44.4 billion during the same period in 2009. Imports grew by 89.1% from $43.36 billion to $76.35 billion between 2009 and 2010.
Reflecting strong oil export revenues, external debt is on a downward trajectory. For example, these revenues facilitated early repayments of US$900 million in loans from the African Development Bank and Saudi Arabia. In March 2006, Algeria’s purchase of 78 aircraft from Russia led to the cancellation of Algeria’s entire debt to Russia. In 2006 external debt was estimated at US$4.4 billion, down from US$23.5 billion in 2003.
In 2006 foreign direct investment (FDI) in Algeria totaled US$1.8 billion. The petrochemical, transport, and utilities sectors have been recent beneficiaries of FDI. FDI into the oil sector was expected to rise as a result of a hydrocarbons law, approved in April 2005, that created a more even playing field for foreign oil companies to compete with Algeria’s state-owned oil company, Sonatrach, for exploration and production contracts. Algeria also is seeking foreign investment in power and water systems.
As of August 2006, cumulative World Bank assistance to Algeria totaled US$5.9 billion, encompassing 72 projects. Currently, the World Bank is pursuing seven projects, specifically budget modernization, mortgage finance, natural disaster recovery, energy and mining, rural employment, telecommunications, and transportation. In 2005 economic assistance to Algeria from the United States amounted to US$4.4 million, most of which was attributable to the Middle East Partnership Initiative (MEPI) and the remainder to International Military Education and Training (IMET). MEPI encourages economic, political, and educational reform in the Middle East. In 2006 IMET, which provides U.S. military training to foreign troops, had a budget of US$823 million. In 2005 the European Union contributed US$58 million to Algeria’s economic development under the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership.

</doc>
<doc id="18949141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949141" title="El mundo frio">
El mundo frio

El mundo frio is the fourth full-length studio album by Japanese doom metal band Corrupted. The album consists of a single, continuous piece of music. The instrumentation is notable for inclusion of the Western harp.
The title is Spanish for "The Cold World", albeit with the accent over "frío" left off.

</doc>
<doc id="18949148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949148" title="Tagore International School">
Tagore International School

Tagore International School, India, was founded by Dr. Mrs. H. Sen in 1972. Named after Rabindranath Tagore, it envisions an education "deeply rooted in one’s immediate surroundings but connected to the cultures of the wider world, predicated upon pleasurable learning and individualized to the personality of the child". The first branch was in Lajpat Nagar, and thereafter in Vasant Vihar, East of Kailash and DLF. 
The schools are run by the Tagore Education Society, a society founded by Dr. Mrs. Hari Sen and Mr. Jitender Sen in 1964.
School emblem.
The Tagorean emblem represents three letters T I S. The central I is the leaping flame of the candle, signifying everlasting knowledge, enclosed by T which forms the arms and legs of the child who is never tired in his quest for this 'Vidya' or knowledge. Like the light of the candle, the child is continuously striving to reach for the stars.
Tagore International School, Vasant Vihar.
It was established in 1972 by Dr. Mrs. H. Sen, as an English medium Senior Secondary School.
The school philosophy is illustrated in Rabindranath Tagore's words ""I was brought up in an atmosphere of aspiration, aspiration for the expansion of the human spirit. We in our home sought freedom of power in our language, freedom of imagination in our literature freedom of soul in our religious creeds, and that of mind in our social environment. Such an opportunity has given me confidence in the power of education which is one with life and only which can give us real freedom, the highest that is claimed for man, his freedom of moral communion in the human world"."

</doc>
