<doc id="19065756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065756" title="Navigenics">
Navigenics

Navigenics, Inc. is a privately held personal genomics company, based in Foster City, California, that uses genetic testing to help people determine their individual risk for dozens of health conditions. 
The company is recognized as starting the personalized medicine revolution and remains part of the growing personal genomics industry, which offers genetic scans and analysis to individuals and physicians for a variety of applications. Some businesses have touted their tests as genealogical tools, however, Navigenics’ focus is on the potential health benefits that can be gained from being aware of personal genetic information.
As part of the genetic testing process, a range of DNA analysis technologies are employed to identify millions of genetic markers which can predispose the body to diseases. The rapid cost reduction in DNA microarray technology and the exponential growth in genetic research following the Human Genome Project have helped make these technologies more affordable to everyday consumers.
History.
Navigenics was co-founded in 2006 by David Agus, M.D., a prostate cancer specialist who is a Professor of Medicine at the University of Southern California and Director of the USC Center for Applied Molecular Medicine and the USC Westside Prostate Cancer Center in Los Angeles, and Dietrich Stephan, Ph.D., member of the Board of Directors of the Personalized Medicine Coalition, current CEO of Silicon Valley Biosystems, former Chairman of Neurogenomics and Deputy Director for Discovery Research at the Translational Genomics Research Institute.
The company officially launched in November 2007. On April 8, 2008, Navigenics began selling its genetic testing services, which include state-of-the-art genetic analysis that assesses your risk for a variety of common health conditions, including Alzheimer's disease, type 2 diabetes, some cancers and celiac disease. 
With the launch of Health Compass, Navigenics opened a temporary exhibition space in the SoHo district of New York City, where the company hosted events and lectures about personal genomics and healthcare. News of the product launch and sometimes first-hand accounts of Health Compass users were reported in a number of publications including the Los Angeles Times and Wired Magazine.
The company also launched an online portal allowing doctors to access the genomic information of consenting patients. The portal allows the physician to integrate patients’ genetic information into personalized health plans designed to help diagnose early or prevent a number of health conditions.
In July 2009, Navigenics lowered the price of the Health Compass comprehensive genetic test to $999.
In July 2012, Navigenics was acquired by Life Technologies.
Controversy in California.
In June 2008, California health regulators sent cease-and-desist letters to Navigenics and 12 other genetic testing firms, including 23andMe. The state regulators asked the companies to prove a physician was involved in the ordering of each test and that state clinical laboratory licensing requirements were being fulfilled. The controversy sparked a flurry of interest in the relatively new field, as well as a number of media articles, including an opinion piece on Wired.com entitled, “Attention, California Health Dept.: My DNA Is My Data.” In August 2008, Navigenics and 23andMe received state licenses allowing the companies to continue to do business in California.
The future of genetic testing.
Changes have been occurring swiftly in the burgeoning new genetic testing industry. As has been seen with other technologies, the price of some gene tests has been coming down. 
In October 2008, it was announced that Scripps Translational Science Institute was partnering with Navigenics, Microsoft Corp. and Affymetrix in a first-of-its kind research study to assess how people respond to personal genetic testing. The 20-year study, known as the Scripps Genomic Health Initiative, will involve up to 10,000 participants, and will analyze whether they make positive lifestyle changes that benefit their health after receiving their genetic test results.
Said Dr. Eric J. Topol, director of Scripps Translational Science Institute and principal investigator of the study:
"Genome scans give people considerable information about their DNA and risk of disease, yet questions have been raised if these tests are ready for widespread public use. Our study will prospectively evaluate the effect that state-of-the-art gene scans have on people’s lifestyles, behaviors, diets and psyches."

</doc>
<doc id="19065758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065758" title="Alice Arden (athlete)">
Alice Arden (athlete)

Alice Jean Arden-Hodge (July 23, 1914 – March 1, 2012) was an American athlete who competed in the women's high jump event at the Olympic games in Berlin in 1936. Raised in Long Island, New York, Arden won ten athletic letters during her high school career across several different sports. The only woman from the New York City area to have been selected for the 1936 Summer Olympics women's team, Arden placed ninth in the high jump event and never competed in the sport again. Soon after, she married basketball player Russell Hodge and together they had three children, one of whom was Russ Hodge, a decathlete at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. As of 2008, Arden and Hodge's participation make them the only mother-son Olympians in American history.
Early life.
Arden was born on July 23, 1914 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, but grew up in Long Island, New York. Her father, Ray Arden, was an inventor who held over 400 patents. During her athletic career at Baldwin High School in New York, she won ten athletic letters in basketball, field hockey and athletics, and broke Babe Didrikson's high jump record. Arden had made what would become the best jump of her career in 1935, when she achieved a height of 1.613 m (5'3½").
Olympic career.
Arden finished second in the Olympic trials in Providence, Rhode Island, behind only Annette Rogers. She was selected to participate at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, the only female team member from the New York City area to participate in those games. Although $700 were raised for her trip, she was forced to return $200 due to Amateur Athletic Union regulations. She placed an equal ninth in the women's high jump event, with a height of 1.50 m., although this would have been eighth had it been discovered earlier that Dora Ratjen was actually a male. During the games, she forged strong friendships with many athletes and became lifelong friends with the head of the Turkish delegation. The Olympic Games, however, was her final competition.
Later life.
Inspired by the associations that she made at the Olympic Games, Arden became involved in numerous Olympic committees, working towards increased female participation in the events. She played basketball for the Long Island Ducklings, where she met Russel "Rusty" Hodge, a semi-professional player. Hodge, a center for the Liberty Emeralds, and Arden, also a center, were married in 1937. They had a son, Russ Hodge, in 1939 and moved from Monticello, New York to Roscoe, New York that same year. There, the Hodges operated a dairy farm and, later, furniture and gravel stores. Arden had a total of three children.
The younger Hodge competed in the decathlon at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, where he placed ninth. On his mother's 52nd birthday, he set a world record in a decathlon event in Los Angeles. Arden's husband died in 2001. In August 2003, both Arden and her son were honoured with the Sullivan County Historical Society "History Maker" award. They are the only mother-son Olympians in the history of the United States. Still active in swimming at the age of 90, Arden died on March 1, 2012 at the age of 97.

</doc>
<doc id="19065772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065772" title="Vila Salazar">
Vila Salazar

Vila Salazar may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19065774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065774" title="Jacques Thelemaque">
Jacques Thelemaque

Jacques Thelemaque is an American screenwriter and director best known as the president of the Los Angeles film collective Filmmakers Alliance.
Biography.
Jacques Thelemaque studied briefly at the USC School of Cinematic Arts, but his film career began in 1993 when he co-founded Filmmakers Alliance with his then-wife, Diane Gaidry. He built the grassroots film collective from a loose-knit group of 
filmmakers into an important independent filmmaking resource organization with films screening at every major festival in the world and receiving global distribution. He has overseen the production of hundreds of films and developed a wide range of innovative and impactful filmmaking support programs.
In 2004, he and producing partner Liam Finn formed FA Productions, of which they are Co-Presidents. Jacques himself - and through FA Productions - has produced several feature films including "Shock Television", "The Dogwalker", "Within", "Midnight Movie" and "The Revenant". He is also a co-producer on Brooklyn Reptyle’s "Audie & the Wolf".
In 2005, he was named Chief Community Officer of the festival submission/filmmaker support site, Withoutabox.com. He left that company prior to them being acquired by the Internet Movie Database.
As a writer-director his work includes the feature film "The Dogwalker" (Los Angeles Film Festival, Hong Kong International Film Festival, Best First Feature - Cinequest Film Festival), as well as the shorts "Transaction" (Sundance Film Festival, winner of the Grand Prix du Jury Award in the Labo Competition at the Clermont-Ferrand Short Film Festival), "Infidelity (in equal parts)" (Sundance Film Festival, Los Angeles Film Festival), "Egg' (Mill Valley Film Festival, Best Comedy Short - Cinequest Film Festival, Jury Award for Best Short – Methodfest) and "Love Without Socks" (AFI FEST - American Film Institute).
He regularly participates in filmmaking panels, seminars, workshops and classes. He was on the board of directors for The Los Angeles Independent Film Festival (now Film Independent's Los Angeles Film Festival) and currently sits on the advisory board of the IFP Emerging Filmmaker Labs as well as the boards of the Downtown Film Festival and the Ashland Independent Film Festival.
See External Links below for words in RED.

</doc>
<doc id="19065779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065779" title="Bill Albury">
Bill Albury

William Frederick "Bill" Albury (born 10 August 1933) was an English professional association football player. He played professionally for Portsmouth and Gillingham between 1951 and 1960, and in total made 61 appearances in the Football League, scoring 12 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19065787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065787" title="Bill Wilson (Montana politician)">
Bill Wilson (Montana politician)

Bill Wilson is a former Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, for the 22nd District from 2003 through 2011. He previously served in the Montana State Senate from 1993 through 2001, and was Vice-Chairman of Senate Labor and Employment Relations-1993. While in The Montana House, Wilson served as Chairman of House Ethics (2005), and Chairman of Business and Labor (2009). In 1992, the voters of Montana approved a constitutional amendment creating "term limits." Consequently, Wilson was term limited in both the House and Senate- after six terms (sixteen years.) He currently resides in his hometown of Great Falls, Montana.

</doc>
<doc id="19065811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065811" title="MIL-STD-883">
MIL-STD-883

The MIL-STD-883 standard establishes uniform methods, controls, and procedures for testing microelectronic devices suitable for use within military and aerospace electronic systems including basic environmental tests to determine resistance to deleterious effects of natural elements and conditions surrounding military and space operations; mechanical and electrical tests; workmanship and training procedures; and such other controls and constraints as have been deemed necessary to ensure a uniform level of quality and reliability suitable to the intended applications of those devices. For the purpose of this standard, the term "devices" includes such items as monolithic, multichip, film and hybrid microcircuits, microcircuit arrays, and the elements from which the circuits and arrays are formed. This standard is intended to apply only to microelectronic devices.

</doc>
<doc id="19065826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065826" title="Listen to Britain">
Listen to Britain

Listen to Britain is a 1942 British propaganda short film by Humphrey Jennings and Stewart McAllister. The film was produced during World War II by the Crown Film Unit, an organisation within the British Government's Ministry of Information to support the Allied war effort. The film was nominated for the inaugural Academy Award for Documentary Feature in 1943, but lost against four other Allied propaganda films. The film depicts a day in the life of Britain during the blitz, and is noted for its nonlinear structure and its use of sound.
American introduction, British fears and critical reception.
For the American release, "Listen to Britain" opens with a foreword spoken by Leonard Brockington added by a "nervous civil servant" as there were fears that Americans may be confused by the ambiguity of the film's message. The forewords begins with the famous "Listening to Britain" poem:
Before the introduction was added, Edward Anstey in "The Spectator" thought the film would be a complete disaster. Writing in the "Documentary News Letter", Anstey complained:
However, Anstey admitted that "Listen To Britain" "had enormous influence overseas" and the film went down very well with audiences. Helen de Mouilpied (later the wife of Denis Forman), the deputy head of non-theatrical distribution for the Ministry of Information, recalled:
Roger Manvell then working as the Films Officer in the South West and later North-West of the country, claimed he always tried to show the film as the:
The success of 'Listen To Britain' in influencing British public opinion vindicates Jennings and shows "boundary lines in the debate over social utility and aesthetic pleasure are not as distinct as they may seem."
Poetry, propaganda, myth and ambiguity.
"Listen to Britain" may be considered as artistic or poetic but the film is based on ambiguity and doubt. Mass Observation, co-founded by Humphrey Jennings in 1937, found in the war's early years that the public considered it “un-British to shove propaganda down your throat”, so Jennings realised that he would have to take a different approach to succeed. Jennings therefore chose to hide the propaganda with ambiguity. The film is therefore part of what Stuart Legg called the 'Poetic Line', in spite of Ansley and Anderson's beliefs that poetry and propaganda were incompatible, and the use of poetry in relation to the constraints imposed by the audience and motivations of Jennings and the Ministry of Information in making the film is central to understanding the film as a work of propaganda. "Poetry and propaganda come together in the myth of the people's war."
In "Listen to Britain", Jennings is selling a myth of national unity; that in spite of pre-war differences all classes were united in war socialism but it's a bottom up view that highlights individuality, the "unity within difference". Having learnt through Mass Observation that the British people were uncomfortable with detecting propaganda, Jennings used a poetic style to mask it. The use of sound was vital in this, allowing the montage of shots to imply hidden meaning, such as the sound of an unseen aircraft on a seemingly peaceful day. Edgar Anstey feared the "beauty" would detract from the message and when the film was released in America, an introduction was added because the art had made the message ambiguous. Only at the end was the film's ambiguity dropped as Rule Brittania plays out over a sequence that at last implies 'totalised' unity. "Propaganda finally wins out over poetry".
A 'voice of God' narrator is absent but Jennings uses the vastly different sounds from people of different classes at home or in the work place as the voice of the people. These sounds, and especially the songs, help unite the viewer. Jennings conceals his own voice behind an impersonal style so the viewer can listen to the sounds of Britain. Jennings also goes further, using creative treatment and reconstruction to mislead the audience who may believe they are watching vérité. Leaving in the serendipitous stumbling child and Jennings’ obsessive technique, pointed out by Mike Leigh, of getting the actors to scratch their noses, adds to this sense. This non-perfected style contrasts markedly with more traditional, overt propaganda. While Jennings ignores many genuine problems, such as showing un-bombed homes or menus not ration cards, the use of sound without narration allowed Jennings to mask the propaganda as the meanings were not imposed on the viewer. This allowed the audience to make up their own mind from the images and the music alone, and this apparent freedom, along with the many, diverse voices, helps conceal the true nature of the messageas Goeffrey Nowell Smith explains.
Jennings makes the tensions in the myth's construction central to the film. Britton believes the myth was created to benefit the elite's Imperial war, while Leach believes aspirations for future social change were integral to the war unity ideology. Jennings highlights class distinctions and hints at the tension between the forces for and resistant to social change. Accepting the myth's fragility, the scene with the music hall double act Flanagan and Allen performing to a working class audience cuts straight to the Queen enjoying the music of Myra Hess at one of the (London) National Gallery's lunch-time classical music concerts. Whether the classes are united with the Queen among her people or rich and poor are permanently divided is up to the viewer. Likewise gender; women are shown firmly within the family unit despite a sub-textual admission of future liberation aspirations. This ambiguity masks and therefore strengthens the propaganda.
In "Mein Kampf", Hitler talks of the success of British propaganda in World War I believing people's ignorance meant simple repetition and an appeal to feelings over reason would suffice. In contrast, Jennings' "calm voice of reason appeals to the mind rather than emotion". In "Triumph of the Will", for example, Leni Riefenstahl works with the myth and ignores the reality, while Jennings acknowledges their differences. A.J.P. Taylor believes Britain's war socialism represented genuine unity, allowing Jennings to admit these tensions given the public's distaste for overt propaganda. Thus for Jennings the poetry and propaganda "enrich and unsettle each other". This subtle reflection upon the myth “genuinely was propaganda as art, an extraordinary feat which "Triumph of the Will" doesn’t come near, thankfully”.
Occurrences in other works.
In 2012, the London-based band Public Service Broadcasting released "Waltz for George" which uses images taken from several Ministry of Information war films, though mostly from "Listen to Britain", to accompany the radio report on the soldiers returning from Dunkirk. The same year, they also released "London can take it" with both audio and video taken exclusively from Jenning's 1940 propaganda documentary of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="19065847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065847" title="Württemberg K">
Württemberg K

The Württemberg Class K steam locomotives of the Royal Württemberg State Railways ("Königlich Württembergische Staats-Eisenbahnen") were the only twelve-coupled locomotives built for a German railway company.
History.
The 44 engines of this class built by the Maschinenfabrik Esslingen between 1917 and 1924 were intended for work on the Geislingen ramp ("Geislinger Steige") and the Baden Black Forest line. As a result of good experiences in Austria and the fact that there was a maximum axle load of only 16 tonnes on those routes, it was decided to produce a twelve-coupled locomotive. The first and last coupled axles were given side-play (Gölsdorf system), the wheel flanges of the two centre axles were reduced by about 15 mm. 
The locomotives proved to be a successful design that was very reliable and powerful. In operations on the hilly routes it was very thrifty, however it was not so economical on the flat. The Deutsche Reichsbahn, that had taken over all the locomotives as DRG Class 59, raised the permissible axle load on the important main lines, so that the performance of the Class K could finally be augmented by ten-coupled engines. As a result, no further batches were ordered.
Move to Austria.
After the routes of the "Geislinger Steige" had been electrified, the engines were no longer required and were given away to Austria, where they were used on the Semmering railway. From there several units went to Yugoslavia and Hungary during the course of the Second World War. The vehicles that remained with, or were returned to, the Deutsche Bundesbahn continued in service until 1953.
Of the 30 examples that stayed in Austria after the Second World War, the majority were sold, two units went to the Soviet Union, six to the Hungarian Railways (MAV). The remaining four engines retained their serial numbers but were grouped into ÖBB Class 659, namely the 659.06, 23, 29 and 41. All locomotives of this class were retired by 1957.
Tenders.
The vehicles were coupled with Württemberg and Prussian tenders of classes wü 2'2' T 20, pr 2'2' T 21.5 and pr 2'2' T 31.5.

</doc>
<doc id="19065848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065848" title="Nick Bolkovac">
Nick Bolkovac

Nicholas Frank Bolkovac (born March 20, 1928 in McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania) is a former American football offensive and defensive tackle in the National Football League for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He played college football at the University of Pittsburgh and was drafted in the 30th round of the 1951 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.

</doc>
<doc id="19065853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065853" title="List of English-language pop songs based on French-language songs">
List of English-language pop songs based on French-language songs

The following is a list of English-language pop songs based on French-language songs. The songs here were originally written and performed in the French language. Later, new, English-language lyrics were set to the same melody as the original song. Songs are arranged in alphabetical order, omitting the articles "a" and "the".

</doc>
<doc id="19065876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065876" title="Gold crown">
Gold crown

Gold crown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19065908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065908" title="Roger Nelson (baseball)">
Roger Nelson (baseball)

Roger Eugene Nelson is a former professional baseball pitcher. Nelson pitched all or part of nine seasons in Major League Baseball between 1967 and 1976 with a record of 29 wins, 32 losses, and 5 saves.
Nelson was signed by the Chicago White Sox as an amateur free agent before the 1963 season. He played four seasons in the minor leagues before earning a September call-up in 1967. That off-season, he was part of a major trade with the Baltimore Orioles which sent Don Buford to Baltimore and brought future Hall of Famer Luis Aparicio back to the White Sox.
After one season with Baltimore, he was chosen by the Kansas City Royals with the first selection in the American League phase of the 1968 Major League Baseball expansion draft. Along with Wally Bunker, Nelson formed a formidable starting duo for the expansion Royals in 1969, compiling a 3.31 ERA in 29 starts. After two seasons struggling with injuries, Nelson bounced back in 1972 to finish fifth in the league in ERA (2.08) and also setting career bests with 11 wins and 120 strikeouts. He finished his tenure with the Royals in style, throwing a complete game shutout at the Texas Rangers, 4-0, in the final regular season game ever played at Kansas City's Municipal Stadium on October 4, 1972.
That offseason, Nelson was traded to the Cincinnati Reds in a deal that would bring long-time Royals mainstay Hal McRae to Kansas City for the first time. Unfortunately, Nelson would never repeat the successes of 1969 and 1972, and he was sold back to the Chicago White Sox. He was released by the White Sox before ever pitching for them, and after a brief turn through the Oakland Athletics farm system, Nelson got one last chance with the Royals in 1976, appearing in 3 games in September to end his major league career.

</doc>
<doc id="19065922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065922" title="Kym Jackson">
Kym Jackson

Kym Jackson (born 1 July 1983) is an Australian actress and author. She is known for her roles in feature films "Iron Sky", "Red Line" and "Snitch", and CBS hit TV show "Criminal Minds" and "".
Biography.
Born in Bath, England, Jackson's family relocated to Australia just after her third birthday. She began acting in stage productions with her community and school theatre groups at the age of five and performed in around twenty plays over the following ten years. She attended John Paul College in Daisy Hill, Queensland. 
At age seventeen, Jackson moved from Logan City, Queensland to Surfers Paradise, to pursue a film career, working as a tour guide at Warner Brothers Studios while training for film and TV, and auditioning for roles.
Her first role came in the year 2002, in the feature film "Scooby-Doo". This was followed closely by a small part in the US telemovie "Border Patrol".
In 2002, she relocated to Sydney, and she moved to Hollywood in June 2004.
She received her USA Greencard in February 2006 and her US television debut occurred in April 2008 in the CBS crime drama "Criminal Minds". Jackson has since played supporting and leading roles in over thirty film and TV projects, including "Bordering on Bad Behavior" with Tom Sizemore, "Retribution" with Bryan Krause and Frances Fisher, and "Snitch" with Susan Sarandon and Dwayne Johnson.

</doc>
<doc id="19065957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065957" title="Port Charlotte Town Center">
Port Charlotte Town Center

The Port Charlotte Town Center is a mall located in Port Charlotte, Florida. Many of the shoppers are from Port Charlotte and bordering towns such as North Port, Englewood, and Punta Gorda. The anchor stores include Beall's, Dillard's, JCPenney, Macy's and Sears.

</doc>
<doc id="19065975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065975" title="David John Candlin">
David John Candlin

David John Candlin (1928-?) was a British born physicist. He is known for developing the path integral formulation of the Fermionic field, inventing Grassmann integration for this purpose. Candlin was born in the town of Mitchum, in Surrey, England. He received his PhD in 1955, and wrote his influential paper on Grassmann integration shortly thereafter. He was later appointed a lecturer at Edinburgh university.

</doc>
<doc id="19065985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065985" title="Nelson Saldana">
Nelson Saldana

Nelson Saldana is a former American track cycling Champion originally from Kew Gardens, Queens, New York.
Saldana was a Gold Medal winner in the Team Pursuit at the 1975 Pan American Games He was also the 1977 USA Mens Point Race National Champion as well as 1972 Junior Mens track champion.
In 2006 Nelson Saldana was inducted into the Lehigh Valley Velodrome's Hall of Fame 
New York State Trooper.
In 1996, as a New York State Police, Diver Saldana participated in the investigation of the crash of TWA Flight 800.

</doc>
<doc id="19065986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065986" title="RV Kilo Moana (T-AGOR-26)">
RV Kilo Moana (T-AGOR-26)

RV "Kilo Moana" (T-AGOR-26) is a small waterplane area twin hull (SWATH) oceanographic research ship owned by the US Navy and operated by the University of Hawaii as a part of the University-National Oceanographic Laboratory System (UNOLS) fleet. She was designed to operate in coastal and blue water areas. The unique SWATH hull-form provides a comfortable, stable platform in high sea conditions.
In January 2012 "Kilo Moana" began taking on water from a baseball sized hole in her hull. The crew of the vessel along with the United States Coast Guard were able to temporarily plug the hole and pump out the flooded spaces. She returned to her homeport of Honolulu safely and entered emergency drydock to repair the damaged hull.
Construction.
"Kilo Moana" was built by Atlantic Marine, Jacksonville, Florida, for the Office of Naval Research. She was laid down on 9 February 2001 and launched on 17 November 2001. On 3 September 2003 "Kilo Moana" was delivered to the Navy as a and leased to the University of Hawaii on the same day.

</doc>
<doc id="19065990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19065990" title="Sucha Psina">
Sucha Psina

Sucha Psina, pronounced: is a village in Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County, Gmina Baborów.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II"). 

</doc>
<doc id="19066007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066007" title="MIL-PRF-38534">
MIL-PRF-38534

The MIL-PRF-38534 specification establishes the general performance requirements for hybrid microcircuits (hybrid integrated circuit), Multi-Chip Modules (MCM) and, similar devices and the verification and validation requirements for ensuring that these devices meet the applicable performance requirements. Verification is accomplished through the use of one of two quality programs. The main body of this specification describes the performance requirements and the requirements for obtaining a Qualified Manufacturers List (QML) listing. The appendices of this specification are intended for guidance to aid a manufacturer in developing their verification program. Detail requirements, specific characteristics, and other provisions that are sensitive to the particular intended use should be specified in the applicable device acquisition specification.
The intent of this specification is to allow the device manufacturer the flexibility to implement best commercial practices to the maximum extent possible while still providing a product which meets the military performance needs. Devices that are compliant to this specification are those that are capable of meeting the verification requirements outlined herein; and are built on a manufacturing line which is controlled by the manufacturer's quality management program and has been certified and qualified in accordance with the requirements herein. The certification and qualification requirements outlined herein are the requirements to be met by a manufacturer to be listed on the QML. The manufacturer may modify, substitute or delete the tests and inspections defined herein. This is accomplished by baselining a flow of tests and inspections that will assure that the devices are capable of meeting the generic verifications provided in this specification. This does not necessarily mean that compliant devices have been subjected to the generic performance verifications provided in this specification, just that compliant devices are capable of meeting them. It is the manufacturer's responsibility to ensure that their devices are capable of meeting the generic performance verifications applicable to each specified product assurance level.

</doc>
<doc id="19066024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066024" title="Aleksandrov-Kalinin AK-1">
Aleksandrov-Kalinin AK-1

__NOTOC__
The Aleksandrov-Kalinin AK-1 was a prototype airliner built in the Soviet Union in the early 1920s, designed as part of a project by TsAGI to investigate low-cost construction techniques and to verify calculation models for thick-section airfoils. It was a high-wing, strut-braced monoplane of conventional design, powered by a single engine in the nose. Two passengers could be carried in an enclosed cabin in the fuselage, while a separate enclosed cockpit was provided for the pilot, plus a co-pilot or additional passenger. Construction was wooden throughout.
The aircraft was assembled at the GAZ-5 factory during 1923 and flight testing began in February the following year. Money for the project had been donated by the Latvian Riflemen, and the AK-1 was named "Латышский стрелок" (Latyshskii Strelok - "Latvian Sharpshooter") in recognition. Following flight tests, it was handed over to Dobrolyot, who used it on a route between Moscow and Kazan. In 1925, it was used in a propaganda flight from Moscow to Beijing and other Chinese cities, flying in 38 days.

</doc>
<doc id="19066027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066027" title="Pastoral Group">
Pastoral Group

Pastoral Group is the name of a breed Group of dogs, used by kennel clubs (primarily The Kennel Club) to classify a defined collection of dog breeds and does not refer to one particular type of dog. The international kennel club association, the Fédération Cynologique Internationale, does not have a "Pastoral Group", and includes most pastoral dogs in Group 1 "Sheepdogs and Cattle Dogs (except Swiss Cattle Dogs)".
Pastoral dogs.
A pastoral breed is any type of dog bred to work livestock. It may refer to herding or guardian type dogs.
Pastoral Group breeds.
The Kennel Club (UK) defines the Pastoral Group as including dog breeds originally kept for "working cattle, sheep, reindeer and other cloven footed animals".
Breeds included in The Kennel Club's Pastoral Group include:

</doc>
<doc id="19066030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066030" title="Angus Fulton">
Angus Fulton

Angus Anderson Fulton (10 January 1900–21 June 1983) was a British civil engineer.
Fulton was born in Motherwell, Lanarkshire, Scotland on 10 January 1900. His father was an associate member of the Institution of Civil Engineers (ICE) for more than 50 years and Angus followed in his footsteps to become a civil engineer. Fulton was educated at the High School of Dundee, and the University of St Andrews where he was a cadet in the senior division of the Officer Training Corps. Following his graduation in 1922 with a Bachelor of Science degree he was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant into the 51st (Highland) Division engineers section of the Territorial Army Royal Engineers.
Fulton was elected president of the ICE for the November 1969 to November 1970 session. He was awarded an honorary Doctor of Laws degree by the University of Dundee on 6 July 1970. Fulton was involved with many institutions and was elected a fellow of the Institution of Civil Engineers, the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, the Institution of Electrical Engineers and the Royal Society of Edinburgh. In addition he was also elected a member of the Smeatonian Society of Civil Engineers in 1972. Fulton was appointed as Commander of the Order of the British Empire. He died at Inveresk, Mid-Lothian, Scotland on 21 June 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19066038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066038" title="Cybernetic Serendipity">
Cybernetic Serendipity

Cybernetic Serendipity was an exhibition of cybernetic art curated by Jasia Reichardt, shown at the Institute of Contemporary Arts, London in 1968, and then touring the United States.
Content.
One part of the exhibition was concerned with algorithms and devices for generating music. Some exhibits were pamphlets describing the algorithms, whilst others showed musical notation produced by computers. Devices made musical effects and played tapes of sounds made by computers. Peter Zinovieff lent part of his studio equipment - visitors could sing or whistle a tune into a microphone and his equipment would improvise a piece of music based on the tune.
Another part described "computer projects" such as Gustav Metzger's self-destructive "Five screens with computer", a design for a new hospital, a computer programmed structure, and dance choreography.
The machines and installations were a very noticeable part of the exhibition. Gordon Pask produced a collection of large mobiles with interacting parts that let the viewers join in the conversation. Many machines formed kinetic environments or displayed moving images. Bruce Lacey contributed his radio-controlled robots and a light-sensitive owl. Nam June Paik was represented by "Robot K-456" and televisions with distorted images. Jean Tinguely provided two of his painting machines. Edward Ihnatowicz's biomorphic hydraulic ear turned toward sounds and John Billigsey's "Albert 1967" turned to face light. Wen-Ying Tsai presented his interactive cybernetic sculptures of vibrating stainless-steel rods, stroboscopic light, and audio feedback control. Several artists exhibited machines that drew patterns that the visitor could take away, or involved visitors in games. Cartoonist Rowland Emett designed the mechanical computer "Forget-me-not", which was commissioned by Honeywell.
Another section explored the computer's ability to produce text - both essays and poetry. Different programs produced Haiku, children's stories, and physics essays.
Computer generated movies were represented by John Whitney's "permutations" and a Bell Labs movie on their technology for producing movies. Some samples included images of teseracts rotating in four dimensions, a satellite orbiting the earth, and an animated data structure.
Computer graphics were also represented, including pictures produced on cathode ray oscilloscopes and digital plotters. There was a variety of posters and graphics demonstrating the power of computers to do complex (and apparently random) calculations. Other graphics showed a simulated Mondrian and the iconic decreasing squares spiral that appeared on the exhibition's poster and book. The Boeing Corporation exhibited their use of wireframe graphics.
Attendance.
"TIME" magazine noted that there had been 40,000 visitors to the London exhibition. Other reports suggested visitor numbers were as high as 44,000 to 60,000. However, ICA did accurately count visitors.
After-Effects.
The exhibition provided the energy for the formation of British Computer Arts Society which continued to explore the interaction between science, technology and art, and put on exhibitions (for example "Event One" at the Royal College of Art ).

</doc>
<doc id="19066039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066039" title="Shoshana Arbeli-Almozlino">
Shoshana Arbeli-Almozlino

Shoshana Arbeli-Almozlino (, born 26 January 1926) is a former Israeli politician who served as Minister of Health between 1986 and 1988.
Biography.
Born in Mosul in Iraq, Arbeli-Almozlino, sister of Zabari Benjamin, studied to be a teacher before making aliyah to Mandate Palestine in 1947. In 1948 she joined Ahdut HaAvoda and became a member of the secretariat of the party's Ramat Gan/Giv'atayim branch. Between 1952 and 1957 she worked as co-ordinator of the women's department of the Ramat Gan Labour Bureau, before serving as co-ordinator of the youth section from 1957 until 1959.
Between 1959 and 1966 she was a member of the secretariat of workers councils, and chaired its department of training and employment. She was also later a member of the Histadrut council and the council of the Na'amat women's organisation.
She missed out on election to the Knesset on the Alignment's list in 1965 (the Alignment being an alliance of Ahdut HaAvoda and Mapai), but entered the parliament in January 1966 after two Alignment MKs (Moshe Carmel and Haim Gvati resigned their seats). She was re-elected in 1969, 1973, 1977, 1981 and 1984. In September 1984 she was appointed Deputy Minister of Health. In the government formed in October 1986 she became Minister of Health, serving until the 1988 elections, in which she retained her seat, but lost her place in the cabinet. She lost her seat in the 1992 elections after 26 years in the Knesset.
Shoshana currently suffers from Alzheimer's Disease and lives in Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="19066040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066040" title="Dores">
Dores

Dores () is a village located on the south shore of Loch Ness, 10 km south west of the city of Inverness, in the Highland council area of Scotland.
The annual RockNess music festival takes place in fields to the north of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19066051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066051" title="Sułków, Opole Voivodeship">
Sułków, Opole Voivodeship

Sułków, pronounced: (), is a village in Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County, Gmina Baborów. 
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").

</doc>
<doc id="19066064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066064" title="Sir Henry Vane-Tempest, 2nd Baronet">
Sir Henry Vane-Tempest, 2nd Baronet

Sir Henry Vane-Tempest, 2nd Baronet (25 January 1771 – 1 August 1813) was a British politician.
Vane-Tempest was the son and heir of Reverend Sir Henry Vane, 1st Baronet and his wife, Frances, née Tempest. He was Member of Parliament for the City of Durham from 1794 to 1800, replacing his uncle John Tempest from whom he inherited the Tempest estates in County Durham (notably Wynyard and Brancepeth) upon condition he adopt the name and arms of Tempest. He accepted the Chiltern Hundreds in 1800 before returning to Parliament as representative for the County Durham from 1807 until his death from apoplexy in 1813. He was appointed High Sheriff of Antrim in 1805.
Vane-Tempest inherited his father's baronetcy in 1794. On 25 April 1799, he married Anne MacDonnell, 2nd Countess of Antrim and they had one child, Lady Frances Anne Vane-Tempest (1800–1865), who married Lord Charles Stewart (later Marquess of Londonderry). On his death the baronetcy became extinct. He is buried at Long Newton.
Vane-Tempest was a renowned sportsman of his day, owning the celebrated racehorse "Hambletonian". In a match with Mr. Cookson's "Diamond" over the Beacon Course at Newmarket in 1799, Hambletonian won by a neck, Sir Henry having wagered 3,000 guineas on the outcome. The aftermath is the subject of George Stubbs' painting ""Hambletonian Rubbing Down"".

</doc>
<doc id="19066075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066075" title="Minister for Water and Power (Pakistan)">
Minister for Water and Power (Pakistan)

The Minister for Water and Power heads the Ministry of Water and Power. The following is the list of all the previous Water and Power ministers of Pakistan to date.

</doc>
<doc id="19066089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066089" title="Marko Asell">
Marko Asell

Marko Asell (born May 8, 1970) is a Finnish wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling. He was also a politician and member of Finnish Parliament in 2007–2011.
Olympics.
Asell competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta where he received a silver medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "welterweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19066121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066121" title="Granite Freeman">
Granite Freeman

The Granite Freeman was an abolitionist newspaper published from 1844 to 1846 in Concord, New Hampshire by Joseph E. Hood. Initially published as the "Family Visitor", it was merged into the "Independent Democrat". It served as a house organ of the Liberty Party before the latter's disappearance into the Free Soil Party in 1848. Hood eventually ended up working for "The Republican" of Springfield, Massachusetts.
The "Granite Freeman" is best remembered for the publication of remembrances of Oney Judge concerning her servitude in the household of George Washington, from whom she escaped in 1796.

</doc>
<doc id="19066122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066122" title="Cruise Lines International Association">
Cruise Lines International Association

Cruise Lines International Association (CLIA) is an association of cruise lines. It merged with International Council of Cruise Lines (ICCL) in 2006, forming an expanded organization incorporating the existing functions of both organizations. The merged organization, which uses the CLIA name, relocated to Fort Lauderdale, Florida in January 2007 while maintaining a satellite office in Washington, D.C.
Federal Lobbying.
Budd Darr, the organization's Senior Vice President of Technical and Regulatory Affairs, told CNN that CLIA spent almost $10 million lobbying in Washington D.C. from 2004 to 2011. Lobbying efforts have focused on issues like vessel sanitation and passenger safety. 
CLIA Member Lines.
As of February 2012, 26 cruise lines, constituting over 97 percent of North American cruise capacity, were members of Cruise Lines International Association, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19066127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066127" title="Marshall Rohner">
Marshall Rohner

Marshall Lambert Rohner (December 20, 1963, Iowa – October 18, 2005, Yucca Valley, California) was a guitarist whose credits include: T.S.O.L., The Cruzados, Jimmy and The Mustangs, Kenny Brown and Dino's Revenge. 
Rohner appeared in several videos in the early MTV days including "Live at the Ritz" with the Cruzados. 
Rohner was born in Iowa to Barbara Flaig and Lambert Rohner. However, Rohner spent most of his life in southern California.
His film credits include Road House starring Patrick Swayze, Kelly Lynch, Sam Elliott, Ben Garraza and John Doe of X. He was also featured in Voyage of the Rock Aliens starring Pia Zadora where he played "Dino" which is believed to be the origin of his band's name "Dino's Revenge." Dino’s Revenge included legendary blues guitarist Hollywood Fats, Kevan Hill (The Twisters), Butch Acevedo (L.T.D., Tina Turner) and Steven Ameche (Philip Bailey, Gary US Bonds).
Rohner had a reputation for being a very likeable person and was very popular among his fellow musicians. He was known to keep a picture of his two children, Jeffrey and Lacey, taped to the back of his amplifier during performances.
In the 1980s Rohner began experimenting with intravenous drugs. Rohner's drug use led him to several arrests, imprisonment and eventually AIDS. Rohner died on October 18, 2005 of AIDS-related causes.

</doc>
<doc id="19066129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066129" title="Mikey Spice">
Mikey Spice

Michael Theophilus Johnson (born July 21, 1965, Kingston, Jamaica), better known as Mikey Spice, is a Jamaican reggae singer.
Biograghy.
Spice sang in his father's church from age seven, and learned to play guitar, bass, drums, trumpet, piano, saxophone, flute, and harp as a youngster. Spice began a career as a reggae musician in 1985. One of his best-known singles was a cover of Barry White's "Practice What You Preach".

</doc>
<doc id="19066138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066138" title="Boguchwałów">
Boguchwałów

Boguchwałów , is a village in Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County, Gmina Baborów. It lies approximately west of Baborów, south-east of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").

</doc>
<doc id="19066198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066198" title="Wendell L. Griffin">
Wendell L. Griffin

Major General Wendell Lee Griffin, USAF, is a retired American Air Force officer who served as the Chief of Safety of the United States Air Force from 2007 to 2009.
Maj. Gen. Griffin is rated Command pilot with 4,200 flight hours minimum flying time.
His awards and decorations include the Air Force Distinguished Service Medal, the Defense Superior Service Medal with oak leaf cluster and the Legion of Merit with oak leaf cluster.

</doc>
<doc id="19066214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066214" title="Arthur Lindfors">
Arthur Lindfors

Arthur Lindfors (17 March 1893 – 21 September 1977) was a Finnish wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Lindfors competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp where he received a silver medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "middleweight" class. He received a second silver medal at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19066215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066215" title="Dziećmarów">
Dziećmarów

Dziećmarów is a village in Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County, Gmina Baborów. It lies approximately north of Baborów, east of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").

</doc>
<doc id="19066232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066232" title="Great Wratting">
Great Wratting

Great Wratting is a village and civil parish in England, about four miles from Haverhill, Suffolk, in the valley of the River Stour. There is a ford across the Stour in the centre of the village, where bathing and fishing are common pursuits. The river here is heavily populated by crayfish, a non native species long since escaped from farms near the mouth of the Stour.
Etymology.
The origins of the name of the village are uncertain. There is a Little Wratting nearby, and a West Wratting about ten miles away. On its website, the Great Wratting Parish Council says "the village was known in the Dark Ages as Wraet Ing - Ing meaning ‘place’ and Wraet ‘madder’. The plant Madder was crucial to our ancestors as a dying agent, the only real source of the colour red, and it was to Great Wratting early medieval East Anglians would come when they wanted to wear or sell red clothes." Others theories suggest the name originated in the process of candlemaking, where "wratting" refers to part of the process of preparing tallow, or that the name may refer to catching rats.
History.
Many of the older houses in the village were once estate cottages on the Thurlow Estate, now owned by the Vestey family, and date to the 16th century or earlier. A large proportion are thatched, mostly with traditional Suffolk straw thatch, but with some Norfolk reed thatch. The village boasts a vibrant and successful pub, the Red Lion, a thriving Anglican church, St Mary's, and a church room purchased by the village which is used for meetings and concerts. The old vicarage, the old school and the old post office are now - long since - family homes, as are the old forge (which has also been the old Bell pub). 
The village is well known for its large and hugely successful annual summer fete - held either at Great Wratting Hall or Rook Tree Farm on the first Saturday in June. A local silver band plays all afternoon and people attend from miles around. The village also has a well attended carol service and festival of readings on the Friday before Christmas. The flint walled church is Saxon in origin, its interior Victorian but with a wooden rood screen which was possibly put in by W H Smith of book-selling fame (once a resident of the Hall).
Great Wratting was mentioned in the Domesday Book.
It lays claim to being the site of the battle where Boudica defeated the IXth Legion, a claim also made by a village in Essex.
Schools.
The nearest schools are the Church of England Primary in Thurlow, Samuel Ward Comprehensive, in Haverhill, and Barnardiston Hall, a private preparatory school at the far end of the Street.

</doc>
<doc id="19066272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066272" title="Babice, Opole Voivodeship">
Babice, Opole Voivodeship

Babice is a village in Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland (Głubczyce County, Gmina Baborów). It lies approximately west of Baborów, south-east of Głubczyce, and south of Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").

</doc>
<doc id="19066278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066278" title="Kalervo Rauhala">
Kalervo Rauhala

Kalervo Rauhala (born October 19, 1930) is a Finnish wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Rauhala competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki where he received a silver medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "middleweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19066284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066284" title="The Jamaica Observer">
The Jamaica Observer

The Jamaica Observer is a daily newspaper published in Kingston, Jamaica. The paper is owned by Butch Stewart, who chartered the paper in January 1993 as a competitor to Jamaica's oldest daily paper, "The Gleaner". Its founding editor is Desmond Allen who is its executive editor - operations. At the time, it became Jamaica's fourth national newspaper. It began as a weekly newspaper in March 1993, and in December 1994 it began daily publication. The paper moved to larger facilities as part of its tenth anniversary celebrations in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19066299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066299" title="Synagogues of Kraków">
Synagogues of Kraków

The synagogues of Kraków are an outstanding collection of monuments of Jewish sacred architecture unmatched anywhere in Poland. The seven main synagogues of the Jewish District of Kazimierz constitute the largest such complex in Europe next to Prague. It is a unique on the European scale religious complex prescribed on the list of UNESCO world heritage sites along with the entire city district in 1978, as the first ever. 
History.
Kraków was an influential centre of Jewish spiritual life before the outbreak of World War II, with all its manifestations of religious observance from Orthodox, to Chasidic and Reform flourishing side by side. There were at least ninety synagogues in Kraków active before the Nazi German invasion of Poland, serving its burgeoning Jewish community of 60,000–80,000 (out of the city's total population of 237,000), established since the early 12th century. Most synagogues of Kraków were ruined during World War II by the Nazis who despoiled them of all ceremonial objects, and used them as storehouses for ammunition, firefighting equipment, and as general storage facilities. The post-Holocaust Jewish population of the city had dwindled to about 5,900 before the end of 1940s, and by 1978, the number was further reduced in size to a mere 600 by some estimates. In recent time, thanks to the efforts of the local Jewish and Polish organizations including foreign financial aid from Akiva Kahane, many synagogues underwent major restorations, while others continue to serve as apartments.
Main synagogues.
The synagogues of Kraków represent virtually all European architectural styles of the past millennium, including Gothic, Renaissance, Baroque, Neoclassicism and Modernism. Among the most prominent are: the Old Synagogue, the High Synagogue, Remuh Synagogue, Wolf Popper Synagogue, Tempel Synagogue, Kupa Synagogue and the Izaak Jakubowicz Synagogue. At present, only two of them are still active, and only one serves as a house of prayer, the Remuh Synagogue.
The Old Synagogue on Szeroka Street, is the oldest Jewish house of prayer in Poland, built in 1407. Nowadays, the synagogue serves as the Jewish History Museum, a Division of the Historical Museum of Kraków. The exhibits are divided into four sections: synagogue furnishings and paraphernalia, Jewish rituals and festivals, the history of Kazimierz District, and the Holocaust. The museum features numerous items related to religious ceremonies, for example, candle holders, Chanukah and menorot lamps, covers for the Torah, parochot Holy Ark covers, tallit prayer shawls, and kippahs or yarmulkes. The museum holds also a considerable collection of books including 2,500 volumes of Hebrew manuscripts and prints. On the walls, there are original oil paintings on display made by Maurycy Gottlieb, Józef Mehoffer, Tadeusz Popiel, Jerzy Potrzebowski and Jonasz Stern.
The Remuh Synagogue () on the west side of Szeroka, currently the only functioning synagogue in the city, is perhaps the most interesting of all Kraków's synagogues, built along the old row houses ("kamienice"). It was founded in 1556 by a royal banker, Izrael (Isserl) son of Joseph, for his own son the great rabbi Moses Isserles also known as Remuh, who already in his youth was famed for his erudition. There are also a Remuh Cemetery named after him, and the mikvah. Located further down on Szeroka Street is the Synagogue of Wolf Popper, the father of Joachim Edler von Popper. It serves as an exhibition house, with artists in residence.
Equally notable are the High Synagogue on Kupa Street, built in 1556-1563 in a Romanesque style, and the Kupa Synagogue, founded in 1643 by the Jewish district’s kehilla (a municipal self-government) as foundation for the local kahal. The Isaak Jakubowicz Synagogue built in 1644, is located on Warszauera Street. The Tempel Synagogue on Miodowa Street, was designed in the 1860s, on the pattern of the Leopoldstädter Tempel in Vienna, at a time when Kraków was part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. On Józefa Street, there’s the Kowea Itim le-Tora House of Prayer built in 1810. It was once owned by the Society for the Study of the Torah hence its name.
List of Kraków synagogues by street name.
For list of Synagogues in alphabetical order, please use table-sort buttons.

</doc>
<doc id="19066321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066321" title="Czerwonków">
Czerwonków

Czerwonków is a village in Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County, Gmina Baborów. 
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").

</doc>
<doc id="19066334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066334" title="Brendan Sullivan">
Brendan Sullivan

Brendan V. Sullivan, Jr. (born March 11, 1942
, Providence, Rhode Island) is a senior partner of the law firm Williams & Connolly. Sullivan is probably best known for the role he served, in the late 1980s, as defense counsel for United States Marines Lieutenant-Colonel Oliver North in the wake of the Iran-Contra scandal. He also represented former Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Secretary Henry Cisneros, Walter Forbes, former chairman of Cendant Corporation, and a number of states against Microsoft.
Education and military career.
Sullivan is a graduate of Georgetown University, where he earned his B.A. in 1964 and J.D. in 1967. He served as a Captain in the United States Army from 1968 to 1969.
Career.
Sullivan received international media attention in his role as defense counsel to Iran-Contra affair figure Oliver North. During the ensuing congressional hearings, chairman Daniel Inouye suggested that North should speak for himself, because he had wearied of Sullivan's constant objections to questions put to North. Sullivan responded, "Well, sir, I'm not a potted plant. I'm here as the lawyer. That's my job." He also sued Microsoft, on behalf of nine state attorneys general who were unhappy with the federal government's decision to drop the Microsoft antitrust case. He also represented the four Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) agents involved in the controversial 1992 Ruby Ridge shootout. He defended former Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Henry Cisneros against accusations of making false statements to the FBI during a background check. He is the attorney for billionaire chipmaker Henry Nicholas, the founder of Broadcom, who in June, 2008, was charged with violations of both securities and narcotics law. The "Washington Post" has described Sullivan as a "world class lawyer." He defended U.S. Senator Ted Stevens, in the federal grand jury and court proceedings on seven counts of failing to properly report gifts, leading to the Attorney General's dismissal of the indictment during the appeal process.
Popular Culture.
Minneapolis band Beat the Clock featured a song on their 1992 Funk Bus album called Brendan V. about Sullivan's role in the Oliver North trial.

</doc>
<doc id="19066337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066337" title="201 Squadron (Portugal)">
201 Squadron (Portugal)

201 Squadron ""Falcões"" ("Esquadra 201") is a fighter squadron of the Portuguese Air Force, operating the F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Roles and missions.
201 Sqn has as its primary mission the execution of air defense operations and conventional attack:
History.
The origins of 201 Squadron "Falcões" date back to 50 Squadron ""Falcões"", based at Ota (then designated Air Base 2), operating the F-86F Sabre. On September 11, 1958 the squadron's designation was changed to 51 Squadron and it was later transferred to Air Base 5, in Monte Real, on October 4, 1959.
On August 15, 1961, eight F-86F fighters were deployed to Guinea-Bissau until October 1964, during which they flew 577 sorties, of which 430 were ground-attack missions.
From 1961 to 1970 51 Squadron also operated five T-33 AN Silver Star aircraft; having also operated the Fiat G-91 R4 from November 1965 to 1974. They were used in the transition of pilots operating in the Portuguese African colonies. From 1976 to 1980 the squadron additionally operated six T-38A Talon training aircraft which were transferred to 103 Squadron in July 1980.
In 1978 the 51 Squadron designation was changed to 201 Squadron.
The F-86F Sabre ended its service in the Portuguese Air Force officially with the deactivation of 201 Squadron on July 31, 1980.
In 1981, 302 Squadron, to which the missions of tactical air support for maritime operations (TASMO) and air interdiction were assigned, was activated and the squadron continued to serve with the traditions of the "Falcões" squadron.
201 Squadron was reactivated in October 1993, with aerial defense as its mission, the first F-16 Fighting Falcon arriving in June 1994. In 1997 the squadron initiated its qualification in air-to-ground missions and in July 1998 it was attributed the primary mission of air defense operations and close air support and air interdiction as secondary missions. In 1999, the tactical air support for maritime operations (TASMO) was also assigned as one of its secondary missions.

</doc>
<doc id="19066355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066355" title="Josh Logan (country singer)">
Josh Logan (country singer)

Josh Logan (born in Cartersville, Kentucky) is an American country music artist. He has recorded three albums, including one for the Curb Records label in 1988. This album, "Somebody Paints the Wall", included three chart singles, two of which were later released by other artists as well: the title track by Tracy Lawrence, and "I Was Born with a Broken Heart" by Aaron Tippin, who also co-wrote it. Logan released a second album, "Something Strange", in 1995, followed by "Cartersville, Kentucky Country Boy" in 2003.
Biography.
Josh Logan was born in Cartersville, Kentucky. As a teenager, he was taught guitar chords by his cousin. For twelve years, Logan worked at an auto salvage yard, performing nightly at local bars. Logan's musical inspirations were George Jones, Merle Haggard, and Mel Street, to whom he has been compared in vocal styling.
Eventually, Logan was signed to Curb Records, releasing his debut single "I Made You a Woman for Somebody Else", which was withdrawn when Conway Twitty recorded it. By 1988, Logan had released his first album "Somebody Paints the Wall." This album produced three chart singles, the highest-charting being "Every Time I Get to Dreamin'", which spent nine weeks on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles (now Hot Country Songs) charts and peaked at No. 58. Both it and its follow-up, "Somebody Paints the Wall", reached Top 40 on the "Cash Box" country charts as well. The latter song was also a Top 10 for Tracy Lawrence in 1992.
The album's success lead to tours with Garth Brooks and Earl Thomas Conley. The third and final single, "I Was Born with a Broken Heart", was co-written by Aaron Tippin, whose own version was later released as a single from his 1992 album "Read Between the Lines". David Ball also recorded the song on his 1989 self-titled debut, although this album was not released until 1994. Logan left Curb in the early 1990s, then he released an album called "Something Strange" in Europe in 1995. This album produced multiple singles on the European country singles charts, including two Top 20 hits.
Logan was honored in 2002 with a display at the Kentucky Music Hall of Fame in Renfro Valley, Kentucky. One year later, he released his third album, "Cartersville, Kentucky Country Boy", followed by "I Am What I Am" in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19066361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066361" title="Sylvester Houédard">
Sylvester Houédard

Dom (Pierre-)Sylvester Houédard (16 February 1924 – 15 January 1992), also known under the acronym dsh, was a Benedictine priest, theologian and noted concrete poet.
Life.
Born on Guernsey, Houédard was educated at Jesus College, Oxford. He served in British Army Intelligence from 1944 to 1947, and in 1949 joined the Benedictine Prinknash Abbey in Gloucestershire, being ordained as a priest in 1959.
Concrete poet.
Houédard was a leading exponent of concrete poetry, with regular contributions to magazines and exhibitions from the early 1960s onward. His elaborate, typewriter-composed visual poems ("typestracts") were scattered across many chapbooks, including "Kinkon" (1965) and "Tantric Poems Perhaps" (1966). Among his best-known works is the poem "Frog-Pond-Plop", his English rendition of a zen haiku by Matsuo Basho.
Bible translator.
Houédard became literary editor of the Jerusalem Bible in 1961.
Other interests.
Houédard cultivated an interest in multiple religious traditions; he wrote commentaries on Meister Eckhart and was a founder member of the Eckhart Society, as well as an honorary fellow of the Muhyiddin Ibn 'Arabi Society. He published a fair amount of literary criticism, often with eccentric typography, and corresponded widely with leading poets, artists, theologians and philosophers of the day, including Robert Graves, Edwin Morgan, Allen Ginsberg, William S. Burroughs, Jack Kerouac, Mark Boyle, John Blofeld, Michael Horovitz and Ian Hamilton Finlay.
dom sylvester houedard (dsh) collaborated with Filpino poet and artist David Medalla in a modern ballet entitled 'The Yellow Wrnkled Pea', inspired by the life and scientific discoveries of the monk Gregor Johsn Mendel; the modern ballet, choreographed by David Medalla, was performed by members of the Exploding Galaxy at Middle Earth in Covent Garden, London, in 1967. dsh c0ntributed a poem to Signals,the avant-garde newsbulleti by David Medalla in the sixties. dsh, David Medalla and Antonio Sena exhibited together at the Lisson Gallery in London in 1967. David Medalla curated the first solo exhibition by dsh (dom sylvester houedard) at Artists for Democracy's Fitzrovia Cultursl Centre, 143 Whitfield street, London W1, in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19066369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066369" title="Alan Walden">
Alan Walden

Alan Walden was born May 23, 1943 in Macon, Georgia to C.B. and Carolyn Walden. He is an American manager, publisher, booking agent, and promoter. 
He has worked with musical acts including Otis Redding, Sam & Dave, Percy Sledge, Johnnie Taylor, Clarence Carter, Arthur Conley, Al Green, Joe Tex, Z. Z. Hill, Candi Staton, Albert King, William Bell, Eddie Floyd, Etta James, Boz Scaggs, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Outlaws, and September Hase. He opened Redwal Music with his brother Phil Walden in 1965, publishing hit songs like "Respect", "I Can't Turn You Loose", "Sweet Soul Music", "I've Been Loving You Too Long", and "(Sittin' On) The Dock of the Bay". He also co-founded Capricorn Records with his brother and later went on to form Hustler's Inc., a management and publishing company.
He has two children from a previous marriage, Jessica and Georgeanna. He is currently married to model Tosha Walden and together they have one child, Christian.
History.
Early career and Capricorn Records.
Walden graduated from Lanier High School in Macon, Georgia in 1961. He was a sophomore at Mercer University in Macon when his older brother Phil Walden graduated from college and moved to Germany as a lieutenant in the US Army. He was made a full-time partner in Phil Walden Artists and Promotions, and handled the business affairs of the company until his brother returned in 1965. It was during this time that Walden managed up-and-coming artist Otis Redding and 44 other black recording artists, breaking racial barriers and helping the agency to become one of the largest black artist management companies in the South. In 1965, Redding, Walden, and his brother created Redwal Music, a publishing company to house such songs as "When a Man Loves a Woman", "(Sittin' On) The Dock of the Bay" and "Soul Man". All three of these songs went on to win awards for the number one Rhythm and Blues Single of the Year in Billboard, Cashbox, and Record World.
When Redding died suddenly in 1967, Walden, his brother and Frank Fenter founded Capricorn Records in Macon, the label that was responsible for bringing The Allman Brothers Band and Southern rock into mainstream America. During his stint with Capricorn, Walden signed blues rock singer and guitarist Boz Scaggs.
Hustler's Inc..
In 1970, Walden resigned from Capricorn and started Hustler's Inc, a publishing and management company. He auditioned 187 bands before settling on Lynyrd Skynyrd, the 13th band he'd seen. "I changed my lucky number from 5 to 13," Walden later said. Walden worked with Lynyrd Skynyrd until 1974, during which time he published the Southern Rock classics "Freebird", "Sweet Home Alabama", "Gimme Three Steps", and "Simple Man". During his time with Lynyrd Skynyrd, vocalist Ronnie Van Zant introduced Walden to up-and-coming Southern rock band Outlaws. Walden signed The Outlaws shortly before his separation with Lynyrd Skynyrd, and went on to get The Outlaws signed to Arista Records. He helped them achieve three gold records and one platinum record between 1974 and 1999, and published their hits "There Goes Another Love Song" and "Green Grass and High Tides".
Retirement and September Hase.
In 2003, Walden was inducted into the Georgia Music Hall of Fame for his contributions to music.
In 2008, at the urging of a friend that worked as a sound technician at the 550 Blues club in Macon, Walden set up an audition for local rock band September Hase with the intent of giving them pointers about the music industry. Upon seeing them perform, however, he was blown away by their talent and potential and felt that they had everything he'd been looking for in a band for the last 25 years. "The first time I heard them play, I literally cried," Walden later said. "I had tears going down my face." He immediately decided to come out of retirement to manage the band, and signed them at the Red Tomato restaurant in Macon in July 2008. In September 2009, Walden and September Hase amicably parted ways.
Complete List of Artists.
Walden has worked with the following artists:

</doc>
<doc id="19066395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066395" title="Melodic funk">
Melodic funk

Melodic funk (also known as funk melody) is a subgenre of freestyle and funk carioca.
History.
DJ Marlboro's radio show "Big Mix", broadcast since the 80s, has popularised a soft version of the underground baile funk songs. These soft versions formed a romantic sub-genre called melodic funk in Brazil, adding melodies and arrangements to the raw, beat-y funk tunes. Another artist famously known to explore and mix hip-hop and maracatu rhythm with techno beats, Chico Science. Before his death in 1997, he founded the rock band Nação Zumbi (Zumbi Nation) Some would say their music inspired the reinvention of Brazil's traditional music scene toward a more funk/hip-hop democratic scene in the late seventies and early eighties.

</doc>
<doc id="19066400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066400" title="Elizabeth Arnold (singer)">
Elizabeth Arnold (singer)

Elizabeth Arnold is a retired classical singer and member of the artistic community in Yorkshire, England. Along with her husband, retired Leeds businessman Olav Arnold, she has made many generous financial contributions to a number of arts organisations in northern England and sits on several boards of trustees.
Career.
Arnold is listed as an Honorary Patron of the "Northern Aldborough Festival"; she and her husband are also significant contributors to Opera North. The founding of the "Leeds Lieder Festival" would not have been possible without her initial contribution, and she remains active in the administration of that annual festival of classical song.
She also worked for several decades as an administrator for the Leeds Piano Competition, one of the most prestigious piano competitions in the world, which was started in 1961 by Dame Fanny Waterman and the former Countess of Harewood. For many years she served as the supervisor of Tetley Hall, formerly the residence for competitors.
The 2006 competition was Arnold's last as controller; her duties were assumed at the 2009 competition by Telsa Woolman.

</doc>
<doc id="19066402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066402" title="Non-Aligned News Agencies Pool">
Non-Aligned News Agencies Pool

The Non-Aligned News Agencies Pool (NANAP) was a cooperation system among news agencies of Non-Aligned countries, which lasted from 1975 to mid-1990s. The NANAP was initially led, funded, and supported by Yugoslavia's Tanjug, and gathered many state-owned news organizations, especially in Africa and Southern Asia.
It was also known by many different translations, such as the "News Agencies Pool of Non-Aligned Countries", the "Consorce of Non-Aligned News Agencies", and the "Common Agency of Non-Aligned Countries".
The NANAP was founded in late 1974 and started operations in January, 1975, initially with a series of wires with statements and congratulations by their supporting heads of state. The idea responded to many calls for a new balance in world news made since early 1970s by the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) during the debates for a New World Information and Communication Order (NWICO). Later, these discussions would be hosted by the UNESCO and would culminate in the approval of the MacBride Report in its 20th conference in Belgrade, 1980.
In the meantime, the NANAP operated as an international, collaborative, charges-free, and institutional cooperation between news agencies of the Third World. Its main goal was to provide their own mass media channels with news which would be unbiased — or, at most, biased with their own worldview — and offer a counter-hegemonical report on world news concerning developing nations.
Tanjug, specifically, had a leading role not only by hosting and lending equipment, technicians, and training journalists from underdeveloped, poorer countries, but also by taking into the system its own self-management model. Although the Pool had no official headquarters, most of the operations in the first years were held in Belgrade.
Other active agencies in the Non-Aligned Pool were the Maghreb Arabe Presse (of Morocco), Tunisian TAP, Iraq's INA and Iranian IRNA.
The NANAP began a slow decline after 1980, when NWICO talks were moved to the UN framework, under the UNESCO. But, after both the USA and the United Kingdom retreated their memberships from the organization, the initiative lost financial support and suffered a boycott by pro-free-market Western institutions.
Also in 1980, Marshal Tito died, and the new leaderships in Yugoslavia deviated focus to other priorities. In the same year, Iraq and Iran started their 8-years war and the NANAP was used as a mean by both INA and IRNA to circulate propaganda warfare.
Although mostly inactive, the Pool was officially led by IRNA until mid-1990s and then by Malaysia's Bernama until 2005, when a ministerial conference of Information by the Non-Aligned Movement called on the creation of a Non-Aligned News Network to resurrect the NANAP.

</doc>
<doc id="19066405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066405" title="List of Chicken Soup for the Soul books">
List of Chicken Soup for the Soul books

Chicken Soup for the Soul is a series of books, usually featuring a collection of short, inspirational stories and motivational essays. The 101 stories in the first book of the series were compiled by motivational speakers Jack Canfield and Mark Victor Hansen.
There have been numerous volumes of "Chicken Soup" issued. As of January 2006, there were over 105 titles. Many of the books are directed at specific groups of people.

</doc>
<doc id="19066417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066417" title="The Ripps">
The Ripps

The Ripps are an English alternative pop punk band from Coventry that formed in 2003. The band is made up of six members: Patch Lagunas (vocals, rhythm guitar), Raul Lagunas (lead guitar, backing vocals), Alan Ferguson (bass), Phil Cox (drums) Terry Muttitt (keys/synth) and Lolly Macintosh. The updated line up was formed in 2009 after previous drummer Rachel Butt left the then 3 piece band.
Biography.
Patch and Raul Lagunas, brothers whose parents escaped political persecution from General Pinochet in Chile, bring in Alan Ferguson, Phil Cox, Terry Muttitt and Lolly McIntosh to complete the new line-up.
In 2009 they were invited to support The Specials on their UK tour and were invited to play for the British Embassy in Kuwait in October 2009. 
2010 saw the band furiously writing and perfecting the new line-up ready for recording. During summer 2010 they have had extensive play on BBC Coventry & Warwickshire and BBC television. They have recently been used in adverts for the Channel 5 TV network. They have been continuing the spell of gigs. 
New material has been recorded ready to release in mid-2011. The band were featured in the stage show "Too Much Pressure" at the Belgrade Theatre in early 2011, writing and providing the music. They now are preparing for a tour and readying themselves for the album release.

</doc>
<doc id="19066421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066421" title="Księże Pole">
Księże Pole

Księże Pole , is a village in Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County, Gmina Baborów, Poland. It is approximately south of Baborów, south-east of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany the name: Knispel (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").

</doc>
<doc id="19066431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066431" title="Edward W. Veitch">
Edward W. Veitch

Edward W. Veitch is an American computer scientist. He graduated from Harvard University in 1946 with a degree in Physics, followed by graduate degrees from Harvard in Physics and Applied Physics in 1948 and 1949 respectively. In his 1952 paper "A Chart Method for Simplifying Truth Functions", Veitch described a graphical procedure for the optimization of logic circuits, a year later (1953) refined in a paper by Maurice Karnaugh into what is now known as the "Karnaugh map" method.
Recent comments on design.
Recently Veitch wrote about the development of the Veitch diagram and its interpretation, These comments are summarized here.
Years later (1999) Veitch discovered that Wikipedia had an article on the K-map. He read it and reread his 1952 paper. He realized that his old paper did not describe his method for finding simplification patterns. He now believes that the readers of his paper believed that he found simplifications by looking at the column and row labels while the K-map user found the simplification groups from a set of rules and then used the labels only to identify the groups.
Veitch also believes that a change he made in his diagram just before his presentation made it more difficult for the reader to realize his rules for finding simplification groups. 
The Original Veitch diagram.
It was known that one way to represent the function was as points on the corners of an n-dimensional cube. Two adjacent corners such as the two on the upper right could be defined as the upper right corners and the four corners on the front of the cube could be defined as the front corners. For four, five, or six variables the problem becomes more complicated.
How do we depict the multi-dimensional cube on a flat diagram that makes it easy to see these relationships? 
In a last minute change before his presentation Veitch removed the spacing between the 2x2 cell groups. This was a poor decision because it made it more difficult for the user to grasp the overall structure of the function, as well as the rules Veitch used in recognizing simplifications. Veitch learned recently from solving Suduko puzzles that spaces or heavy lines between groups of boxes can be very helpful especially if one has poor eyesight, such as Veitch now has.

</doc>
<doc id="19066513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066513" title="Ricardo Castro">
Ricardo Castro

Ricardo Castro Herrera (Rafael de la Santísima Trinidad Castro Herrera) (7 February 1864, Hacienda de santa Bárbara, Durango – 27 November 1907, Mexico City) was a Mexican concert pianist and composer, considered the last romantic of the time of Porfirio Díaz.
Life.
Castro's father, Vicente Castro, was a deputy congressman; his mother was María de Jesús Herrera. Castro began his music education with Pedro H. Ceniseros. In 1879 his family moved to Mexico City where the boy entered the National Conservatory of Music and studied piano with Juan Salvatierra and Julio Ituarte, He studied harmony and counterpoint with Melesio Morales. He finished all his studies just in 5 years, half of the usual 10. He graduated in 1883.
Castro began his musical career as a concert pianist and composer before finishing his studies. In 1882, he won two prizes. At 19, Castro finished his First Symphony in C Minor; the symphony was premiered in 1988, 81 years after his death.
In 1883 the Government of Mexico chose some of Castro's works to send to Venezuela for the Simon Bolivar centenary and later in 1884 he made a concert tour through United States.
1896 was the year of the first premiere of the first act of Castro's opera "Atzimba". The second act is lost.
Castro received a scholarship from the Government of Mexico and went to Europe from 1903 to 1906 to give master classes in conservatories in Paris, Brussels, Rome, Milan and Leipzig. He published in Paris many Mexican dances for piano in the Habanera style. He studied with Teresa Carreño while in Europe.
When he returned to Mexico he was appointed music director of the National Conservatory of Music by Justo Sierra and kept that work until he died of pneumonia in January 1907.
Castro's music for piano tends to be very colourful and sentimental with a kind of virtuosity in the style of Liszt. He often connects many musical themes in brilliant passages of virtuosity.

</doc>
<doc id="19066541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066541" title="Gimenells i el Pla de la Font">
Gimenells i el Pla de la Font

Gimenells i el Pla de la Font is a municipality in Segrià, Catalonia, Spain. It is found at and 260 metres above mean sea level. It has an area of 55.8 square kilometres and in 2007 had a population of 1,143. The Mayor is Albert Aldavert Ferriz.
References.
"In Spanish or Catalan..."
Municipal Website
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19066574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066574" title="NATO–Russia relations">
NATO–Russia relations

NATO-Russian relations are relations between the NATO military alliance and Russia. Cooperation between Russia and NATO started in 1991. In 1994 Russia joined the Partnership for Peace programme. During the 1990s, the two sides signed several important agreements on cooperation.
The Russia–NATO council was created in 2002, for handling security issues and joint projects. Cooperation between Russia and NATO now develops in several main sectors: fighting terrorism, military cooperation, cooperation on Afghanistan (including transportation by Russia of non-military ISAF freight, and fighting the local drug production), industrial cooperation, non-proliferation, and others.
Dmitry Rogozin holds the office of the Russian envoy to NATO.
Early cooperation (1991–2002).
Formal contacts and cooperation between Russia and NATO started in 1991, within the framework of the North Atlantic Cooperation Council (later renamed Euro-Atlantic Partnership Council) and were further deepened as Russia joined the Partnership for Peace programme on June 22, 1994.
On 27 May 1997, at 1997 Paris NATO summit, sides signed a Founding Act on Mutual Relations, Cooperation and Security, a road map for future NATO-Russia cooperation. Both sides state they do not see each other as adversaries, and have political commitment to cooperate at creating "lasting and inclusive" peace in Euro-Atlantic area.
NATO–Russia Council.
The NATO-Russia Council was created on 28 May 2002 during the 2002 NATO Summit in Rome. The council has been an official diplomatic tool for handling security issues and joint projects between NATO and Russia, involving "consensus-building, consultations, joint decisions and joint actions." 
"Joint decisions and actions", taken under NATO-Russia Council agreements, include fighting terrorism, military cooperation (joint military exercises and personnel training), cooperation on Afghanistan (Russia providing training courses for anti-narcotics officers from Afghanistan and Central Asia countries in cooperation with the UN), transportation by Russia of non-military freight in support of NATO's ISAF in Afghanistan, industrial cooperation, cooperation on defence interoperability, non-proliferation, and other areas.
Because NATO and Russia have similar ambitions and mutual challenges, the NATO-Russia Council is seen by both sides as effective at building diplomatic agreements between all parties involved since 2002. The heads of state for NATO Allies and Russia gave a positive assessment of NATO-Russia Council achievements in a Bucharest summit meeting in April 2008, though both sides have expressed mild discontent with the lack of actual content resulting from the council. In January 2009, the Russian envoy to NATO Dmitry Rogozin said the NATO-Russia council was "a body where scholastic discussions were held." A US official shared this view, stating: "We want now to structure cooperation more practically, in areas where you can achieve results, instead of insisting on things that won't happen."
Conflicts of interests.
Georgia war and recognition of South Ossetia and Abkhazia.
Relations between Russia and NATO became strained in summer 2008 due to Georgia's action in South Ossetia. Later the North Atlantic Council condemned Russia for recognizing the South Ossetia and Abkhazia regions of Georgia as independent states. The Secretary General of NATO claimed that Russia's recognition of Abkhazia and South Ossetia violated numerous UN Security Council resolutions, including resolutions endorsed by Russia. Russia, in turn, insisted the recognition was taken basing on the situation on the ground, and was in line with the UN Charter, the CSCE Helsinki Final Act of 1975 and other fundamental international law.
Relations were further strained in May 2009 when NATO expelled two Russia diplomats over accusations of spying. It has also added to the tension already created by proposed NATO military exercises in Georgia, as the Russian President Dmitri Medvedev said,
"The planned NATO exercises in Georgia, no matter how one tries to convince us otherwise, are an overt provocation. One cannot carry out exercises in a place where there was just a war."
In front of the Russian Parliamentary elections in 2011, President Dimitri Medvedev was also quoted as saying that had Russia not joined the 2008 South Ossetia war, NATO would have expanded further eastward.
Future enlargement plans of NATO to Ukraine and Georgia.
The Russian Government believes plans to expand NATO to Ukraine and Georgia may negatively affect European security. Likewise, Russians are mostly strongly opposed to any eastward expansion of NATO. The former President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev stated in 2008 that "no country would be happy about a military bloc to which it did not belong approaching its borders".
NATO Missile defence.
The Russian Government says that a US proposed missile defence system in Poland and in the Czech Republic could threaten its own defences. The Russian Space Forces commander, Colonel General Vladimir Popovkin stated in 2007 that "trajectories of Iranian or Korean missiles would hardly pass anywhere near the territory of the Czech republic, but every possible launch of Russian ICBM from the territory of the European Russia, or made by Russian Northern Fleet would be controlled by the [radar station".
Russia has also warned against moving defensive missiles to Turkey's border with Syria.
Position of the NATO Secretary General.
In September 2009 speech NATO Secretary General Anders Rasmussen stated, that NATO and Russia are going to cooperate on such issues as the fight against terrorism and non-proliferation of WMDs. With that, NATO is going to stay and to continue its "open doors" policy:
Current relations.
Despite consistently being at odds, in December 2009 NATO approached Russia for help in Afghanistan, requesting permission for the alliance to fly cargo (including possibly military ones) over Russian territory to Afghanistan, and to provide more helicopters for the Afghan armed forces. Russia has so far denied these requests, although it has continued to allow transit of non-military supplies through its territory.
In April 2009, the Polish Foreign Minister, Radosław Sikorski, suggested including Russia in NATO. In March 2010 this suggestion was repeated in an open letter co-written by German defense experts General Klaus Naumann, Frank Elbe, Ulrich Weisser, and former German Defense Minister Volker Rühe. In the letter it was suggested that Russia was needed in the wake of an emerging multi-polar world in order for NATO to counterbalance emerging Asian powers.
However current Russian leadership has made it clear that Russia does not plan to join the alliance, preferring to keep cooperation on a lower level now. The Russian envoy to NATO, Dmitry Rogozin, is quoted as saying "Great powers don't join coalitions, they create coalitions. Russia considers itself a great power," although he said that Russia did not rule out membership at some point in the future. In March 2000 president Vladimir Putin, in interview to British television said Russia could once join NATO.
On 6 June 2011, NATO and Russia participated in their first ever joint fighter jet exercise, dubbed "Vigilant Skies 2011". Since the Cold War, this is only the second joint military venture between the alliance and Russia, with the first being a joint submarine exercise which begun on 30 May 2011.
In April 2012 there were some protests in Russia over their country's involvement with NATO, mostly made up of Ultranationalist and Pro Leftist groups.
Reuters reported in February 2014 that Russia and NATO were drawing up plans to jointly guard the as it is used to dismantle Syrian chemical weapons.
In the beginning of March 2014, tensions began flaring between NATO and Russia as Russian troops moved into Crimea to 'protect' the Sevastopol naval base. NATO condemned Russia's actions as a violation of Ukraine's sovereignty.

</doc>
<doc id="19066576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066576" title="Dzielów">
Dzielów

Dzielów () is a village in south-western Poland, in Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County, Gmina Baborów. It lies approximately south-east of Baborów, south-east of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").

</doc>
<doc id="19066631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066631" title="Ferry Eyot">
Ferry Eyot

Ferry Eyot or Ferry Ait is an island in the River Thames in England near the villages of Shiplake, Oxfordshire and Wargrave, Berkshire. It is on the reach above Marsh Lock.
The island is named after Bolney Ferry which operated across the river at this point carrying barge horses across to the towpath on the opposite side. This was recorded as being a rope ferry in 1775, and the name for this spot then was Beggar's Hole (or Hall) - deriving from one of the seven halls of Harpsden House which was demolished at the end of the eighteenth century.

</doc>
<doc id="19066632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066632" title="Marcus Marshall (footballer)">
Marcus Marshall (footballer)

Marcus Joseph Lewis Marshall (born 7 October 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays as a winger for League Two side Morecambe.
He has previously played for Blackburn Rovers where he came through the club's youth academy but only made one League Cup appearance. He also went on to play for Rotherham United, Macclesfield Town, Bury and Grimsby Town.
Career.
Blackburn Rovers.
Marshall was a youth product of Premier League side Blackburn Rovers. He was added to the club's first team squad in August 2008 ahead of the 2008–09 season. On 27 August 2008 Sam Allardyce handed him his first team debut when he came on as a 76th minute substitute for Morten Gamst Pedersen in a 4–1 victory over Grimsby Town in the 1st Round of the League Cup. The game would be Marshall's only outing for the Blackburn first team and he spent the rest of the campaign in the reserves.
Rotherham United.
On 23 January 2010, Marshall was signed on a month's emergency loan by Rotherham United. On 30 June, Marshall became a free agent when it was confirmed he would not be offered a new contract by Blackburn. He agreed to join Rotherham permanently on 1 July. Marshall scored his first career goal in Rotherham's 4–1 League Cup First Round defeat to Peterborough United.
His first competitive league goal eventually came in a 2–2 draw with Northampton Town on 23 November 2010. He joined fellow League Two side Macclesfield Town on a one-month emergency loan in January 2012, and was released by Rotherham in May 2012.
Bury.
On 3 July 2012, Marshall joined League One club Bury. In November 2012, he joined Grimsby Town on loan. Having impressed during his loan spell, Grimsby joint-managers Rob Scott and Paul Hurst admitted their intentions to extend Marshall's stay at Blundell Park. On 31 December 2012, Marshall extended his loan deal until the end of the 2012–13 season. On 21 January 2013, Bury recalled Marshall from his loan spell, admist speculation of a bid from rivals Luton Town which if confirmed would make him the second Grimsby loanee to be poached by Luton during the 2013 January transfer window. Grimsby joint-manager Rob Scott said of the matter "We're fighting to keep Marcus but the offer that Luton have put in is ridiculous really. The amount of money that they've offered for him when he's out contract at the end of the season is ridiculous, but that's their business."
On 24 January 2013 it was revealed that despite Bury and Luton agreeing a fee, Marshall had rejected a move to Luton paving the way to a potential return to Grimsby. On 25 January 2013 Marshall re-signed for Grimsby on loan for the remainder of the season. On 29 January 2013, less than a week after rejecting Luton he scored the third goal against them in Grimsby's 3–0 FA Trophy quarter final victory.
Morecambe.
On 19 June 2013 Marshall signed a two year deal with Morecambe.

</doc>
<doc id="19066685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066685" title="Kathryn Reynolds">
Kathryn Reynolds

Kathryn Reynolds is an American film and television actress.
Career.
She was active, almost exclusively in television, from the early 1970s through the mid-1980s. Reynolds is perhaps best known for her appearance as Claire in five episodes of "Soap", a situation-comedy television series.
Television work.
She appeared in fifteen television productions including:
Filmography.
Reynolds's only film credit is her appearance as Bath Attendant in "Swashbuckler" (also known as "Scarlet Buccaneer)" (1976), a romantic-comedy, adventure film.

</doc>
<doc id="19066740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066740" title="Micke Grove Zoo">
Micke Grove Zoo

Micke Grove Zoo is a small zoo that opened in 1957 in Lodi, California. It is located within Micke Grove Regional Park, which includes a Japanese garden, the San Joaquin Historical Museum, an amusement park, and picnic shelters.
History.
In 1938, the Micke family donated the oak tree park to the county of San Joaquin. The zoo opened in 1957 and Ronald Theodore Reuther was its first curator.
Currently, it is home to native animals and exotic species, some of which are endangered, and was at one point the smallest zoo accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums. However, the zoo lost its accreditation in April 2006 due to aging exhibits and cramped veterinarian space. While the veterinarian space has been expanded and the department supported by the University of California at Davis Veterinary Teaching Hospital, many exhibits are still in need of expansion.
Animals.
Included in the current collection are a variety of non-releasable raptors, tortoises, and a variety of lemurs, and with an expansion currently underway snow leopards and Oriental small-clawed otters, originally planned to be added in 2010; however the economic crisis has halted the construction midway and it has been postponed. Many endangered primates and birds can also be found at the zoo, including parrots and tortoises from Madagascar.
Education.
Educational programs are funded by the county with some support from the Micke Grove Zoological Society. Important programs include 6 weeks of private zoo camp offered for San Joaquin County charter school students, and 5 weeks of public zoo camp; Animal Discovery Tours, and off-site Zoo to You programs.
Contact the Micke Grove Zoo education department for more information.

</doc>
<doc id="19066770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066770" title="Pakistan Small and Medium Enterprise Development Authority">
Pakistan Small and Medium Enterprise Development Authority

Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) 
In 2002 President of Pakistan promulgated a Presidential Ordinance (No. XXXIX OF 2002) for the assortment of the Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority as an autonomous body under the Federal Government of Pakistan for encouraging and facilitating the development and growth of small and medium enterprises in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19066772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066772" title="Richard Connor">
Richard Connor

Richard Connor is a diver from the United States and Olympic bronze medalist. He represented his native country at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, where he received a bronze medal.
Connor attended the University of Southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="19066789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066789" title="Football 7-a-side at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Football 7-a-side at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Football 7-a-side at the 2000 Summer Paralympics consisted of a men's event with eight teams competing.

</doc>
<doc id="19066812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066812" title="Journal of Law and Commerce">
Journal of Law and Commerce

The Journal of Law and Commerce is a law review published by an independent student group at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law, focusing on domestic and international commercial and business law. The journal is published biannually, with recent issues available online. Its Bluebook abbreviation is "J.L. & Com."
Founded in 1980, the journal's focus on commercial, business, tax, and corporate law reflects the law school's interests in those areas. The journal dedicates a portion of each volume to issues regarding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Due to the international nature of this research, the journal translates these issues into several languages.

</doc>
<doc id="19066838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066838" title="Carnegie Floodlit Nines">
Carnegie Floodlit Nines

Carnegie Floodlit Nines is a rugby league nines event held at Headingley Stadium in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. The same stadium hosted the Headingley Sevens, rugby league sevens tournament from 1965-78. The old BBC2 Floodlit Trophy is awarded to the winner of the competition.
2008 Event.
The first Carnegie Nines event was held on Wednesday August 27, 2008 in front of a crowd of 2,232 spectators. The tournament featured a mixture of professional sides from England along with representative sides from the British Army, Cumbria, Fiji Rugby UK and Leeds Metropolitan University. Rugby sevens legend Waisale Serevi played for Fiji UK. Before the main event, amateur clubs and development teams took part in an invitational junior tournament.
The full list of teams that took part in the event were:
The Huddersfield Giants won the inaugural competition, defeating Hull 22-10 in the final, to reach the final they defeated Leeds Rhinos in the first round, Hull KR in the Semi-final.
2009 Event.
The 2009 Event took place on Wednesday August 26, once again at Headingley Stadium in Leeds. Six super league clubs along with representational clubs again competed in the event. Before the main event, there was a competition to determine the fastest player in rugby league, with representatives from a number of Super League clubs hoping to compete.
Since the 2008 event, it was decided that this year's competition would have a 2 minute sin bin period for player misconduct, reduced from 5 minutes, to better reflect the length of games. 
The full list of teams entered into the 2009 event are:
2009 Fastest Man in Rugby League.
Before the Nines competition, the stadium held host to the 2009 Fastest man in Rugby League competition, in which rugby league players raced over 96m in full playing kit to determine the fastest player in Rugby League. The provisional entries for the competition are as follows:
The competition has been revived after it was first held in Wigan in 2005, However in the previous event the players had to run 90m while in full playing kit and carrying a ball.
The person who went on to win the race was Leeds Rhinos youth prospect, Jamel Chisholm, who won the race in a photo finish from Warrington's Kevin Penny with York City Knights Tom Lineham 3rd and Hull FC's Jack Briscoe 4th.

</doc>
<doc id="19066846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066846" title="Frank Barnes (right-handed pitcher)">
Frank Barnes (right-handed pitcher)

Frank Barnes (born August 26, 1926) is a retired American Major League Baseball pitcher and occasional pinch runner who played three seasons for the St. Louis Cardinals of the National League. Barnes played professional baseball for 16 seasons starting with the Indianapolis Clowns of the Negro Leagues at age 18 in 1947 and ending in the Mexican League in 1965.
Transaction history.
Born in Longwood, Mississippi, Barnes was acquired by the New York Yankees from the Kansas City Monarchs in 1950. He was sold to the Yankees along with Elston Howard. Howard later became the first African-American member of the Yankees. Barnes' rights were sent by the Yankees to the St. Louis Browns during the 1951 season. Before the 1953 season, the Browns returned him to the Toronto Maple Leafs after expiration of minor league working agreement. After the 1956 season he was traded by Toronto to the St. Louis Cardinals for Jim Pearce, cash and a player to be named later, which turned out to be Rocky Nelson. He played in the Major Leagues for the Cardinals in , , and . On May 19, 1960, the Chicago White Sox purchased Barnes from the St. Louis Cardinals. After the season, he was traded by the White Sox with Andy Carey to the Philadelphia Phillies for Bob Sadowski and Taylor Phillips. However, Carey refused to report to his new team before the season. Thus, to complete the trade the White Sox sent Cal McLish to Philadelphia and the Phillies sent Lou Vassie to Chicago. During the 1950s, he played in the Eastern League, Texas League and American Association in Minor League Baseball.
After his Major League Baseball career Barnes played in the Mexican Summer League, Liga Mexicana de Beisbol. In 1965, he led the league in both winning percentage 13–5, .722 and in E.R.A. at 1.58.
Stats.
In 1957, he led the American Association with a 2.41 E.R.A. for the Omaha Cardinals before being called up to St. Louis in September. He also led the league with six shutouts and pitched a record-setting 41⅓ consecutive scoreless innings. On August 4, 1958, he pitched the first no-hitter in Omaha Cardinal American Association history. It was not the first no-hitter for Barnes who had pitched one for the Oklahoma City of the Texas League in 1955.
Barnes posted a 1–3 record with 1 save over the course of three seasons with the Cardinals. He accumulated 30 strikeouts in 36⅔ innings pitched. During his career, Barnes scored three runs despite only having one hit in ten career at bats and having no walks, no hit by pitches and one caught stealing. Also, over the course of his career he had a 2.84 Earned run average in games on the road, but only a 9.17 E.R.A. at home in Sportsman's Park. Barnes appeared as a pinch runner several times in 1957 and 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="19066848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066848" title="Jack Wetter">
Jack Wetter

Jack Wetter DCM (29 December 1887 – 29 July 1967) was a Welsh international rugby union player who played club rugby predominantly for Newport. He was captain for both his club and country and earned 10 caps for Wales.
Wetter's rugby career was disrupted by the outbreak of World War I, in which he served. He was awarded the Distinguished Conduct Medal during the conflict.
Rugby career.
After playing club rugby for several lower level teams Wetter was successful at a trial for Newport, and in 1912 he represented the team against Plymouth. Wetter stayed with the club until 1925, and in the 1922/23 season, in which Newport were unbeaten, he captained the team. He also played for two Newport teams against international opposition; the 1912 touring South Africans and the 1924 touring All Blacks.
Wetter made his debut for Wales against Scotland on 7 February 1914, in which he scored his first international try and Wales ran out winners 24-5. It was a rough game, in which, Scotland captain David Bain quoted, "The dirtier side won". Wetter would earn 10 caps in total for Wales, stretched either side of the War, and in the last three was awarded the captaincy. He scored a total of four international tries and a single conversion.
When Wetter took to the pitch for his final game for Wales in 1924, he was 36 years and one month old, the oldest Welsh player to take the position at centre. This record would stand for 77 years, until beaten by Neath's Allan Bateman.
International games played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19066850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066850" title="Taleghani Ave">
Taleghani Ave

Taleghani (formally Taleqani) Ave in Tehran, prior to the Islamic Revolution (1979) Takht-e Jamshid (Persepolis) Ave., is located in the center of Tehran and runs West from Ghodss St at the University of Tehran to Shariaty Ave (Ali Shariati) on the East.
The former US Embassy is located in the east of this avenue. The Iran hostage crisis created a diplomatic crisis between Iran and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19066858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066858" title="Russia–South Ossetia relations">
Russia–South Ossetia relations

Russia—South Ossetia relations refers to the bilateral relationship between Russia and the Republic of South Ossetia, a disputed region in the South Caucasus, located on the territory of the South Ossetian Autonomous Oblast within the former Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic.
Background.
South Ossetia declared its independence from Georgia in 1991 during the Georgian–Ossetian conflict, but the entity remained unrecognised, save by fellow break-away republics Abkhazia and Transnistria. In the aftermath of the conflict Russia extended citizenship to many of South Ossetia's citizens.
Following several months of increased tensions in the region, on the night of 7 to 8 August 2008, the Georgian military launched an offensive on Tskhinval, the South Ossetian capital. The leader of Georgian peacekeepers in South Ossetia said the purpose was to "restore constitutional order" in the region. The majority of the inhabitants of South Ossetia hold Russian citizenship, and Russia citing Chapter VII Article 51 of the United Nations Charter sent troops into South Ossetia through the Roki Tunnel in the morning of 8 August. Russian President Dmitry Medvedev, in noting the deaths of Russian peacekeepers and South Ossetian civilians, stated: "In accordance with the Constitution and the federal laws, as President of the Russian Federation it is my duty to protect the lives and dignity of Russian citizens wherever they may be." After five days of fighting, on 12 August French President Nicolas Sarkozy brokered a ceasefire agreement. Under the terms of the agreement, Russia agreed to withdraw from "security zones" in Georgia proper by 10 October. Russia completed the withdrawal on 8 October 2008.
Russian recognition of South Ossetia.
On 21 August 2008, the same day as a similar event in Abkhazia, a rally was held in Tskhinval at which the people of South Ossetia appealled to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and the Russian Federal Assembly for official recognition of their independence as sovereign states. President of South Ossetia Eduard Kokoity flew to Moscow on 23 August 2008 to deliver South Ossetia's appeal in an address to the Federation Council. After hearing the appeals from both the Abkhazian and South Ossetian leadership, on 25 August 2008 the Federation Council and State Duma passed motions calling upon President Medvedev to recognise the independence of the two regions and to establish diplomatic relations with them.
On 26 August 2008, President Medvedev signed presidential decrees recognising the independence of Abkhazia and South Ossetia In his address to the Russian nation, Medvedev noted that he was guided by the provisions of the UN Charter, the 1970 Declaration on the Principles of International Law Governing Friendly Relations Between States, the CSCE Helsinki Final Act of 1975 and other fundamental international instruments in issuing the decree, and further stated, "(t)his is not an easy choice to make, but it represents the only possibility to save human lives." Eduard Kokoity described the Russian decision to recognise South Ossetian independence as "noble", and stated that it would contribute to stability in the entire South Caucasus region.
The Russian recognition was condemned by the European Union, United States, NATO, Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, amongst others, with some calling for Russia to rescind its recognition. Many high level Russian politicians including Russian President Dmitry Medvedev, Prime Minister Vladimir Putin, Deputy Prime Minister Sergey Ivanov, Chairman of the State Duma Boris Gryzlov, Minister of Foreign Affairs Sergey Lavrov, Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin and Permanent Representative of Russia to NATO Dmitry Rogozin, rejected the criticism, and have stated that Russian recognition of South Ossetia is irreversible. In an interview to Vesti in August 2009, Sergey Lavrov stated that Russian recognition of Abkhazia and South Ossetia was not planned when the 2008 war began.
As a result of the Russian recognition of Abkhazian and South Ossetian independence, Georgia severed diplomatic relations with Russia on 29 August 2008, and declared that it regards South Ossetia and Abkhazia as "occupied territories".
Bilateral relationship.
Diplomatic ties.
Russia and South Ossetia established diplomatic relations on 9 September 2008, when Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and South Ossetian Minister of Foreign Affairs Murat Dzhioyev exchanged notes at the Russian Foreign Ministry in Moscow.
On 25 September 2008, President Medvedev signed an ukaz appointing the first Russian Ambassador to South Ossetia, Elbrus Kargiyev, who presented his Letters of Credence to South Ossetian President Eduard Kokoity on 16 December 2008. Dmitry Medoyev, the Plenipotentiary Representative of the President of Republic of South Ossetia to Russia was appointed by Eduard Kokoity as South Ossetia's first ambassador to Russia on 13 January 2009. Medoyev presented his credentials to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on 16 January 2009.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin issued a directive to set up a Russian embassy in South Ossetia in 2009.
Political ties.
Eduard Kokoity said during talks with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev that it would become part of Russia within "several years", but later retracted the comments in an interview with Interfax and stated that he may have been misunderstood, and that South Ossetia would not give up its independence. Russian Minister of Foreign Affairs Sergey Lavrov, whilst in Warsaw, denied that South Ossetia would join the Russian Federation. Lavrov's position was also mirrored in August 2009 by Dmitry Medoyev, who stated that "South Ossetia will be building an independent state".
On 17 September 2008, Russia and South Ossetia signed a treaty of Friendship, Cooperation and Mutual Assistance at the Kremlin in Moscow. According to Eduard Kokoity sets out the long term basic objectives and principles in all areas for the strategic partnership between South Ossetia and Russia. In a statement after the signing of the treaty, President Medvedev warned Georgia that "another military adventure" would lead to a "regional catastrophe". The treaty was ratified by the State Duma on 29 October 2008.
In September 2008, United Russia and the Unity Party signed a strategic partnership in order to increase political cooperation between Russia and South Ossetia.
On 30 April 2009, Russia and South Ossetia concluded negotiations and signed a border protection treaty at the Kremlin, which would see Russian Border Guards patrolling and securing the South Ossetian borders, until such time as the South Ossetian government had set up its own service.
President Medvedev made a working visit to Tskhinval on 13 July 2009, becoming the first Russian leader to visit South Ossetia. The visit, which was criticised by Georgia, saw Medvedev confirming that Russia would increase contacts with South Ossetia and would implement numerous projects to assist in the rebuilding effort in the Republic.
Following Medvedev's visit, Prosecutor General Yury Chaika, Emergencies Minister Sergey Shoygu and Minister of Internal Affairs Rashid Nurgaliyev travelled to South Ossetia on 21 July 2009, where they attended the opening of two rural police stations, and attended the signing of an interagency agreement between the two countries prosecutorial agencies.
On 7 August 2009, Dmitry Medvedev in an interview for the documentary "In August 2008..." stated that Russia would continue to develop bilateral ties with South Ossetia "regardless of whether somebody likes it or not."
Military ties.
The Treaty of Friendship, Cooperation and Mutual Assistance which was signed in September 2008 came into force on 20 January 2009, and stipulates a Russian guarantee of military intervention in case South Ossetia should be attacked. Nikolay Makarov, the Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation, confirmed in November 2008 that the full complement of 3,700 Russian soldiers had been deployed to South Ossetia, in accordance with the mutual assistance treaty. After the signing of the 30 April treaty, Russian Border Guards were sent to South Ossetia and began patrolling the border with Georgia.
In June 2009, Makarov stated that it was likely that the Russian military presence in South Ossetia would be reduced, but that the development and staffing of the Russian military base near Tskhinval would proceed as planned. In an August 2009 interview to RIA Novosti, Eduard Kokoity stated that he does not believe there is a need for an increase Russian military presence in South Ossetia, and that the Russian Border Guards have eased tensions in Georgian populated areas of the Republic.
Economic ties.
Due to its small population and lack of natural resources, the economy of South Ossetia is entirely dependent on Russian finance and assistance. After being instructed by Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin, in March 2009, Russia allocated 2.8 billion rubles from the Russian federal budget, as part of agreements between the Russian Ministry of Finance and its South Ossetian counterpart, which were based on the treaty signed in September 2008. Russia also allocated an additional 8.5 billion rubles to South Ossetia in order to assist in rebuilding housing, social amenities and utilities which were destroyed or damaged during the 2008 war. According to Eduard Kokoity, seventy percent of residential housing and eighty percent of administrative buildings in Tskhinval were destroyed in the Georgian shelling of the city in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19066861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066861" title="Megathymus yuccae">
Megathymus yuccae

Megathymus yuccae, commonly known as the Yucca Giant-Skipper, is a rare early season butterfly that is widespread across the southern United States. It belongs in the family Hesperiidae, subfamily Megathyminae.
Description.
The upper side of the wings are brown with the fore wings having yellow spots. The under side is mainly mottled with black and gray. The wingspan is . Caterpillars feed on "Yucca" species such as "Y. filamentosa", "Y. smalliana", "Y. gloriosa", "Y. elata", "Y. arizonica", and "Y. aloifolia". Although adults do not feed, males will gather moisture from mud.
Habitat.
This butterfly may be seen in deserts, foothills, and woodlands where yucca plants occur.

</doc>
<doc id="19066878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066878" title="The Collection (30 Rock)">
The Collection (30 Rock)

"The Collection" is the third episode of NBC's second season of "30 Rock", and the twenty-fourth episode overall. It was written by producer Matt Hubbard and directed by producer Don Scardino, and first aired on October 18, 2007 in the United States. In the episode, Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin) hires a private detective, Len (Steve Buscemi), to investigate his past; Angie Jordan (Sherri Shepherd) asks Liz Lemon (Tina Fey) to help her watch Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan); and Kenneth Parcell (Jack McBrayer) attempts to help Jenna Maroney (Jane Krakowski) gain weight by insulting her. 
The episode features a reference to "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip", which was compared to "30 Rock" because of their similar premise. This is a recurring element in the series, as well as references to other aspects of popular culture. "The Collection" received generally positive reviews, however several critics expressed their concern over the misuse of guest stars, especially in the case of Buscemi. Despite their reactions, Buscemi was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for his acting.
Plot.
After their separation, Tracy and his wife Angie get back together on the condition that Tracy must never leave her sight. Liz is surprised to find Tracy on time in his dressing room, although Angie confesses that she cannot take care of Tracy alone, and asks for Liz's help. Angie leaves to take care of personal issues, trusting Liz to watch over him. Busy with her own work, Liz forgets about her promise and Tracy leaves for a strip club. When Angie returns, Liz lies about his whereabouts and tries to cover her mistake, however Angie realizes that Tracy has been to a strip club, and blames the situation on Liz. Angie demands that all decisions regarding sketch ideas be run through her first, and rejects all of Liz's ideas. To solve the problem, Liz offers Angie "consultant" credit, but she declines the offer. Liz decides to fight Angie, but Tracy scolds the women for their immature behavior and he reconciles with Angie. 
Jack hires Len to investigate his past when he learns that he is a possible candidate for the position of president at G.E.. Knowing that the company is looking for anything that could possibly embarrass them, Jack hires Len to find anything incriminating before the company does. When Len discovers that Jack has a collection of cookie jars, he advises him to get rid of them. Jack cannot bear to destroy his cookie jars, and when he realizes Kenneth has a similar enjoyment, he gives him the collection. 
Jenna has become more famous after gaining weight, and sorts through large amounts of fan mail. Jack congratulates her on her weight, and Jenna enjoys her new friendship with him. While talking to Liz, Jenna begins to worry about losing weight, and fears her popularity will decline. Upset that Jenna is losing weight, Jack sends Kenneth to follow her around and make sure she keeps her weight on. Liz tells Kenneth to insult Jenna if he wants her to eat more, and writes down a list of things to say to Jenna to hurt her. Jenna takes the insults as compliments, and tries to seduce Kenneth.
Production.
"30 Rock" and "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip", both of which debuted on 2006–07 NBC lineup, revolved around the off-camera happenings on a sketch comedy series. Evidence of the overlapping subject matter between the shows, as well as the conflict between them, arose when Aaron Sorkin, the creator of "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip", asked Lorne Michaels to allow him to observe "Saturday Night Live" for a week, a request Michaels denied. Despite this, Sorkin sent Fey flowers after NBC announced it would pick up both series, and wished her luck with "30 Rock". Fey wound up "winning" over Sorkin when "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip" was cancelled after one season and "30 Rock" was renewed for a second. Although "30 Rock"'s first season ratings proved lackluster and were lower than those of "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip", the latter was more expensive to produce. The first season episode "Jack the Writer" contained a self-referencing walk and talk sequence, which was commonly used on "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip" and Sorkin's previous series. In this episode, the walk and talk sequence is referenced when Liz asks Kenneth, "can you walk and talk?", to which Kenneth replies, "usually, but now you've got me thinking about it".
Reception.
"The Collection" brought in an average of 6.2 million American viewers. This episode achieved a 2.6/7 in the key 18–49 demographic; the 2.6 refers to 2.6% of all 18- to 49-year-olds in the U.S., and the 7 refers to 7% of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast, in the U.S. This was a decrease from the previous episode, which was watched by an average of 6.6 million American viewers. The episode retained 96% of the audience from its lead-in, "My Name is Earl", in adults 18-49, and increased by 14% in adults 18-34 and by 22% among men 18-34.
Bob Sassone of TV Squad said that the lack of the writing staff in the second season was "disappointing". He "love how this show is about NBC and really set at NBC", but was worried about the misuse of guest stars. Robert Canning of IGN said that for the first time, Jenna's storyline was the "most entertaining of the night". He felt that first half of the episode was "tightly written and very funny", but the second half "waned a bit, with less than stellar conclusions to the stories and far less funny bits". Canning said that Jack's storyline was the "most disappointing", and hoped that future guest stars were used properly, rather than for the sake of having a name guest star. George Freitag of BuddyTV said that although Tracy was "not as strong as the previous two episodes", he was "still terrific and the nod to his old SNL skit was a nice touch". He felt that the lack of focus on the personal life of Liz seemed to give the series "a lack of focus". Freitag hoped that her private issues would be further explored, as "her approachable yet successful persona was one of the main draws to the series in the first place". Matt Webb Mitovich of "TV Guide" felt that the episode "fell a bit flat", and that the season lacked the other TGSers, Lonny, Frank, Twofer and "director guy". He did not enjoy Jack's storyline, but said that Jenna's storyline "ultimately won a thumbs-up from me for her getting turned on by Kenneth's rudeness".
Steve Buscemi was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series for this episode.

</doc>
<doc id="19066899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066899" title="Outside Lands Music and Arts Festival">
Outside Lands Music and Arts Festival

Lineups.
2008.
Friday August 22.
Radiohead, Beck, Manu Chao, The Black Keys, Cold War Kids, Steel Pulse, Lyrics Born, Black Mountain, Benevento/Russo Duo, The Felice Brothers, Howlin Rain, The Dynamites featuring Charles Walker, Carney
Saturday August 23.
Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, Ben Harper and the Innocent Criminals, Primus, CAKE, Steve Winwood, Cafe Tacvba, Lupe Fiasco, Regina Spektor, Galactic's Crescent City Soul Krewe, M. Ward, Devendra Banhart, Matt Nathanson, Sean Hayes, Two Gallants, Dredg, Abigail Washburn and the Sparrow Quartet featuring Bela Fleck, The Walkmen, Kaki King, The Coup, Liars
Sunday August 24.
Jack Johnson, Wilco, Widespread Panic, Rodrigo Y Gabriela, Broken Social Scene, Andrew Bird, Sharon Jones and the Dap Kings, Drive-By Truckers, Toots and the Maytals, Stars, Rogue Wave, Alo, Jackie Greene, Los Amigos Invisibles, Mike Gordon, The Cool Kids, Grace Potter and the Nocturnals, Little Brother, Bon Iver, Vienna Teng, The Mother Hips, The Mighty Underdogs featuring Gift of Gab, Lateef and Headnonic, Nicole Atkins & the Sea, Sila and the Afrofunk Experience, K'naan, Culver City Dub Collective
2009.
Friday August 28.
Pearl Jam, Incubus, Thievery Corporation, Tom Jones, Silversun Pickups,
The National, Q-Tip, Built to Spill, Midnite, Kinky, Tea Leaf Green, Autolux, The Dodos, Los Campesinos!, Akron/Family, The Duke Spirit, Zee Avi, Blind Pilot, SambaDa, West Indian Girl
Saturday August 29.
Dave Matthews Band, The Black Eyed Peas, The Mars Volta, Jason Mraz, TV on the Radio, Conor Oberst & The Mystic Valley Band, Robert Randolph and the Family Band, Mastodon, Raphael Saadiq, Os Mutantes, Street Sweeper Social Club, JJ Grey & Mofro, Deerhunter, Lila Downs, Zion I, Bat for Lashes, Trombone Shorty & Orleans Avenue, Groundation, Dengue Fever, The Dirtbombs, Portugal. The Man, Ryan Bingham, Extra Golden, Infantree
Sunday August 30.
Tenacious D, M.I.A., Ween, Modest Mouse, Band of Horses, The Dead Weather, Atmosphere, Lucinda Williams, Alpha Blondy, Brett Dennen, The Avett Brothers, Calexico, Bettye LaVette, Heartless Bastards, Cage The Elephant, Lenka, John Vanderslice, Matt and Kim, The Morning Benders, Darondo with Nino Moschella, Big Light
2010.
Saturday August 14.
Furthur featuring Phil Lesh and Bob Weir, The Strokes, My Morning Jacket, Gogol Bordello, The Levon Helm Band, Cat Power, Wolfmother, Bassnectar, Pretty Lights, Tokyo Police Club, Beats Antique, Rebirth Brass Band, Wild Beasts, Sierra Leone's Refugee All Stars, Daniel Lanois' Black Dub, Langhorne Slim, Mayer Hawthorne and The County, The Pimps of Joytime, Electric Six, Dawes, The Soft Pack, People Under The Stairs 
Sunday August 15.
Kings of Leon, Phoenix, Social Distortion, Al Green, Nas and Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley, Empire of the Sun, Chromeo, Edward Sharpe & the Magnetic Zeros, The Temper Trap, Janelle Monae, Amos Lee, The Devil Makes Three, Alexander O'Neal, The Budos Band, Aterciopelados, Garage a Trois featuring Stanton Moore, Marco Benevento, Skerik and Mike Dillon, People Under The Stairs, Vieux Farka Toure, Nneka, The Whigs, Little Wings
2011.
August 12–14.
"Lineup announced April 11, 2011"
Muse, Phish, Arcade Fire, The Black Keys, Deadmau5, The Shins, MGMT, Girl Talk, The Decemberists, John Fogerty, Erykah Badu, The Original Meters, Beirut, The Roots, Arctic Monkeys, Big Audio Dynamite, STS9, Warren Haynes Band, Big Boi, Major Lazer, Little Dragon, Julieta Venegas, Sia, OK GO, The Greyboy Allstars, Josh Ritter & The Royal City Band, Old 97's, Mavis Staples, !!!, Latryx feat. Lyrics Born and Lateef, Best Coast, Collie Buddz, Phantogram, Charles Bradley, Foster the People, Lotus, STRFKR, Junip, Pajama Club, The Infamous Stringdusters, The Vaccines, Toro Y Moi, Vetiver (band), The Limousines, The Stone Foxes, The Joy Formidable, Macklemore and Ryan Lewis, Wye Oak, Ana Tijoux, Orgone, Lord Huron, Tamaryn, Grouplove, The Fresh and Onlys, Ximena Sarinana, Ty Segall, Sunbirds, Nicki Bluhm & The Gramblers, Diego's Umbrella, Ghost Robot, Paper Diamond
2012.
August 10-12
"Lineup announced April 17, 2012"
Metallica, Stevie Wonder, Neil Young & Crazy Horse, Jack White, Foo Fighters, Beck, Skrillex, Norah Jones, Sigur Ros, Justice, Dispatch, The Kills, Regina Spektor, Passion Pit, Bloc Party, Andrew Bird, Grandaddy, Big Boi, Explosions in the Sky, Santigold, Franz Ferdinand, MSTRKRFT, Rebelution, Die Antwoord, Fitz and the Tantrums, Portugal. The Man, Amadou & Mariam, Wolfgang Gartner, Fun., Dr. Dog, The Walkmen, Washed Out, City and Colour, Two Gallants, Of Monsters and Men, Mimosa, Alabama Shakes, Reggie Watts, Trampled by Turtles, Tame Impala, Jovanotti, The Be Good Tanyas, Geographer, Sharon Van Etten, Yacht, Sean Hayes, Bomba Estéreo, Dirty Dozen Brass Band, Big Gigantic, Thee Oh Sees, Wallpaper., Tennis, Zola Jesus, White Denim, Allen Stone, The M Machine, Michael Kiwanuka, Tanlines, Father John Misty, Electric Guest, Caveman, Yellow Ostrich, Papa, Honey Island Swamp Band, Animal Kingdom 
2013.
August 9-11
"Lineup announced April 16, 2013"
Paul McCartney, Pretty Lights, Vampire Weekend, Nine Inch Nails, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Phoenix, Jurassic 5, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Kaskade, The National, Hall & Oates, Grizzly Bear, D'Angelo, Matt and Kim, Young the Giant, Youth Lagoon, Dawes, Band of Horses, Willie Nelson, Thao and the Get Down Stay Down, Cherub
Other Attractions.
Outside Lands also features attractions that focus around food, wine, and art. There is a wine lands portion of the festival that allows people to purchase tickets and sample wine from many different vendors. There are also areas that offer separate entertainment, including a sports lounge, an arcade/bar, and various food and art vendors. 
The festival is designed to utilize several strategies of being eco-friendly, as well as to educate the public about eco-friendly movements. There are solar power stages, a refillable water program, a waste diversion program, a recycling program, and bike valet parking program. There have also been workshops to educate about organic food and farming.

</doc>
<doc id="19066942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066942" title="Robin Corsiglia">
Robin Corsiglia

Robin Corsiglia (born August 12, 1962) is a former swimmer from Canada who won an Olympic bronze medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.
Corsiglia attended the University of Southern California.
Now Robin Scholefield, she received her Phd in Clinical Psychology (1999) from the California School of Professional Psychology, Los Angeles and is a married mother of three and a sports psychologist at the University of Southern California - University Park Health Center in Los Angeles.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19066998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19066998" title="True Believers (comics)">
True Believers (comics)

True Believers is an American comic book limited series from Marvel Comics, written by Cary Bates, with art by Paul Gulacy. 
It is also the name of an obscure group of Spider-Man villains.
Publication history.
The series launched as a five-part storyline on July 30, 2008.
Characters.
The four main team members are:
Plot.
The series involves a team of new characters digging into the background goings-on in the Marvel Universe. The team is led by Payback, Mavis Trent, a S.H.I.E.L.D. data analyst.
Though a mini-series, True Believers is unusual in that each issue contains a central plot that is resolved by the end. Issue 1 features the team ending an underground fight club. This club is run by rich and powerful men who pay to have women abducted, drugged and forced to fight one another.
The second issue deals with a conspiracy to frame Reed Richards, Mr. Fantastic of the Fantastic Four, for driving under the influence of alcohol. This issue also sees Payback with Reynolds' psychiatrist Dr. Cornelius Worth discussing her feelings with her father.
The third issue reveals the origin of Payback, and begins the search for the murderer of Payback's father.
The fourth gives the origins of Battalus and Red Zone, and further details of the murder of Payback's Father
The fifth reveals the Truth behind The Murder of Payback's father.
Reception.
The first issue had estimated sales of 17,151 copies, placing it at number 132 in the sales chart. Issue #2 dropped to an estimate of 12,838 (149th).
"True Believers" has received mixed reviews. For instance, Broken Frontier was less impressed, feeling it didn't live up to expectations suggesting "it is rather disappointing given what one might have hoped for" and that the "tone established by the writing crosses over to the art as well: it shows some nice potential, but fails to realize it fully". However, they also feel that all hope isn't lost and if "Bates and Gulacy really put their minds to it and are willing to push the limits of what they can do with this concept, it just might turn into something very special indeed. Keep an eye out for future issues" Comic Book Resources agrees and suggests that the story "is an original and timely concept, but the weak execution doesn't carry it well. Bates' craft seems to be a little rusty at best, and feels more than a little outdated at times" and that problems with the art partly come from script problems as "any artist would struggle to fit 15 panels on one page and still maintain a good flow." Comics Bulletin is largely positive and concludes that "overall this issue presents an interesting if somewhat vague introduction to the characters" with the only downside being the colouring "Beredo does an estimable job but the technique seems so common that it fails to add anything". They stop just shy of awarding full marks to the second issue, largely because the reviewer feels "a certain detachment from the principal character," but the minor niggles about the art in the first issue have been addressed and they declare that they are "prepared to ratchet up my praise for Rain Beredo's colours, too". The online comic book reviewer for Scifipulse.net, Nicholas Yanes, is equally positive, writing that "this is a title that everyone should have on their pull list."
Collected editions.
The series will be collected into a trade paperback:

</doc>
<doc id="19067014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067014" title="Camp Stoneman">
Camp Stoneman

Camp Stoneman was a United States Army military facility located in Pittsburg, California. It served as a major staging area for the Army in World War II and the Korean War.
Named after George Stoneman, a cavalry commander during the Civil War, the camp was activated in 1942 and decommissioned as a military post in 1954.
References.
204 Port company

</doc>
<doc id="19067023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067023" title="After All These Years (Journey song)">
After All These Years (Journey song)

"After All These Years" is a power ballad by the band Journey, the first single from their 2008 album "Revelation". It peaked at #9 on the Billboard Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks on September 20, 2008, giving the band their first top-ten hit in twelve years. It stayed on the Billboard charts for over 23 weeks, making it one of Journey's most successful adult contemporary hits. This is the first single from Journey to feature newest and current lead vocalist Arnel Pineda.

</doc>
<doc id="19067048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067048" title="Zakaria Botros">
Zakaria Botros

Zakaria Botros (, born on 24 October 1934) is a Coptic priest from Egypt. He worked as a priest in Australia in 1992. He has a Bachelors of Arts in History. He is best known for his critiques of the Qur'an and other books of Islam. World Magazine gave Father Botros the Daniel of the Year award in 2008. He has been named "Islam's public enemy No. 1" by Arabic newspaper "al Insan al Jadeed". Al-Qaeda has put a $60 million bounty on his head.
Television.
Botros became widely known in 2003 after he appeared on talk shows on the Hayah Evangelical Channel. He went on to have his own show on the channel. His criticism of Islam led to many debates about him on talk shows. He frequently appears on Al hayat TV.
Programme cancelled.
On July 2010 The Joyce Meyer Evangelical Ministry – which was a partner for Hayah Channel – informed BBC Arabic that it would discontinue broadcasting Zakaria Botros's show. A quote from the letter reads:
The ministry did not comment on the cancellation."
Al Fady Channel.
Zakaria opened his own channel on April 2011, which he called "Alfady". It is broadcast in North America and the Middle East since November 2011.
Vienna presentation.
Botros was supposed to give a presentation in Vienna on the 6th of May 2012. The presentation would have been his first major appearance in Europe, but the event was cancelled due to "numerous threats of violence."
Wiener Akademikerbund published an apology in press
Response from Muslims.
Debates.
A lot of Muslims found his criticism of Islam offensive. This led many Muslim scholars and writers in the Middle East to respond to his claims. The most well known respondents included Abo Islam Ahmad Abdullah, Dr. Ibrahim Awad, and Dr. Abdullah Badr. Other public figures suggested that he be ignored.
Abo Islam Ahmad Abdullah said that he invited the Coptic priest to a debate with a moderator on a TV show inside Egypt, but this offer was refused due to safety reasons, despite the fact that Muslim scholars made a promise in media that they would stay with him during the whole trip to guard his safety.
Calls for stripping his citizenship.
In 2009, Nabi El Wahsh asked the Egyptian government to strip Zakaria Botros's citizenship due to "the instability and disturbing the public security which he caused to Egypt".
Calls to arrest him.
An Egyptian lawyer, Mahmoud Riad, sued the Egyptian president, the Foreign Minister, the Interior Minister, the Information Minister, and the Coptic Pope in a lawsuit to force the Egyptian government to request that Interpol arrest and extradite Zakaria Botros back to Egypt so that he might be held accountable for his denunciation of Islam. He stated that denouncing Islam is high treason, and, additionally, that Egypt should withdraw the ambassador to the country where Botros broadcasts his programs. Earlier four lawyers had asked for the same thing.
Conversions to Christianity.
In an interview with Aljazeera TV, Islamic cleric Ahmad al-Qatani stated that some six million Muslims convert to Christianity annually, many of them persuaded by Botros’s public ministry.
According to Botros, his analysis of Islamic scriptures is designed to give Muslims a "short, sharp shock", intended to make them ask questions and examine their faith. However, he contends that he is not attacking Islam, but merely searching for the truth; "The truth is not restricted to someone, but it belongs to everybody, and it is the right of everybody to search for the truth and to embrace it without fear of authorities or the
terrorism of bigots."
Innocence of Muslims controversy.
On September 16, 2012, the Los Angeles Times reported that Botros was an ideological influence on the film Innocence of Muslims, whose portrayal of the Prophet Mohammed set off protests and attacks on Western embassies across the Middle East. The article claims that he was an ideological mentor to three of the people who made it: Steve Klein, an anti-Islam activist and consultant on the film; Joseph Nassralla, head of a Christian TV channel where part of the film was shot; and Nakoula Basseley Nakoula, the film's producer. Botros is also quoted in the article as telling the Arabic satellite TV station Alfady, "The movie is all things we said in the past."
Botros officially denies on his website any involvement in the film's making or with its authors, saying some media are attempting ""to incite aggression towards a scape goat"". In the same statement, he expresses his ""that the most authentic teachings of Islam incite its true followers to kill the infidels"", seeing the violence sparked by the movie as ""glimpses of its manifestation"". On his September 14, 2012 broadcast, in consistence with his assumed style, he did in fact make a critical analyzis of the film's historical, factual and canonical accuracy ""from a scholarly perspective"", concluding that ""no one appreciates such provocative scenes, they are offensive and unnecessary, yet the real problem is that they are consistent with the story of Mohamed as revealed in the authoritative Islamic literature [the Quran and Hadith."" 

</doc>
<doc id="19067071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067071" title="Topological pair">
Topological pair

In mathematics, more specifically algebraic topology, a pair formula_1 is shorthand for an inclusion of topological spaces formula_2. Sometimes formula_3 is assumed to be a cofibration. A morphism from formula_1 to formula_5 is given by two maps formula_6 and 
formula_7 such that formula_8.
Pairs come up mainly in homology theory and cohomology theory, where chains in formula_9 are made equivalent to 0, when considered as chains in formula_10. 
Heuristically, one often thinks of a pair formula_1 as being akin to the quotient space formula_12.
There is a functor from spaces to pairs, which sends a space formula_10 to the pair formula_14.
References.
Foundations of Topology, Second Edition, C. Wayne Patty, 2009. Page 276.

</doc>
<doc id="19067114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067114" title="Camp Greene">
Camp Greene

Camp Greene was a United States Army facility in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States during the early 20th Century. In 1917, both the 3rd Infantry Division and the 4th Infantry Divisions were first organized and assembled at this camp.
History.
Named Camp Greene, after the Revolutionary War hero, Nathanael Greene. the camp was established at Charlotte, North Carolina in 1917. At that time, the population of Charlotte was roughly 20 thousand people, compared to the 40 thousand soldiers stationed at Camp Greene.

</doc>
<doc id="19067127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067127" title="Socialist Party of Ontario">
Socialist Party of Ontario

The Socialist Party of Ontario, or Socialist Party (SPO), was founded in 2011 by political activists, trade unionists, community leaders, feminists and socialists, many of whom were former members of the Ontario New Democratic Party (NDP). They decided to launch a new leftist party to challenge the NDP's shift to the right of the political spectrum. It is modeled after Québec solidaire and the United Left Alliance in Ireland. While sharing the same name, there is no historical or political relationship with the old Socialist Party of Canada. The party fielded five candidates in the October 2011 Ontario general election.
Founding convention.
On 28 May 2011, the Socialist Party of Ontario was formed at a founding convention in Toronto. Its constitution and preliminary policy platform were voted on and passed. The SPO has a socialist preamble in its constitution that was inspired by the Regina Manifesto of the defunct Co-operative Commonwealth Federation. The Party boasts a collective leadership, with no single member functioning as the traditional "party leader". In place of a leader the party operates with two spokespeople, one male and one female, and at its founding elected Jan Maxwell and Michael Laxer to these positions. As of May 26, 2012, Michael Laxer is the chair of the party executive, fulfilling Elections Ontario's designations as "Leader" and "President".
2011 Ontario general election.
The SPO nominated five candidates in the 2011 provincial election, and was registered with Elections Ontario on 13 September 2011. Its first candidate, Dr. Ken Ranney, was nominated by the party to run in Peterborough on 31 August 2011. Besides the Peterborough constituency, the party is running candidates in Etobicoke–Lakeshore, Leeds–Grenville, St. Paul's, and Trinity–Spadina.

</doc>
<doc id="19067149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067149" title="Bia hơi">
Bia hơi

Bia hơi, ("hơi" means gas, "bia" is from French "bière", "beer"), is a type of draft beer popular in Vietnam.
Bia hơi are available throughout Vietnam. It is mostly to be found in small bars and on street corners. The beer is brewed daily, then matured for a short period and once ready each bar gets a fresh batch delivered every day in plastic jugs. It is a very light (~3% alcohol) refreshing lager at a fraction of the cost of draft or bottled beer in the Western-style bars. Bia hơi production is informal and not monitored by any health agency.
It is typically priced between 3000vnd and 5000vnd which is equivalent to 15 Us cents to 24 US cents per 12oz bottle, making it a fraction of the price of any western beer.

</doc>
<doc id="19067164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067164" title="Bruckless">
Bruckless

Bruckless () is a small village in southwest Donegal, Ireland, with a population of around 200. It lies on the N56 national secondary road which links it to Donegal Town 20 km east and to Killybegs 7 km west. The village overlooks "McSwyne's Bay", an inlet in Donegal Bay. Bruckless is part of the Roman Catholic parish of Killaghtee and the diocese of Raphoe. In the Church of Ireland, it is covered by the parish of Inver and the diocese of Derry & Raphoe.
The parish church, the "Church of Saints Joseph and Conal", is noted for its round tower, which can be seen from most parts of the village, and there are numerous archaeological artifacts in the area, including early Christian cross slabs. The village pub is called "Mary Murrins", and the village also has a petrol station and a small supermarket.

</doc>
<doc id="19067189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067189" title="Ken Lopez">
Ken Lopez

Ken Lopez (born September 4) is a letterer and logo designer for the comic book industry. A pioneer of computer lettering, Lopez designed the fonts for DC Comics's in-house lettering unit, and is currently DC's art director for lettering and its cover editor.
Lettering.
Marvel.
Lopez began his lettering career as a freelancer for Marvel Comics in 1986, rapidly rising to prominence for his speed and creativity. From 1989 to 1996, Lopez was the regular letterer on a number of Marvel titles, including "Marc Spector: Moon Knight", "The Punisher", "Guardians of the Galaxy", "Deathlok", and "X-Men 2099". His tenure on "Guardians of the Galaxy" lasted five years.
Valiant.
In 1992–1994, Lopez lettered for a number of Valiant Comics titles, including "Magnus, Robot Fighter" and almost the entire run of "X-O Manowar".
DC.
From 1994–2005, Lopez moved to DC, where he was regular letterer on a number of titles, including "", "The Batman Chronicles", "Resurrection Man", "JLA", "Young Justice", "JSA", and "Harley Quinn". Lopez lettered "Superman: The Man of Steel" for nine years, and "JLA" for eight years. Lopez also lettered the landmark limited series "Identity Crisis". With Lopez's ascension to DC's art director of lettering in 2004, his output has understandably decreased.
Logos.
Lopez has designed logos for such titles (among others) as Marvel's "Wally the Wizard" (1985), "Iron Man" (1985), "Classic X-Men" (1986), "Comet Man" (1987), "Excalibur" (1988), and "Spider-Man 2099" (1992); and DC's "Green Lantern" (1994 and revised in 2002), "Green Lantern Corps" (2006), and "Justice League of America" (2006). In addition, as DC's cover editor, Lopez solicits new logos from freelancers, and modifies existing designs. He continues to create fonts while training others.
Personal life.
Lopez lives in Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="19067195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067195" title="Gendob">
Gendob

Gendob may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19067202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067202" title="Lu Lin">
Lu Lin

Lu Lin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19067206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067206" title="Allison Bertolino">
Allison Bertolino

Allison Bertolino (born February 2, 1991) is a Young Artist Award nominated American television and film actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19067213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067213" title="Camp Butner">
Camp Butner

Camp Butner was a United States Army installation in Butner, North Carolina during World War II. It was named after Army General Henry W. Butner. Part of it was used as a POW-Camp for German prisoners of war in the United States.
Several major US Army formations used the camp as a staging area during the war, to assemble and organize prior to being deployed to the Western Front. These formations include the 78th Infantry Division.
After the war, the Camp was used as a major facility for the demobilization and deactivation of Army units returning from the war. Among the units deactivated at the camp were the 3d United States Infantry Regiment and the 4th Infantry Division.
The Camp was also the location of a Battalion Surgeon's Assistant school. 
Today.
Camp Butner Training Center is currently under North Carolina Army National Guard ownership. Since 2005 it has played host to the Civilian Marksmanship Program's Eastern Junior Highpower Clinic & Championship, taught by the United States Marine Corps Mobile Marksmanship Unit.

</doc>
<doc id="19067219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067219" title="Basketball ID at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Basketball ID at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Basketball ID at the 2000 Summer Paralympics consisted of a men's event with eight teams competing. The sport was a form of basketball adapted for players with intellectual disabilities (ID). 

</doc>
<doc id="19067225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067225" title="Patty Costello">
Patty Costello

Patty Costello (May 8, 1947 – April 16, 2009) was an American left-handed professional ten-pin bowler. She was one of the best female bowlers of the 1970s and 1980s.
Born to William Joseph and Marjorie Moran Costello in Washington, D.C., Costello began bowling at the age of 16, but quickly made a name for herself in the sport, winning the "Columbia 300 Open" in 1970. Over her professional bowling career, she earned 25 professional titles, including three first place finishes at the "PWBA National" tournament (1971, 1972, 1976) and three victories at the "U.S. Women's Open" (1972, 1976, 1980). 
In 1976, she won seven events, setting a record for most titles earned in a year. (The record was tied by Carolyn Dorin-Ballard in 2001, although Dorin-Ballard competed in eight more events.) Costello was named Female Bowler of the Year by the Bowling Writer's Association of America in 1972 and 1976.
Costello's career suffered a setback in 1977, when her father suddenly died of a heart attack while watching her provide commentary for a bowling telecast. Afterwards, she experienced depression and anxiety attacks for several years. She told "Bowling Digest" in 2002, "I was so ultrasensitive to everything around me that I could feel the hair on my arms standing straight up, and no one could comprehend that. I would go to doctors and tell them my symptoms, and they'd look at me like I was ready for the psych ward. It was an awful, lonely place to be." However, Costello recovered and won three titles between 1979 and 1981, including capturing her third "U.S. Women's Open" crown in 1980. At the time, she was one of only two bowlers (Marion Ladewig being the other) to win the U.S. Open at least three times. Kelly Kulick and Liz Johnson have since joined that exclusive group, with three U.S. Open titles each. Patty won three more championships in 1985, and was named Player of the Year by her fellow bowlers. 
In 1989, Costello was inducted into the Women's International Bowling Congress Hall of Fame. She bowled her last tournament as a pro in 1993, earning a second-place finish at the "WIBC Queens". 
Costello retired from bowling and began a career with the Community Medical Center in Scranton, Pennsylvania, where she was a transport driver. "Bowling was my job then; this is my job now. In both cases, I've always been happy to meet people, talk to them, and get them feeling good to be around me", she told "Bowling Digest".
Death.
Patty Costello died of pancreatic cancer on April 16, 2009. She was age 61, and residing in Scranton. She was survived by a brother and a nephew.

</doc>
<doc id="19067229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067229" title="International Research Universities Network">
International Research Universities Network

The International Research Universities Network (IRUN), initiated in 2006 by Radboud University Nijmegen in the Netherlands, was officially founded during a meeting in September 2007 in Nijmegen. Representatives from each of the network’s nine founding partner universities signed the IRUN Charter. IRUN currently represents eight European countries and is expected to grow in numbers of universities, countries and world regions represented. All universities currently in the network are research universities: their teaching efforts are predicated on the vigour and quality of their own research programmes and recent international scientific developments. It is the goal of IRUN that all research produced by the partners is pioneering and innovative.
IRUN aims to stimulate the internationalisation of higher education through exchanges and research collaboration. In other words, the partner universities are committed to increase the international exchange of their excellent students and research staff, as well as to develop joint Master and PhD programmes between partners.
IRUN is guided by the core principle that international collaboration between high-quality research universities helps to reinforce the manifest international character of their educational programmes and offers new possibilities to encourage their development.
IRUN Network of Female Professors.
The IRUN Network of Female Professors was founded as a result of the 1st Conference Women in Science in March 2008. Main aim of the network is to foster the participation of women in science, starting at their own university. The second Conference of the IRUN Network of Female Professors was organised by the University of Münster on April 17 and 18, 2009. IRUN partners Duisburg-Essen, Glasgow, Krakow, Münster, Nijmegen and Siena participated. The third conference will be organised by the University of Siena in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19067257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067257" title="Solex College">
Solex College

Solex College is an accredited two-year degree-granting institution offering educational programs in Accounting, Medical disciplines and English language training. Solex College offers three locations in and around Chicago, USA, including Chicago Loop.
History.
Solex College was established in 1995 under the name Solex Computer Academy. In 2000 the school restructured, expanded the programs and rebranded as Solex Academy. In 2004 Solex created a separate institution for medical programs, called Solex Medical Academy. In 2007 State Board of Higher Education granted Solex Academy a permission to teach its first Associate Degree in Accounting (AAS in Accounting). 
Since 2001 Solex is authorized under federal law to enroll non-immigrant alien students. Solex is certified by ETS as a Test Administration Site for TOEFL. 
Solex College is accredited by the Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools ACICS, Solex Medical Academy is accredited by the Commission on Massage Therapy Accreditation (COMTA). Solex is certified to operate by the State of Illinois Board of Education and the State of Illinois Board of Higher Education. Solex College and Solex Medical Academy are approved participants of Federal Student financial Aid programs by the US Department of Education
Programs.
Solex College offers:

</doc>
<doc id="19067260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067260" title="Wilson v. Arkansas">
Wilson v. Arkansas

Wilson v. Arkansas, , is a United States Supreme Court decision in which the Court held that police officers must "knock and announce" before entering a house.

</doc>
<doc id="19067266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067266" title="TG1">
TG1

TG1 ("TeleGiornale 1") is the brand for Italian state-owned TV channel Rai 1's news programmes. They are shown domestically on Rai 1 and across the world on Raitalia, several times throughout the day. The journalist Alberto Maccari is the current editor-in-chief. It was launched in 1952 as simply "Telegiornale", which was later renamed as "TG1" in 1975-1976. From 1992-1993 it was named "Telegiornale Uno" before reverting to the TG1 name.
Programme format.
The programme is generally presented by a single newsreader but with additional newsreaders for the sports. Most items will be made up of reports and are generally preceded and followed by the correspondent reporting live from the scene of the report. The programme is followed by a weather report known as "Meteo" and a financial news report, known as "TG1 Economia".
Criticism and controversies.
The Undersecretary to Communications Paolo Romani, member of The People of Freedom, in an interview with the newspaper "Il Tempo", has defined that the TG1 "seems politically affiliate with the Centre-left".
However it is criticized by the newspaper "la Repubblica" for political bias in favour of "The People of Freedom" party and its leader Silvio Berlusconi, when the politician Antonio Di Pietro requested the dismissal of the editor in chief of TG1 Augusto Minzolini, comparing him to Emilio Fede, editor-in-chief of a newscast broadcated by one of the television channels personally owned by Silvio Berlusconi.
Opening Theme.
The theme song for the newscast is the most important part to signify the start of the news and its headlines of the day. This is done by an orchestra since its debut in 1952, although the arrangement has been modernised several times, most recently in 2010.
Editions and Presenters.
Tg1 ore 06:30.
From Monday to Friday at 6:30 (10 minutes). Presenters:
Tg1 ore 07:00.
From Monday to Sunday at 07:00 (10 minutes). Presenters:
Tg1 Flash L.I.S..
From Monday to Friday at 07:30 (5 minutes). This edition is LIS. Presenters:
Tg1 Mattina.
From Monday to Sunday at 08:00 (30 minutes). Presenters:
Tg1 Flash.
From Monday to Sunday at 09:30 (5 minutes). Weekend's editions are LIS. Presenters:
Tg1 ore 11:00.
From Monday to Friday at 11:00 (5 minutes). Presenters:
Tg1 ore 13:30.
From Monday to Sunday at 13:30 (30 minutes). Presenters:
Tg1 ore 17:00.
From Monday to Sunday at 17:00 (10 minutes). Presenters:
TG1 ore 20:00.
From Monday to Sunday at 20:00 (30 minutes). Presenters:
Tg1 60 Secondi.
From Monday to Sunday at 23:00 nearly (1 minute). Presenters:
Tg1 Notte.
From Monday to Sunday at 1:00 (30 minutes). Presenters:

</doc>
<doc id="19067279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067279" title="Mandume Ya Ndemufayo">
Mandume Ya Ndemufayo

Mandume Ya Ndemufayo (1894 - 6 February 1917) was the last king of the Kwanyama, a subset of the Ovambo people of southern Angola and northern Namibia. Ndemufayo took over the Kwanyama kingdom in 1911 and his reign lasted until 1917 when he died of either suicide or machine gun fire while the Kwanyama kingdom was under attack from Portuguese . Ndemufayo is honoured as a national hero in both Angola and Namibia.
Background.
The Kwanyama kingdom was split by the 1884 Berlin Conference into the areas of Portuguese West Africa and German South West Africa. 
Childhood.
Ndemufayo grew up during a time of significant upheaval in the Kwanyama kingdom due to the presence of European merchants and missionaries. Third in line for succession to the Kwanyama throne, the prince lived in fear of assassination from an early age.
1911-1915.
Ndemufayo took the throne peacefully by Kwanyama standards and immediately moved the royal residence to Ondjiva (now in Angola). Ndemufayo expelled Portuguese traders from Kwanyama territory to denounce price inflation. Internally, he issued decrees prohibiting the picking of unripened fruit to protect against droughts and the unneeded use of firearms, an important commodity obtained from European traders. Significantly, he also issued harsh penalties for the crime of rape and allowed women to own cattle, which was previously illegal. Overall, King Ndemufayo sought to restore previous Kwanyama wealth and prosperity against a decaying system of local leadership.
Relationship with Christianity.
Ndemufayo had a reputation as a persecutor of Christians within the Kwanyama kingdom. Numerous Christian families fled to the Ondonga kingdom of the Ovambos to flee his persecution. Ndemufayo also had problems with Portuguese Roman Catholic missionaries as well as German Rhenish Missionary Society Protestants.
Battle and death.
No European colonizer challenged the well-organized and well-armed Ovambo kingdoms until 1915 and the beginning of World War I which coincided with a massive local drought. During the battle of Omongwa, Ndemufayo and the Kwanyama's resisted a Portuguese attack for three days. Simultaneously, the South African forces peacefully conquered the portion of the Kwanyama kingdom formerly located in German South West Africa. Due to heavy losses, Ndemufayo was forced to relocate the Kwanyama capital to the area of South West Africa. In February 1917, after Ndemufayo refused to submit to South African control, he died in battle against the South Africans. The cause of his death is disputed; South African records show his death from machine-gun fire, while oral and popular history described his death as suicide.
The Kwanyama kingship was abolished following his death in 1917 until February 1998 when Cornelius Mwetupunga Shelungu was named chief.
Recognition.
Mandume Ya Ndemufayo is one of nine national heroes of Namibia that were identified at the inauguration of the country's Heroes' Acre near Windhoek. Founding president Sam Nujoma remarked in his inauguration speech on 26 August 2002 that:
"It is better to die fighting than to become a slave of the colonial forces." -- These were the defiant words of one of Namibia's foremost anti-colonialist fighters. He said these words in defiance when the combined South African, British and Portuguese colonial forces insisted he should surrender. [...] To his revolutionary spirit and his visionary memory we humbly offer our honor and respect.
Ya Ndemufayo is honoured in form of a granite tombstone with his name engraved and his portrait plastered onto the slab.

</doc>
<doc id="19067280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067280" title="Time (rapper)">
Time (rapper)

Chris Steele (born February 17, 1985), better known by his stage name Time, is an American indie hip hop artist from Denver, Colorado. He is one of the original members of Dirty Laboratory Productions. He is also one half of the hip hop group Calm.
Music career.
As a youth Chris Steele was most known for playing basketball. He wrote a book when he was in second grade. At age 13, he started writing songs and poems. This eventually progressed to recording and writing whole albums. He caught attention from local MC battles and local shows.
Alf started playing Time and his group Calm on KTCL station 93.3. Time released his first album "Litterture" in 2004. He then went on to release his album "Anti-Smiles" in 2006 under the moniker Calm with producer Awareness. In 2007, he released his third release under the name Time titled "The Fantastic Reality".
Aside from local Dirty Laboratory Productions receiving acclaim in Denver it has also received praise from around the world. Time was called "Hip-hop's prodigy" and "The future of independent hip-hop" in a French review. Other international praise comes from Benzine Mag from Time's album "The Fantastic Reality". Time was also interviewed in Switzerland and Australia. Time's album "Naked Dinner" features appearances from Damon Jevon, Sole, C-Rayz Walz and Extra Kool.
Time has also worked closely with "at risk" students at Littleton High School's "Freshman Academy" program in Littleton, Colorado. His lyrics are studied in an extensive poetry unit in Language Arts classes. Time, along with producer Awareness, have performed on numerous occasions for the students of this program, and they have donated countless cds to these students.
In 2010, Time appeared on Sole's mixtape "Nuclear Winter Volume 1" on the song "Put On." Time released 12 albums in 12 months called the "Hydra Collection" all for free download in 2010. He has also worked closely with Minnesota-born rapper and producer Domain, collaborating for the song "Conspiracy" in Domain's sophomore album "Jetpack Music". Time announced that his new album "Newstalgia" will feature Xiu Xiu and producer Jake One.
Journalism.
Chris Steele writes for The Examiner as a progressive politics reporter. Steele has written on topics ranging from government cover-ups, conspiracies, GMO's, immigration, communism, UFO's, nonviolence, and social justice issues. He was featured on Alex Constantine's website when he released an article on the death of Fred Hampton. Chris Steele has received attention for writing in favor of the Occupy Wall Street movement and was interviewed on Mike Feder's XM radio show Occupied Territory. Chris Steele interviewed Noam Chomsky at M.I.T. in Cambridge, MA on May, 2012 in regards to provocateurs, Occupy Wall St., and social movements.

</doc>
<doc id="19067314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067314" title="Frans Molenaar">
Frans Molenaar

Frans Molenaar (born 1940, Amsterdam) is a Dutch fashion designer.
He studied to become a tailor in Amsterdam from 1955–1958. After his studies he did an internship with Charles Montaigne in Paris from 1959–1960 and worked for Gerard Pipart at Nina Ricci also in Paris from 1961–1964.
In 1967 he started his own business "Frans Molenaar Couture" and he worked as an "haute couture" designer since.
He initiated the fashion award "Frans Molenaar prijs" in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19067321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067321" title="You Are My Sunshine (Copeland album)">
You Are My Sunshine (Copeland album)

You Are My Sunshine is Florida-based indie rock band Copeland's fourth full length album. It was released on October 14, 2008.
The album marks Copeland's first release on the record label, Tooth & Nail. The album was released in a vinyl version on January 27, 2009.
Track listing.
All songs written by Aaron Marsh. 

</doc>
<doc id="19067328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067328" title="Fida Hussain Bukhari">
Fida Hussain Bukhari

Allama Syed Fida Hussain Bukhari is a religious scholar who completed his studies in Aloom-e-Kharij, Kalam, Falsafa and Fiqh from Islamic University of Qum under the guidance and supervision of grand Ayatollahs. In UK, he frequently delivers speeches and lectures on different TV channels and Radio stations. He has also written many articles on various Islamic topics published in various Newspapers and Magazines including Jang, Al Muntazar, Islam aur Zindagei and Safeena-e-Nijaat. He currently gives lectures on different TV Channels and Islamic centres in Europe.
Long version Biography.
Allama Syed Fida Hussain Bukhari was born in Pakistan. After finishing his education he went to Iran to study Islamic Studies. In Iran he completed his studies at the hands of various Grand Ayatollahs, and became an Islamic Scholar. He studied Darse-E-Kharij, Ilmei Kalam and Falsafa in Islamic university of Qom. His also studied Ilmei Fiqh from Ayatollah Maqaram Sherazi, Ilmei Asool from Ayatollah Jafar Subhanei, and Tafseer E Quran from Ayatollah Javadiul Amalei. After completing his studies he went to Pakistan. In Pakistan he was an editor of Quranic magazine Almiezan. Currently Allama Syed Fida Hussain Bukhari is living in the UK. In the United Kingdom he has given various lectures and Majalis in different towns. He has also given speeches and lectures on different TV channels and Radio stations. Allama Syed Fida Hussain bukhari has also written many articles on various Islamic topics which were published in Al muntazar, Islam or Zindagei and Safeena-e-Nijaat Magazine. His articles were also published in the Jang newspaper. For more detailed information please visit Allama Syed Fida Hussain's official website
Books Written.
Marifat kei pool published in 2009
Articles Written.
Allama Syed Fida Hussain Bukhari has written many articles in different languages. These are some of the articles written by Allama Syed Fida Hussain Bukhari.
Social activities.
He has written many articles in various languages and topics. Allama Syed Fida Hussain Bukhari has given various lectures and speeches on various TV and radio stations. His articles, lectures and speeches have been published in various newspapers including Jang.

</doc>
<doc id="19067337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067337" title="List of attacks on the Ulster Defence Regiment">
List of attacks on the Ulster Defence Regiment

This page is a record of notable attacks by paramilitary organisations on Ulster Defence Regiment personnel during the Troubles resulting in two or more fatalities or notable firsts:

</doc>
<doc id="19067349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067349" title="Sedley Cudmore">
Sedley Cudmore

Sedley Anthony Cudmore, B.A., M.A., (November 27, 1878 to October 17, 1945) was a Canadian economist, academic, civil servant and Canada's second Dominion Statistician.
Early years.
Cudmore was born in County Cork, Ireland. At age 9 he and his family immigrated to Canada. 
In 1899 he attended the University of Toronto under the Prince of Wales matriculation scholarship, taking Classics and English. He continued his studies at Wadham College, Oxford, England, in history and economics earning a B.A and later an M.A degree. 
He worked briefly for London newspapers and was, for a short period, a sub-editor on the London Standard. After he returned to Canada in 1908, he spent several years as a professor of Political Economy at the University of Toronto.
Career at the Dominion Bureau of Statistics (DBS).
He started working for the Dominion Bureau of Statistics in 1919 as editor of the Canada Year Book and head of the General Statistics Branch. In 1935, Cudmore was selected by the British government to establish a central statistical office in Jerusalem, where he remained for three years. When Robert H. Coats retired in 1942, Cudmore became the new Dominion Statistician, after having served as Assistant Dominion Statistician since 1939.
Honours.
In 1944, the University of Toronto conferred on Cudmore an honorary Doctor of Laws in recognition of his distinguished services.
Death.
Cudmore died suddenly on October 17, 1945, at age 66, while attending the first conference of the United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organization in Québec City. During his brief term in office, Cudmore laid the foundation for the modernization of the DBS programs and management.

</doc>
<doc id="19067380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067380" title="Michel Daerden">
Michel Daerden

Michel Daerden (16 November 1949 – 5 August 2012) was a francophone Belgian politician, a member of the "Parti Socialiste", and a Finance auditor.
Daerden was born in Baudour, Belgium. With a reputation as a 'bon vivant', his undenied penchant for a drink (especially Pomerol) led him to be lovingly nicknamed "the Gainsbourg of Belgian Politics" both by himself in a famous TV interview and by Belgium's much respected weekly news magazine "Le Vif/L'Express".
Biography.
Political career.
Michel Daerden was elected to the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 1987. In 1991 he was elected to the Belgian Senate.
Daerden served in the Federal government as Federal Minister for Science Policy and Infrastructures (1994-1995) and Federal Minister of Transport (1995-1999). After the elections of 1999 Daerden was elected to the Walloon Parliament and became Minister for Employment, Training and Housing in the Walloon Government. Daerden then became Vice-President of the Walloon Government in April 2000 and was in charge of Finance, Budget, Housing, Infrastructure and Public Works (April 2000 to June 2004), he co-currently served as minister of the budget for the French Community (June 2003 to June 2004). After the Regional elections of June 2004 he became Vice-President of the Walloon Government in charge of Budget, Finance and Equipment(2004-2009) and co-currently Vice-President of the Government of the French Community in charge of Budget and Finance (2004-2009). In 2009 Daerden transferred to the federal government where he served as Minister for Pensions and Large Cities (2009-2011).
Daerden also served as mayor of Ans, on the outskirts of Liège from 1993 to 2011. :In March 2011 a majority of members of the town council, including members of his own party, voted to depose Daerden as mayor. The Liège division of the PS later supported this and forced Daerden to relinquish the office.
Personal life.
Michel Daerden had two daughters. Aurore Daerden is a DJ and a stylist: Elena Daerden is a student. His son, Frédéric Daerden, is the mayor of Herstal and an MEP.
On 26 July 2012, while on holiday in France, Daerden suffered a heart attack which put him in a coma. He died, aged 62, on 5 August in Fréjus.
Miscellaneous.
Expressing a certain sense of spectacle in his political activities, Daerden said he wanted to be a singer.
On 6 December 2006, Daerden laid the first stone of the renovated Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps.
Star on Youtube.
Michel Daerden was the subject of special attention after the Belgian municipal elections of 2006. Excerpts of his post-election interview on RTBF and on local television RTC-TV Liège, where he appears intoxicated, were circulated widely on YouTube. A week later, Daerden was asked on the TV show "Mise au Point" whether he had had too much to drink at that time. His humorous response was ""Pas plus que d'habitude"" ("No more than usual").
Cyborgjeff created a dance-video called "Daerden machine", putting together several clips, including Daerden's quote about himself "tout le monde aime papa" ("everyone loves 'Daddy'", referring to himself).

</doc>
<doc id="19067392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067392" title="Steve Bolstad">
Steve Bolstad

Steve Bolstad was a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives who represented District 24 from 2007-2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19067395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067395" title="Norm Stoneburgh">
Norm Stoneburgh

Norm Stoneburgh (born March 31, 1935 in Toronto, Ontario) is a former all star offensive lineman who played thirteen seasons in the Canadian Football League for the Toronto Argonauts. Currently he volunteers his time at Evangel Hall in Toronto, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="19067399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067399" title="Comparison of disc image software">
Comparison of disc image software

This article is a comparison of notable software applications that can access or manipulate disk image files. It compares their disk image handling capabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19067409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067409" title="San Mateo (Cantabria)">
San Mateo (Cantabria)

San Mateo is a village of the municipality of the Los Corrales de Buelna in the autonomous community of Cantabria, Spain. Situated to the north and its population is 300 people.
History.
The first historical reference document of the people of San Mateo dates back to 978 at the end of century X the counts of Castile (Garcia Fernandez "the hands of white" and Aba) founded for her daughter Urraca Covarrubias in infantry being assigned to the then Valley Olna places of San Martin de Lobos, Somahoz of San Andres, San Julian de Barros, St. Cyprian Los Corrales, and so on. Outside his domain was the" 'Village of San Mateo, which belonged to the monastery Cervatos, as recorded in the Calf of Behetrías. 
In 1431 was formed County Buelna, King John II of Castile But attributed to Child, collateral descendant of one of the most illustrious lineage of The Mountain: Casa de la Vega. His mother was Agnes Laso de la Vega, loves breeding of heir to the crown of Castile, so that from his childhood was educated at King's house, where he received a careful education, in harmony with military activities. In recognition for his actions against pirates in 1404 and issuing punishment England 1405, was named first holder of this county. 
This title went after his nephew, the son of his brother Alfonso Child, abbot of Santillana, who commissioned the construction of the tower fortress erected in his honour at the end of fourteenth century or early XV In the neighborhood of Llano, constitute at present the most emblematic monument Valley Buelna. 
With the extinction of this lineage, took place the lordship of the Marquis de Aguilar and counts of Castaneda, after Dukes of Frias, until the formation of the municipal regime in the early nineteenth century. In 1822 valley Buelna, one of the Merindad of Asturias Santillana, was divided into two county s: San Felices de Buelna and " 'St. Matthew'". 
In 1835 municipalities of what drew people to locate in the new Valley area certainly more influential and hitches a greased wire to be the engine of the whole county of Besaya, people of Los Corrales de Buelna which today gives its name to the entire county. 
Today" 'St. Matthew'" is a locality in that town next to Barros Caldas de Besaya COO Somahoz, and Los Corrales de Buelna. 
With regard to historical heritage highlights the mansion "The Palace" with weapons of Garcia del Rivero and Gonzalez-Quijano, both of eighteenth century. 
Geography.
Location.
The town is located in the geographic center of the Cantabria to 90 metres s altitude above the Sea and 1.4 kilometre s of the capital city Los Corrales de Buelna. 
This surrounded the North by the people of Barros with which it shares Polygon Industrial, South East Los Corrales de Buelna and West by the Reserve of Sakha-Besaya in which penetrates to the birth of river Rebujas. 
Population.
In the year 2004" 'St. Matthew'" had a population of 310 inhabitants (INE). 
Barrios.
These names are added: Pena del Campo, Mies of Arduengo, Schools National Disaster Alley, The Corraliega, Campiza, Monco, Pozona, The Coteruco, Rebujas, fisheries, Calero, La Concepcion and Portillo jarrera. 
The river Rebujas.
The river Rebujas is born beneath the Brañas of Pojino, its waters run by the Nature Reserve of Sakha and its meanders to divide people into two halves to form an image central to the life of the inhabitants of San Mateo. 
Give name to the slopes of Mount San Mateo prosperous land and water not only for livestock but also for logging. 
It is no historical sites as well Braulio or Pozón, where for years served as a recreational area for residents. In the area of Industrial Park belongs to the people, the river goes Rebujas abandoning the town to lead the Besaya. 
Unfortunately the situation of neglect mean that both the flora and animal is in a critical situation affecting even the different migratory birds.
Culture.
In" 'St. Matthew festival highlights its music Rebujas Rock, and the different activities under the organization of the SCD REBUJAS. 
The academic activity is given by the CPREBUJAS and IES Estela de Cantabria latter located in Barrio La Pena del Campo. 
Sports and Cultural Society.
The recent People's sociocultural history of San Mateo is linked to birth in 1982, "Pena Rebujas." A non-profit society that was originally founded with the primary objective of maintaining and revitalizing the Schutzheiligenfest San Mateo. 
At the same time sport, culture and traditions of the people will be strengthened since its inception. In the year 2007 celebrated its 25 anniversary. 
Today has a consolidated Head office with more than 250 partners and countless sympathizers, a meeting place of all neighbours and where pivoting all the numerous activities carried out by the SCD Rebujas. 
The current directive is formed by: 
Regional grouping of suits.
Since 2001" 'St. Matthew'" costumes are tailored to regional maintain the spirit and tradition of the great diversity of this element in Cantabria. More than 50 suits today are with those who are considered and not just walk in the feasts of the people but by the whole geography of Cantabria due to the strong affinity that people have with the region. 
Sports.
Bowling.
Emphasizes the Bolus palm: Sport vernacular Cantabria in San Mateo has the PB Rebujas-Cagigas Solar as well as a Training School. Its main activities are: Regional Cadet Championship, Championship Base Cagigas-Solar Championship Veterans Memorial "Romualdo Garcia evil" and Social Championship. 
Football hall.
The village has received numerous federal and equipment where, despite the few people who have the people, in the year 2004 equipment child was Champion Cantabria and represented the region in the Championship Spain. 

</doc>
<doc id="19067426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067426" title="Las 30 Cumbias Más Pegadas">
Las 30 Cumbias Más Pegadas

Las 30 Cumbias Más Pegadas (Eng.: "The 30 Best Cumbias") is the title of a compilation album, which features music from Los Angeles Azules, Los Askis, Rayito Colombiano, Grupo Latino, Grupo Maracuya, Los Llayras, Mr. Chivo, Aniceto Molina, Super Grupo G, La Tropa Vallenata, Los Vallenatos, Yahari, among others. This album peaked at number-one in the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart for one week.
Tracklisting.
The tracklisting from Billboard.com

</doc>
<doc id="19067437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067437" title="Grant Wilkinson">
Grant Wilkinson

Grant Wilkinson (born 1974) is a self-taught British gunsmith convicted of illegally converting replica firearms to fire live ammunition. On August 28, 2008, Wilkinson was sentenced to life imprisonment, with the minimum eligibility for parole set for 11 years time.
Criminal record.
Wilkinson was a habitual criminal, in trouble with the police at age 13 over a theft and first convicted of an offence in 1995. In 1996 he received a four-year sentence for grievous bodily harm. In 2002 he received a three-year sentence for the possession of drugs for supply. But by 2004 he was free, and he proceeded to purchase 90 blank-firing replica MAC-10s under an assumed name, claiming they were to be used as props in a James Bond film.
A man with borderline learning disabilities and functionally illiterate, having a history showing failure within formal education, including the need to attend special education.
Firearms manufacture.
The blank-firers were converted to fire live ammunition in a derelict outbuilding fitted out with computer controlled machine tools. The converted replicas were sold to criminals who employed them in at least 50 shootings including nine cases where victims were killed. This included high profile cases such as the murder of police officer Sharon Beshenivsky, that of Nigerian teenager Michael Dosunmu and Richard Holmes (by rapper Carl Dobson).
Police reportedly determined in 2005- from ballistic tests conducted on recovered bullets- that a number of shootings were connected to a number of firearms from a single batch. They visited gun dealer Guy Savage, who had sold the replica firearms, and obtained a photo he had secretly taken of Wilkinson. However, Wilkinson would not be apprehended until neighbors discovered his conversion operation and informed the police. 
11 of the firearms were discovered at the site and in a field in Birminghamshire. 39 others have been recovered from locations in London, Southampton, Birmingham, and the West Country. At the time of Wilkinson's conviction in 2008, this left 40, presumably converted, MAC-10's in the hands of criminals. At least two more have since been recovered, with the police offering rewards of up to 10,000 pounds for information leading to the recovery of one of the firearms.

</doc>
<doc id="19067472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067472" title="Bill McChesney (politician)">
Bill McChesney (politician)

Bill McChesney is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, representing District 40 since 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19067527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067527" title="Quarry lake (disambiguation)">
Quarry lake (disambiguation)

Quarry Lake may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19067571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067571" title="Said Serhan">
Said Serhan

Said Serhan (Arabic; سعيد سرحان) is a Lebanese actor, writer and TV presenter.
Overview.
Said graduated in 2002 from the Lebanese University, Fine Arts institute. He conducted films and plays in Lebanon and abroad. He is the presenter of Al-Darb TV Show at Aljazeera Children channel.At an early age he showed a love for performing arts and took the stage to perform for the first time in front of a huge crowd at the age of 9. 
Graduated in 1998 from high school with a scientific diploma, he applied for the faculty of arts in the Lebanese university. Graduated in 2002 with a diploma in acting. 
In 2005 he started presenting alongside Gretta Al Rayess the hit t.v show "Addarb" on Jazeera children channel since that time almost 1000 episodes have been made, and the show goes on. 
In theater Said played in several performances. But it was MAAARCH by director and actor Issam Bou Khaled, his first big performance that made people notice him. In 2009 he played in Issam bou Khaled " Banafsaj" This time the test was big, Said had to play an animalized human character and he had to do that alongside the actress Bernadette Houdaib. "Banafsaj" was simply a big hit.
In cinema he played in "Falafel" by director Michel Kammoun. On set, he met director Talal Khoury and since that time they shot five films together, and the show will go on.

</doc>
<doc id="19067576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067576" title="Lipodermatosclerosis">
Lipodermatosclerosis

Lipodermatosclerosis (also known as "Chronic panniculitis with lipomembranous changes," "Hypodermitis sclerodermiformis," "Sclerosing panniculitis," and "Stasis panniculitis") is a skin and connective tissue disease. It is a form of lower extremity panniculitis, an inflammation of the layer of fat under the epidermis.
Symptoms.
Pain may be the first noticed symptom. People with lipodermatosclerosis have tapering of their legs above the ankles, forming a constricting band resembling an inverted champagne bottle. In addition, there may be brownish-red pigmentation and induration.
Causes.
The exact cause of lipodermatosclerosis is unknown. Venous disease, such as venous incompetence, venous hypertension, and body mass ("obesity") may be relevant to the underlying pathogenesis.
Increased blood pressure in the veins (venous hypertension) can cause diffusion of substances, including fibrin, out of capillaries. Fibrotic tissue may predispose the tissue to ulceration. Recurrent ulceration and fat necrosis is associated with lipodermatosclerosis. In advanced lipodermatosclerosis the proximal leg swells from chronic venous obstruction and the lower leg shrinks from chronic ulceration and fat necrosis resulting in the inverted coke bottle appearance of the lower leg.
Lipodermatosclerosis is most commonly diagnosed in middle-aged women.
The origin of lipodermatosclerosis is probably multifactorial, involving tissue hypoxia, leakage of proteins into the interstitium, and leukocyte activation. Studies of patients with lipodermatosclerosis have demonstrated significantly decreased concentrations of cutaneous oxygen associated with decreased capillary density. Capillaries are virtually absent in areas of fibrotic scars, leading to a condition known as atrophie blanche or livedoid vasculopathy. 
Treatment.
The management of lipodermatosclerosis may include treating venous insufficiency with leg elevation and elastic compression stockings; in some difficult cases, the condition may be improved with the additional use of the fibrinolytic agent, stanozol. Fibronolytic agents use an enzymatic action to help dissolve blood clots.
External links.
"Note: This article contains material adapted from the public domain source "Lipodermatosclerosis: Questions and Answers", by the U.S federal government's Genetic and Rare Diseases Information Center"

</doc>
<doc id="19067578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067578" title="Bill Thomas (Montana politician)">
Bill Thomas (Montana politician)

Bill Thomas is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, representing District 26 since 2007. He previously served from 1997 through 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19067583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067583" title="List of First Ladies of the United States">
List of First Ladies of the United States

The First Lady of the United States is the hostess of the White House. The position is traditionally filled by the wife of the president of the United States, but, on occasion, the title has been applied to women who were not presidents’ wives, such as when the president was a bachelor or widower, or when the wife of the president was unable to fulfill the duties of the First Lady herself. The First Lady is not an elected position; it carries no official duties and receives no salary. Nonetheless, she attends many official ceremonies and functions of state either along with or in place of the president. Traditionally, the First Lady does not hold outside employment while occupying the office. She has her own staff, including the White House Social Secretary, the Chief of Staff, the Press Secretary, the Chief Floral Designer, and the Executive Chef. The Office of the First Lady is also in charge of all social and ceremonial events of the White House, and is a branch of the Executive Office of the President. 
According to the White House and the National First Ladies' Library, there have been forty-six First Ladies and forty-seven First Ladyships. This discrepancy exists because Grover Cleveland served two non-consecutive terms and is counted chronologically as both the twenty-second and the twenty-fourth president; his wife Frances Folsom Cleveland is also counted twice. Following Barack Obama's first inauguration on January 20, 2009, his wife, Michelle Obama, became the forty-sixth official First Lady, succeeding Laura Bush, wife of former President George W. Bush. 
There are five living former First Ladies: Rosalynn Carter, wife of Jimmy Carter; Nancy Reagan, widow of Ronald Reagan; Barbara Bush, wife of George H. W. Bush; Hillary Rodham Clinton, wife of Bill Clinton; and Laura Bush, wife of George W. Bush. The first First Lady was Martha Washington, married to George Washington. Presidents John Tyler and Thomas Woodrow Wilson had two official First Ladies; both remarried during their presidential tenures. The wives of four Presidents died before their husbands were sworn into office but are still considered First Ladies by the White House and National First Ladies' Library: Martha Jefferson, wife of Thomas Jefferson; Rachel Jackson, wife of Andrew Jackson; Hannah Van Buren, wife of Martin Van Buren; and Ellen Lewis Herndon Arthur, wife of Chester A. Arthur. One woman who was not married to a President but who is still considered an official First Lady: Harriet Lane, niece of bachelor James Buchanan. The other non-spousal relatives who served as White House hostesses are not recognised by the First Ladies' Library.
In 2007, the United States Mint began releasing a set of half-ounce $10 gold coins under the First Spouse Program with engravings of portraits of the First Ladies on the obverse. When a President served without a spouse, a gold coin is issued that bears an obverse image emblematic of Liberty as depicted on a circulating coin of that era and a reverse image emblematic of themes of that President's life. This is true for the coins for Thomas Jefferson, Andrew Jackson, Martin Van Buren and James Buchanan's First Ladies, but not the coin for Chester A. Arthur's First Lady, which will instead depict suffragette Alice Paul.
List of First Ladies.
This list included all persons who served as First Ladies, regardless of whether they were married to the incumbent President of not. A First Lady who was not married to the incumbent appears in grey boxes. The numbering follows the First Ladies' Library listing, which includes presidents' wives that predeceased their husband's entering office. First Ladies not recognised by First Ladies' Library listing are marked with a .

</doc>
<doc id="19067593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067593" title="La mala ordina">
La mala ordina

La mala ordina or Manhunt is a poliziottesco film written and directed by the Italian crime film specialist Fernando Di Leo in 1972. It is the second part of Di Leo's "Milieu Trilogy", starting with "Milano calibro 9" in 1972 and ending with "Il Boss" (The Boss) in 1973. It had been released under a number of titles including The Italian Connection, Hired to Kill and Black Kingpin.
Plot.
Small-time pimp Luca Canali (Mario Adorf) is hunted by both local mobsters and two killers (Henry Silva and Woody Strode) sent by the New York mafia after a shipment of heroin fails to arrive. But it becomes apparent he is not as soft as he appears as a deadly cat-and-mouse game is played out on the streets of Milan. The film contains a dramatic chase scene where Canali pursues an assassin both on car and on foot.
The two American hitmen have contrasting personalities. Dave (Silva) is something of a playboy and loudmouth, while Frank (Strode) is quiet and professional. The concept of two hitmen teamed up, one black and one white, appears to have been a likely inspiration for the characters played by John Travolta and Samuel L. Jackson in Pulp Fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="19067616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067616" title="Route 54 (MTA Maryland)">
Route 54 (MTA Maryland)

Route 54 is a bus route that operates in Baltimore and its suburbs, serving the corridors of Park Heights Avenue, Milford Mill Road, and Liberty Road. All trips operate from the Penn-North Metro Subway Station in Baltimore City to the Milford Mill Metro Subway Station in Pikesville. From there, about 50% of trips continue to Randallstown. The route, which started operating on August 24, 2008, is a combination of the most recent versions of the former routes M-3 and M-8, which had been operating since 1984 and 1987 respectively. Prior to these dates, the routes had been served by other buses and streetcars.
History.
Prior to its use in 2008, the no. 54 designation had been used for bus service along Liberty and Milford Mill Roads from 1948 to 1955. With this exception, other designations were used for service along all portions of the current route.
1916 to 1948.
In 1916, the no. 5 streetcar started operating along the Park Heights Avenue corridor. This route originally operated to Emory Grove in Reisterstown, but later would be shortened in several steps and gradually replaced by various buses. It was truncated to Pikesville in 1932, Manhattan Avenue (near Northern Parkway) in 1938, and ultimately saw its end as a streetcar in 1948.
Route E became the first bus to operate to Randallstown in 1922, and continued to operate under this designation until it was redesignated as Route 54 in 1948.
1948 to 1984.
In 1948, the no. 5 streetcar was converted into a bus operation. The line was identified as the no. 5/7 line from 1948 to 1959, and was then split into two separate lines, identified as the no. 5 and 7. From this day until 1984, Route 5 provided service at all times along Park Heights Avenue from Slade Avenue to downtown Baltimore and beyond. Route 5 continued to provide service on Park Heights Avenue when the Metro was not operating until 2001, when full-time Sunday Metro service was introduced on Route M-3.
The original no. 54 line provided service from 1948 to 1955 along Liberty and Milford Mill Roads. In 1955, the now-defunct Route 28 absorbed this service. Route 28 provided this service full time until 1984, when various Metro connection services replaced Route 28 service during Metro's hours of operation. Route 28 continued to operate 7 days a week until 1996, when the line was absorbed by Routes 5 and 27. Sunday service on Route 28 continued to operate until 2001, when Sunday Metro connection bus service was introduced.
1984 to 2008.
Route M-3.
Route M-3 started operating on June 18, 1984 between the Mondawmin Metro Subway Station and the intersection of Park Heights and Slade Avenues during Metro's hours of operation. Prior this date, Route 5 had used the bus loop of Slade Avenue, Reisterstown Road, and Seven Mile Lane. Route 5 and the new Route M-3 continued to use this loop.
In 1985, the line was extended south to the Penn-North Metro Subway Station, where it continued to operate until its final day of service in 2008, and where Route 54 continues to operate to this day. Route M-3 actually traveled a few blocks south of Penn-North to a loop at Cumberland and Carey Streets, where Route 21 also had a layover.
In 1987, Route M-3 was extended west to the new Milford Mill Metro Subway Station. The route remained unchanged for more than 20 years, with the exception of a short period of time in which selected trips operated via the Greenhill Apartments. This service is now provided more regularly by Route 97.
In September 2001, Sunday service was added with a schedule identical to Saturday service.
Route M-8.
On June 18, 1984, Route R-4 began operation between the Rogers Avenue Metro Subway Station and Randallstown. On August 31, 1987, the route was redesignated M-8, and the origin was briefly changed to the Reisterstown Plaza Station, but the routing change was reverted less than two weeks later due to customer complaints.
In 1997, MTA proposed to extend Route M-8 about a mile west of Randallstown to the intersection of Deer Park and Winands Roads in Kings Point. This plan was in response to the many riders who are forced to walk beyond the current loop to reach the residential and commercial development not served by any public bus line. However, this plan was scrapped less than three weeks before it was scheduled to be implemented as a result of community opposition. Brochures that were distributed announcing the Fall 1997 schedules changes indicated that the route would be extended as planned.
In September 2001, Sunday service was introduced on Route M-8 with a schedule identical to that on Saturday.
On October 23, 2005, Route M-8 was modified as part of the Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative. The new routing of the line was from the Milford Mill Metro Station to Randallstown. The original plan for Route M-8 was also to extend the line to the Owings Mills Station, but this was fought due to opposition from residents along McDonogh Road. Also controversial was the loss of service on Route M-8 along Liberty Road east of Milford Mill Road, as this would require riders to cross Liberty Road to transfer to the already existent Route M-1 to continue along the corridor, and that riders would lose the direct connection to several routes at the Rogers Avenue Station.
Service along Milford Mill Road was previously provided by Route P-6 from 1984 to 1987, which operate from the Reisterstown Plaza Station. In 1987, this was replaced by Route M-13, which ran from new Milford Mill Station to Liberty and Milford Mill Roads before looping via Liberty Road, Rolling Road, and Church Lane every 26 minutes. Route M-13 also had a branch to Bellemore Farms via Scotts Level Road that ran every 26 minutes during peak hours.
In 1988, Route M-13 was merged into Route M-1, and selected M-1 trips (hourly at most times) were extended to Milford Mill Station. Other selected M-1 trips during peak hours operated from Milford Mill Station to Bellemore Farms. Bellemore Farms service, which had been considered for elimination in 1998, was finally discontinued in 2005 as part of GBBI.
Sunday service along Milford Mill Road was provided by Route 7 until 2001.
Plan to combine routes.
The plan to combine routes M-3 and M-8 was first introduced early in 2006 as "Phase II" of the Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative. While this change itself was not widely opposed, the Maryland General Assembly passed language in its budget prohibiting any bus routes from being changed unless at least two public hearings were held. This effectively put the plan to merge these two routes on hold.
The plan was reintroduced at the hearings that were later held. While it had been supported by advocacy groups on the basis that it enabled direct bus service between Randallstown the Park Heights area of Northwest Baltimore, and that it once again allowed those in the Randallstown area a direct connection to several bus routes lost when the routing of M-8 had been modified in 2005, concern was addressed over the fact the new longer route would make worsen schedule adherence.
In 2007, GBBI was canceled, and the state announced plans to make more incremental changes, further delaying the plan to merge these lines. But during the spring of 2008, a series of hearings were held in which the plan was reintroduced. The only difference was that the new line would have a new numerical designation. The letter "M" would be dropped, and the new route would be identified as no. 54.
When the new combined route started, the layover spot at the intersection of Cumberland and Carey Streets remained. But while southbound M-3 buses had destination signs that read "PENN-NORTH" throughout the line's existence, Route 54 buses operating to the same location until were marked "Cumberland & Carey." This changed on February 8, 2009 when the routing of the bus loop was changed to use some streets in the Reservoir Hill area, and now read "North Avenue."

</doc>
<doc id="19067620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067620" title="Route 58 (MTA Maryland)">
Route 58 (MTA Maryland)

Route 58 is a bus route operated by the Maryland Transit Administration in Baltimore and its suburbs. The line's western terminus is the Reisterstown Plaza Metro Subway Station, and its eastern terminus is White Marsh Mall, though some peak hour trips make short turns in Overlea. Route 58 serves the communities of Glen, Cheswolde, Fallstaff, a large section of Northern Parkway, and a portion of Belair Road in Baltimore County.
The western portion of this route is based on that of the former Route M-10, and is identical to most of the route that Route M-10 followed since 1992, and exactly like that which has been followed since 2005, with the exception of Greenspring Station service, which is now provided by Route 60. The eastern half of this route is based on that of the now defunct Route 66, which was discontinued in 1993.
History.
The Greenspring Avenue corridor and the Cheswolde area was first served by the no. 47 streetcar prior to 1950. The no. 47 streetcar operated from Mt. Washington along Kelly Avenue, long before there was a light rail stop in the area. The line was originally constructed with the intention of being part of the Emory Grove Streetcar Line, but it was never completed to this extent, and later abandoned.
Route 58 designation.
The current Routes 58 and 60 replaced Route M-10 on August 24, 2008. But the no. 58 designation was previously used for several other bus lines that served many common areas. Between 1984 and 2008, the no. 58 designation was not used at all, and these areas were served by various Metro connection buses.
The original Route 58, which started operating in 1948, operated from Brighton to Greenspring Manor (near Cheswolde). It was merged as a branch of Route 44 in 1973, known as the "Brighton" branch. The Brighton branch of Route 44 operated until 2005, when as part of the Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative, it was discontinued, and riders were directed to use Route M-10, which operated nearby.
Another line numbered 58 started operating later in 1973 from Pimlico to Ranchleigh, but in 1975, this became a branch of Route 5.
There was also a Route 58A that operated from 1973 to 1975 from the Reisterstown Road Plaza to Greenwood via Villa Julie College. This service was later merged into Route 5 as a special branch, which operated until 1984, when Metro connection services took over. From 1987 to 2005, a line known as Route M-12 covered this route, serving Greenwood, Villa Julie, Stevenson, and Caves Road. This line, which underperformed and faced numerous cutbacks over its years of operation, was eliminated in 2005 as part of the Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative. MTA stated that the line was requiring a taxpayer subsidy of $9.41 per rider.Following public opposition, Route M-10 was extended from Greenspring Station to Villa Julie, and this area is currently covered by Route 60. This was after the portion of Route M-10 along Falls Road was also proposed for elimination.
Another line known as Route 58 operated from the Reisterstown Road Plaza to Mt. Washington from 1976 to 1978, but was discontinued.
1984-1992.
In 1984, in conjunction with the opening of the Baltimore Metro Subway, two new routes were formed, Routes P-7 and R-2. Route P-7 operated between the Reisterstown Plaza Station and Ranchleigh, serving Fallstaff. Route R-2 operated between the Rogers Avenue Station and Mt. Washington serving Cheswolde.
In 1987, in conjunction with the opening of Phase II of the Metro, Routes P-7 and R-2 were redesignated Routes M-10 and M-5, respectively. Route M-5 briefly had service to Towson State University via the Ruxton area, but this was later discontinued.
1992-2008.
In 1992, in conjunction with the opening of the Light Rail, Routes M-5 and M-10 were combined into a single line, which was given the M-10 designation. The new Route M-10 served both the Reisterstown Plaza and Rogers Avenue Metro stations, the Mt. Washington and Falls Road Light Rail Stops, and all points served by both of the previous routes, with the exception of short blocks on a few streets. Additionally, Saturday service was discontinued.
In 1998, Saturday service was added back to Route M-10, and a branch that operated twice daily via Old Court Road was discontinued. Sunday service was added for the first time ever in 2001.
In 2005, as part of the Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative, service via Old Pimlico Road was discontinued, and all trips were modified to operate to Mt. Washington via Smith Avenue, with all weekday trips continuing to Greenspring Station, and all peak hour trips continuing to Villa Julie College, replacing a portion of Route M-12, which was discontinued. The line was also shortened to Reisterstown Plaza Metro Station. The original plan had been to completely eliminate Route M-10 service on Falls Road, and operate Route M-10 via the present route of Route 58.
2008-present.
On August 24, 2008, Route M-10 was split into Routes 58 and 60. Route 58 operated along the same routing as before from the Reisterstown Plaza station to the intersection of Smith and Greenspring, then via Greenspring to the new Quarry Lake development. Route 60 was formed to operated along the full length of Clarks Lane without any deviations, and to serve all points of Route M-10 east of Greenspring.
In February 2009, Route 58 was modified to serve Mt. Washington following complaints from Quarry Lake residents over the buses.
On July 3, 2011, an extension of service to White Marsh Mall on Route 58 replaced the Route 15's service to White Marsh, allowing easier access there from the north. The extension travels via Falls Road, Northern Parkway, Belair Road, and White Marsh Boulevard. Service operates hourly, except during weekday peak periods where every other trip operates between the Reisterstown Plaza Metro Station and Overlea.

</doc>
<doc id="19067631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067631" title="Route 60 (MTA Maryland)">
Route 60 (MTA Maryland)

Route 60 is a bus route operated by the Maryland Transit Administration in Baltimore and its suburbs. The line currently operates weekdays only from the Reisterstown Plaza Metro Subway Station to Stevenson University during peak hours and Greenspring Station midday.
The route is based on that of the former Route M-10. It is especially similar to the pre-1992 route of Route M-10, except that it has no deviations from Clarks Lane, and that it operates via Smith Avenue to Mt. Washington rather than Old Pimlico Road to Falls Road.
History.
The Greenspring Avenue corridor and the Cheswolde area was first served by the no. 47 streetcar prior to 1950. The no. 47 streetcar operated from Mt. Washington along Kelly Avenue, long before there was a light rail stop in the area. The line was originally constructed with the intention of being part of the Emory Grove Streetcar Line, but it was never completed to this extent, and later abandoned.
The current Route 60 replaced a part of Route M-10 on August 24, 2008. Route M-10 had operated along various routes, serving Greenspring Station and other places in between since 1987. From 1984 to 1987, a Route P-7 had operated along a similar route.
Service to Villa Julie College, the predecessor of Stevenson University, has been provided by a variety of routes in the past. Route 58A operated from 1973 to 1975 from the Reisterstown Road Plaza to Greenwood via Villa Julie College. This service was later merged into Route 5 as a special branch, which operated until 1984, when Metro connection services took over. From 1987 to 2005, a line known as Route M-12 reached Villa Julie, also serving Greenwood, Stevenson, and Caves Road. This line, which underperformed and faced numerous cutbacks over its years of operation, was eliminated in 2005 as part of the Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative. MTA stated that the line was requiring a taxpayer subsidy of $9.41 per rider. Following public opposition, Route M-10 was extended from Greenspring Station to Villa Julie, and this area is currently covered by Route 60. This was after the portion of Route M-10 along Falls Road was also proposed for elimination but successfully fought.
1984-1992.
In 1984, in conjunction with the opening of the Baltimore Metro Subway, two new routes were formed, Routes P-7 and R-2. Route P-7 operated between the Reisterstown Plaza Station and Ranchleigh, serving Fallstaff. Route R-2 operated between the Rogers Avenue Station and Mt. Washington serving Cheswolde.
In 1987, in conjunction with the opening of Phase II of the Metro, Routes P-7 and R-2 were redesignated Routes M-10 and M-5 respectively. Initially, both operated on portions of Falls Road now served by Route 60. Route M-5 briefly had service to Towson State University via the Ruxton area, but this was later discontinued.
1992-2008.
In 1992, in conjunction with the opening of the Light Rail, Routes M-5 and M-10 were combined into a single line, which was given the M-10 designation. The new Route M-10 served both the Reisterstown Plaza and Rogers Avenue Metro stations, the Mt. Washington and Falls Road Light Rail Stops, and all points served by both of the previous routes, with the exception of short blocks on a few streets. Additionally, Saturday service was discontinued.
In 1998, Saturday service was added back to Route M-10, and a branch that operated twice daily via Old Court Road was discontinued. Sunday service was added for the first time ever in 2001.
In 2005, as part of the Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative, service via Old Pimlico Road was discontinued, and all trips were modified to operate to Mt. Washington via Smith Avenue, with all weekday trips continuing to Greenspring Station, and all peak hour trips continuing to Villa Julie College, replacing a portion of Route M-12, which was discontinued. The line was also shortened to Reisterstown Plaza Metro Station. The original plan had been to completely eliminate Route M-10 service on Falls Road, and operate Route M-10 via the present route of Route 58.
Changes in 2008.
On August 24, 2008, Route M-10 was split into Routes 58 and 60. Route 58 operated along the same routing as before from the Reisterstown Plaza station to the intersection of Smith and Greenspring, then via Greenspring to the new Quarry Lake development. Route 60 was formed to operate along the full length of Clarks Lane without any deviations, and to serve all points of Route M-10 east of Greenspring.
Following complaints from Quarry Lake residents over the buses, Route 58 was modified in February 2009 to operate to Mt. Washington and Route 60 service to Mt. Washington was supplemented.

</doc>
<doc id="19067636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067636" title="Angela Tessinari">
Angela Tessinari

Angela Tessinari is an American television director.
Positions held.
"All My Children"
"As the World Turns"
"The City"
"The Guiding Light" 
"Loving"
"The Young and the Restless"
Awards and nominations.
Tessinari has been nominated for nine Daytime Emmy awards in the category Outstanding Drama Series Directing Team, for her work on "The Guiding Light" and "All My Children". She was nominated from 1990 to 2008, and won once in 2003. Her first DE nomination was shared with Bruce S. Barry, Scott McKinsey, JoAnne Sedwick, Susan Dansby, Joanne Goodhart, and John O'Connell, while her win was shared with Conal O'Brien, Robert Scinto, James A. Baffico, Casey Childs, Barbara M. Simmons, Shirley Simmons, Karen Johnson, Terry Walker, A.J. Gundell, Jerry Pilato, Penny Bergman, Rusty Swope, and Tamara P. Grady.
She was also nominated for two Directors Guild of America awards in the category Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Daytime Serials, for her work on AMC. She was nominated in 2002 and 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19067652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067652" title="Skopje Film Festival">
Skopje Film Festival

The Skopje Film Festival () is a film festival held in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia. The five-day-festival takes part every year in March. Over 50 films are shown at this event, mostly from Macedonia and Europe, but also some non-commercial film productions from all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19067657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067657" title="David Banks">
David Banks

David Banks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19067705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067705" title="Chobhar">
Chobhar

Chobhar may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19067707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067707" title="Alpine-steppe">
Alpine-steppe

The alpine-steppe ecoregion is a high altitude natural grassland, in the montane grasslands and shrublands biome. The alpine-steppe receives very little rainfall.
Example.
The Tibetan plateau is one example of an alpine steppe. It has an average elevation of over 4,500 meters and receives, on average, 25 to 50 mm of rain per year.

</doc>
<doc id="19067710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067710" title="Wabash River Conference">
Wabash River Conference

Wabash River Conference is an eight-member Indiana High School Athletic Association (IHSAA)-sanctioned conference located within Fountain, Parke, Vermillion, and Warren Counties in West Central Indiana. All of the participating schools are either 1A or small 2A institutions in rural counties.

</doc>
<doc id="19067718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067718" title="Mike and Maty">
Mike and Maty

Mike and Maty was a daytime talk show which aired on ABC from April 11, 1994, to June 7, 1996, replacing "The Home Show", a daytime/nighttime informational talk show that aired on ABC from 1988 to 1994.
Hosted by Michael Burger and Maty Monfort, the series covered an array of subjects on each episode. Guests included celebrities and authors, as well as cooking, health, beauty and fitness experts. Some shows featured Michael Kearney as a special correspondent. 
"Mike and Maty" was replaced by "", a talk show hosted by the comedic duo known as The Mommies, which in turn was canceled after eleven months and replaced in 1997 by "The View", which currently occupies the timeslot.

</doc>
<doc id="19067722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067722" title="Christian Alusine Kamara-Taylor">
Christian Alusine Kamara-Taylor

Christian Alusine Kamara-Taylor (born June 3, 1917 - August 15, 1985) Popular known as C.A. was a Sierra Leonean politician and one of the founding members of the All People's Congress (APC), along with Siaka Stevens and Sorie Ibrahim Koroma. He served as Sierra Leone's Minister of Finance from 1971 to 1975. He became Minister of Interior in 1975. After the introduction of a one party constitution in 1978, Mr. C.A. Kamara-Taylor became the Second Vice-President of Sierra Leone, and held that post until his death in 1985.
Early life.
Christian Alusine Kamara-Taylor was born on June 3, 1917 in the small rural town of Kafanta, Tonko Limba Chiefdom, Kambia District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone to Limba parents. He attended the thlocal primary school in Kambia and the Methodist Boys High School in Freetown. He attended the Accountancy Business school in London, where he obtained a diploma in Business Management. He returned Sierra Leone and gained employment as a clerk for the Sierra Leone Development Company. He later joined the Sierra Leone Regiment, rising to the position of sergeant. He saw service in Burma during World War II, but left the army after the war. He then joined the United African Company, and became public relations officer and secretary to the general manager.
Politics.
Kamara-Taylor became active in local politics and was one of the founding members of the A.P.C. He served as the first secretary-general of the party, a position he handled admirably for over fifteen years. He entered parliament in 1957. He contested the 1962 Sierra Leone general lections, and was elected a member of parliament from Kambia East Constituency. He retained his seat in the 1967 general elections and, after the return to civilian rule in 1968, was appointed Minister of Lands, Mines and Labour. Following a cabinet reshuffle in 1971, he was appointed Minister of Finance. He became Prime Minister and Minister of Interior in 1975. After the introduction of a one party constitution in 1978, Mr. C.A. Kamara-Taylor became Second Vice-President, and held that post until his death in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19067735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067735" title="Gokarna">
Gokarna

Gokarna may refer to:
In geography:
In other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="19067745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067745" title="Chile at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Chile at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Chile competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. The country's delegation consisted of four competitors: two wheelchair tennis players, one track and field athlete, and one swimmer. Other members of the delegation included the President of the Paralympic Federation of Chile, Mario Quijada, the Mission Chief, Patricio Bowen, and Doctor Alberto Vargas. The group left for Beijing on September 1. Tennis player Robinson Méndez was the country's flag bearer in the opening ceremony.
In tennis, Méndez and Francisco Cayulef competed in both singles and doubles events. Runner Cristián Valenzuela participated in the 1500 metre race, and swimmer Macarena Quero took part in the 50 metre freestyle S10 event.

</doc>
<doc id="19067753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067753" title="Marvin's Room (studio)">
Marvin's Room (studio)

Marvin's Room (originally named "Marvin Gaye Studios") is a recording studio founded by American recording artist Marvin Gaye in Los Angeles.
Created by the singer in 1975 soon after re-negotiating his deal with Motown, the singer built the studios on Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood as a spacious apartment-like complex, big enough to be a studio, home and, for a time, a dance club. It was once called "the Studio 54 of the West Coast".
There, Gaye recorded his late-1970s material including "I Want You", "Here, My Dear", the hit single "Got to Give It Up", his shelved "Ballads" album (later released as the "Vulnerable" album in 1997), and a shelved disco-styled album, "Love Man", which was later re-worked and released in 1981 as "In Our Lifetime".
Gaye's studio would often run parties where many of the Hollywood elite including Diana Ross and Muhammad Ali and other musicians and even politicians would be spotted.
The studio was shut down as the singer's legal and financial troubles foreclosed on his house and cars, as well as the studio. Marvin's ex-wife, Janis Gaye, said that Marvin was "emotionally crushed" by the sale of the studio at the end of 1979.
It was later renamed in the mid-1980s as Eldorado Studios where rock groups such as Alice in Chains recorded, with them unaware that the studio was once owned by Gaye. In 1997, the studio was restored by former record company executive, John McClain, who purchased the studio saving it from being turned into a photo lab. Since then, artists including Prince, Michael Jackson, Luther Vandross, Mary J. Blige, Usher, Mariah Carey, Lenny Kravitz, and Drake have recorded there. The studio still operates as Marvin's Room, whilst the owners of Eldorado Studios have moved their operation to the Burbank area of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="19067763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067763" title="Michael Mandt">
Michael Mandt

Michael Mandt (born October 25, 1971) is a television producer.
Early life.
Born in Ohio, Mandt graduated from Fordham University in the Bronx, New York, and moved north to Bristol, Connecticut where he began his television career as a Production Assistant at ESPN working on SportsCenter and other studio shows.
Television and film.
Michael worked as a producer for NBC Sports during the 2000 Summer Olympics and his work earned an Emmy Award. In 2001, he and his brother Neil Mandt started Mandt Bros. Productions. That same year, they produced Reel Classics Uncut for ESPN. The following year, they produced ESPN's first reality show: "Beg, Borrow & Deal". In 2003, the brothers created the show "Jim Rome is Burning" starring popular sports radio host Jim Rome. In 2004, they created the series "My Crazy Life" for E! Entertainment Television and in 2007 they created "Destination Truth" for the Sci Fi Channel. Michael has also produced and or directed segments of the ESPY awards since 2005.
Michael Mandt appeared in the film "Hijacking Hollywood". More recently, he produced the indie film "Last Stop for Paul" in 2006.
In January 2012, Neil and his brother sent shock waves through the sports and entertainment world when they entered into a partnership agreement with RUFF China, the organization in who holds a permit to put on MMA events as a legal sport in the country of China. Together with his brother, Neil is working with RUFF to establish the world's biggest MMA league in the world, based in China.
In the Spring of 2012 Neil and his brother Michael saw a long term movie project finally pay off when Jon Hamm, star of Mad Men, attached himself to star in the movie The Million Dollar Arm. The feature film was based on the real life story of two young men from India who were plucked from obscurity to be signed into the Pittsburgh Pirates baseball organization. The Mandt brothers found the story and were instrumental in putting the original deal together that led to the movie deal with Hamm and Disney. They are attached as Co-Producers on the film, along with Mark Ciardi, Gordon Grey and Joe Roth.
Internet.
In 2007, Neil and Michael launched FantasySportsGirl.com, a site which provides daily video content for fantasy sports fans. The duo were also nominated for a Webby Award for their work on "Last Stop for Paul".

</doc>
<doc id="19067779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067779" title="Mary Clark-Glass">
Mary Clark-Glass

Mary Clark-Glass is an academic, medical administrator and former politician in Northern Ireland.
Clark-Glass became a lecturer in law at the Queens University of Belfast in 1974, and became a known as a commentator on legal and human rights issues and as a prominent feminist. In 1984, she became head of the Northern Ireland Equal Opportunities Commission, and also served as a Human Rights Commissioner on the Northern Ireland Commission for Racial Equality and as Chair of Victim Support. In 1990, she was awarded a CBE.
The Alliance Party of Northern Ireland stood Clark-Glass as their candidate for the Northern Ireland constituency in the European Parliament election in 1994, hoping that she would emulate the success of Mary Robinson in the Irish presidential election in 1990. She took fourth place in the election, making her the best placed candidate not to win a seat, but took only 4.1% of the first preference votes. Following the election, Clark-Glass acted as part of the Alliance's team for the talks which led to the Good Friday Agreement. At the Northern Ireland Forum election of 1996, she was third on the party list in Lagan Valley and eighth on the "top-up" list, but did not come close to being elected.
In 1997, Clark-Glass was appointed to the Commission for Racial Equality. She subsequently ceased political activity, and in 1999 was appointed to the General Medical Council. She also became a member of the Health Professions Council and the General Dental Council.

</doc>
<doc id="19067800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067800" title="14/48">
14/48

14/48, the self-described “world’s quickest theater festival,” is a speed theatre festival that takes place semiannually in Seattle, Washington. The name of the festival derives from the unique format of creating and presenting 14 world-premiere short plays over the course of two days, or 48 hours.
History.
The festival was founded in 1997 by playwright Michael Neff and actor Jodi-Paul Wooster. Since its inception, the festival has commissioned and presented the world premieres of over 500 original short plays. In 2008, the festival was awarded the Seattle Mayor’s Arts Award. The festival has been produced (by veterans of the Seattle festival) in Wolverhampton, England, in Islamabad, Pakistan, and in numerous venues in Seattle. For many years, the festival was housed at (and co-produced by) the Consolidated Works contemporary arts center. Following the center’s closing in 2006, the festival moved to the Capitol Hill Arts Center, until that center’s closing in 2008. Currently, the festival is presented at ACT Theater and the Center House Theater at Seattle Center.
Process.
The process has remained largely unchanged since its creation in 1997. The weekend begins on a Thursday evening with a private meeting of the participants. The playwrights, directors, actors, musicians, designers, and producers all write ideas for themes for the following night’s plays on pieces of paper. One theme is (literally) pulled out of a hat, and the seven playwrights turn to the task of writing a 10-minute play each on the randomly drawn theme.
Early the following morning, the seven playwrights submit their plays and in randomly assembled teams (again, drawn from a hat) the seven teams have 10 hours to rehearse, score, design, build, and then present those seven plays. The audience for that first evening of plays then submits ideas for themes for the following night’s plays, and at the end of the evening one of these themes is drawn from a hat. The seven playwrights again turn to writing, and the process repeats (in new, randomly assembled teams) for a second day.
Participants.
Past participants in the festival include Dan Savage, Eddie Levi-Lee, Matthew Richter, Juniper Shuey, Sarah Rudinoff, Craig Lucas, Jodi-Paul Wooster, Dennis Wilken, Sean Nelson, Shawn Belyea, and Megan Ahiers

</doc>
<doc id="19067801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067801" title="Fin (band)">
Fin (band)

fiN are an British rock band formed in South West London, Surrey, England in 2011. The band consists of Luke Joyce (Vocals/Guitar) Jonny Garner (Guitar), Kerry Lambert (Bass) and Simon Harding (Drums). fiN began releasing music in October 2011 with a debut Double A side single "The Artisan/It Changes Everything" (2011); The band were quickly labeled as the Heaviest Indie band around and are likened to Foo fighters, dEUS (band) & Radiohead.
History.
fiN Released 4 Double A side 7 inch singles "The Artisan/It Changes Everything", "Everybody Dies Alone/Rapture","Twenty Three/Eve" and "Life Is Wasted On The Living/Lucky You". Each Single had a self-made video and a download code.They Self Recorded their debut album "Life Is Wasted On The Living" and released it (digitally) on the 25th of March 2013.The Album was mixed by Adrian Bushby Foo Fighters, Muse The band have written, released & recorded their music through their own record label Artisan Records. They have been very vocal about their DIY approach and have received much praise for this and their ambition 
The band spells their name with all lower case except a capital N. This is because they are influenced by the dEUS (band) who spell their name in a similar way.
Touring.
In late 2011, fiN grabbed the attention of rock band Incubus (band) and took fiN on an extensive tour of the UK and Europe. The band also Toured with The Kooks, Feeder, Howler (band) and most recently supported Muse at the The O2 Arena.
Radio.
The band's debut single "The Artisan" was Mary Anne Hobbs XFM Game Changer, single of the week and received national radio rotation on London's XFM and plays on Amazing Radio
Press.
The band have had several articles written about them in the press. fiN were the Guardian's band of the week. The Evening Standard wrote a review on the bands single release at Bush Hall . and the Digital fix said "fiN are born for the live arena" Clash Magazine ran a piece on the band and their DIY approach to music 

</doc>
<doc id="19067807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067807" title="Jim Breazeale">
Jim Breazeale

James Leo Breazeale (born October 3, 1949 in Houston, Texas) is a retired American Major League Baseball first baseman. Standing tall and weighing , he batted left-handed, and threw right-handed. Breazeale was drafted by the Atlanta Braves with the eighth pick of the first round of the January 1968 Major League Baseball Draft. 
He played four seasons in the Major Leagues, three with the Braves (; –), and one for the Chicago White Sox (). In his MLB career, Breazeale played 89 games with 179 at bats and 40 hits. He had three home runs, 33 RBIs, 20 runs, and a .223 batting average. He played his final game on July 19, 1978 with the White Sox.

</doc>
<doc id="19067812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067812" title="CFL Football '99">
CFL Football '99

"CFL Football '99" is a gridiron football video game developed by Victoria, British Columbia-based entrepreneur David Winter. It is an officially licensed product of the Canadian Football League and the Canadian Football League Players Association. The title is best known for being the only video game based on the CFL to date.
Designer David Winter originally specialized in administrative and industrial applications, doing business through his private firm Wintervalley Software. He obtained the rights to the CFL brand in 1998 and launched a new company, CDE (Canadian Digital Entertainment Inc.), for the purpose of marketing CFL Football '99. Despite the launch of CDE, part of the game's development was outsourced to American middleware provider Phantom Reality.
Description.
CFL Football '99 was not a fast-paced, console-style title; rather, it was a simulation in the mold of Sierra's Front Page Sports Football franchise. Similar to the contemporary Front Page Sports Football, it mostly used 2D graphics.
Reception.
Reception of the game was mixed. Casual players were disappointed as they were hoping for a more mainstream take on Canadian football. Simulation veterans were eager to recognize the game's potential, but most accepted the fact that it could not rival established names in the same subgenre.
Follow-ups.
Winter started working on a second installment in his CFL series, this time using a 3D graphics engine. But over the course of development, he decided to broaden the game's scope by putting the emphasis on customization instead of the CFL licence. Official CFL content was scrapped in favor of more options: the game allowed the player to pick his own ruleset and field size from various gridiron football codes. In 2001, the project was rechristened Maximum Football and it eventually secured U.S. distribution. 
Maximum Football was released in 2006 after a protracted development cycle. In earlier press releases, the developer hinted that Maximum Football would kick-start a franchise of sports games with a common focus on flexibility and management, such as Maximum Hockey, Maximum Baseball, and Maximum Lacrosse. For logistic reasons, none of the planned spin-offs were released. However, Maximum Football 2.0 shipped in 2007 and maintains a dedicated fanbase. The game can still be played using Canadian football rules.

</doc>
<doc id="19067833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067833" title="Momoko Kōchi">
Momoko Kōchi

Momoko Kōchi (河内桃子 Kōchi Momoko) (7 March 1932 – 5 November 1998) was a Japanese actress. She was born in Japan. She is best known for her roles in the original "Godzilla", playing the character of Emiko Yamane (and later reprised the role in Godzilla vs Destoroyah in 1995 for the last time), and in "The Mysterians", playing as Hiroko Iwamoto.

</doc>
<doc id="19067838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067838" title="Trofeo Villa de Gijón">
Trofeo Villa de Gijón

The Trofeo Villa de Gijón, called Trofeo Costa Verde until 1992, is a friendly football tournament played annually since 1962 in Estadio Municipal El Molinón in Gijón, Asturias, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19067839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067839" title="West Central Conference (Indiana)">
West Central Conference (Indiana)

The West Central Conference is a six-member IHSAA-sanctioned conference formed in 1970. The members are located within Hendricks, Morgan, and Putnam Counties in West Central Indiana. Of the six schools, four are in a rural county, Putnam, and the remaining three are in two Indianapolis area suburban counties (Hendricks and Morgan).

</doc>
<doc id="19067871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067871" title="Amadeus Institute">
Amadeus Institute

Amadeus Institute is a think tank and policy organization based in Morocco and founded by Brahim Fassi Fihri. The organization produces research and analysis on strategic issues concerning Morocco, North Africa and Middle East, the Mediterranean region, Africa and the South.
The Amadeus Institute is an independent Moroccan think tank, founded in 2008 and based in Rabat. It came to life in order to contribute to the Moroccan and Maghreban public debate. It also acts as the Voice of the South to communicate its vision and concerns at the global level.
The Amadeus institute has a double role: analysis and creating debates. It operates as a laboratory of ideas and a unique creator of debates. It is at the same time a centre of reflection, dialogue proposition and consultancy, but also a platform of exchanges, meetings and North-South and South-South cooperation.
There is a synergy between the Institute’s various activities, mainly between its Center of Analyses and Publications and its events/conferences.
MEDays.
The annual forum MEDays brings together policy and economic leaders from the world and particularly from the EMEA and Africa regions :

</doc>
<doc id="19067891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067891" title="2008 Summer Paralympics opening ceremony">
2008 Summer Paralympics opening ceremony

The 2008 Summer Paralympics opening ceremony was held at the Beijing National Stadium on September 6, 2008 just two weeks after the end of the 2008 Summer Olympics. The event was themed "One World, One Dream" and "Transcendence, Integration, Equality." The show was attended by about 91,000 to 100,000 spectators. It was approximately 3-hours in length and consisted of 6,000 performers and 4,000 disabled athletes from 148 countries.
Pre-ceremony performance.
The site of pre-ceremony performance is the Small Stage to the north of the field. After Pre-ceremony performance, the hosts give interactive guidance to the audience for 40 minutes. The pre-ceremony performance included a series of musical performances.
Opening ceremony.
Welcoming ceremony.
President of the People's Republic of China Hu Jintao makes an entrance along with Philip Craven, president of the International Paralympic Committee. Fireworks are displayed counting down the numbers 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 after a short video. The flag of the PRC is raised while the military band of the Chinese People's Liberation Army play the national anthem March of the Volunteers. More fireworks are displayed. Cartoon marathon athletes wear suits of different colors to form a line of rainbow. The rainbow stripe stretches around the stadium. They form the symbol of the Paralympic Games.
Parade of nations.
As with the 2008 Summer Olympics, the ceremony included a parade of nations, with a flag bearer for each national team. . As Chinese is written in characters and not letters, the order of the teams' entry was determined by the number of strokes in the first character of their respective countries' Simplified Chinese names.In this list the, host country came last Countries with the same number of strokes in the first character are sorted by those of the next character. This made Guinea (几内亚) the first country to enter as it takes two strokes to write the first character in the country's name (几). A total of 148 nations enter in the predetermined order. With the Paralympic Games, athletes enter the stadium first and then watch the performances together with the audience. A huge feather consisting of 148 feathers is formed within the Bird's Nest, with each feather symbolizing the ideal of all people with disability in the world.
Artistic section.
Sound of birds chirping resonate in the otherwise silent stadium. A sunbird flies from the top of the Bird's Nest. Then the sunbird flies down to the golden meadow in the field to awaken a blind singer from his sleep. The sunbird chirps in front of him, and the singer translates the sunbird's message for the whole audience with sign language. Meanwhile, Chinese and English voice-over is aired "there are dreams in life after all". The sunbird and the blind singer Yang Haitao (杨海涛) walk onto the center stage in the field together referred to as the "White Jade Plate". Yang performs the song "Heaven" (天域), then saids "My name is Yang Haitao. I am blind. My home is China. If I can see the light for three days, I want to see my father, my mother and you the most…" A white cloud appears, then a trumpeter plays the music of "Hello, Stars" and 300 deaf girls communicate with sign languages, led by 50 sign language teachers. The girls form a series of circles at the "White Jade Plate" and expand. Fireworks are lighted.
A girl with one leg appears in a wheelchair. She wears one pair of red shoes having lost her leg in the Sichuan earthquake. She is circled by a group of ballet performers dancing with arm aerobics wearing shoes in their hands. The girl in the center is then carried around. 
Blind pianist Jin Yuanhui (金元辉) plays the piano to accompany the four seasons theme. The plate panels are rotated in different colors to represent different sceneries. Then 2,000 space robots appear in a circle. They change into the four forms of frog, seagull, cow and duck with a popular cartoon dance. The audience imitate the sounds of these animals: "Croak! Croak! Croak!" " Moo! Moo! Moo!" and "Quack! Quack! Quack!" Fireworks are displayed. The Paralympics mascot Fu Niu Lele (福牛乐乐) is represented. 
A female singer pushing a baby carriage and a male singer walk and sing on the White Jade Plate. 100 female dancers slowly flow to the White Jade Plate like a galaxy. Thousands of luminous silver threads pull the whole Earth, as if he is carrying a traveling bag full of mountains, rivers and lands of the whole world. A display of 750 performers form birds and swans with their hands. On the blue backdrop it appears as birds or animals in the sky.
Speech.
Liu Qi, head of the Beijing Organizing Committee accompanies Philip Craven, president of the IPC, to the podium to give an address. Paramount leader Hu Jintao then declares the Paralympics games opened at 22:36 Beijing time.
Paralympic flame lighting of the flame cauldron.
After a performance of the theme song "Flying with the Dream" by Han Hong and Andy Lau, the Paralympic flag was raised and the Paralympic anthem played. 
Representatives of the athletes and judges then take an oath. Chinese goalball judge Hao Guohua took the Paralympic oath on behalf of all officials, while Paralympic runner Wu Chunmiao took the oath on behalf of the competitors.
The first torchbearer, Jin Jing, brought in the Olympic torch lit from the Temple of Heaven in Beijing. It was handed down by six torchbearers. The Paralympic flame is transferred last by Ping Yali to Hou Bin, the high jump gold medalist with one leg. In his wheelchair, Hou Bin pulls himself up to the cauldron and the flame is lit. A long series of firework is displayed around the stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="19067895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067895" title="Conventional pollutant">
Conventional pollutant

A conventional pollutant is a term used in the USA to describe a water pollutant that is amenable to treatment by a municipal sewage treatment plant. A basic list of conventional pollutants is defined in the U.S. Clean Water Act. The list has been amended in regulations issued by the Environmental Protection Agency:
The "Secondary Treatment Regulation" contains national discharge standards for BOD, pH and TSS, applicable to sewage treatment plants in the U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="19067938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067938" title="Landscape of Farewell">
Landscape of Farewell

Landscape of Farewell is a 2007 novel by the Australian author Alex Miller.

</doc>
<doc id="19067942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067942" title="CWA New Blood Dagger">
CWA New Blood Dagger

__NOTOC__
The CWA New Blood Dagger is an annual award given by the British Crime Writers' Association (CWA) for first books by previously unpublished writers. It is given in memory of CWA founder John Creasey and was previously known as The John Creasey Memorial Award.Publisher Chivers Press was the sponsor from the award's introduction in 1973 to 2002. BBC Audiobooks was the sponsor since 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19067943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067943" title="Stephanie Courtney">
Stephanie Courtney

Stephanie Courtney (born February 8, 1970) is an American actress and comedian, best known for playing the advertising character Flo in television and radio commercials for Progressive Insurance, and noted for her recurring roles on several television series, including the voices of Renee the Receptionist and Joy Peters on the Adult Swim comedy "Tom Goes to the Mayor" (2004–2006); Marge on the AMC drama "Mad Men" (2007); and Diane on the ABC comedy "Cavemen" (2007). She also appeared in the season 2 premiere of "Men of a Certain Age". Courtney is a member of The Groundlings, an improvisational and sketch comedy theater in Los Angeles, California.
Early life and education.
Courtney was born in Stony Point, New York, the youngest of three children of a high-school history-teacher father and a singer mother. In 1992 she graduated from Binghamton University, where she had played Elizabeth Proctor in "The Crucible". By then, she said, “I was never tortured over whether I wanted to become an actor. There was never another option in my mind.” After graduation, she moved to New York City, where her roommate was future author and columnist Megan Daum. While working as evening secretary for Smith Barney chairman Robert S. Greenhill, Courtney studied acting at the Neighborhood Playhouse.
She moved to Los Angeles, where she roomed with her sister, actress Jennifer Courtney. The two wrote and performed the sketch "Those Courtney Girls" in Los Angeles and at the Aspen Comedy Festival. She joined the training program of the improvisational and sketch comedy group The Groundlings, and in 2004 became a member of its 30-person main company. There she met its theater's lighting director, Scott Kolanach, whom she married in 2008.
During her early time in Los Angeles she worked odd jobs to support herself, including catering.
Career.
Courtney broke into television commercials with a Bud Light beer ad on a Super Bowl. She went on to appear in commercials for Skittles, SC Johnson Glade products, General Mills, and the Wienerschnitzel restaurant chain. She began her role as Flo, a quirky, chipper sales clerk in an abstract insurance retail store in a series of Progressive Auto Insurance commercials in 2008.
As one critic described the character's appeal,
The campaign's designer, Progressive executive Chris Owens, said in 2010, "We wanted to show how easy it was to buy insurance and how Progressive was a great value. We decided to put a fun and energetic face on it, someone who had a great personality and was friendly with customers. Stephanie came to the audition and gave such an amazing performance, everyone looked at each other and said, 'She's our girl.'"
The actress considers the character "me at my silliest. You start off with a script, but at the end they usually let me put a little zinger in there. ... Flo could be one of my improv characters, always on and sort of cracked in a weird way." To create the look, "They tease my hair, spray it and stick the headband in it. And the makeup is like painting a portrait on my face. ... It totally changes things on my face. It's like having a mask on." The character's sex appeal to some viewers baffles her, she said: "I don't know what it is. The way I play her, she's pretty much the most asexual thing on TV right now. I think the Geico lizard puts out more sexual vibes than Flo does."
She has appeared in such films as "The Brothers Solomon", "Blades of Glory", "The Heartbreak Kid", "Melvin Goes to Dinner", for which she and the ensemble cast were awarded the Copper Wing at the 2003 Phoenix Film Festival, and "".
Courtney was a member of the improv team Sliced Bread, which appeared on the improv-comedy competition "World Cup Comedy" on the Ion Network, then the Pax Network.
She appeared on the season-three episode "Dad" of "Angel", as well as on a season-seven episode of "House M.D.", entitled "Selfish", the "Everybody Loves Raymond" episode "Cookies" and the "United States of Tara" episode "Aftermath."

</doc>
<doc id="19067958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067958" title="Lancelot (novel)">
Lancelot (novel)

Lancelot is a 1977 novel by the American author Walker Percy. It tells the story of the dejected lawyer Lancelot Lamar, who murders his wife after discovering that he is not the father of her youngest daughter. He ends up in a mental institution, where his story is told through his reflections on his disturbing past. The novel compares the protagonist unfavorably to his namesake, Sir Lancelot, as he experiences a vision of an empty modern American culture which invokes the symbolism of the mythical Wasteland. Lamar's quest to expose this moral emptiness is a transposition of the quest for the Holy Grail; as he witnesses and records the increasing moral depravity of his wife and daughter during the filming of a Hollywood movie, he becomes obsessed with and corrupted by the immorality he seeks to condemn. The novel is replete with Arthurian references, including characters based on Merlin and Percival.

</doc>
<doc id="19067968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19067968" title="Japan National Route 486">
Japan National Route 486

National Route 486 is a national highway of Japan connecting between Sōja, Okayama and Higashihiroshima, Hiroshima in Japan, with total length has 130.8 km (81.27 mi).

</doc>
<doc id="19068055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068055" title="Hiroshi Koizumi">
Hiroshi Koizumi


</doc>
<doc id="19068059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068059" title="Li Deliang">
Li Deliang

Li Deliang (Chinese: 李德亮; born September 6, 1967) is a retired male diver from PR China. He competed at the 1988 Seoul Olympic Games, and won the bronze medal in Men's 3m Springboard event.

</doc>
<doc id="19068074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068074" title="Sueños (album)">
Sueños (album)

Sueños (Eng.: "Dreams") is the title of a studio album released by norteño music band Intocable. This album became their first number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart for 4 weeks and received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album.
Tracklisting.
The tracklisting from Billboard.com
Credits.
The information form Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19068087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068087" title="Western Indiana Conference">
Western Indiana Conference

The Western Indiana Conference is the name of two IHSAA-sanctioned conferences based in West Central Indiana. The first formed as an eight-team league that formed as a basketball league in 1944 as the West Central Conference. The league started expanding in 1945 and changed its name to the WIC. With consolidation forcing many membership changes in the 1970s (including all of its Terre Haute public schools), the conference dwindled to four members in 1977, and folded in 1983.
The second incarnation started in 1999, including four previous members (or their current incarnations) from the old conference, and three other schools from South Central Indiana. Its only changes in membership were in football, where South Vermillion played independently for the 2007 and 2008 seasons before rejoining the conference.

</doc>
<doc id="19068115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068115" title="Glam God with Vivica A. Fox">
Glam God with Vivica A. Fox

Glam God with Vivica A. Fox is an American reality television show hosted by Vivica A. Fox. The series aired on VH1 from August to October 2008.
Overview.
In the series, twelve contestants compete to become the next "Glam God". A Glam God is a stylist who gets their clients on the best dressed.
The winner of "Glam God" Season 1 was Indashio.
Episode Summary.
Episode 1: "Who Wore It Best".
The groups were as follows:
Episode 2: "What they Thinking?".
The hot trend challenge was to style an outfit for actress Aimee Garcia. The winning group will have their design worn by Garcia at a red carpet event.
Episode 4: "Low Life in High Heels".
This challenge started with the teams designing a look for a starlet to wear, finally they had to salvage her look after she exits a nightclub with the paparazzi watching her every move. Joachim's drinking embarrasses the team.
Episode 5: "Growing Pains".
This week the stylists get a wake up call that is literally a blast from the past. They must take a signature item from the past and revolutionize it to current style. Can the final seven stylists go from vintage to modern?

</doc>
<doc id="19068168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068168" title="Sue Dickenson">
Sue Dickenson

Sue M. Dickenson is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, representing District 25 since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19068169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068169" title="Li Qing">
Li Qing

Li Qing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19068179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068179" title="Theodore Timby">
Theodore Timby

Theodore Ruggles Timby (died c. 1909) is credited as the inventor of the revolving gun turret that was used on the USS Monitor, the ironclad warship that fought in the American Civil War. He was born in Dutchess County, New York on April 5, 1822. Early in life, at the age of 16, he invented a method for raising ships out of the water for repairs by sinking a water-filled box beneath it, then forcing the water out through pumps in order to raise the ship.
Throughout the 1840s, Timby perfected a revolving gun turret for use on land or water. He constructed a model and brought it to Washington but met with little success, as war was not imminent. However, with the outbreak of the Civil War, Timby brought his model to the Abraham Lincoln White House, and this time met with a much warmer reception.
Meanwhile, a Swedish-born architect named John Ericsson had submitted a proposal to build an ironclad ship for the Union navy. The Monitor was built for $195,000 and was sold to the Union Navy for $270,000. Timby received a 5 percent commission of $13,500. 
Timby spent much of his life in Saratoga Springs, New York, having moved there in 1860. He patented a wide variety of other inventions, such as a door sash, water wheel, paper cutter, needle case, and a globe clock that was sold in such numbers that some can be seen today on auction sites.
There was an effort in the early 1900s to give credit to Timby for his turret invention. The "Washington Post" stated in 1909 shortly after his death that "John Ericsson has for years monopolized all of the credit for inventing and building the "Monitor", but as a matter of fact he was joint inventor with Theodore Timby."

</doc>
<doc id="19068203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068203" title="Li Qing (diver)">
Li Qing (diver)

Li Qing (; born December 1, 1972) is a female Chinese diver. She competed at 1988 Seoul Olympic Games, and won a silver medal in the women's 3 m springboard.
Li is married to Tan Liangde, also a famous Chinese diver and Olympic medalist. They have a daughter. The Olympic champion, Hu Jia, is their student.

</doc>
<doc id="19068224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068224" title="Parahelicoprion">
Parahelicoprion

Parahelicoprion is an extinct genus of eugeneodontid, shark-like holocephalid from the Permian of the Ural Mountains and South America.

</doc>
<doc id="19068225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068225" title="White River Conference (Indiana)">
White River Conference (Indiana)

The White River Conference was an IHSAA-sanctioned conference located within rural areas of East Central Indiana, that existed twice, once from 1954 to 1977, and from 1989 to 2010. The first version of the conference was founded as a home for high schools in Madison County who weren't in the Central Indiana Athletic Conference. The conference would expand quickly from six to nine schools, as two new high schools in Anderson and Middletown, a school in Henry County, were added within two years. Membership was generally not stable until 1969, as Madison Heights left, Highland was forced out and eventually added back into the conference, St. Mary's closed, member schools consolidated, and schools from neighboring Delaware and Hancock counties were added. Eventually, large disparities in enrollment causing the conference to disband, as city and consolidated schools outgrew their rural counterparts.. Schools would move into the Big Blue River Conference, Classic Athletic Conference, and Mid-Eastern Conference.
The conference was refounded in 1989, with virtually the same lineup as 1977. Pendleton Heights and Yorktown had been independent since the demise of the CAC, and Mount Vernon had been independent since the original WRC folded. Lapel and Shenandoah were left without a home with the break up of the BBRC, while Frankton and Wes-Del were eager to join a conference that sponsor football (they played independently since the MEC does not sponsor the sport). Anderson Highland was the only member who did not rejoin, as their move to the Olympic Conference caused the demise of the CAC. Delta, another former CAC school, would take their place in the reformed conference, and divisions in football were introduced to address enrollment disparity.
This lineup would remain intact until 1995, though a massive change would happen in the next three years as five schools left. Delta, Mount Vernon, and Pendleton Heights would all leave for the Hoosier Heritage Conference, while Yorktown would join the Rangeline Conference before also ending up in the HHC. Frankton would join the more geographically compact Central Indiana Athletic Conference in 1998, joining fellow northern Madison County schools Alexandria and Elwood. The WRC countered by adding two former BBRC schools: Knightstown (1995) and Eastern Hancock (1997). While the number of members in the conference shrank, its five members were of similar size and demographic. The conference remained stable for the next decade.
The end of the conference began when Wes-Del left after the 2007-08 academic year to rejoin the MEC. Lapel then joined the Indiana Crossroads Conference in 2009-10, playing in both conferences for the season before becoming a full member of the ICC for 2010-11. The three remaining schools afterward became independents. Eastern Hancock is now in the Mid-Hoosier Conference and its football arm, the Mid-Indiana Football Conference. These conferences are also possible destination for both Knightstown and Shenandoah in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="19068235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068235" title="Iran at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Iran at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Iran participated at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. The country's delegation consists of 72 competitors in nine sports: football 7-a-side, goalball, judo, powerlifting, shooting, table tennis, track and field athletics, volleyball, and wheelchair basketball.
Results by event.
Athletics.
Women

</doc>
<doc id="19068240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068240" title="Electoral district of Beeloo">
Electoral district of Beeloo

Beeloo was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Western Australia from 1956 to 1968. Beeloo was named for one of the three clans (Mooro, Beeloo and Beeliar) of Nyungar people who inhabited the Perth metropolitan area prior to European settlement. Beeloo was considered to be a safe seat for the Australian Labor Party, and only had one member, Colin Jamieson.
History.
Beeloo was initially within the vast electorate of Canning. In 1911, just 50 people voted at the Belmont and Welshpool Road booths, and by 1950, this had grown to 410 at Belmont, 685 at Welshpool and 692 at Queens Park. However, the area grew rapidly following the Second World War as industry developed at Belmont, Kewdale and Forrestfield, and Housing Commission areas were built to support them. At the 1955 redistribution, the new electorate of Beeloo was created—the only district to be so created. The previous member for Canning, Labor member Colin Jamieson who was first elected in 1953, secured the seat at the 1956 election.
At the 1962 election, Beeloo moved further south into Cannington and Queens Park, whilst a new seat of Belmont was created. 
At the redistribution taking effect from the 1968 election, Beeloo was abolished, and Belmont shifted southwards. Jamieson successfully transferred to Belmont at the election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19068241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068241" title="Careers TV">
Careers TV

Careers TV is a Canadian daytime television series about the world of occupations. The program airs on A and Access.

</doc>
<doc id="19068251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068251" title="Julie French">
Julie French

Julie E. French is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, representing District 36 since 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19068294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068294" title="LHTEC">
LHTEC

LHTEC (Light Helicopter Turbine Engine Company) is a joint venture between Rolls-Royce and Honeywell. The company was originally a partnership between the Allison Engine Company and AlliedSignal Aerospace . In 1995 Rolls-Royce acquired Allison, and AlliedSignal merged with Honeywell in 1999, and adopted its name.
The partnership was formed to develop the T800 turboshaft engine for the United States Army's RAH-66 Comanche armed reconnaissance helicopter. Despite the cancellation of this 650+ aircraft project, the company has been able to sell the T800, and its civil CTS800 model, for other applications, namely the AgustaWestland Super Lynx and Future Lynx.

</doc>
<doc id="19068314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068314" title="A-1 Yola">
A-1 Yola

A-1 Yola may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19068331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068331" title="Ninety from the Nineties">
Ninety from the Nineties

Ninety from the Nineties: A Decade of Printing was an exhibition held at the New York Public Library from November 7, 2003 through May 28, 2004. 
"Ninety from the Nineties" showcased a selection of ninety books made in the 1990s that were chosen on the merit of book arts. Note that the books were not necessarily written in the 1990s; some were older texts that were used to make special books in the 1990s. And, the books were not selected on literary merit.
In a contemporary review, "The New York Times" described the concept of the selection like this: "books, which we are accustomed to thinking of as containers — and conveyers — of information, are placed in a context in which form is valued over content. Language is less important than the type that impresses it on the page. The paper counts for more than the story told on it. The illustrations and the binding might be the story."
The books were divided into five categories: binding, paper, type, illustration and "inspiration." The exhibition was curated by Virginia Bartow.
Books in the exhibition.
Following is a list of the ninety books selected and shown in the exhibition. The source for this list is the exhibition catalogue.

</doc>
<doc id="19068367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068367" title="Pavlo Pashayev">
Pavlo Pashayev

Pavlo Pashayev (; born 4 January 1988 in Krasnyi Luch, Luhansk Oblast, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Karpaty Lviv in the Ukrainian Premier League.
Career.
Pashayev was loaned from Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk to Kryvbas at the end of the 2008–09 summer transfer window until the end of 2008. He was recalled back to Dnipro in January 2009. He is the product of the Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk Youth school system. His twin brother, Maksym Pashayev played as a defender for Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk, but died after a car accident in December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19068368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068368" title="Mangindusa">
Mangindusa

Mangindusa, is one of the four highly revered gods in the Tagbanua mythology, is also known as the "lord of the heavens."
Mangindusa dwells in a sacred area called Awan-awan, a place lying beyond the "langit", in a region between the sky world and the earth. He lives with his wife Bugawasin, his messengers, and other celestial beings. 
While Mangindusa is considered the highest-ranking deity, there is no traditional ascription to him as the sole "creator" of the world, although Christian mythology has had some influence in imbuing Mangindusa with more powers than he used to possess. In fact, the creation of the world and of human beings is said to have been the handiwork of the "diwata". 
Mangindusa has always been traditionally considered the punisher of "dusa" (crime). In Tagbanua society, the only recognized public dusa is "sumbang" (incest). In this case, Mangindusa holds the society responsible for the "sumbang". Mangindusa's punishment of the society may take the form of withholding the rains. In the past, society punished the offenders by drowning them in the sea. In present society, a huge fine is imposed and in top of this a special "lumbay" ritual must given in honor of Mangindusa.

</doc>
<doc id="19068374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068374" title="CLidar">
CLidar

The CLidar is a scientific instrument used for measuring particulates (aerosols) in the lower atmosphere. CLidar stands for camera lidar, which in turn is a portmanteau of "light" and "radar". It is a form of remote sensing and used for atmospheric physics. 
Description.
In this technique a very wide-angle lens images light scattered from a laser beam onto a CCD (Charge-coupled device) camera. The camera is positioned hundreds of meters away from the (usually vertically-pointed) laser beam. The geometry of the CLidar is shown in the figure. It is important in the analysis that the optics, the wide-angle lens in this case, accurately maps equal angles onto an equal number of pixels throughout the 100 degree field-of-view.
Example.
In the second figure, an image from the CCD camera is shown which is analyzed by adding up the individual pixels at each altitude.The camera was 122 meters from the vertically pointed, circularly-polarized laser beam. The beam is brighter near the ground due to near-ground aerosols. A bright spot due to a cloud can be seen near the top of the beam. The beam was positioned diagonally on the CCD array to use the space more effectively. A lighthouse and power pole can also be seen in the image.
Differences between Lidar and CLidar.
The CLidar technique has the advantage over the lidar technique of being able to measure all the way to the ground. The signal strength is also much more constant than a lidar signal which can change by many orders of magnitude. It has very high altitude resolution in the lower atmosphere. The instrument components are typically simpler than those in the lidar also. 
Disadvantages include poor altitude resolution in the upper atmosphere, difficulty designing optics that gathers substantial amounts of light, and a loss in noise rejection (signal-to-noise ratio).

</doc>
<doc id="19068390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068390" title="Vladimir Osipovich Sherwood">
Vladimir Osipovich Sherwood

Vladimir Osipovich Sherwood (, also spelled Shervud, August 30, 1832, Istleyevo, Tambov Governorate – July 27, 1897) was a Russian architect who worked in Moscow. He was an Eclectics and Russian Revival practitioner, author of the State Historical Museum in Moscow. He was the son of Joseph Sherwood, an Anglo-Russian engineer hired to build canals in Russia whose father William Sherwood, a Catholic cotton machine engineer who had come to Russia in 1800. Joseph died when Vladimir was five years old - his uncle John Sherwood was an influential lieutenant in the Tsar Alexander I's service. Vladimir Osipovich became one of the most visible architects of the Alexander III version of Russian Revival, also noted for his Plevna Chapel and Nikolay Pirogov memorial in Moscow.
He was the father of:
He was the grandfather of artist Vladimir Favorsky the son of his daughter Olga Sherwood.

</doc>
<doc id="19068395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068395" title="Zhang Xianghua">
Zhang Xianghua

Zhang Xianghua (Chinese: 张香花) is a female Chinese rower. She competed at 1988 Seoul Olympic Games. Together with her teammates, she won a silver medal in Women's Coxed Four, and a bronze medal in Women's Coxed Eight.

</doc>
<doc id="19068400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068400" title="Vladimir Vladimirovich Sherwood">
Vladimir Vladimirovich Sherwood

Vladimir Vladimirovich Sherwood (, also spelled Shervud, May 17, 1867 — June 18, 1930), was a Russian architect who worked in Moscow in 1895-1914 in Art Nouveau style and "modernized classics" variant of Russian neoclassical revival that predated modernist architecture of 1920s.
Biography.
Vladimir Sherwood, junior, was the son of Vladimir Osipovich Sherwood (Владимир Осипович Шервуд, 1832 — 1897), architect of the State Historical Museum in Red Square. His brother Sergei Vladimirovich Sherwood (1858 — 1899) also became an architect but died prematurely; another brother, Leonid Vladimirovich Sherwood (1871 — 1954) became a sculptor based in Saint Petersburg.
Vladimir Sherwood graduated from the Moscow School of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture in 1895, and was employed first as the house architect of Bromley Steel Works (1898 — 1903) and by the Moscow Merchant Society — a business consortium responsible for redevelopment of Kitai-Gorod and Central Squares of Moscow (1903 — 1910). Sherwood is credited with work on the new master plan for Kitai-gorod, partially executed before World War I, although exact extent of his input has not been reliably studied.
His first independent work was a Gothic revival Reck Mansion on the Garden Ring (destroyed). It was followed by an extant apartment block in Smolenskaya Square which remained Sherwood's only pure example of Art Nouveau. As he gained experience, popularity of this style faded and Sherwood's later works gradually moved from simplified Art Nouveau to "modernized classics". His career peaked in the five years preceding the outbreak of World War I. Sherwood became notable as the author of numerous rental apartment and office buildings; three of his projects are listed on the protected buildings register: 12-14 Novokuznetskaya Street, 7-7 Malaya Polyanka Street (Ivan Shmelyov home), and a large neoclassical block at 1, Solyanka Street.
Sherwood's best known work, Titov Building, at 4, Staraya Square, was a radical departure from his Art Nouveau practice. Stylistically it was in line with Russian neoclassical revival, however, the design emphasized the steel frame structure and was marked by unusually large glass surfaces providing adequate insolation to deep office floors of this mixed-use building. Sherwood refused to use classical order altogether, creating "classical atmosphere" with carefully measures indents of stone-clad pilasters and cornices, and a modest, purely decorative pediment. Contemporaries marked this style as "modernized classics" (); it was reused by stalinist architecture to the point where Titov Building is frequently mistaken for a mid-20th century government edifice.
In 1920s—1991 former Titov Building housed the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union headquarters and became the symbol of party apparatus. It is currently occupied by the Presidential Administration of Russia. Titov building, completed in 1915, remained the last recorded work by Sherwood; he lived the remaining 15 years of his life in Moscow but was not involved in construction projects anymore.
See also.
Architects involved in Kitai-Gorod redevelopment by Moscow Merchant Society, 1890s-1917:

</doc>
<doc id="19068435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068435" title="Andrew Carpenter (baseball)">
Andrew Carpenter (baseball)

Andrew James Rudolph "Drew" Carpenter (born May 18, 1985) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers organization. A graduate of Long Beach State University, Carpenter has played in Major League Baseball for the Philadelphia Phillies, San Diego Padres and Toronto Blue Jays. He was called up to the majors for the first time on August 27, 2008.
Career.
Philadelphia Phillies.
After posting a 7–4 record and a 2.91 earned run average (ERA) in the 2006 season for Long Beach State, Carpenter was drafted by the Philadelphia Phillies in the 2nd round of the 2006 MLB Draft and signed on June 14 of the same year. The team assigned him to the Gulf Coast League Phillies, a rookie-league affiliate, where he appeared in two games before being promoted to short-season Batavia for the remainder of the season.
Carpenter pitched well enough to earn a promotion to high-A Clearwater for the 2007 season, and he did not disappoint. In 24 starts for the Threshers, Carpenter posted a 17–6 record and a 3.30 ERA, striking out 116 batters in 161 innings pitched. In August, Carpenter pitched a seven-inning perfect game against the Fort Myers Miracle.
After posting a 3–3 record and an even lower ERA of 2.98 at the beginning of 2008, the Phillies promoted him to Reading, where he struggled to a 2–7 record, allowing 83 hits and 46 earned runs in 59⅔ innings.
The Phillies called up Carpenter to the majors on August 27, 2008. At the time of his call-up, he had posted a 4–1 record with a 3.44 ERA in his prior five starts. Carpenter made his Major League debut that night, pitching the ninth inning in relief against the New York Mets.
Carpenter participated in the 2008 Arizona Fall League as a member of the Mesa Solar Sox.
The Phillies called him up for the second time on May 16, 2009, to make his first career Major League start. Though Carpenter did not pitch the requisite five innings, he did earn his first major league win in a rain-shortened, six-inning game against Washington, pitching 4⅓ innings and allowing 5 earned runs on 8 hits and 3 walks.
The Phillies called up Carpenter for the third time on July 20, 2010 to replace Kyle Kendrick in the Phillies' starting rotation.
He was in 11 total games for the Phillies over parts of four seasons, while spending most of his time in AAA with the Lehigh Valley IronPigs. He had a 1-1 record and 8.53 ERA with the Phillies.
San Diego Padres.
On September 2, 2011, Carpenter was claimed off waivers by the San Diego Padres. He pitched in 6 games for the Padres with a 8.44 ERA.
Toronto Blue Jays.
The Toronto Blue Jays claimed him off waivers on November 18, 2011. The Blue Jays planned to designate Carpenter for assignment on July 21, 2012; however, Jason Frasor was placed on the DL instead. Carpenter was designated for assignment on August 4.
On August 6, Carpenter was outrighted to the Las Vegas 51s. Carpenter refused the assignment and became a free agent on August 7.
New York Mets.
Carpenter was signed to a minor league contract by the New York Mets on August 10, 2012, and assigned to their Double-A affiliate Binghamton Mets. He was used as a relief pitcher, and appeared in five games for Binghamton, and five for the Mets' Triple-A affiliate Buffalo Bisons.
Chicago Cubs.
The Chicago Cubs signed Carpenter to a minor league contract with a major league spring training invitaton on December 7, 2012. He started the 2013 season with the Triple-A Iowa Cubs.
Colorado Rockies.
The Colorado Rockies acquired Carpenter from the Cubs on May 11, 2013, and assigned him to the AAA Colorado Springs Sky Sox.
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim signed Carpenter to a minor league contract on July 9, 2013, after being released by the Rockies on June 29. The Angels assigned him to the Double-A Arkansas Travelers. Carpenter was released on August 2.
Oakland Athletics.
The Oakland Athletics signed Carpenter to a minor league contract on August 12, 2013 and assigned him to the Double-A Midland RockHounds.
Los Angeles Dodgers.
He signed a minor league contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers in December, 2013.
Scouting.
Carpenter throws a fastball between 88 and . His repertoire includes a pair of breaking pitches: a slider, widely considered a strong pitch, and a split-finger fastball, which has developed into his "out" pitch. He also throws a changeup, new to his repertoire since turning pro. 

</doc>
<doc id="19068474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068474" title="Chacaicosaurus">
Chacaicosaurus

Chacaicosaurus is an extinct genus of long-snouted thunnosaur ichthyosaur known from northwestern Patagonia of Argentina.
Description.
"Chacaicosaurus" is known only from the holotype MOZ 5803, articulated partial skeleton which preserved partial skull and almost complete forefin. It was collected in the Chacaico Sur locality from the "Emileia giebeli" ammonoid zone of the Los Molles Formation, Cuyo Group, dating to the early Bajocian stage of the Middle Jurassic, about 171.6-170 million years ago. It was found near Zapala city of the Neuquén Basin. "Chacaicosaurus", alongside with "Mollesaurus periallus" which was found at the same locality, are the only diagnostic ichthyosaur specimens from the Aalenian-Bathonian interval.
In the original description Fernández didn't assign "Chacaicosaurus" to a particular family. Maisch and Matzke (2000) and Maisch (2010) regarded it to be an advanced stenopterygiid. However, a recent cladistic analysis found that "Chacaicosaurus" is a basal thunnosaur which is placed outside both Stenopterygiidae and Ophthalmosauridae.
Etymology.
"Chacaicosaurus" was named by Marta S. Fernández in 1994 and the type species is "Chacaicosaurus cayi". The generic name is derived from the name of the Chacaico Sur locality, in which the holotype was collected, and "sauros", Greek for "lizard".

</doc>
<doc id="19068478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068478" title="California gold coinage">
California gold coinage

California gold coinage was produced from the early 1850s until 1882. In the early period, from roughly 1852 through 1856, the coins were made for actual use due to a lack of familiar small denomination currency in the California gold fields. This shortage eased around 1856 and the gold coins made in the later period appear to have been intended only as souvenirs. They generally show little circulation wear and contain less gold than would be expected from their face value.
California gold was made in denominations of $1, 50 cents, and 25 cents. As a result, the coins were quite small. Some are round; others octagonal. They were issued by private businesses, usually jewelers, and were often hand-struck.

</doc>
<doc id="19068479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068479" title="Hu Yadong">
Hu Yadong

Hu Yadong (Chinese: 胡亚东) (Born October 3, 1968) is a female Chinese rower. She competed at 1988 Seoul Olympic Games. Together with her teammates, she won a silver medal in Women's Coxed Four, and a bronze medal in Women's Coxed Eight.

</doc>
<doc id="19068480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068480" title="Live from London 2006">
Live from London 2006

The Fantômas Melvins Big Band is a DVD of the collaboration between Fantômas and The Melvins that was released on August 26, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19068484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068484" title="Bradford Thomas Wagner">
Bradford Thomas Wagner

Bradford Thomas Wagner (1968 - July 13, 2005) was an American real estate agent and former pornographic actor who committed suicide while in police custody as a suspected serial rapist.
Early life and career.
Wagner was born in 1968 in Bismarck, North Dakota to Kenneth and Bernadette (Glatt) Wagner. He had a brother and three sisters.
Under the stage name Tim Barnett, he appeared in more than twenty gay pornographic films in the early 1990s. He had also worked as a part-time ski instructor and as a real estate agent in Aspen, Colorado.
Arrest and death.
Police arrested Wagner in June 2004. He was a suspect in the rapes of five women between 1993 and 1998 at the Tantra Lake and Bridgewalk apartment complexes in Boulder, Colorado, an unsolved 1994 rape case in Lakewood, Colorado, and another in 1995 in Austin, Texas. According to law enforcement officials, DNA evidence linked him to the crimes.
Wagner hanged himself with a bed sheet in his jail cell in Boulder and died July 13, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19068492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068492" title="Yang Xiao (scientist)">
Yang Xiao (scientist)

Yang Xiao () is a professor of computer science at the University of Alabama.
Biography.
Yang Xiao currently is a full professor of Department of Computer Science at The University of Alabama. He was a voting member of IEEE 802.11 Working Group from 2001 to 2004. He served/serves as a panelist for the US National Science Foundation (NSF), Canada Foundation for Innovation (CFI)'s Telecommunications expert committee, and the American Institute of Biological Sciences (AIBS), as well as a referee/reviewer for many national and international funding agencies. 
His research areas are security and communications/networks. He has published more than 200 SCI-indexed journal papers (including 50 IEEE/ACM transactions papers) and over 200 EI-indexed refereed conference papers and book chapters related to these research areas. Dr. Xiao’s research has been supported by the US National Science Foundation (NSF), U.S. Army Research, The Global Environment for Network Innovations (GENI), Fleet Industrial Supply Center-San Diego (FISCSD), FIATECH, and The University of Alabama's Research Grants Committee. He currently serves as Editor-in-Chief for International Journal of Security and Networks (IJSN) and International Journal of Sensor Networks (IJSNet) (SCI-index). 
Dr. Xiao delivered 20 keynote speeches for international conferences and gave more than 60 invited talks at different international institutes. 
肖杨博士目前在阿拉巴马大学(University of Alabama)计算机科学系任终身正教授. 阿拉巴马大学全国公立大学排名在前50所 (按照 U.S. News & World Report for 2006), 成立于1831年. 阿拉巴马大学的研究项目提供了12个部门的学士、硕士、教育专家、和博士学位. 肖杨的主要研究领域包括计算机/网络安全以及通讯/网络. 他在这些研究领域发表 400篇学术论文,包括二百多篇SCI期刊学术论文. 其中五十多篇发表在IEEE/ACM汇刊 (IEEE/ACM Transactions)上。肖杨出版编著了一十九本书。
他应邀在20多个国际学术大会上作主题演讲 (keynote speech), 并在许多大学作了60多个应邀学术报告。他是IEEE的高级会员. 他是美国远程医学协会会员. 肖杨博士的研究工作得到了美国国家科学基金 (US National Science Foundation - NSF) 等机构的资助。肖杨博士的研究工作已经得到了超过350万美元的项目资金资助（自己的份额超过100万美元）.
从2001年到2004年, 肖杨博士是IEEE802.11工作小组的投票会员. 目前他担任«网络安全国际杂志»主编, 和«传感器网络国际杂志» (SCI 索引) 主编。他先前担任«远程医疗和应用国际杂志»主编. 肖杨博士担任«IEEE汽车通讯技术汇刊», «IEEE通信综诉与指导», «EURASIP 无线通信和网络国际杂志», (Wiley) «无线通讯和移动计算», «国际无线和移动计算杂志», «IEEE通讯综述及指南», (Wiley) «安全和通讯网络», «近期工程专利», (Wiley) «国际通信系统杂志» (2005-2007) 等 副编缉或者编委。他为以下国际报刊杂志担任客席编缉: «IEEE 网络杂志», «IEEE无线通讯杂志», (Wiley) <无线通讯和移动计算», «EURASIP 无线通信和网络国际杂志», «网络安全国际杂志», «EURASIP 无线通信和网络国际杂志», (Wiley)<无线通讯和移动计算», (Elsevier) «电脑通讯», «国际无线和移动计算杂志», «远程医疗和应用国际杂志», (ACM/Springer) «移动网络和应用», (Springer) «电信系统», 等. 从2005年至今, 他担任世界科学出版社丛书“计算机与网络安全"联席主编. 他为以下财资机构担任项目资金评议人: 美国国家自然基金会, 美国陆军研究室, 加拿大创新基金会, 加拿大自然科学和工程研究理事会, 美国生物科学研究所, 美国陆军医学研究和装备司令部和远程医疗与先进技术研究中心, 美国和以色列两国科学基金会, 卡塔尔国家研究基金, 荷兰厂牌科技基金会, (香港)大学教育资助委员会(教资会), 香港研究资助局(研资局), 路易斯安那州摄政委员会, 马里兰科技发展公司, 中国科学院, 等. 他在20个国际会议/研讨会/讲习班担任主席, 程序委员主席/副主席, 等. 他在130多个国际会议担任程序委员会委员例如 INFOCOM, ICDCS, MOBIHOC, GLOBECOM, ICC, WCNC 等. 
肖杨博士(或与其他人)已编缉并出版了19 多本书 (Amazon.com)包括«无线局域网及蓝芽», «无线传感器网络安全», «无线网络设计和分析», «无线网络安全», «在无线网络安全和路径», «分发计算安全、网格计算安全、普适计算安全 », «Ad-hoc 网络和传感器网络», «WiMax/MobileFi: 研究和先进技术», «在分配制度和网络安全 », «无线多媒体网络适应技术», <移动远程医疗:电脑和网络视角», «认知无线电网络», «新兴的无线局域网, 无线锅, 和无线城域网», «传感器网络手册»,«水下传感器网络», «网络安全手册», «生物启发的电脑与网络». «智能电网的通信和网络», «智能电网的安全和隐私» 等.
作为指导教授，肖杨已培养了9名博士毕业生及19名硕士毕业生。其中5名博士成为大学助理教授，3名现已拿到终身教职并晋升为副教授.
肖杨1985年毕业于长春市十一高中 +. 由于高中杰出成绩并且荣获全国数学比赛奖, 肖杨于1985年初被保送(没有参加全国大学入学考试)进入吉林大学, 并且获得学士学位和硕士学位. 他在美国赖特州立大学获得计算机科学与计算机工程学博士学位. 他的名字被载入由美国Marquis出版的«世界名人录», «美国名人录», «美国教育界名人录», «计算科学与工程名人录», «金融商贸名人录» 等名人传记内。肖杨被应邀为吉林大学客座教授(2007-2012)和浙江大学兼任教授(2007-2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19068500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068500" title="S. A. M. Wood">
S. A. M. Wood

Sterling Alexander Martin Wood (March 17, 1823 – January 26, 1891) commonly referred to as S.A.M. Wood, was an American lawyer and newspaper editor from Alabama. He served as a Confederate general during the American Civil War until 1863, and resumed practicing law, served as a state legislator, and later taught law.
Early life and career.
Wood was born in Florence, Alabama, in the spring of 1823. He attended St. Joseph College in Kentucky in 1841, and then moved to Tennessee and became a lawyer there. In 1851 Wood returned to Alabama, where he served in the state legislature. Wood also held the position of "solicitor" of Alabama's fourth judicial court from 1851 to 1857. He was editor of Florence's "Gazette" newspaper in 1860, during which he actively supported John C. Breckinridge's unsuccessful bid for President of the United States.
Civil War.
Early service.
Wood chose to follow his home state of Alabama and the Confederate cause, and entered the state forces as a captain in the Alabama state forces as part of the "Florence Guard" on April 3, 1861. He was elected colonel of the 7th Alabama Infantry Regiment on May 18, and Wood and his regiment then served in Pensacola, Florida.
Wood was then given brigade command in the Western Theater in October 1861, joining the Army of Central Kentucky. He was promoted to brigadier general on January 7, 1862. Wood then commanded a brigade in the Army of Mississippi during the Battle of Shiloh in Tennessee on April 6, 1862, and was wounded when his horse dragged him.
Perryville.
Wood's most notable Confederate service came on October 8, 1862, when he and his brigade fought at Perryville, Kentucky, in the Battle of Perryville. His brigade was part of Maj. Gen. Simon B. Buckner's division in Maj. Gen. William J. Hardee's II Corps and participated in Buckner's attack on a Union position. The Confederates desired to force the Federals back and cut off their escape route at the Dixville Crossroads, effectively surrounding them. 
Union infantry and an artillery battery posted on a hill close to the Benton Road shot up Wood's men and forced them back to fall back. Wood reformed his brigade at the base of the hill and renewed the assault. The Federal guns ran low on ammunition and withdrew, and the Confederate attack pushed the Union infantry back towards the crossroads. After the charge Wood's men withdrew and were replaced by Brig. Gen. St. John Richardson Liddell's reserve brigade. In this fight Wood was wounded in the head and would be out of action until November, by which the Army of Mississippi was now called the Army of Tennessee.
Remaining campaigns.
Wood resumed command of his brigade on November 20, 1862, and fought in the Army of Tennessee's campaigns during the rest of 1862 and into 1863, including the bloody Battle of Stones River at year's end, throughout the Tullahoma Campaign in the summer of 1863 and the Battle of Chickamauga that September. However Wood resigned his commission on October 17, just prior to the Battles for Chattanooga in November.
Postbellum.
Wood resumed his law practice following his resignation from the Confederate Army, and would be pardoned by the U.S. Government after the war on November 4, 1865. He then served in again in the Alabama Legislature, and was a professor of law at the University of Alabama from 1889 to 1890. 
Wood also was the attorney for the Alabama Great Southern Railway from its beginnings in 1877 until his death. In early in 1891 at the age of 67, Wood died and was buried in Tuscaloosa, Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="19068504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068504" title="Tagbanwa mythology">
Tagbanwa mythology

The Tagbanwa mythology is part of the religious beliefs and superstitions that has shaped the Tagbanwa way of life. It shares certain similarities with that of other ethnic groups in the Philippines, such as in the belief in heaven, hell and the human soul.
The Tagbanwa deities.
The Diwatas.
The diwatas control the rain, and they are believed to be the creator of the world and of the human beings. They live where the tree trunks that hold up the "Langit" ("an infinitely high canopy"), which is the visible celestial region. 
The Tagbanwa soul.
A Tagbanwa is believed to have six souls in all. A "true soul" called "kiyarulwa", and five secondary souls called the "payu". The "kiyarulwa" is a gift of Mangindusa to a child emerging from the mother's womb, while the other souls appear only during the "lambay" ritual for the child upon reaching one month or two. "Lambay" is any ceremony, which is directly addressed to Mangindusa. These other souls are found at the extremities of the hands and feet, and on top of the head. When a person dies the "kiyarulwa" wanders to four possible destinations. If the cause of death is epidemic or sickness, then the soul will go to the "Kiyabusan", they become known as the "salakap". If a person from poisoning or violence the souls goes to inhabit the "Dibuwat". Those who died because their souls were caught by the environmental or evil spirits - their soul will transform into "biyaladbad" and will inhabit the environment. If a person dies of natural death, the souls travels to "Basad", the underworld, and becomes the "tiladmanin".
When a Tagbanwa dies, his or her soul remains on earth for seven days, until the "kapupusan" or rites for the dead are finished. For seven days, the soul lingers on in the grave at daytime, but returns to its former house at night to observe the behavior of those left behind.
Basad.
In the its journey to the underworld, the soul encounters several places. These include:
In "Basad", the spirits of the dead live a life that mirrors exactly that of the living. But everything is the reverse of what happens in the world of living. As the sun rises on earth, it goes down in "Basad" or planting time on earth is harvest time in "Basad".
The Tagbanwa rituals.
Lambay.
The "lambay" is held two times a year. It is observed first in January, and involves ritual appears to the deities for days of sunshine and winds that sufficiently dry the forests and prepare them for clearing and planting. A second one is held in May, when the people ask for moderate rains that will make their upland rice grows. 
There are two rituals, which seeks protection for all Tagbanwa wherever they may be, from the feared "salakap", the spirits of epidemic, sickness and death. These two rituals are the "pagbuyis" and the "runsay". 
Pagbuyis.
The "pagbuyis" is performed three times a year. The first is in November, and second in December. The third is when the moon can be seen during the daytime, called "magkaaldawan". 
Runsay.
The "runsay" is described as the most dramatic of all Tagbanwa rituals. It is observed only once a year, at nighttime, on the fourth day after the full moon of December. It takes place on the beach near the mouth of the Aborlan River. The "runsay", like the "pagbuyis", is held to ask for protection against epidemic. The ritual begins at dusk and ends at dawn. 
Phases of Runsay.
There are five distinct phases in the "runsay". These include:
Pagdiwata.
At the center of the "diwata" rituals is the babaylan, who has the responsibility of selecting the areas for a new clearing, placating the spirits of the surroundings, providing magical charms for hunters and fishers, and curing all kinds of ailments. While any adult can invoke the spirits of the dead in other Tagbanwa rituals, only the babaylan can summon them in the "pagdiwata".
Bilang.
The "bilang" ceremony is the all-important ritual for the dead. It takes place after the rice harvest, a time when "tabad" becomes plentiful. Every family is expected to host one or more "bilang" rituals. The "bilang" rituals begin with the rite of divination, to determine which among the spirit relatives has caused a person's illness. This makes use of the babaylan, who performs the brief rite of "panawag" near the grave of the dead relative by making offerings of the betel quids and ceremonial cigarettes, and promises "tabad" should the ill become well. The celebrants together with the offerings prepare a jar of "tabad" with sipping reeds. The "bilang" ceremony involves the "paurut" (invocation) of as many spirit relatives as possible through incantation, and the burning of the "parina" (incense) whose pleasant smells attract the deities and spirits of the dead. The gongs are played as the "paurut" is being performed, and their music is an added incentive for the spirit to descend on the gathering. After the ritual offering of the articles have been laid out on the mat, the food is distributed to the children first, and then to the guests; then the "bilang" mat is removed. The communal drinking of "tabad" through the reed straws follows, a very festive social event that lasts through the night.

</doc>
<doc id="19068507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068507" title="Li Ronghua">
Li Ronghua

Li Ronghua (Chinese: 李荣华) is a female Chinese rower. She competed at the 1988 Seoul and 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympic Games. Together with her teammates, she won a silver medal in Women's Coxed Four, and a bronze medal in Women's Coxed Eight.

</doc>
<doc id="19068512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068512" title="Pia Tajnikar">
Pia Tajnikar

Pia Tajnikar (born September 19, 1985 in Ljubljana) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Slovenia.
Tajnikar represented Slovenia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed in the 100 metres sprint and placed fifth in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 11.82 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19068521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068521" title="Zhou Shouying">
Zhou Shouying

Zhou Shouying (Chinese: 周守英; September 11, 1969) is a female Chinese rower. She competed at 1988 Seoul Olympic Games. Together with her teammates, she won a silver medal in Women's Coxed Four, and a bronze medal in Women's Coxed Eight.

</doc>
<doc id="19068544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068544" title="Love and Rage (film)">
Love and Rage (film)

Love and Rage is a 1998 British Irish-German drama film directed by Cathal Black and starring Greta Scacchi, Daniel Craig and Stephen Dillane. It is based on a novel by James Carney.
A drama of romantic obsession turned violent, Love and Rage was inspired by a true story and partially filmed in the home where the actual events occurred. James Lynchehaun (Daniel Craig) works at the estate of Agnes MacDonnell (Greta Scacchi), a wealthy Englishwoman in late 1800s Ireland. Agnes considers her privacy important, but shows flashes of a high-spirited nature among those she trusts, and enjoys scandalizing the locals by being a divorced woman who smokes, drinks, and rides horses astride on her vast property. When James discovers that a local land agent has been cheating Agnes, he shares the information with her. She's grateful to him and they get to know each other a bit better, leading in time to a romantic relationship. James is younger than her, and beneath her social status, but Agnes is a woman who thrives on being seen as scandalous, so she enters into the affair with James with relish and delight. He's a wild man, as well as a bit of a con artist, appearing at the estate in disguise and meeting Agnes dressed as a priest. Agnes doesn't appear to mind this, and at times she actively welcomes it. The fact that they both seem to delight in taunting "proper" society seems to please her that much more. James soon begins displaying a rather unusual bent. As time passes his wild behavior becomes more and more erratic, and eventually it becomes downright scary. What starts as erotic play-acting grows into something more sinister, and in time James's actions become less amusing and more threatening. He's unstable, and she's realizing it much too late, after he's insinuated himself pretty deeply into her isolated life.

</doc>
<doc id="19068547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068547" title="Leptonectes">
Leptonectes

Leptonectes is a genus of ichthyosaur that lived in the Late Triassic to Early Jurassic (Rhaetian - Pliensbachian). Fossils have been found in Belgium, England, Germany and Switzerland. 

</doc>
<doc id="19068551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068551" title="James Peak">
James Peak

James Peak, elevation , is a summit in the Front Range of north central Colorado. The mountain is southeast of Winter Park at the juncture of Clear Creek, Grand, and Gilpin counties. The peak is the highest point in Gilpin County and the James Peak Wilderness.
James Peak is named after Dr. Edwin James, the botanist on Major Stephen H. Long's expedition of 1820. James is the first known person to successfully climb Pikes Peak.
James Peak has a broad south slope that is very popular with hikers. The steep, sheer walls of the east face, offer multiple technical couloirs for snow climbers, skiers, and snowboarders. From south to north, these routes are named 'Bailout', 'Starlight', 'Sky Pilot', 'Shooting Star', and 'Superstar'.

</doc>
<doc id="19068557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068557" title="Pratima Kazmi">
Pratima Kazmi

Pratima Kazmi (, ) is an Indian television actress who has worked in many Bollywood movies and Hindi television drama series. Although she now works in Hindi movies & dramas, she started her career in 1997 with an UK's English film called Sixth Happiness, produced by an Indian director Waris Hussein, in which she plays the role of a 'brothel madam'.
Despite playing some strong character positive roles, Pratima is mostly known for playing negative and grey shade roles. She is famous for her strong dialogue delivery and husky voice. She was first nominated by Star Screen Awards for her "Best Performance in a Negative Role" in 2004 for her movie Waisa Bhi Hota Hai Part II.
Filmography.
Pratima Kazmi has worked in the following movies & drama-series:

</doc>
<doc id="19068560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068560" title="Sparrows Point (album)">
Sparrows Point (album)

Sparrows Point is the 1992 debut album by singer-songwriter Richard Shindell.
Personnel.
Musicians:
Production

</doc>
<doc id="19068566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068566" title="Smallville (season 8)">
Smallville (season 8)

Season eight of "Smallville", an American television series, began airing on September 18, 2008. The series recounts the early adventures of Kryptonian Clark Kent as he adjusts to life in the fictional town of Smallville, Kansas, during the years before he becomes Superman. The eighth season comprises 22 episodes and concluded its initial airing on May 14, 2009, marking the third season to air on The CW television network. Regular cast members during season eight include Tom Welling, Allison Mack, Erica Durance, Aaron Ashmore, along with new series regulars Cassidy Freeman, Sam Witwer, and Justin Hartley.
This season focuses on Clark Kent as he starts his job at the "Daily Planet", begins to accept more of his destiny as Earth's hero, and develops romantic feelings for Lois Lane. While Lex Luthor is presumed dead, and Lana Lang has left Smallville for good, Clark also meets new characters Davis Bloome, "Smallville"'s interpretation of Doomsday, as well as the new CEO of LuthorCorp, Tess Mercer. In other storylines, Clark and Oliver Queen clash over how to handle Lex when he resurfaces, while Chloe Sullivan and Jimmy Olsen take their relationship to the next level. In addition, this season sees the appearance of more DC Comics characters, including recurring appearances from Plastique and members of the Legion of Super-Heroes.
Following the end of season seven, it was announced that series regulars Kristin Kreuk and Michael Rosenbaum, who had been with the show since the first episode, would not return as regulars for the eighth season, while Laura Vandervoort and John Glover departed the series alongside Kreuk and Rosenbaum; Glover was killed off in season seven's "Descent", while Vandervoort was written out of the series after one season. Show creators Alfred Gough and Miles Millar also departed the series, allowing Kelly Souders, Brian Peterson, Todd Slavkin and Darren Swimmer to continue as executive producers. This allowed the show to "reinvigorate" itself by introducing new characters and storylines, as well as developing Clark's understanding of his destiny.
Averaging 3.74 million viewers per episode, the season out-ranked other high-profile shows on the network, such as "Reaper" and "Gossip Girl". It also received an Emmy Award nomination in the Sound Editing for a Series category.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Production.
Writing.
Executive producer Kelly Souders explained that the loss of show creators Alfred Gough and Miles Millar, as well as series regulars Michael Rosenbaum and Kristin Kreuk at the end of the seventh season, forced the creative team to look at the show from a new angle. As Souders explained, it allowed the writers to work with "blank slates", and come up with ways to "reinvigorate and reinvent the show". Executive producer Darren Swimmer explained that this season would feature Chloe's powers manifesting in a way that they have not previously been seen. He went on to express that the theme of season eight would be "double identity"; specifically, Swimmer explained that Clark would begin to understand that he is going to have to live a double life, or he will never be able to continue forward with his destiny. Season eight would be about Clark moving forward to his destiny in a way that the show has never attempted before. Swimmer further explained that Clark will be acting more with his superpowers, whereas previously he would "react" to the situation; "he's going to seek out trouble." Clark joined the "Daily Planet" to help his cause, using the "Planet" as a means to get information about where there is trouble. Clark's heroic actions put him in Jimmy's sights, who starts connecting things to Clark; this helped fuel Clark's decision to develop a "secret identity". Another reason for Clark's decision to develop a secret identity will be the stark contrast between saving people in the secluded streets of Smallville, and saving people in the crowded streets of Metropolis. While working at the "Daily Planet", Clark was paired up with Lois on various assignments. Lois Lane actress Erica Durance, explained the episodes would be more focused on her character than they have been in the past, and that Lois and Clark would be both rivals and supportive partners to each other. Durance also revealed that Lois would begin to realize her true romantic feelings for Clark, but that she does not want him to know the truth because she does not know what she wants to do with those feelings. Season eight explored these romantic notions between the two characters. Jeph Loeb added that season eight would explore more of the DC Comics mythology, and would introduce new characters, as well as expand on already existing ones in "Smallville" continuity. Peterson also revealed that there would be a chance that the show would break the "No flights, no tights" rule, at least in regard to the flying part of the rule.
With Justin Hartley added as a series regular, "Smallville" would explore more of his backstory, including why he chose to become Green Arrow, how he accomplished it, and how he became good at archery. This season would also explore more of the friendship between Oliver Queen and Clark. Oliver would be broken down emotionally—questioning whether he made the right choice to sacrifice all for the sake of being Green Arrow—and that causes him to "butt heads" with Clark, who is beginning to embrace his destiny. Allison Mack's character, Chloe Sullivan, would have more romantic interests this season. Not only would the character still have Jimmy Olsen, but there is still the question of her romantic interest in Clark, as well as a new interest in the character of Davis Bloome. Mack's character would also be picking up the Isis Foundation, a counseling center for people infected by kryptonite, that Lana founded before she left Smallville. Mack explained that Chloe would be forging her own destiny this season, and letting Clark learn to deal with problems on his own—previous seasons saw Clark relying heavily on Chloe to help solve the crime.
Characters.
Brian Wayne Peterson and Todd Slavkin revealed that they planned to introduce more DC Comics characters into "Smallville" this season. Among those appearing were Plastique and Maxima, the latter coming to Smallville to try to mate with Clark. This version of Maxima had the ability to make herself irresistible to men, including Clark, whom she set her sights on; actress Charlotte Sullivan was cast as Maxima. "Smallville" also introduced the futuristic heroes from the Legion of Super-Heroes. Comic book scribe Geoff Johns wrote the episode that featured the Legion of Super-Heroes, and suggested that people familiar with the Legion would recognize them when they appeared on the show, as they had some of the quintessential elements of their comic book counterparts. Darren Swimmer stated that they would be using Saturn Girl, Cosmic Boy and Lightning Lad for this episode. In the seventeenth episode, "Hex", "Smallville" puts its spin on the DC character Zatanna. Portrayed by Serinda Swan, Zatanna is a magician who comes to town and grants Chloe a birthday wish that results in Chloe's body transforming into Lois. In an interview, writer Bryan Q. Miller explains that he read through archived comics featuring the Zatanna character, but was more influenced by Grant Morrison’s writing turn on "Seven Soldiers", as well as the television episodes of "" and "Justice League Unlimited" that Zatanna made appearances on. Swan won the role of Zatanna after "acing" her audition thanks to the actress recording Zatanna's spells into her iPod and studying them in reverse—to cast a spell Zatanna recites the words in reverse.
There are two new characters added to the show as series regulars, Tess Mercer and Davis Bloome. The name "Tess Mercer" is a homage to two characters from Superman lore, Eve Teschmacher and Mercy Graves. As Freeman describes her character, Tess Mercer is Lex's handpicked successor; she is "fierce", "fun" and intelligent. Tess Mercer's primary goal for this season was finding Lex, which drew her inquisitively to Clark, whom she believed would be able to help her. Darren Swimmer revealed that Tess would develop a romantic interest in Clark as well. Davis Bloome would actually be "Smallville"'s interpretation of Doomsday, the only character to have succeeded at killing Superman. In "Smallville", Doomsday was represented by a "nice guy" paramedic, who grew up moving from foster home to foster home. His storyline was very dark in that the character would uncover horrible truths about himself. Witwer explained that over the course of the season, his character would come to resemble that of the comic book counterpart he is based on. Brian Peterson explained that the new executive producers were looking for a villainous character that was "as great as Lex", with Michael Rosenbaum's departure, and Doomsday fit what they were looking for.
Reception.
Season eight finished 152 out of the 190 shows ranked in the Nielsen ratings, averaging 3.74 million viewers a week. "Smallville"'s eighth season received an Emmy Award nomination in the Sound Editing for a Series category. In the 2009 Teen Choice Awards, Tom Welling received the award for Choice TV Actor – Action Adventure.
The season eight DVD box set was officially released on August 25, 2009, and sold approximately 183,000 units in its first week; it generated an estimated $6.7 million. Comparatively, the DVD revenue decreased from the previous year, with the season seven box set having sold over 212,000 units and generating an estimated $8 million during its first week. Regardless, it was enough for "Smallville" to earn second place in most units sold during the ending week of August 30, 2009, just behind the season five boxset of "House" which sold approximately 223,000 units. Even though "House" sold more units, "Smallville"s $6.7 million in revenue was more than "House"'s $6.0 million, making it the top money earner for the week. In its second week, the eighth season only sold 55,000 units, and earning more than $2 million. The third week of release saw another dip in sales, with the season eight boxset only selling 30,000 units. At the same time, the end of week three brought the season eight sales past the $10 million mark.

</doc>
<doc id="19068569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068569" title="Feta Ahamada">
Feta Ahamada

Feta Ahamada (born June 24, 1987 in Clichy-la-Garenne, France) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Comoros.
Feta represented Comoros at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed sixth in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 11.88 seconds.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Ahamada won her 100 metres heat in a time of 11.81 seconds, but was eliminated in the quarterfinals after posting a time of 11.86.

</doc>
<doc id="19068579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068579" title="Norma Bixby">
Norma Bixby

Norma Bixby is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, representing District 41 since 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19068589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068589" title="Fatou Tiyana">
Fatou Tiyana

Fatou Tiyana (born February 24, 1987) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for The Gambia.
Tiyana represented Gambia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed seventh in her heat without advancing to the second round. She ran the distance in a time of 12.25 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19068595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068595" title="Ubiquity (Firefox)">
Ubiquity (Firefox)

Ubiquity, an add-on for Mozilla Firefox, is a collection of quick and easy natural-language-derived commands that act as mashups of web services, thus allowing users to get information and relate it to current and other webpages. It also allows Web users to create new commands without requiring much technical background.
Overview.
Ubiquity's main goal is to take a disjointed web and bring a user everything they need. This is accomplished through a command-line-like interface that is based on natural language commands. These commands are supplied both by Mozilla and by individual users. Commands are written in JavaScript or Python and either directly typed into the command editor that comes with Ubiquity or subscribed to. Commands to which a user subscribes are automatically updated when the author updates the code. At the moment there is no limit as to what these commands can do, which implies a large security risk. A planned feature for Ubiquity is a trust network that allows users to evaluate the trustworthiness of a particular command before subscribing to it. Ubiquity will allow users to insert maps anywhere, translate on-page, highlight any code, and many other features.
Development history and roadmap.
The architectural design for Ubiquity 0.1.3 was focused on separating functions into well-defined objects, an idea borrowed from the design of commands in the Archy project. The browser window functionality was separated into per-window and global objects. The per-window command manager object mediated between the context menu, command entry and natural-language parser objects and the commands themselves. The global objects marshall application-wide services such as built-in command feeds. Efforts to localize Ubiquity into different languages have also been made.
The design goals for Ubiquity 0.5 focus on making it easier to experiment with new User Interfaces and implement security.
Although development of Ubiquity has ceased by Mozilla, a community-maintained version is still being actively developed.

</doc>
<doc id="19068598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068598" title="Electrohomeopathy">
Electrohomeopathy

Electrohomoeopathy (or Mattei cancer cure) is a derivative of homeopathy invented in the 19th century by Count Cesare Mattei. The name is derived from a combination of "electro" (referring to an electric bio-energy content supposedly extracted from plants and of therapeutic value, rather than electricity in its conventional sense) and "homeopathy" (referring to an alternative medicinal philosophy developed by Samuel Hahnemann in the 18th century). Electrohomeopathy has been defined as the combination of electrical devices and homeopathy.
Lucrative for its inventor and popular in the late nineteenth century, electrohomoeopathy has been described as "utter idiocy". Like traditional homeopathy, it is regarded by the medical and scientific communities as pseudoscience and its practice as quackery.
History and criticism.
Electrohomeopathy was devised by Cesare Mattei (1809–1896) in the latter part of the 19th century. Mattei, a nobleman living in a castle in the vicinity of Bologna, studied natural science, anatomy, physiology, pathology, chemistry and botany. He ultimately focused on the supposed therapeutic power of "electricity" in botanical extracts. Massei made bold, unsupported claims for the efficacy of his treatments, including the claim that his treatments offered a nonsurgical alternative to cancer. His treatment regimens were met with scepticism by mainstream medicine:The electrohomeopathic system is an invention of Count Mattei who prates of "red," "blue," and "green" electricity, a theory that, in spite of its utter idiocy, has attracted a considerable following and earned a large fortune for its chief promoter.
Notwithstanding criticisms, including a challenge by the British medical establishment to the claimed success of his cancer treatments, electrohomeopathy (or Matteism, as it was sometimes known at the time) had adherents in Germany, France, the USA and the UK by the beginning of the 20th century; electrohomeopathy had been the subject of approximately 100 publications and there were three journals dedicated to it.
Philosophy.
Remedies are derived from what are said to be the active micro nutrients or mineral salts of certain plants. One contemporary account of the process of producing electrohomeopathic remedies was as follows:As to the nature of his remedies we learn...that...they are manufactured from certain herbs, and that the directions for the preparation of the necessary dilutions are given in the ordinary jargon of homeopathy. The globules and liquids, however, are " instinct with a potent, vital, electrical force, which enables them to work wonders." This process of "fixing the electrical principle" is carried on in the secret central chamber of a Neo-Moorish castle which Count Mattei has built for himself in the Bolognese Apennines...The "red electricity" and "white electricity" supposed to be "fixed" in these "vegetable compounds" are in their very nomenclature and suggestion poor and miserable fictions.
According to Mattei's own ideas however, every disease originates in the change of blood or of the lymphatic system or both, and remedies can therefore be mainly divided into two broad categories groups to be used in response to the dominant affected system. Mattei wrote that having obtained plant extracts, he was "able to determine in the liquid vegetable electricity". Allied to his theories and therapies were elements of Chinese medicine, of medical humours, of apparent Brownianism, as well as modified versions of Samuel Hahnemann's homeopathic principles. Electrohomeopathy has some associations with Spagyric medicine, a holistic medical philosophy claimed to be the practical application of alchemy in medical treatment, so that the principle of modern electrohomeopathy is that disease is typically multi-organic in cause or effect and therefore requires holistic treatment that is at once both complex and natural.
Modern usage.
A symposium took place in Bologna in 2008 to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of Cesare Mattei, with attendees from India, Pakistan, Germany UK, and the USA. Electrohomeopathy is practised predominantly in India and Pakistan (although it is not a recognised healthcare discipline in India), but there are also a number of electrohomeopathy organisations and institutions worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="19068609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068609" title="Connecticut State Museum of Natural History">
Connecticut State Museum of Natural History

The Connecticut State Museum of Natural History is located in Storrs, Connecticut and is part of the University of Connecticut.
The small museum contains a variety of scientific and archaeological collections about the cultural history of southern New England. The natural history collections contains "hundreds of thousands of specimens of mammals, birds, insects, invertebrates, fossils, plants, fish and parasites." Since 2004, it houses the Connecticut Archaeology Center, which contain the "largest repository of Connecticut Native American, colonial and industrial artifacts in existence."

</doc>
<doc id="19068618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068618" title="Hugh Williams (disambiguation)">
Hugh Williams (disambiguation)

Hugh Williams (1904–1969) was an English actor and dramatist.
Hugh Williams may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19068632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068632" title="Jan Hamer">
Jan Hamer

Jan Hamer (May 2, 1927 – July 25, 2008) was an organic chemistry professor at Tulane University in New Orleans from 1960 to 1992. Hamer received his Ph.D. from the University of Leiden in the Netherlands. He authored three chemistry books and was listed in "Who's Who in the South and Southwest". He was a member of the Round Table Club and the Holland Club, both in New Orleans. He had a deep interest in classical music, history, horticulture, and cooking.
Hamer was born to Gerard Pieter Hamer and Wijke Hamer-de Boer in Gombong, Indonesia. He moved with his family to The Hague. Netherlands. He returned to Indonesia in 1952 and served for three years as a second lieutenant and commander of a foot battalion for the Royal Netherlands military. On March 20, 1956, Hamer married the former Millicent May (born April 10, 1926) of New Orleans.
Hamer died in a hospice in Baton Rouge. Services were held on July 30 at the Audubon Park Golf Clubhouse in New Orleans. In addition to his wife, Hamer was survived by two daughters, Elizabeth May Hamer Pope and husband, Joseph Keith Pope of Baton Rouge, and Hilary Halsey Hamer Tafran and husband, Mohammad Hassan Musaid Tafran, of Jeddah, Saudi Arabia; a grandson, Rayan Mohammad Hassan Tafran, of Jeddah, and a sister, Meinie, of the Netherlands. 
Jan and Millicent Hamer's photograph and story of survival during Hurricane Katrina was featured in the 2007 book (University of Missouri Press), "Holding Out and Hanging On: Surviving Hurricane Katrina" by Thomas Neff, a photographer and a professor of art at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge.

</doc>
<doc id="19068634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068634" title="Oleksiy Kurylov">
Oleksiy Kurylov

Oleksiy Kurylov (; born 9 May 1988 in Kerch, Crimea, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League. Kurylov is the product of the Shakhtar Donetsk youth school system. In Shakhtar, Kurylov played in 17 games in the Reserves, one in Shakhtar II and 10 games for Shakhtar III. He was bought by Metalist during the 2006/2007 season in 2007, however was put in Metalist Reserves. Myron Markevych promoted Oleksiy Kurylov to the senior team during the 2007–08 season, where he gave his debut in the Ukrainian Premier League. In the winter break 2008–09 he was transferred to Zorya Luhansk.
National team.
Oleksiy Kurylov has been a regular defender in the Ukrainian Under-19 National Football Team, playing 20 international matches and netting on goal. He also played on game for the Ukrainian Under-20 National Team where he scored 1 goal in 1 game. He was promoted by Pavel Yakovenko to the Ukrainian Under-21 National Football Team.

</doc>
<doc id="19068637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068637" title="Zhao Hong">
Zhao Hong

Zhao Hong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19068659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068659" title="Veronica Small-Eastman">
Veronica Small-Eastman

Veronica Small-Eastman is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, representing District 42 since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19068660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068660" title="Government of Thailand">
Government of Thailand

The Government of Thailand, or formally the Royal Thai Government (RTG) (; ), is the unitary government of the Kingdom of Thailand. Thailand has been a constitutional monarchy under a parliamentary democracy system since 1932. The country has existed in some form since the 13th century, but the country emerged as a modern nation state after the foundation of the Chakri Dynasty and the city of Bangkok in 1782. The Revolution of 1932 brought an end to absolute monarchy and replaced it with a system of constitutional monarchy. However from then on the democratic system has been weak and the country was ruled by a succession of military leaders installed after coups d’etat, the most recent in 2006. Under the 2007 Constitution (drafted by a military appointed council, but approved by a referendum) the present structure of the Government of Thailand was established. Thailand has so far had seventeen Constitutions; however the basic structure of government has remained the same. The Government of Thailand is made up of three branches: the executive, the legislative and the judiciary, the system of government is modelled after the Westminster system. All branches of the government are located within Bangkok, the capital city of Thailand.
The Monarchy.
The King of Thailand, King Bhumibol Adulyadej (or Rama IX), is the world’s longest reigning monarch, and has reigned since 1946. The Constitution stipulates that although the sovereignty of the state is vested in the people, the King will exercise such powers through the three branches of the Thai government. Under the constitution the King is given very little power, but remains a figurehead and symbol of the Thai nation. As the Head of State however he is given some powers and has a role to play in the machinations of government. According to the Constitution, the King is the Head of the Armed forces, required to be Buddhist as well as the defender of all faiths in the country. The King also retained some traditional powers such as the power to appoint his heirs, power to grant pardons and the royal assent. The King is aided in his duties by the Privy Council of Thailand.
The King is head of the House of Chakri, the ruling house of Thailand founded by King Buddha Yodfa Chulaloke (or Rama I) in 1782. The Monarchy and the Royal family commands huge respect in Thailand. The present monarch has a great deal of popular respect and moral authority, which has been used at times to resolve political crises. The monarch’s official home is the Grand Palace, however the present King lives primarily in the Chitralada Palace in Bangkok or the Klai Kangwon Villa, in Hua Hin. The Monarch's household is managed by the Bureau of the Royal Household and his finances by the Crown Property Bureau.
The heir to the throne is the Crown Prince of Thailand: Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn. The succession of the Throne is governed by the 1924 Palace Law of Succession, promulgated by King Vajiravudh. The Palace Law follows the male Agnatic Primogeniture, where males are only allowed to succeed and inheritance is passed only from father to son and through male line only.
Executive.
Prime minister.
Since 1932 the Head of Government of Thailand has been the "Prime Minister of Thailand": usually the leader of the largest party or the largest coalition party in the lower house of Parliament. The Prime Minister is, in accordance with the constitution, selected; first by an election in the lower house then officially appointed by the King. 
The Prime Minister, as head of the executive branch, is also the leader of the Cabinet of Thailand. The Prime Minister therefore retains the prerogative to appoint or remove any Minister he or she so chooses. As the most visible member of the government the Prime Minister represent the country abroad and is as well the main spokesperson for the government at home. The Prime Minister’s official residence is Baan Phitsanulok a mansion located in the Dusit district of Bangkok.
The current Prime Minister is: Yingluck Shinawatra of the Pheu Thai Party, the first female prime minister of Thailand.
Cabinet.
The Cabinet of Thailand or the Council of Ministers of Thailand is a council composed of 35: Ministers of State and Deputy Ministers, who run the cabinet ministries of the Kingdom. There are currently 20 cabinet ministries, which comprises the main portion of state employees. The Cabinet is also responsible for the formulation and execution of policies of the government. Members of the Cabinet do not necessarily need to be a member of the lower house, as in other countries but most often are. The Office of the Prime Minister and the Cabinet offices are located in a building complex called the Government House of Thailand.
The present Cabinet has been active since the 9 August 2011, when its members were sworn in by the King. The Cabinet is made up of five parties that form the governing coalition: PTP, CTP, PCP, CPP and the independent. The Cabinet comprises: 21 Ministers of State, 5 Deputy Prime Ministers and 12 Deputy Ministers.
Legislative.
National Assembly.
The legislative branch (also called the Parliament of Thailand) of the Thai government was first established in the ‘Temporary’ Constitution of 1932. The assembly first met on 28 June 1932 in the Ananda Samakhom Throne Hall. The National Assembly of Thailand is a bi-cameral legislature and comprises two houses: the Senate and the House of Representatives. The legislative branch took its current form in 2007. The National Assembly has 630 members. Both houses of the National Assembly meet at the Parliament House of Thailand.
The Senate.
The upper house of the legislative branch was first established in 1946. However for most of its history the Senate has been the stronghold of the military and the elite. The current Senate has 150 members. 76 members are elected, one per province from the 75 provinces of Thailand (Bueng Kan does not have an elected senator yet) and 1 from the Bangkok Metropolitan Area. The other 74 are selected by the Senate Selection Commission, made up of both elected and appointed officials. 
The chamber is strictly a non-partisan chamber, and members may not be a member of a partisan organization, House of Representatives, judiciary and the Cabinet for five years. The Senate has little power legislative -wise, but retain considerable powers of scrutiny and appointment. As the Senate is vested with the power to ‘advise’ on the appointment of several members of the Judiciary and independent government agencies. The Senate sits for a set six years non renewable term, the Senate cannot be dissolved. The Senate is presided by a President of the Senate, who is also the Vice President of the National Assembly. He is assisted by two Vice Presidents of the Senate. The last election to the Senate was in 2008.
The House of Representatives.
The lower house of the legislative branch has been in existence in some form since 1932. The House of Representatives is the primary legislative house of the government of Thailand. The House comprises 500 members. 375 of the MPs are elected directly from single-seat constituencies around the country. The other 125 members are selected using ‘proportional representation’ through party-lists. There are 8 electoral areas from which the proportionally representative votes are taken and 375 constituencies. This system is called the ‘Mixed Member Majoritarian’ in which a voter has two votes one for the constituency MP and the other for a party in the voter’s electoral area.
The House is a partisan chamber with seven political parties. The House is the primary legislative chamber and the more powerful of the two houses. The House has the power to remove both the Prime Minister and Cabinet Ministers through a vote of no confidence. The House sits for a term of four years however a dissolution of the House can happen anytime before the expiration of the term. The House is led by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, who is also the President of the National Assembly. He is assisted by two Deputy Speakers. The leader of the largest party or largest coalition party will most likely become Prime Minister, while the leader of the largest party with no members holding any ministerial positions will become the Leader of the Opposition. The Leader of the Opposition is a powerful position with considerable influence, he is assisted by a Shadow Cabinet. The last general election for the House was in 2007.
After the 2007 election the People’s Power party won the most seats with the Democrats and Chart Thai party trailing behind. However after the 2008 political crisis and the ruling of the Constitutional court on 2 December 2008, in which the PPP plus the Chart Thai and Neutral Democratic Parties (coalition partners), the Prime Minister and several party executives were banned from politics for five years, the composition of the House changed. The successor of the PPP still retained the most seats, however the remainder of the coalition partners defected and joined a Democrat led government which was inaugurated on 17 December. Leaving the For Thais Party (successor of the PPP) and the Pracharaj Party in the opposition.
Judiciary.
The judiciary of Thailand is composed of three distinct systems: the Court of Justice system, the Administrative Court system and the Constitutional Court. 
Courts of Justice.
The Courts of Justice of Thailand is the largest of the court system and makes up the majority of courts in the Kingdom. The Courts as mandated in the Constitution is made up of three tiers: the Court of First Instance, the Court of Appeals and the Supreme Court of Justice of Thailand.
There are no stenographic records kept by the trial court and the record is composed of what the judges decide.
Research judges assist the sitting judges. Judges must take an examination and two different examinations are given: one exam is for judges trained in Thailand and a different examination is given for judges who graduate from foreign law schools. All Judges are formally appointed by the King.
The Asian Human Rights Commission called the Thai legal system a "mess" and called for a drastic overhaul of Thailand's criminal procedures. It cited the rampant use of forced confessions, and the fact that even a senior justice ministry official admitted that 30% of cases went to court with no evidence. It also criticized the judiciary for failing to ensure that trials are conducted speedily, citing the case of four Thai men accused of plotting to kill Supreme Court President Praman Chansue (). The accused were present in court 461 times before 91 different judges since proceedings began in 1993 and ended in 2008. While these proceedings continued, Mr. Praman peacefully died of intrapulmonary infection in 2007.
Administrative Courts.
The Administrative Court system is made up of two tiers: The Administrative Courts of First Instance and the Supreme Administrative Court. The court system was first created in 1997, the court’s main jurisdiction is to settle litigation between the State or an organ of state (government ministries, departments and independent agencies) and private citizens.
Constitutional Court.
First set up in 1997, the Constitutional Court of Thailand was created solely as a high court to settle matters pertaining to the constitution. The court has since accumulated huge amounts of power and influence; gaining many controversies on the way. This has become especially clear during the 2006 and 2008 political crises, settling political deadlocks and social unrest.
The Legal system.
Thailand's legal system blends principles of traditional Thai and Western laws; the western sourced laws are often misused and corrupted. The traditional 'Thai' laws are the product of Hindu-Brahmin laws used by the Khmer Empire. There is no discovery in the Thai legal system. Slander and libel are not civil torts in Thailand but criminal offenses. 
Thailand’s legal system has been often criticized by other countries for having penalties of life in prison or even death for crimes such as drug possession or smuggling, while having lenient penalties for crimes such as terrorism and marital abuse resulting in spousal death.
The criminally accused are entitled to have a court-appointed certified translator present in court if they cannot afford one. Appeals must be filed with the trial court within thirty (30) days of the judge reading, signing and issuing the verdict. There are no juries in trials. Only Thai citizens can be admitted to the Bar and can practice before the courts. Attorneys must carry their current, yellow, bar card when in court and may be required to produce it on challenge.
In Thailand's southern border provinces, where Muslims constitute the majority of the population, Provincial Islamic Committees have limited jurisdiction over probate, family, marriage, and divorce cases.
Local government.
Thailand is divided into seventy-six provinces ("changwat", singular and plural). The Ministry of the Interior appoints governors for all provinces. The metropolis of greater Bangkok is a special administrative area at same level as a province, but the governor is popularly elected. Thailand's provinces are listed below. Note that each provincial capital takes the same name as the province.
Amnat Charoen, Ang Thong, Buriram, Bueng Kan, Chachoengsao, Chai Nat, Chaiyaphum, Chanthaburi, Chiang Mai, Chiang Rai, Chon Buri, Chumphon, Kalasin, Kamphaeng Phet, Kanchanaburi, Khon Kaen, Krabi, Krung Thep (Bangkok), Lampang, Lamphun, Loei, Lop Buri, Mae Hong Son, Maha Sarakham, Mukdahan, Nakhon Nayok, Nakhon Pathom, Nakhon Phanom, Nakhon Ratchasima (Khorat), Nakhon Sawan, Nakhon Si Thammarat, Nan, Narathiwat, Nongbua Lamphu, Nong Khai, Nonthaburi, Pathum Thani, Pattani, Phang Nga, Phatthalung, Phayao, Phetchabun, Phetchaburi, Phichit, Phitsanulok, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya, Phrae, Phuket, Prachin Buri, Prachuap Khiri Khan, Ranong, Ratchaburi, Rayong, Roi Et, Sa Kaeo, Sakon Nakhon, Samut Prakan, Samut Sakhon, Samut Songkhram, Sara Buri, Satun, Sing Buri, Sisaket, Songkhla, Sukhothai, Suphan Buri, Surat Thani, Surin, Tak, Trang, Trat, Ubon Ratchathani, Udon Thani, Uthai Thani, Uttaradit, Yala, Yasothon.

</doc>
<doc id="19068663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068663" title="QuoVadis">
QuoVadis

QuoVadis is a certificate authority, a trusted third party which issues digital certificates for authentication and digital signatures.
QuoVadis is a Qualified Certification Services Provider in several countries. This means that QuoVadis is accredited by those countries to issue Qualified Certificates. Digital signatures created using those Qualified Certificates enjoy a special legal status.
QuoVadis’ accreditations include:
QuoVadis has operations in Switzerland, Holland, the United Kingdom, Bermuda, and New Zealand.
The company was founded in 1999 with backing from a venture capital affiliate of the Zurich Financial Services Group. The company later underwent a management buyout and subsequent private equity investment from ABRY Partners.
QuoVadis is a member of the CA/Browser Forum, and contributed to the creation of standards for the Extended Validation Certificate.
QuoVadis is an approved issuer for SuisseID, the Swiss voluntary national e-ID program.
In Bermuda, the company's subsidiary QuoVadis Services is a leading provider of managed hosting and private cloud services.

</doc>
<doc id="19068668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068668" title="Theatre Fest">
Theatre Fest

The Theatre Fest is a festival that takes place every April in the Macedonian National Theatre in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia. It hosts Macedonian and foreign theatres and lasts five days.

</doc>
<doc id="19068683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068683" title="The Great Inimitable Mr. Dickens">
The Great Inimitable Mr. Dickens

The Great Inimitable Mr. Dickens is a 1970 British television film about the life of Charles Dickens directed by Ned Sherrin and starring Anthony Hopkins, Jenny Agutter and Arthur Lowe.

</doc>
<doc id="19068686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068686" title="Kevin K. Washburn">
Kevin K. Washburn

Kevin K. Washburn was named the dean of the University of New Mexico School of Law on March 3, 2009. Previously, he served as the Rosenstiel Distinguished Professor of Law at the University of Arizona's James E. Rogers College of Law. He is a former federal prosecutor, a trial attorney at the U.S. Department of Justice, and the General Counsel of the National Indian Gaming Commission. He was nominated in August 2012 by President Barack Obama to become Assistant Secretary of Indian Affairs at the U.S. Department of the Interior. His nomination was unanimously confirmed by the Senate on September 21, 2012. Washburn replaced Donald Laverdure who had been serving as the Acting Assistant Secretary.
Life and work.
While serving as a trial attorney at the U.S. Department of Justice's Environment and Natural Resources Division, Washburn successfully argued "Montana v. EPA", in which the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit upheld the decision of the Environmental Protection Agency to recognize the Salish & Kootenai Tribes as a state for purposes of setting water quality standards under the Clean Water Act. Washburn also served as an Assistant United States Attorney in New Mexico, and was a professor at the University of Minnesota Law School.
Much of Washburn's scholarship focuses on the intersection of Federal Indian law and criminal law.[http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/cf_dev/AbsByAuth.cfm?per_id=334714 In another piece, Washburn writes about the federalized criminal justice system and federal Indian policy involving Native American self-determination.[http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/cf_dev/AbsByAuth.cfm?per_id=334714] His groundbreaking work in this field was discussed at length in a piece in the High Country News. In July 2008, Senator Byron Dorgan introduced S. 3320: Tribal Law and Order Act of 2008 in an attempt to fix some of the problems highlighted in Washburn's scholarship. The Tribal Law and Order Act was signed into law in 2010.
Washburn is also one of the country's leading experts on Gaming and Gambling Law. He served as the General Counsel of the National Indian Gaming Commission (NIGC) from January 2000 to July 2002. Professor Washburn has taught Gaming/Gambling Law at the University of Minnesota Law School, Harvard Law School, the University of Arizona James E. Rogers College of Law, and the University of New Mexico School of Law.
Washburn is also an expert in Federal Indian Law. He is an author of one of the principal casebooks on Federal Indian Law, entitled American Indian Law: Native Nations and the Federal System. He is also an author/editor of Indian Law Stories, a book that provides the back stories of several key American Indian law cases. In addition, he is an author and member of the Executive Board of Editors of Felix Cohen's Handbook of Federal Indian Law, the leading treatise in the filed of Federal Indian Law.
Washburn is married to Elizabeth Rodke Washburn, a Senate staffer for Sen. Jeff Bingaman, D-N.M., and they have two children.
Education.
Washburn received a B.A. in economics, with honors, from the University of Oklahoma in 1989. Professor Washburn earned his law degree at Yale Law School in 1993, and was the Editor-In-Chief of the Yale Journal on Regulation. After graduating from law school, Professor Washburn clerked for Judge William C. Canby, Jr. of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Affiliations.
Elected member of the American Law Institute since 2007; Board of Trustees 2006-09 of the Law School Admission Council; Executive Editor of Felix Cohen’s Handbook of Federal Indian Law since 2005; Member of the Criminal Law and Procedure Drafting Committee for the National Conference of Bar Examiners 2006-15; Yale Law School Fund Board of Directors 1998-2004; Enrolled member of the Chickasaw Nation of Oklahoma, a federally recognized Indian nation.

</doc>
<doc id="19068695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068695" title="Heathcote District Football League">
Heathcote District Football League

The Heathcote District Football League is based in Central Victoria. The league is a minor country league with teams drawn from smaller localities within part of the area of the major Bendigo Football League.
History.
The "Heathcote District Football League" became a league in 1955. Previous names for the competitions in the area were the Heathcote District Football Association (1905), McIvor District Football Association (1906) and again the Heathcote District Football Association (1907-1954).
2004 Ladder.
FINALS 
2005 Ladder.
FINALS 
2006 Ladder.
FINALS 
2007 Ladder.
FINALS 
2008 Ladder.
FINALS 
2009 Ladder.
FINALS 
2010 Ladder.
FINALS 
2011 Ladder.
FINALS 
2012 Ladder.
 
FINALS 
Books.
History of Football in the Bendigo District - John Stoward - ISBN 987-0-9805929-1-7

</doc>
<doc id="19068710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068710" title="Tiger Truck">
Tiger Truck

The Tiger Truck is a light utility truck from Chinese manufacturer Chang'an. It belongs to a class of vehicles known as “mini-trucks,” “micro trucks,” “K trucks,” and "kei trucks”. The K is short for "kei jidosha", Japanese for “light vehicle” and the name of a special class of vehicles subject to reduced taxation in Japan.
The Tiger Truck is known for its diminutive size, but extreme reliability under harsh conditions and its highly refined ride quality. The Tiger Truck logo is an homage to the Star Trek logo, meant to highlight the futuristic design and features of the truck. Tiger Truck offers gasoline, E85 and electric models. A wide range of models from trucks and crew cabs to vans are available. The Tiger Truck is known for its rigorous quality control standards, including their patented tiger-proof test. Also offered are a suite of robust accessories such as the snowplow, pintle hitch, front brush guard, security light, hot dog cooker among many others.
The Tiger Star model is an upgraded and more robust off-road utility truck than most off-road vehicles in its class. The advanced Star class trucks feature robust electric drive, with a 48 Volt, 5 kW motor mated with a 5 speed transmission. All Tiger Trucks are California Air Resources Board certified.
Tiger has the largest available array of truck body options for niche applications. Primary distribution in the U.S. is through a select dealership network. Tiger Trucks are being assembled in Poteau, Oklahoma, under the Tiger Truck brand to better supply the North American demand for these trucks.

</doc>
<doc id="19068718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068718" title="WTA Tier III tournaments">
WTA Tier III tournaments

The WTA Tier III tournaments were Women's Tennis Association tennis third-level tournaments held from 1988 to 2008. The line-up of events varied over the years due to tournaments being promoted, demoted or cancelled. The series resulted from a reform of the WTA Tour in 1988 which offered more prize money to champions.
From 2009 the majority of Tier III and Tier IV tournaments from previous seasons are WTA International Tournaments owing to another category change. The main reason for the changes was to ease the pressure on players in terms of the number of tournaments that they were required to play.

</doc>
<doc id="19068729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068729" title="Dranova Island">
Dranova Island

Dranova Island is an island in eastern Romania, in the southern part of the Danube Delta.

</doc>
<doc id="19068774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068774" title="Samuel Johnson's health">
Samuel Johnson's health

Samuel Johnson's health has been a focus of the biographical and critical analysis of his life. His medical history was well documented by Johnson and his friends, and those writings have allowed later critics and doctors to infer diagnoses of conditions that were unknown in Johnson's day.
His health and conditions had "damaging effects on Johnson's personal and professional lives" likely causing him to lose opportunities to teach at prominent schools, while leading him "towards the invisible occupation of authorship".
Medical history.
Scrofula.
Upon birth, Johnson did not cry and, with doubts surrounding the newborn's health, his aunt claimed "that she would not have picked such a poor creature up in the street". As it was feared that the baby might die, the vicar of St Mary's was summoned to perform a baptism. Two godfathers were chosen: Samuel Swynfen, a physician and graduate of Pembroke College, and Richard Wakefield, a lawyer, coroner, and Lichfield town clerk.
Johnson's health improved and he was placed in the nursing care of Joan Marklew. During this period he contracted what is believed to have been scrofula, known at that time as the "King's Evil". Sir John Floyer, a former physician to Charles II, recommended that the young Johnson should receive the "royal touch", which he received from Queen Anne on 30 March 1712 at St James's Palace. Johnson was given a ribbon in memory of the event, which he claimed to have worn for the rest of his life. However, the ritual was ineffective and an operation was performed that left him with permanent scarring across his face and body.
Eyesight problems.
From early childhood, Johnson suffered from poor eyesight. Especially his left eye was weak. This interfered with his education, yet his handwriting was quite legible until the end of his life. There were somewhat contradictory reports about his eyesight from his contemporaries; he appeared to have been near-sighted. Yet he did not use eyeglasses, which were available at that time.
His eyesight became worse with age. Boswell first met him in 1763, when Johnson was 54 years old, and noted that he had inflamed eyes. In letters written in 1773 Johnson wrote,
"My fever has departed but has left me a very severe inflammation in the seeing eye. . . . My eye is yet so dark that I could not read..."
Fear of madness.
In 1734, Johnson feared that he was suffering from a disease that would lead to him being deemed mad. He wrote, in Latin, a letter asking Samuel Swynfen, his godfather, about his health. Swynfen wrote back "from the symptoms therein described, he could think nothing better of his disorder, than it had a tendency to insanity; and without great care might possibly terminate in the deprivation of his rational faculties." This Swynfen's response only caused Johnson to fear becoming insane even more. However, Swynfen soon after showed Johnson's letter to others because of its "extraordinary acuteness, research, and eloquence", and this act was so upsetting to Johnson that he could never forgive Swynfen. 
Boswell claimed that Johnson "felt himself overwhelmed with an horrible melancholia, with perpetual irritation, fretfulness, and impatience; and with a dejection, gloom, and despair, which made existence misery". However, Boswell blamed the common understanding of what was "sane" for Johnson's worries over being insane. 
Johnson was constantly afraid of losing his sanity, but he kept that anxiety to himself throughout his life. There were, however, occasional outbursts that worried his friends. In June 1766, Johnson was on his knees before John Delap, a clergyman, "beseeching God to continue to him the use of his understanding" in a "wild" manner that provoked Johnson's friend, Henry Thrale to "involuntarily up one hand to shut his mouth". The Thrales were afraid for his mental health, and took Johnson into their home in Streatham for a few months, in the hope that might aid his recovery. Thrale's experience is similar to many other accounts; James Anderson reported Adam Smith as telling him:
Early on, when Johnson was unable to pay off his debts, he began to work with professional writers and identified his own situation with theirs. During this time, Johnson witnessed Christopher Smart's decline into "penury and the madhouse", and feared that he might share the same fate. In joking about Christopher Smart's madness, his writing for the "Universal Visiter", and his own contributions, Johnson claimed: "for poor Smart, while he was mad, not then knowing the terms on which he was engaged to write ... I hoped his wits would return to him. Mine returned to me, and I wrote in 'the Universal Visitor' no longer". The truth was that Johnson wrote for the "Universal Visiter" as an "act of charity" to the ailing Smart.
Hester Thrale Piozzi, in her "British Synonymy" Book 2, did not joke about Johnson's possible madness, and claimed, in a discussion on Smart's mental state, that Johnson was her "friend who feared an apple should intoxicate him". She made it clear who she was referring to when she wrote in "Thraliana" that "I don't believe the King has ever been much worse than poor Dr Johnson was, when he fancied that eating an Apple would make him drunk." To Hester Thrale, what separated Johnson from others who were placed in asylums for madness—like Christopher Smart—was his ability to keep his concerns and emotions to himself. However, Johnson was receiving a treatment of sorts, and it is possible that it involved a set of fetters and padlock. John Wiltshire later determined that these instruments were not symbolic, but actually used in private treatment.
Stroke.
On 17 June 1783, Johnson had a stroke resulting from poor circulation and he wrote to his neighbour, Edmund Allen, that he had lost the ability to speak. Two doctors were brought in to aid Johnson; he regained his ability to speak two days later. Johnson believed that his stroke actually helped him, as if it had some sort of canceling effect in relation to his other health issues: "My disorders are in other respects less than usual, my disease whatever it was seems collected into this one dreadful effect. My Breath is free, the constrictions of the chest are suspended, and my nights pass without oppression".
Gout.
Johnson suffered from what he and his doctors labeled as gout starting in 1775 when he was 65, and again in 1776, 1779, 1781, and 1783. He told William Boswles, in 1783, that "the Gout has treated me with more severity than any former time, it however never climbed higher than my ankles". Some of Johnson's friends and even his doctor believed that gout would actually help Johnson breathe. However, surgery was performed in hope of relieving Johnson's gout. This did not cure the gout, but Johnson tried another path which was to soak his feet in cold water; this only caused Johnson further health issues, but he claimed that it ended his gout problems
The onset of his condition is beyond the probable onset for gout, and the way the gout was limited to Johnson's ankles, along with the confusion between arthritis and gout during Johnson's day, suggests to Pat Rogers that was really a type of degenerative arthritis.
Sarcocele.
In 1782, Johnson was alarmed by a tumour that was diagnosed as a "sarcocele" (testicular tumour). This caused him great pain, and he underwent a surgical operation that was apparently successful. Yet the condition tended to reoccur later.
Posthumous diagnosis.
The various biographies on Johnson have provided evidence for several posthumous diagnoses of Johnson. Before the writings of Lawrence C. McHenry in 1967, many of Johnson's actions and health related aspects were characterized as part of his ongoing depression. It was not until afterwards that the depression became a secondary component of Tourette syndrome, and this diagnosis has become the dominant explanation for many of Johnson's behaviours.
Depression.
There are many accounts of Johnson suffering from possible bouts of depression or what he himself thought might be "madness". As Walter Jackson Bate puts it, "one of the ironies of literary history is that its most compelling and authoritative symbol of common sense—of the strong, imaginative grasp of concrete reality—should have begun his adult life, at the age of twenty, in a state of such intense anxiety and bewildered despair that, at least from his own point of view, it seemed the onset of actual insanity". After leaving Pembroke College, Johnson began to experience "feelings of intense anxiety" along with "feelings of utter hopelessness" and lassitude.
He told John Paradise, a friend, that he "could stare at the town clock without being able to tell the hour". In order to overcome these feelings, Johnson tried to constantly involve himself with various activities, but this did not seem to help. Taylor, in reflecting on Johnson's states, said that Johnson "at one time strongly entertained thoughts of Suicide".
Tourette syndrome.
Johnson displayed signs consistent with several diagnoses described in the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders", and it is widely accepted that Johnson had Tourette syndrome (TS), a condition unknown during Johnson's lifetime. Johnson displayed signs of TS as described by the writings of Boswell:
... while talking or even musing as he sat in his chair, he commonly held his head to one side towards his right shoulder, and shook it in a tremulous manner, moving his body backwards and forwards, and rubbing his left knee in the same direction, with the palm of his hand. In the intervals of articulating he made various sounds with his mouth; sometimes giving a half whistle, sometimes making his tongue play backwards from the roof of his mouth, as if clucking like a hen, and sometimes protruding it against his upper gums in front, as if pronouncing quickly under his breath, 'Too, too, too.' All this accompanied sometimes with a thoughtful look, but more frequently with a smile. Generally when he had concluded a period, in the course of a dispute, by which time he was a good deal exhausted by violence and vociferation, he used to blow out his breath like a whale.
There are many similar accounts; in particular, Johnson was said to act in such a manner at the thresholds of doors, and Frances Reynolds claims that, "with poor Mrs Williams, a blind lady who lived with him, he would quit her hand, or else whirl her about on the steps as he whirled and twisted about to perform his gesticulations". When asked by Christopher Smart's niece, a young child at the time, why he made such noises and acted in that way, Johnson responded: "From bad habit."
He had a number of tics and other involuntary movements; the signs described by Boswell and others suggest that Johnson had Tourette syndrome (TS). In 1994, J. M. S. Pearce analysed—in a "Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine" report—the details provided by Boswell, Hester Thrale, and others, in an attempt to understand Johnson's physical and mental condition. Based on their anecdotal evidence, Pearce compiled a list of movements and tics which Johnson was said to have demonstrated. From that list, he determined it was possible that Johnson was affected by Tourette syndrome as described by Georges Gilles de la Tourette. Pearce concluded that the "case of Dr Johnson accords well with current criteria for the Tourette syndrome; he also displayed many of the obsessional-compulsive traits and rituals which are associated with this syndrome".
Pearce was not alone in diagnosing Johnson as having Tourette syndrome; in 1967 Lawrence C. McHenry Jr was the first to diagnose Johnson with the syndrome but in passing. It was not until Arthur K. Shapiro's "Gilles de la Tourette Syndrome" that the diagnosis was made clear through a comprehensive study, with Shapiro declaring, "Samuel Johnson ... is the most notable example of a successful adaptation to life despite the liability of Tourette syndrome". T. J. Murray had come to the same conclusion in a 1979 "British Medical Journal" paper. Murray based his diagnosis on various accounts of Johnson displaying physical tics, "involuntary vocalisations" and "compulsive behaviour".
In a 2007 analysis, Thomas Kammer discusses the "documented evidence" of Johnson's tics, saying that Johnson was "known to have suffered from TS". According to neurologist Oliver Sacks, "the case for Samuel Johnson having the syndrome, though [...] circumstantial, is extremely strong and, to my mind, entirely convincing". He continues by generally describing the "enormous spontaneity, antics, and lightning quick wit" that featured prominently in Johnson's life. However, Pearce goes further into Johnson's biography and traces particular moments in Johnson's life which reinforced his diagnosis, concluding:
It is not without interest that periodic boundless mental energy, imaginative outbursts of inventiveness and creativity, are, characteristic of certain Tourette patients. It may be thought that without this illness Dr Johnson's remarkable literary achievements, the great dictionary, his philosophical deliberations and his conversations may never have happened; and Boswell, the author of the greatest of biographies would have been unknown.
Literary References.
In "Dressed to Kill" Samuel Johnson is said to have died from "gout. Just gout."

</doc>
<doc id="19068780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068780" title="Hydra Technologies Gavilán">
Hydra Technologies Gavilán

The E1 Gavilán is an unmanned electrical-surveillance airplane of design and manufacturing by the Mexican firm Hydra Technologies of Mexico. The aircraft is a remotely controlled unmanned aerial vehicle.
The Gavilán was presented on June 10 of 2008 in San Diego, California by 'Hydra Technologies of Mexico' in AUVSI (Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International) North America 2008, the biggest global expo of this particular industry in the world.
Just a month after its introduction in the United States, E1 Gavilán was also presented at the Farnborough Airshow, July 14.
Gavilán is the Spanish word for Sparrowhawk.
Description.
The Gavilán is an unmanned aerial system for surveillance that assures multiple uses and functionalities without risking human lives. This airplane offers capabilities that require more speed and less space that the established by its brother-system: the S4 Ehécatl.
The aircraft’s most important innovation is its lack of dependency on runways to execute its take-off, exchanging this necessity for a hand-made departure, making ground maneuvering easier on uneven terrain.
The aircraft has a 90-minutes flight autonomy, it can fly by day or night and its controlled by a single user by means of a portable GCS.
Like the S4, this system is the result of a joint effort between the Mexican Federal Government, Nafinsa and academic or scientific institutions such as CONACYT, Instituto Politécnico Nacional, Universidad Autónoma de Guadalajara and ITESO.

</doc>
<doc id="19068784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068784" title="Mahal Kita">
Mahal Kita

Mahal Kita, in English I Love You, is the debut music album of Pinoy Pop Superstar 2008 grand champion and GMA Network talent Maricris Garcia.
Background.
20-year old Maricris Garcia is the 3rd Pinoy Pop Superstar after Jonalyn Viray and Gerald Santos. Upon winning the said title, this young lass started receiving numerous singing projects and engagements. She’s the voice behind the songs "Mahal Kita", love theme of the recently ended top-rating series MariMar, and "Kung Sana Bukas", theme song of Babangon Ako't Dudurugin Kita.
Finally, Maricris is now releasing her debut album entitled “Mahal Kita” which contains 12 beautiful tracks including the two aforementioned theme songs. The album’s carrier single entitled "Bakit Ikaw Pa Rin", a rendition of Noah’s original is currently enjoying massive airplay in various fm stations nationwide. Enclosed also in her brand new album is the never been released theme song of Mga Mata ni Anghelita entitled "Nang Dahil Sa’yo".

</doc>
<doc id="19068789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068789" title="Hugh Williams (of Chester)">
Hugh Williams (of Chester)

Hugh Williams (c.1694 – January 1742) was a Welsh politician.
He was the son of John Williams, of Chester and Glascoed, who was in turn a younger son of Sir William Williams, 1st Baronet. Hugh matriculated at Jesus College, Oxford in 1712, entered Gray's Inn on 10 February 1713, and was called to the bar in 1718.
He married first Ursula Bridgeman, daughter of Sir John Bridgeman, 3rd Baronet, and second Susannah Norris, daughter of Edward Norris, but had no children by either.
Williams defeated Thomas Lloyd, of Llanidan, in 1725 to enter the House of Commons for Anglesey as a Whig. He defeated Lloyd again in the election of 1727. He voted in favor of the bill to retain the Hessian troops in British pay in 1730 and the Excise Bill in 1733. He was unsuccessful in contesting Chester in 1734 and left Parliament, dying on 14 or 18 January 1742.
His widow remarried to Hugh Warburton of Winnington Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19068790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068790" title="Pioneer Memorial Cemetery, Cincinnati">
Pioneer Memorial Cemetery, Cincinnati

The Pioneer Memorial Cemetery is a historic pioneer cemetery in the Columbia-Tusculum neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States. It is located on a small hill overlooking Lunken Airport at 333 Wilmer Avenue on Cincinnati's east side.
The oldest cemetery in Hamilton County, it lies at the site of Columbia Baptist Church, founded in 1790. Columbia is the oldest settlement in Hamilton County, as it was founded in 1788, one month before Losantiville (later Cincinnati). The cemetery is the only extant remnant of the Columbia settlement.
Included in this cemetery is the grave of Major Benjamin Stites, 1734-1804, founding father of Columbia. 
Frederick L. Payne, then Supervising Horticulturalist for the Park Board, began a restoration project in 1967 for the cemetery.
The cemetery is listed on the National Register of Historic Places under its historic name of "Columbia Baptist Cemetery".
Since 1958, the Pioneer Cemetery has been known as an archaeological site — in that year, evidence was discovered that the terrace upon which the cemetery lies was once a Native American village site. Due to the presence of the cemetery, no excavation has ever been conducted there; consequently, all that is known about the village is that it was inhabited during the Woodland period.

</doc>
<doc id="19068807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068807" title="Morse's Greatest Mystery">
Morse's Greatest Mystery

"Morse's Greatest Mystery and Other Stories" is a book by Colin Dexter. First published in 1993, it a collection of eleven short stories six of which feature Inspector Morse. The collection was also published under the title "As Good as Gold" in 1994 as a special paperback edition, commissioned by Kodak.
Contents.
The police are faced with a difficult choice: let a known terrorist walk free for lack of evidence or fabricate the evidence convincingly. Morse decides to take matters into his own hands but things do not turn out as he anticipates.
Money collected for a charity event goes missing in a bar. Morse claims spectacularly that he knows who stole the money and offers a day for the thief to return the money. The story exposes a new side of Morse's character.
Evans is a convict who was involved in two failed breakouts from Oxford prison in the past. Now he wants to take an O-level exam in German. The prison Governor is suspicious. This story does not feature Morse or Lewis but uses some of the minor characters and is set in familiar locations around Oxford.
In an unusual gesture, Morse gives a lift to a neighbour, Philip Wise. Wise tells a tale about a girl called Dodo Whitaker and her brother Ambrose Whitaker whom he met during the war. Now it is up to Morse to find out why the brother and sister disappeared with no word to Philip.
A German professor has his car stolen and then returned with an apology and tickets to the opera. Morse thinks something is fishy and guesses that the professor will be robbed when he attends the opera..
A Sherlock Holmes satire, it has an interesting take on the original Holmes case. Dexter presents not one but three different analysis of the case. It does not feature Morse or Lewis but features Sherlock Holmes, Mycroft Holmes and Dr.Watson.
A young woman is stabbed to death in Oxford and Morse and Lewis are investigating the murder. They find out that the woman wrote a short story for a crime fiction contest. Morse finds that she has juxtaposed details of her real life into the short story she wrote. 
This is another story without Morse and Lewis. It revolves around an elderly married Oxford professor who falls in love with his secretary and how the secretary's young boyfriend reacts to the affair.
This one does not feature Morse and Lewis. A petty thief/convict steals a truck loaded with expensive carpets and tries to escape to the country. The Oxford police apprehend him but over a confusion of identities, he escapes.
A middle aged businessman books a deluxe room in a 5-star hotel for a rendezvous with his mistress. However, he has a heart attack and dies in the room. The medical and circumstantial evidence seem to indicate no foul play was involved. But Morse is suspicious about the call the professor received just a few minutes before the heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="19068812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068812" title="1963 Chatham Cup">
1963 Chatham Cup

The 1963 Chatham Cup was the 36th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with regional associations each holding separate qualifying rounds. Teams taking part in the final rounds are known to have included Otangarei United, Blockhouse Bay, North Shore United, Papatoetoe, Hamilton Technical Old Boys, Kahukura (Rotorua), Eastern Union (Gisborne), Moturoa, Hastings United, Wanganui United, St. Andrews (Manawatu), Wellington Marist, Nelson Rangers, Christchurch Nomads, Timaru Thistle, Northern (Dunedin), and Invercargill Thistle. It is known that unfancied side Otematata, from Otago's Maniototo district caused a surprise by reaching the last 16 stage.
The 1963 final.
During the early 1960s North Shore were by far the strongest team in the country. This was their fourth final in five years, and with the Chatham Cup they completed a treble which included the Auckland regional league and the Rothmans Cup competition. They easily accounted for the Christchurch team of Nomads in the final, and with the exception of the tail-end of the first half dominated the match. The only goal of the first period came through Shore's Middleton (some sources say winger Peter Oden), but the lead was doubled ten minutes after the break through a header from Peter Maynard. McNicholl (some sources say Oden) added a third and North Shore coasted for the remainder of the match, allowing Nomads' Robin Muirson to gain a consolation goal for the southerners.
Results.
Final.
"Note: Some sources, such as Hilton (1991), give North Shore's goalscorers as Oden 2, Maynard."

</doc>
<doc id="19068817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068817" title="Mount Douglas (Montana)">
Mount Douglas (Montana)

Mount Douglas is a mountain in Sweet Grass County in south central Montana in the United States. It is 11,300 feet (3,444 meters) tall.
Mount Douglas is named for E. M. Douglas, of the United States Geological Survey.

</doc>
<doc id="19068831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068831" title="Just Like in the Old Country">
Just Like in the Old Country

Just Like in the Old Country is the second album by Ten Ton Chicken.

</doc>
<doc id="19068837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068837" title="Fragment of Fear">
Fragment of Fear

Fragment of Fear is a 1970 British thriller film, adapted from the book "A Fragment of Fear" by John Bingham, starring David Hemmings, Gayle Hunnicutt, Wilfrid Hyde-White, Roland Culver, Flora Robson and Arthur Lowe. The wild British jazz score composed by Johnny Harris was later used by Levi's to soundtrack their European Kung Fu TV advertising campaign in the late nineties.
Plot.
Tim Brett (Hemmings) is a former drug addict who has written a book about his experience and has been published. He has been clean for about a year. He had recently become acquainted with his aunt (Robson), a philanthropist who expresses interest in helping some of Tim's former acquaintances. She is found murdered soon after. Tim starts a relationship with Juliet (Hunnicutt), the woman who found his aunt's body, and they are soon engaged. Dissatisfied with the progress that the police are making in his aunt's murder case, he begins to ask questions of some of his aunt's acquaintances. He then begins to receive warnings from unknown persons to stop his inquiries. He meets an elderly woman on the train. She hands him a note of supposed comfort, asking him to read it at home. The note turns out to be a warning about leaving matters to the police, apparently typed on his own typewriter. There's also an ominous laugh recorded on Tim's own tape recorder, indicating that someone had been in his apartment. Tim is then visited by a police sergeant, Sgt. Matthews, who informs him that the woman on the train had lodged a complaint against Tim. Sgt. Matthews takes Tim's information but after the woman is also killed, Tim finds out that there is no sergeant by that name working at the police station. Tim is later assaulted on the streets at night by two men who leave him lying on the ground with a hypodermic needle. Tim throws the needle away down a gutter. He makes contact with a secret government agency which tells him that they are after the people who are threatening him, but all is - again - not what it seems to be. As the situation continues, Tim and Juliet's wedding fast approaches.

</doc>
<doc id="19068853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068853" title="London, West Virginia">
London, West Virginia

London is an unincorporated community in Kanawha County in the U.S. state of West Virginia, located 25 miles from the state capital of Charleston. London Lock and Dam, operated by US Army Corps of Engineers is located here on Kanawha River.
Located near London is the former Booker T. Washington High School, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19068879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068879" title="Turn Your Back">
Turn Your Back

"Turn Your Back" is the first demo single by Billy Talent from their fourth studio album, "Billy Talent III". The song debuted live at The "Norwegian Wood Festival" in Oslo, Norway, on June 14, 2008 during their performance. Later performances of the song would be accompanied by Justin Sane and Chris #2 of Anti-Flag, who also appear as guest vocalists on the single. Lead singer Ben Kowalewicz told Kerrang!: "This is about being accountable for your actions - socially, politically and environmentally."
On August 27, 2008, the band posted a promotional poster for the single on their MySpace website.
Although not a promotional single for the third album (released almost a year before the album), the single was released as a charity stand-alone single on iTunes. The album version of it, however, does not feature the guest vocals of Anti-Flag's Justin Sane and Chris #2.
On September 2, 2008, on the Radio 1 Punk Show the song was played for the first time. The song came out on iTunes on September 15, 2008. The single was officially released in Europe on September 12, 2008, and was also released in Canada, the US and France on September 16, 2008, and Australia on September 20, 2008. On the week of September 27, it debuted at number 23 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart on downloads alone.
The song was featured on the soundtrack of the NHL 09 video game.

</doc>
<doc id="19068881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068881" title="City College (Florida)">
City College (Florida)

City College is a private coeducational four-year college located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The school was founded in 1984 as a branch of Draughons Junior College, before becoming a separate school in 1989. In addition to its main campus, City College has two branch campuses in Gainesville and Miami, and an affiliate campus in Orlando. The school offers ten associate's degrees and three bachelor's degrees. City College is accredited by the Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools.
History.
City College was first established in 1984 as a branch of Draughons Junior College. In May 1988,the school added its first branch campus in Gainesville. In Fall of 1989, the school became an independent college and received approval to begin offering its first Associate of Science degrees; it expanded into Bachelor of Science degrees in July 1999.
The second branch of the school, in Miami, began operations in June 1997. In the same year, the Institute of Specialized Training and Management, Inc was approved to offer associate degrees and renamed itself to City College, becoming an Orlando affiliate of the main City College school.
Academics.
City College offers ten Associate of Science degrees in seven major programs, and Bachelor of Science degrees in their Business Administration program. In order to graduate with an Associate degree, students must complete 22-28 courses, including 6 general education courses 14 courses in their major area. For Bachelor degrees, students must complete 45-46 courses, including 14 general education courses and 14-22 major courses. Students must also maintain a 2.0 overall GPA, with some major areas having minimum grade requirements for major courses.
Campuses.
Originally located on Cypress Creek Road, the main campus of City College was moved to its current location in 2005, after the school purchased the Atrium 2000 office building in 2004 for $11.2 million. Housed on of land, the two story building spans . The Gainesville campus is housed in a single-story building near downtown Gainesville, while the Miami branch is housed in approximately of two buildings in Dadeland Towers office park.
All three campuses have state of the art computer labs and special working laboratories to allow students to get hands on experience in their respective fields of study. The school does not offer on-campus housing at any of its locations.
Orlando affiliate.
City College Orlando is an affiliate campus of "City College". It was originally established in December 1988 as the Institute of Specialized Training & Management, Inc. (ISTM), a school specializing in the education and career development of independent private investigators. In 1989, the school was officially licensed by the State Board of Independent Postsecondary Vocational, Technical, Trade and Business Schools. It began offering vocational programs in 1991, expanding to include Associate degrees in 1996. In 1997, the school renamed itself and became an affiliate of City College. The campus obtained accreditation for the Associate of Science degrees it offered in 2000.
As an affiliate, the school has a separate director and board of directors from the other City College campuses, but otherwise has a similar structure and course offerings, the same mission, and similar education guidelines.
Student life.
City college does not offer organized student activities and has no sports teams, feeling that their students are attending the school "to learn job skills and many are involved with their own families and organizations". Students are allowed to form their own organizations, with faculty sponsorship and approval of the director. The school currently has four student organizations: Allied Health Student Association, the Broadcast Student Association (only for students at the Fort Lauderdale campus), the City College Ambassadors, and the Private Investigator Student Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19068883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068883" title="Railspike">
Railspike

Railspike is the name of several fictional characters in the various Transformers universes.
Transformers: Robots in Disguise.
Railspike is an Autobot train. Railspike is the grizzled leader of the Team Bullet Train. He is courageous and polite, and his intelligence makes him akin to any battlefield situation. He tends to act as a peacekeeper when tempers get out of hand. Despite his apparent age, Railspike is still able to take on his enemies with incredible efficiency and skill. Railspike transforms to a 500 Series Shinkansen Nozomi bullet train engine. He is equipped with rocket launchers in his shoulders, and is capable of generating ultrasonic waves, powerful enough to take down his targets in one hit. He also fires "Reflector Mines" which can send an opponents attack right back at them. He forms the upper body, arms and head of Rail Racer.
Animated series.
Team Bullet Train first appears in episode #3, "Bullet Train to the Rescue." In this episode Team Bullet Train is called in the help the Autobots save the Linear RFG from a Predacon attack. 
Team Bullet Train return in episode #6 "The Secret of the Ruins" where they are called into Metro City to stop a Predacon attack. 
Team Bullet Train are featured in the episode #8 "Secret Weapon: D-5" where they help protect a classic train (with Koji aboard) from a Predacon attack.
He last appears in episode #38, "The Final Battle Part 2." 
Transformers: Universe.
Railspike is an Autobot Micromaster train. He combines with his fellow Railbots to form Rail Racer (Sixtrain in Japan). 
Although he did not receive any biography in his U.S. release, the following is a translation of his Japanese biography: ""The train team leader. Has an uncrushably strong will and righteous spirit. Despite losing his memories from before he evolved into a Micromaster, he was chosen as leader owing to his high popularity among his team-mates. With a greater hatred for evil than anyone else on the team, he appears to be grasping for both the lost memories of his past and the key to activating his red mode.
According to the story with Sixtrain Red Mode, the Sixtrain turns red and becomes more powerful when empowered by a piece of the Maxtix.

</doc>
<doc id="19068886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068886" title="Howard Athenaeum">
Howard Athenaeum

The Howard Athenæum (1845-1953) in Boston, Massachusetts, was one of the most famous theaters in Boston history. Founded in 1845, it remained an institution of culture and learning for most of its years, finally closing in 1953.
History.
Of all the theaters founded in Boston, the Howard Athenæum was one of the most famous as well as the most lamented. Popular throughout New England, the theater was affectionately called "The Old Howard." Built in 1843 as a church by the Millerite sect, the flimsy tent-like structure housed a small but loyal congregation who eventually abandoned the site following disappointment with the minister's promise that the world would end in 1844. After Armageddon failed to materialize, the founder of the sect, William Miller, an ex-Deputy Sheriff from Poultney, Vermont, was discredited and the Millerites moved on. The temple was then rebuilt as a playhouse in 1845, only to burn to the ground a few months later. In 1846 a new structure was designed by Isaiah Rogers in a Gothic-like style that was unique among American theaters. The new building, made of Quincy granite and capable of seating 1,360 patrons, was rushed to completion with the aid of funds from a local brewery. It reopened October 5, 1846, at 34 Howard Street in Scollay Square, the area that is now occupied by Boston's Government Center.
For the first several decades of its existence, it successfully vied with the Boston Museum as that city's leading playhouse. While the Boston Museum relied heavily on its great stock company, the Howard became the home of leading touring actors. In an 1860 playbill, the Howard Athenaeum proudly announced that it hosted performances of "opera, tragedy, comedy, burlesque, vaudeville, minstrels, and magicians." Among the great names regularly appearing at the Howard were Edwin Booth, Charlotte Cushman and other stellar performers of that era, including a young John Wilkes Booth, who played Hamlet. The playhouse soon became famous for its opera productions: Verdi's "Ernani", which had its American premier at the Howard in 1847, may have been Boston's first exposure to Italian bel canto opera. A program for the "Ernani" performance at the Howard is owned by the Boston Athenæum, which has a very small but interesting collection of programs from the Howard's early years dating from 1847 to 1848. 
On opening night, the "Boston Courier" for October 13, 1845, had this to say:
Ballet, opera and serious drama would be the main fare at the Howard for the next twenty years and, on that first night, the Howard Athenaeum opened with a production of Richard Sheridan's "The School for Scandal". For the first four months of its life, the Howard seemed to enjoy a blessed existence, until on February 25, 1846, during a performance of "Pizzaro", a ball of fire representing the sun set the scenery on fire and the building burned to the ground. However, the theatre reopened on October 5, 1846 with Richard Sheridan's "The Rivals".
Milestones.
During its early period, the Howard Athenaeum played host to many performing superstars, among them was the eminent comedian, William Warren, who was for years considered the top comedian in the nation. Scandal also surfaced when, on May 4, 1853, the Howard Athenaeum found itself under unfavorable national scrutiny. Sarah Parker Remond, a medical doctor, anti-slavery activist and lecturer with the American Anti-Slavery Society, had bought a ticket through the mail for the Donizetti opera, "Don Pasquale", but, upon arriving, refused to sit in a segregated section for the show. She was forcibly removed and pushed down a flight of stairs. She eventually won a desegregation lawsuit against the managers of the Howard Athenaeum and received $500 in a settlement. 
By the late 1860s, however, the theater had lost much of its audience to its more popular rivals— the Boston Museum and the Boston Theatre— and had begun presenting variety shows. In 1869, The Howard Athenaeum introduced an era of vaudeville with "Lydia Thomson and Her British Blondes.", By the end of the 19th century, the theatre had completely switched over to burlesque with performers such as Ann Corio, Sally Rand, Fanny Brice, Gypsy Rose Lee, Sophie Tucker and "Tillie the Tassel." From its fashionable grand opera days in the mid-19th century, the Old Howard had become a tawdry establishment especially beloved by Harvard undergraduates for its strip-tease acts. President Kennedy was allegedly a regular patron of the Old Howard in his Harvard days (The Harvard class of 1937 even made Ann Corio an honorary member.) The "Boston Phoenix" for February 17, 2007, said: "...the Howard hosted everyone in show biz from John Wilkes Booth to Phil Silvers to Minsky’s Burlesque star Ann Corio to an “exotic Indian dancer” named Princess Lahoma." Plus a few vice raids. The list becomes even longer when you add these Howard alumni: Abbott & Costello, Jimmy Durante, Fred Allen, W. C. Fields, Jackie Gleason, Al Jolson, Buster Keaton, Bert Lahr and Jerry Lewis. And, even more unbelievable, boxers John L. Sullivan and Rocky Marciano gave boxing demonstrations on the stage. During this exciting era of burlesque and variety, the Howard would advertise: "There is always Something Doing at the Old Howard."
After the show was over.
As the burlesque performances got more risqué with each year, the Boston vice squad made the Old Howard the object of their attention. The Boston Vice squad made a 16mm film during one of their raids in 1953 and captured on film the performance of "Irma the Body" (real name: Mary Goodneighbor). This film footage resulted in an indecency hearing which eventually led to the closing of the Old Howard in 1953. 
Due to the indecency charges, the city of Boston refused to renew the Old Howard's license in 1953, so the auditorium was dark for nearly a decade. In 1960 the Howard National Theatre and Museum Committee was formed to raise $1,500,000 to refurbish “"Boston's most celebrated theatre"” and restore it to the legitimate fold. However, before the committee could realize its ambition, the building had a small but not devastating fire. Though many people supported the push for a complete renovation, the city tore the building down promptly after the fire before anybody could protest. This controversial incident occurred at the height of Boston's urban renewal initiative and not much was considered historic except colonial-era structures.
A sign from The Old Howard is preserved today in the Emerson Umbrella in Concord, MA. 
Actors and actresses who began their careers at the Howard Athenaeum.
Fanny Davenport (1850-1898) was an American stage actress. The daughter of Edward Loomis Davenport and Fanny Vining, she was born in London, England, but was brought to America when a child and educated in the Boston public schools. When seven years old she appeared at the Howard Athenæum in Boston, as the child of Metamora.
Barney Fagan (January 12, 1850 - 1937) made his first professional appearance in his native city of Boston at the famous Howard Athenaeum in 1860, as the Cabin Boy in the "Pilot of Brest." He remained at this theatre several seasons until 1865 when he played his first minstrel engagement with the Morris Brothers in Boston. In 1870 Mr. Fagan went to St. Johns, New Brunswick, Canada, and appeared with Pete Lee’s Minstrels. In 1873 he joined Buckley’s Serenaders in Boston, and took a fellow dancer, Joe Parks, as a partner. During the period 1873-1876, Fagan and Parks, known as the American Lads, played variety engagements. In 1876 he did the famous Heifer dance with Richard Golden in Evangeline. Mr. Fagan next joined John Fenton in a dancing specialty, and continued with him until 1878, when he formed a partnership with Lizzie Mulvey, which lasted one season.
Nathaniel Carl Goodwin (July 25, 1857 – January 31, 1919) was an American actor and vaudevillian born in Boston. While clerk in a large shop he studied for the stage and made his first appearance in 1874 at the Howard Athenaeum in Boston in Stuart Robson's company as the newsboy in Joseph Bradford's "Law in New York". The next year he appeared at Tony Pastor's Opera House in New York City where he began his career as a vaudevillian.
William Edward Sheridan (June 1, 1839 - May 18, 1887), born in Boston, where he made his debut at the Howard Athenaeum in 1858, he became a leading portrayer of villains and tragic figures in Cincinnati until the outbreak of the Civil War. After the war, despite a badly injured arm, he continued to be an important actor, his notable roles including Othello, Shylock, and Sir Giles Overreach. Sheridan also was the first American Beamish McCloud in Arrah na Pogue (1865). Following a long San Francisco engagement, he left for a tour of Australia, where he died. Otis Skinner remembered the virile actor with dark, deep set eyes as a man of splendid power, with one of the most intriguing voices I ever listened to. Others remarked on his voice's striking resonance.
Henry Denman Thompson (1833 - ?) For three generations his ancestors had been born and lived in Swanzey New Hampshire. In 1847 when he was fourteen years old, he returned with his family to Swanzey, New Hampshire, the town which became the inspiration for writing his famous play, "The Old Homestead." While living there in Swanzey, Denman attended the Mount Caesar Seminary (now the Mount Caesar Union
Library). His first appearance on the stage was at the Howard Athenaeum, Boston (1850) where he acted as a "supe" for Charlotte Cushman in "Lady Macbeth." 

</doc>
<doc id="19068922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068922" title="Dmytro Zhdankov">
Dmytro Zhdankov

Dmytro Zhdankov (; born 18 November 1984 in Kharkiv, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper. He is the product of the Metalist Youth School system.
Career.
Raised in Metalist Youth School system, Dmytro Zhdankov failed to find a regular spot in the Metalist Reserves and thus in the beginning of 2003 moved to the Ukrainian Second League club FC Hazovyk-KhGV Kharkiv, where he found a regular spot and played there for until the winter of 2007–08 season when the removed themselves from competition. So, Zhdankov returned to his home club to continue playing for the Metalist Reserve squad for the rest of the season. For the 2008–09 season, Metalist coach Myron Markevych named him to be one of the three main goalies of the senior club.
National Team.
During the 2002–2003 season, Dmytro Zhdankov was called up to Ukrainian under-19 national football team, where he played one game.

</doc>
<doc id="19068950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068950" title="William L. Mallory, Sr.">
William L. Mallory, Sr.

William Leslie Mallory, Sr. (October 4, 1931 – December 10, 2013) was an American politician who was elected to the Ohio House of Representatives in 1966 and served for 28 years in the Ohio legislature. In 1974 he won election as Majority Floor Leader, the first African American to serve in that role.
When he retired in 1994, he was the longest serving majority leader in the history of Ohio.
Mallory married his wife Fannie in 1955. They had six children, who like their father have pursued careers in politics and public service. Mark L. Mallory is the former mayor of Cincinnati. Dale Mallory serves as a state representative in District 32, in the Ohio House of Representatives.
Mallory graduated from vocational school and then received his bachelors degree in education from Central State University, He worked in juvenile court and taught elementary education. Mallory died at a hospice in Cincinnati on December 10, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19068969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068969" title="Zygolophodon">
Zygolophodon

Zygolophodon is an extinct genus of African, Asian, North American and European mastodon that lived during the Miocene and Pliocene epochs. It may have evolved from "Tetralophodon". While collecting fossils in the Clarno Formation of Oregon during 1941, noted paleobotanists Alonzo W. Hancock and Chester A. Arnold recovered the most complete "Zygolophodon" skull known at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="19068975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068975" title="River City Gang">
River City Gang

River City Gang is an American country music group and songwriting team founded in Richmond, Virginia. Since its creation, River City Gang has been composed of three members: Sam Hayes (lead vocals), Brian S. Friedman (guitar, vocals) and David Phoenix Karns (Bass Guitar, vocals).
History.
River City Gang is a group of musicians, producers, and music industry pros with ties to Richmond, Virginia, a.k.a. the River City. The project began in early 2007, when a fellow music supervisor asked Brian to submit songs to another country music trio for a new album. Brian had been working 10+ years in Los Angeles as a music editor and composer for MTV and movies. Rick had been managing and developing artists while assisting Brian composing for television and film. Brian and Rick are BMI award winning song writers having recorded and composed television theme songs including the theme to MTV's "Punk'd" and "Making the Video" 
Brian called his brother Rick to discuss demoing a few songs from their music library. Although Brian was in Los Angeles, and Rick was in Virginia, through technology they were able to cut tracks in both places and simultaneously share info. Once all the music tracks were cut, it was time to record vocals. However, Brian had caught a cold and the brothers were under deadline. They needed someone to cut vocals and someone fast. A few years back, the brothers had worked with Kyle Davis, a singer-songwriter who had released recordings on Virgin Records, Universal, and Windmark. Kyle was a seasoned professional, performing 200+ shows a year. "The Brothers Friedman" as they are referred to in the LA TV World, began thinking of vocalists. They immediately both thought of Kyle. Kyle was an old friend, and they knew he could get the job done. Rick called Kyle who agreed to cut the vocals. The tracks turned out so good, that the trio decided not to even submit the songs to another group, but to keep them for a new a project that would rekindle their love of performing.
Within a few weeks, Brian flew back to Richmond, for a songwriting session. Brian recalls, "I knew we had captured magic the minute we started writing together. Kyle’s Folk and country background totally complemented our country and rock edge." 
The band began 2009 opening for Lynyrd Skynyrd on January 2, 2009, at ODU's Ted Constant Convocation Center.

</doc>
<doc id="19068992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19068992" title="Monastery of the Temptation">
Monastery of the Temptation

The Monastery of the Temptation (, "Deir al-Quruntal") is an Orthodox Christian monastery located in the West Bank, along a cliff overlooking the city of Jericho and the Jordan Valley. It is built upon the summit of the Mount of Temptation, rising 350 meters above sea level. It currently serves as a tourist attraction and its land is under the full jurisdiction of the Palestinian National Authority, but the monastery is owned and managed by the Greek Orthodox Church of Jerusalem.
History.
The earliest monastery was constructed by the Byzantines in the 6th century CE above the cave traditionally said to be that where Jesus spent forty days and forty nights fasting and meditating during the temptation of Satan, about three kilometers northwest of Jericho. The monastery receives its name from the mountain which the early Christians referred to as the "Mount of the Temptation". The Monastery of the Temptation was identified by "Augusta" Helena of Constantinople as one of the "holy sites" in her pilgrimage in 326 CE. 
Palestine, including Jericho, was conquered by the Arabs under the Islamic Caliphate of Umar ibn al-Khattab in the 630s. When the Crusaders invaded the area in 1099, they built two churches on the site: one in a cave half way up the cliff and the second one on the summit. They referred to the site as "Mons Quarantana" (from "Quaranta" meaning forty, the number of days in the Gospel account of Jesus's fast). 
The land upon which the modern monastery was built was purchased by the Orthodox Church in 1874. In 1895, the monastery was constructed around a crude cave chapel that marks the stone where Jesus sat during his fast. Three Orthodox monks currently dwell in the monastery and guide visitors to the site.
The Orthodox Church, along with its Palestinian Orthodox followers purchaser, originally attempted to build a church at the summit, but were unsuccessful; the unfinished walls of that church are located on a slope above the monastery. At this site, a fortress built by the Seleucids called "Doq" stood until it was captured by the Hasmoneans. It was here that Simon Maccabaeus was murdered by his son-in-law Ptolemy.
In 1998 a cable car was built from Jericho's Tel Sultan to the level of the monastery by an Austrian-Swiss company as an tourist attraction for the year 2000. At present there is a restaurant, a cafe and a souvenir shop at the monastery entrance for the tourists.

</doc>
<doc id="19069077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069077" title="Kalakala">
Kalakala

Kalakala may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19069079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069079" title="FAT TOM">
FAT TOM

FAT TOM is a mnemonic device that is used in the food service industry to describe the six favorable conditions required for the growth of foodborne pathogens. It is an acronym for food, acidity, time, temperature, oxygen and moisture.
Conditions.
Each of the six conditions that foster the growth foodborne pathogens are defined in a set ranges:

</doc>
<doc id="19069119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069119" title="March 1990 Central United States tornado outbreak">
March 1990 Central United States tornado outbreak

The March 1990 Central United States tornado outbreak affected portions of the United States Great Plains and Midwest regions from Iowa to Texas from March 11 to March 13, 1990. The outbreak produced at least 64 tornadoes across the region, including four violent tornadoes; two tornadoes, which touched down north and east of Wichita, Kansas, were both rated F5, including the tornado that struck Hesston. In Nebraska, several strong tornadoes touched down across the southern and central portion of the state, including an F4 that traveled for . Two people were killed in the outbreak, one apiece by the two F5s in Kansas.
Overview.
The Central United States tornado outbreak of March 13, 1990, was one of the most violent outbreaks ever documented in March (second only to the Palm Sunday tornado outbreak of 1920 in terms of violent tornadoes and the March 2006 Tornado Outbreak Sequence in terms of the total number of tornadoes reported). Numerous tornadoes touched down across Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma, and Iowa. Two tornadic thunderstorms with exceptional life spans/tornado families were observed, one of which produced an F4 tornado in eastern Nebraska that was on the ground for over . The other produced an extensive tornado family in southern Kansas that included two F5 tornadoes. The first of these struck the town of Hesston, Kansas, and was one of the most photographed and documented violent tornadoes in history.
The Hesston and Goessel tornado family.
The tornadoes that struck Hesston and Goessel were both spawned by the same supercell thunderstorm. They were part of what is known as a tornado family; a family that included several additional touchdowns after the Goessel storm dissipated.
The first tornado of the Hesston storm touched down at approximately 4:34 p.m. CDT just to the northeast of Pretty Prairie. It was initially between 200 and 500 yards in diameter, and caused minimal (F1-F2) damage as it churned between Castleton and the Cheney Reservoir. Photographic evidence suggests significant widening as the tornado approached Haven and the Arkansas River. The damage path ranged between 1/2 and 3/4 miles near Haven, and several homes were completely demolished indicating F4 damage. Had the tornado moved through a more populated area in this stage of its life, it is likely that it would have caused much more dramatic damage. Fairly constant F3 damage was produced from Haven to Burrton and to the Little Arkansas River. The path width remained over in diameter. 
Northeast of the Little Arkansas, the track abruptly decreased in width from to just over . Photographs suggest what appears to be a re-organization of the tornadic circulation; initially a wedge like appearance, the funnel quickly became tall and narrow. The most significant damage was done in this stage, however. The tornado plowed into the town of Hesston, just northwest of Newton on I-135. A total of 226 homes and 21 businesses were destroyed, and several were swept completely from their foundations. Portions of the damage path in Hesston were rated F5. 20 farms were torn apart in rural areas outside of town. Light debris from Hesston was found away in Nebraska. One person died and 59 people were injured.
The series of events that occurred as the tornado moved past the Hesston area were most interesting. Eyewitness accounts observed the touchdown of an additional tornado just to the north. This is consistent with models of what is known as a "tornado handoff", in which an old mesocyclone and tornado occlude as a new mesocyclone and tornado further downwind becomes dominant. Over the course of a few miles, the new tornado intensified and the original one diminished. Eventually, the Hesston tornado (after travelling nearly ) occluded and merged with the new funnel, and the supercell began to re-intensify. The new tornado became very large, and violent damage was produced by the second tornado in Marion county. Several homes were again completely demolished and swept away and one additional fatality was reported. The tornado produced very severe cycloidal ground scouring in farm fields, and damage near the town of Goessel was "extreme F5" according to NWS damage surveyors. The severity of the damage left behind by this tornado led some meteorologists to believe that the Goessel tornado was among the strongest ever documented at that time. The storm passed Goessel and then dissipated approximately from its genesis.

</doc>
<doc id="19069122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069122" title="Ihor Bazhan">
Ihor Bazhan

Ihor Bazhan (born 2 December 1981 in Kirovohrad, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football retired goalkeeper who played for FC Illichivets Mariupol in the Ukrainian Premier League. He is the product of the Zirka Youth School system. He moved to Metalist from Zorya during the 2008–09 summer transfer season.
National team.
During the 2002–03 season, Ihor Bazhan was called up to Ukrainian under-21 national football team, where he played one game.

</doc>
<doc id="19069137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069137" title="2008–09 UCLA Bruins men's basketball team">
2008–09 UCLA Bruins men's basketball team

The 2008–09 UCLA Bruins men's basketball team opened the season on November 3 when it took on Cal Baptist in an exhibition game in Pauley Pavilion. The Bruins participated in the 2K Sports Classic, Big 12/Pac-10 Hardwood Series, and the John R. Wooden Classic in the Honda Center.
The team opened the season with the following starters: Alfred Aboya (Center), James Keefe (Power forward), Josh Shipp (Small forward), Jrue Holiday (Shooting guard) and Darren Collison (Point guard).
The team opted not to have an October 17, 2008 Midnight Madness celebration this year. Practices began on Saturday, October 18, as they prepared for the first exhibition game on Monday, November 3. The team has been picked to finish first in the Pac-10 conference again, over Arizona State, USC and Arizona.
Freshman Tyler Trapani (#4), great-grandson of former head coach John Wooden, had joined the team.
Three players from last season's team, Russell Westbrook, Kevin Love and Luc Richard Mbah a Moute were chosen to play in the NBA. Westbrook was picked by the Seattle Sonics, now Oklahoma City Thunder, as the fourth overall pick, Love was the fifth pick by the Memphis Grizzlies, and Mbah a Moute was picked by the Milwaukee Bucks, the 37th pick in the NBA draft.
The team finished the season by losing to Villanova 89–69 in the second round of the NCAA National Championship Tournament. The senior class of Alfred Aboya, Darren Collison and Josh Shipp finished their careers with the most wins in school history with 123 The distinction was relative, as John Wooden's legendary teams played shorter seasons and freshmen were ineligible.
Highlights.
During half-time of the January 31 game against Stanford, the Bruins' 1963–64 and 1964–65 National Championship teams were honored, along with their 98-year-old former coach John R. Wooden, who told the crowd that he can still remember those years. The game also marked the Coaches vs. Cancer Suits and Sneakers Awareness Weekend with both teams wore white sneakers with their suits and ties.
A week later at the Notre Dame game, Troy Aikman was honored for his induction into the College Football Hall of Fame and for having recently completed his courses for a degree in sociology during half-time. A plaque was presented to Aikman to be permanently displayed at UCLA's Hall of Fame.
Seniors Alfred Aboya and Darren Collison played more games for UCLA than any other player in history, passing Mitchell Butler's 130 games from 1990–93.
The 72–54 DePaul victory in the December 13, 2008 John R. Wooden Classic game was coach Ben Howland's 300th career victory.
Sidney Wicks and his 1968–69 championship team were honored during halftime of the final home game against Oregon on Saturday, March 7, 2009.
These former players are now playing on a NBA team: Jason Kapono, Arron Afflalo, Dan Gadzuric, Luc Mbah a Moute, Ryan Hollins, Baron Davis, Trevor Ariza, Jordan Farmar, Matt Barnes, Kevin Love, Earl Watson, and Russell Westbrook.
UCLA's three-year reign came to an end when Washington defeated Washington State, 67–60 to win the regular season Pac-10 title.
Darren Collison was named to the All-Pac-10 team; Josh Shipp was named to the second team; Alfred Aboya was honorable mention on the All-Pac-10 team; Jrue Holiday was named to the All-Freshman team; and Alfred Aboya and Darren Collison were named to the All-Defensive team.
Darren Collison was an honorable mention in the 2008–09 AP All-America basketball teams. Additionally, he was named the 2009 recipient of the Frances Pomeroy Naismith Award by the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. The award goes to the "nation's outstanding senior male collegian 6'0" and under who has excelled both athletically and academically."
In the NCAA National Championship tournament, Alfred Aboya scored two free-throw points with 48 seconds remaining in the game to help UCLA get by VCU in the first round at the East Regional in Philadelphia's Wachovia Center. Top scorers in the game were Eric Maynor (21) for VCU and Josh Shipp (16) for UCLA.
In the second round, with six Wildcats scoring double-digit points, Villanova ended UCLA's hope of going to the Final Four for the fourth time in a row. Dante Cunningham had 18 points; Reggie Redding and Corey Fisher had 13; Corey Stokes put up 12; eleven points came from Scottie Reynolds and ten points were put up by Dwayne Anderson for the winning team. Josh Shipp had 18 points and Alfred Aboya had 8 rebounds for UCLA.
On Friday, April 3, Alfred Aboya will play in the Hershey's all-star game, which is part of the kickoff celebration to Final Four weekend at Ford Field.
The team finished the season with an attendance of 392,980 in 35 games, averaging 11,228 fans per game.
Freshman guard Jrue Holiday announced on April 9 that he would make himself eligible for the NBA draft without signing with an agent.
Players.
(1) 2005–06 medical hardship waiver — (2) 2004–05 redshirt — (*) denotes number of varsity letters
Schedule.
!colspan=8| Pac-10 Tournament
!colspan=8| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="19069157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069157" title="Jack Anthony (musician)">
Jack Anthony (musician)

Jack Anthony Svicarevich (May 20, 1982) is an American singer-songwriter, composer and musician. A Southern California native, Jack was born in Harbor City and raised in San Pedro.
Early career.
With an early interest in music, Jack began playing guitar at the age of 10. By high school he was playing in numerous garage band and performing at various Southern California venues, while simultaneously working on his solo project.
In 1999, after hearing a Jack Anthony demo given to him by a local radio station DJ, Drive Thru Records president Richard Reines contacted Jack and began offering him advice. He also put him in touch with Max Bemis, who had recently formed Say Anything. The two appeared together at the Roxy in 2001, and Jack appears in the thank yous of the rare 
Say Anything release, entitled "Junior Varsity".
2003 to present.
In 2003, Jack released his first solo album, "Disaster". Having performed everything on the album with the exception of the drums (played by Seth Barnes) and some backup vocals, Jack also handled most of the album's promotion. After receiving an invite to open for Home Grown at an Oktoberfest event at UCI, Jack had to quickly piece a band together. Along with his good friends and former band mates David Miller and Seth Barnes, the three comprised the first official Jack Anthony solo performance.
The Untitled EP.
By 2005, the Jack Anthony lineup had changed slightly. In May, along with Seth Barnes, Ryan Lai, and new drummer Ruben Reitor, Jack Anthony recorded a four song EP, simply titled "the Untitled EP", which was officially released in 2006. The first track, "Averill Park", borrows its name from Averill Park, a local attraction in Jack's hometown of San Pedro. A music video for the song was eventually filmed inside the park itself, and it currently has over 350,000 views on YouTube. It was directed by screenwriter/director Benji Samit.
Garage Band Makeover.
In early 2006, shortly after Mike Crisis joined the band as the new official drummer, the Jack Anthony band was asked by MTV to take part in a brand new reality show called Garage Band Makeover. Hosted by Story of the Year singer Dan Marsala, the show followed the band as they underwent changes to improve their image and performance. This was the only episode of the show ever filmed.
Spirits and the Scattered Screen.
Jack Anthony's second full length studio album, Spirits and the Scattered Screen, was much more of a collaborative effort than the first. As opposed to "Disaster", which was completely written and almost exclusively performed by Jack himself, this album featured songs co-written by both Ryan Lai as well as Seth Barnes. It is also the only Jack Anthony recording that features Mike Crisis on the drums. A music video was later filmed for the song "Bad Habitat", directed by Clenet Verdi-Rose. Another track from the album, "Cloudy Daze", will be appearing in the upcoming horror film "Little *ucker: the Last True Party Animal".
Cue the Clouds.
On December 17th, 2011, Jack Anthony released "Cue the Clouds." Featuring no percussion other than a tambourine on one track, this collection of acoustic guitar driven songs was the first Jack Anthony release in roughly five years. The album release show was held on December 17th, 2011, at the Grand Annex in San Pedro, CA. The album contains 10 original tracks (including one co-written with and performed by Seth Barnes) as well as one cover of Words I Might Have Ate by Green Day.
Composing.
In addition to the official Jack Anthony music, he also composes pieces in various genres on occasion for commercials as well as independent films. Under the pseudonym "Jack Move", he also produces music for a local hip hop group called the Medicated Machines.

</doc>
<doc id="19069159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069159" title="Million Light Years Away">
Million Light Years Away

Million Light Years Away is a live album by the Finnish power metal band Stratovarius. The album was recorded in Finland
Personnel.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19069168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069168" title="List of storms on the Great Lakes">
List of storms on the Great Lakes

Ever since people have traveled the Great Lakes storms have taken lives and vessels. The first sailing vessel on the upper lakes, the "Le Griffon", was lost on its return from Green Bay in 1679. Since that time, memorable storms have swept the lakes, often in November taking men and ships to their death. With the advent of modern technology and sturdier vessels, fewer such losses have occurred. The large expanse of the lakes allows waves to build to substantial heights and the open water can alter weather systems (fog, lake effect snow). Storm winds can alter the lakes as well with large systems causing storm surges that lower lake levels several feet on one side while raising it even higher on the other. The shallowest lake, Lake Erie, sometime see storm surge rises of 8 or 10 feet. Seiches cause short-term irregular lake level changes, killing people swept off beaches and piers and even sometimes sinking boats The great tolls caused by Great Lakes storms in 1868 and 1869 were one of the main reasons behind establishing a national weather forecasting service, initially run by the U.S. Army Signal Corps using telegraphs to announce approaching storms in a few port cities.
Lake Erie Gale (1811).
It was September 1811 and Jacob Butler was headed to Sandusky, Ohio as the new Indian Agent. When he arrived in Buffalo, he found it to be a small town of 40-50 houses and little activity. There were but a few ships in the harbor. The "Catherine" was a new schooner that had set sail the day before, but was now anchored nine miles up the Canadian shore at Point Ebenew. As it had set sail, it encountered a west forcing it to seek shelter. Seeing an opportunity to avoid the long trip around the lake, he crossed the Niagara River and with the help of a guide came upon the ship at anchor after two hours. Soon they were underway with a steady breeze pushing them towards Sandusky.
The ship was packed and every possible space in which a person could find repose was occupied. All night they traveled westward, the ship pushed by the wind and the schooner rocking from side to side. With so many people, so closely packed, many became nauseated. The next day, they traveled westward. As night fell on their second day of travel, they expected to see Sandusky in the morning. Everyone had just settled down for the night, when a commotion arose and a gale blew out of the southwest, nearly tipping the vessel over. If the schooner had not been ‘hove to’ and resting quietly, it would have been capsized. (Without shore lights, lighthouse, or modern navigation equipment, Captains would ‘heave to’ at night if they anticipated approaching land/harbor soon. This prevented them from running aground in the dark.)
Quickly the crew made the "Catherine" ready for the storm and let her drift before the winds. As daylight came, the captain was able to get his ship behind Presque Isle (Erie, Pennsylvania), where they rode out the storm for the next 24 hours. The winds persisted so fiercely that everything on deck was swept clear. The crew and passengers remained below deck in the dark, their supply of food gone. On the fourth day of his journey, the gale ended and they were able to resupply from shore. Setting sail for Sandusky, the hope was to make harbor by dark. Once again a gale of lesser force sprang up and pushed the vessel back to Presque Isle. Here, many of the passengers left the ship and hired a wagon for the two-week overland trip. On their next attempt to reach Sandusky, the "Catherine" made harbor without incident.
Storm in the age of canoes (1825).
It was September 1825 when Henry Rowe Schoolcraft recorded a late fall storm on Lake Huron. He was returning from an Indian ‘Congress’ at Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin. It had been an uneventful six-day trip from the Mississippi River to Michilimackinac. From Mackinac, Schoolcraft was headed towards Detour Pass and up the St. Mary's River to Sault Ste. Marie. On the morning of 5 September, he arose, had breakfast and prepared to strike out in their canoes. The day was cloudy and threatening, so he decided to wait until the next day. Arising at three in the morning, he found the island lost in a fog. They waited until it began to clear at 6:30 a.m. and made their way to Goose Island, ten miles (16 km) distance after three hours. From there, they made their way to Outard Point. Here, the headwind had increased so they hove to about noon and were able to pull into an inlet out of the wind and make camp. Eight hours later, the canoe party was still waiting for the wind to let up. The night brought a heavy rain, piercing the fabric of the tents, soaking everyone and everything. The morning of the 7th found the storm continuing. The increasing violence caused Schoolcraft to have his tent moved back into the trees for more protection. Around three, the sky seemed to be brightening and expectations were that the weather was clearing. But the rains and the wind came with renewed fury from the west and continued late into the night. As the morning of the 8th arrived, Schoolcraft determined to get on with his journey. As the wind was directly out of the west, he was headed east, he ordered the canoes readied and the sails. With sails reefed against the storm, the brigade set out into the lake at 10:00 a.m. Just under three and a half hours brought them 20 miles to the Isle St. Vital, behind which they took refuge from the wind. After a break, they once again set into the gale force winds, driving for De Tour and the St. Mary’s Strait. Here they found the schooner "Harriet", down bound, waiting for the winds to subside. It was but another day and they were once again at Sault Ste. Marie.
Early steam on the Lakes (1835).
On November 11, 1835, a southwest wind swept across the lakes, taking numerous vessels. This was still early in the life of commercial shipping on the Lakes, so most of the losses were on the lower lakes where settlements were greatest.
Buffalo was a major port on Lake Erie and felt the force of the storm as water from the lake forced ships onto the piers and shoreline of the city. The creek rose 20 feet as the wind and the harbor front were swept away.
The 1905 Blow (1905).
The storm on Lake Superior is also commonly referred to as the Mataafa Storm after the most significant shipwreck caused by the disaster. The storm started as a one-day blow. The last of the season shipping was trying for one last load. The storm signals were hoisted and most ships were still in port when the rain began, becoming heavy. Turning to snow, it was driven by 60 mile-per-hour (96 km/h) winds at Duluth. Only the "Charlemagne Tower" had been out on the lake and ran for Portage, Michigan. Over the next two days, the weather moderated and by November 25 (Saturday), it had cleared and ships once again moved out onto the lake. A total of 29 ships were damaged or lost in the storm leading to 39 fatalities.
Journey through the storm.
It was Saturday, November 25, 1905 when the "Joseph G. Butler, Jr." set sail for the first time from the American Ship Building Company’s Lorain yards. It was the newest vessel on the lakes. Through the night, the vessel continued northward, up the Detroit River and entering Lake St. Clair as dawn broke. By noon, November 26, the "Butler" emerged from the St. Clair River into Lake Huron. The sky was gray and overcast. For the rest of Sunday, the "Butler" steamed north across Lake Huron. On the morning of Monday, November 27, the "Butler" passed Detour Reef Light and entered the Saint Marys River. Monday afternoon, the "Butler" cleared the Soo Locks, just behind the "Bransford". That afternoon, the temperature was 28 degrees (-2 degrees C). As the two steamers headed across Whitefish Bay, the barometer started downward, then the bottom fell out and the snow thickened. By dusk, the lookouts could barely make out the light at Whitefish Point as they cleared the bay into the body of Lake Superior. Here the "Bransford" turned northward to follow the Canadian shore to stay north of the storm. The "Butler" turned southwestward to take the shorter distance and pressed through the storm.
As the "Butler" sighted the Caribou Island Light, the shuddering of the ship changed. The continuous pounding of the waves on the side of the ship became interspersed with a violent shaking. Down in the engine room, the Chief Engineer knew that the vibration was from the props rising out of the water as a trough between waves running up to 10 and 2 feet. First the propeller would rise out of the water, and then the spinning blades would crash back into the water. This kind of pounding could open every seam in the vessel. It became his job to stop the blades every time they rose out of the water and get them going again once they were below the surface. If the ship were to lose headway, it would be at the mercy of the storm, but if the vibrations weren’t stopped, the ship would come apart on its own. The next obstacle was Keweenaw Point jutting out into the open lake. The steward reported that the windows were out in the mess and there was 2 feet of water rushing back and forth.
All day Tuesday the 28th, the "Butler" fought the boiling seas. At one point, with land not seen and fear of approaching a point of land, the "Butler" turned to run with the storm, hoping to clear any unseen shoreline. Late that day, the storm began to abate, and when the captain could once again see across the lake, the light at Outer Island in the Apostles was spotted. Now a new course was set to make for Duluth. The seas were still high, but the wind had let up and the snow had stopped. Some fifty hours out of Lorain, the "Butler" was once again on a steady course for Duluth. As they came abreast of Two Harbor, the "Bransford" was spotted making for Duluth. Further ahead another steamer was spotted. This turned out to be the "Perry G. Walker", which had sailed from Duluth just two days earlier.
Approaching Duluth, more freighters were spotted. The "James Nasmyth" was anchored out from Minnesota Point, sitting low in the water with a load of iron ore and a thick coating of ice. Then the bulk freighter "Mataafa" was spotted, sitting in the shallows of Minnesota Point and split into several parts. It was noon as the "Butler" steamed through the canal into St. Louis Bay, the "R.W. England" lying beached on the backside of Minnesota Point, a victim of 75-mile-per-hour winds the day before.
The Wrecks of November 28.
The weekend looked ominous across the breadth of Lake Superior. But seldom did big storms follow on the tail of another big storm, so the captains finished loading and headed out onto the lake. As darkness settled over the lake on Monday evening, November 27, the weather changed abruptly. At 7:00 p.m., a northeast gale slammed across the lake. Starting with 44 mph winds (70 km/h), they quickly rose to 60 and 70 mph (86–112 km/h). For nearly 12 hours, the winds stayed above 60 miles-per-hour. Before the storm ended on the 28, seventeen ships were stranded, a dozen damaged and 32 men gone.
The Wrecks of November 28
The Big Storm (1913).
In 1913, from the ninth of November through the twelfth, all five lakes were turned into cauldrons of rolling water by a unique combination of weather patterns. Before the four days ended, 13 ships went under and many more were driven ashore. Two hundred forty-four men lost their lives. The largest loss of ships was on Lake Huron (see Shipwrecks of Lake Huron)
Black Friday (1916).
Friday, October 20, 1916 on Lake Erie. These were the years before there was ship to shore radio. Once out on the lakes, each ship had only itself to depend upon and the chance of meeting another ship. While only four ships were lost, nearly all the men of these crews were lost to the tempest of the storm-tossed lake. In all, Black Friday took the lives of 49 men.
The "Jame B. Colgate" had just finished loading coal and set sail from Buffalo, New York bound for Fort William, Ontario (now Thunder Bay). It was 1:10 in the morning as the "Colgate" dropped its hawsers and headed out into the open lake. Dawn found the "Colgate" off Long Point. All day they moved steadily westward, keeping the bow into the wind, waves crashing over the decks and beating on the hatch coverings. Slowing, water began to enter the cargo holds. The pumps could not keep up with the influx of water and she began to list at about eight o'clock that evening. No other ships had been seen and none could be found. The bow was riding low in the water. As the ten o'clock hour came around, the "Colgate" slid beneath the waves. The men all had life jackets, but nothing was floating which would help them get out of the cold water. One life raft was found and a coal passer, the engineer and the captain took refuge. In the middle of the night, the raft was flipped and the coal passer did not return. As the 21st dawned, the raft again spilled its occupants and the engineer returned but was too weak to hold on and he was lost. Night came on and Captain Walter J. Grashaw still hung on to the raft. A passenger steamer passed nearby, but he was unnoticed in the dark. As daylight dawned on the 22nd, Sunday, the Marquette & Bessemer No. 2 came to his rescue.
"Marshall F. Butters", a wooden lumber carrier down bound to Cleveland with a cargo of shingles and lumber, entered Lake Erie from the Detroit River. The wind rose and the waves grew in height. The "Butters" turned into Lake Erie heading towards the Southeast Shoals Light, off the tip of Point Pelee. The wooden ship could not take the pounding of the waves. Settling into the lake, soon the boilers were extinguished and the "Butters" was at the mercy of the storm. Ten men set sail in the lifeboat, leaving only the captain and two men on board the sinking vessel. The Pioneer Steamship Company’s "Frank R. Billings" and the "F.G. Hartwell" were nearby. The "Billings" approached to give aid. Pouring storm oil on the water, they were able to calm the seas enough to rescue Captain McClure and his two men. Meanwhile, the "Hartwell" rescued the men in the lifeboat.
A third ship the "D.L. Filer", a wooden schooner of 45 years, was headed from Buffalo to Saugatuck, Michigan with a load of coal. For two days, the "Filer" beat into the wind headed for the Detroit River at the western end of Lake Erie. Just off Bar Point, within sight of the mouth of the Detroit River, the pumps could no longer move the volume of water rushing into the holds, and the seams began to open. In eighteen feet of water, she settled to the bottom. Six men climbed the foremast, while the captain climbed the after mast. It looked like all seven of the crew could cling to the mast and weather the night. But the weight of six men snapped the fore mast and five disappeared. Only one man made it to the after mast and climbed to safety. As dawn broke the horizon, the "Western States" came into sight and turned towards the two men clinging to the mast protruding from the shallows. As the steamer approached, one man slipped from the mast and was never seen again. Only the Captain John Mattison was rescued.
Meanwhile, the Canadian steamer "Merida" disappeared that night. All 23 of her crew were found the next day floating in mid-lake, only identified by their life vests bearing the name "Merida".
Armistice Day blizzard (1940).
The Armistice Day Blizzard was a winter storm that occurred on November 11–12, 1940 which brought heavy snow and winds up to 80 mph. The lake freighter, SS "William B. Davock", sank with all 33 hands in Lake Michigan south of Pentwater, Michigan. The SS Anna C. Minch, foundered, broke in two and sunk nearby with the loss of all 24 crew. A third ship wrecked on a reef in the same area, the "Novadoc". Two crew were lost and the rest were rescued two days later by the tug "Three Brothers" Two smaller boats also sank bringing the total death toll on the Lakes to 66.
Duluth Storm (1967).
A horrific storm in Duluth took the lives of three teenage boys and Coast Guardsman Edgar Culbertson, who had been part of a rescue team searching for the missing boys on the Duluth Entry pier on Lake Superior. Meteorologists and Minnesota residents often refer to this day as Black Sunday describing the fierce 1967 Southern Minnesota tornado outbreak, with reports of heavy rain as far north as Duluth that day. The waves on Lake Superior in Duluth that night were reportedly over 20 feet high at times; the lake had 36 degree water with gale force winds gusting up to 45 MPH.
Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald (1975).
Once again it was a November storm that took the lives of men and their ship. It was November 9, 1975 that the "Fitzgerald" was downbound to Detroit with a load of taconite. The "Arthur M. Anderson" joined her on Lake Superior and was downbound for Gary, Indiana. As they were crossing Lake Superior the winter storm blew in. Winds were reported in excess of 50 knots (58 mph/93 km/h) with waves running up to 35 feet (10 m). The next day, Monday, November 10, eastern Lake Superior was still experiencing winds of 50 knots. That afternoon the "Anderson" reported being hit by a 75-knot gust. By 3:30 pm the "Fitzgerald" reported a minor list and top-side damage, including the loss of radar. The "Fitzgerald" was leading, but slowed to close the distance between ships so that it could be guided by the "Anderson", who still had radar. Just after seven that night, the last radio contact from the "Fitzgerald" said that they were still managing. By 7:20 p.m. there was no more contact and the "Anderson" no longer saw the "Fitzgerald" on radar.
Fitzgerald sank in Canadian waters 530 feet (160 m) deep, approximately 17 miles (15 nautical miles; 27 kilometers) from the entrance to Whitefish Bay near the twin cities of Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, and Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario. Although Fitzgerald had reported being in difficulty earlier, no distress signals were sent before she sank. Her crew of 29 all perished, and no bodies were recovered.
Many theories, books, studies and expeditions have examined the cause of the sinking. Fitzgerald may have fallen victim to the high waves of the storm, suffered structural failure, been swamped with water entering through her cargo hatches or deck, experienced topside damage, or shoaled in a shallow part of Lake Superior. The sinking of the Edmund Fitzgerald is one of the best-known disasters in the history of Great Lakes shipping. Gordon Lightfoot made it the subject of his 1976 hit song "The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald".
The Lake Huron Cyclone (1996).
The 1996 Lake Huron cyclone was a unique storm for the Great Lakes.
The "Chiclone" (2010).
On October 26, 2010, the USA recorded its lowest pressure ever in a continental, non-hurricane system, though its pressure was consistent with a category three hurricane. The powerful system was dubbed the "Chiclone" by the media as it hit the Chicago area particularly strongly, as well as Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan. It was also meteorologically referred to as a bombogenesis due to the rapid drop of barometric pressure experienced.
In Superior, Wisconsin, the storm managed a 28.38 inch reading---a new all time low for Wisconsin at the time. Near International Falls on the U.S./Canadian border, the system's 28.23 inch (956 mb) reading established a new all-time Minnesota low pressure. Early Tuesday morning October 26, an F2 tornado rushed through Will County, south of Chicago, at 7:00 AM. Another tornado is said to have struck Racine, Wisconsin, to the north, but has not yet been confirmed. In Roscoe, IL, about 100 miles to the west of Chicago and 15 minutes north of Rockford, a woman was killed after being crushed under a large tree that fell in her neighborhood of Chickory Ridge.
The storm also produced some of the highest officially recorded waves by weather buoys stationed in Lakes Superior and Michigan. Specifically, on Wednesday, October 27, 2010, buoy no. 45136, operated by Environment Canada, in northern Lake Superior recorded a significant wave height of 26.6 feet (this is average height of 1/3 of the highest waves over an hour), and buoy no. 45002, operated by the National Data Buoy Center (NDBC), recorded a significant wave height of 21.7 feet in northern Lake Michigan. This would appear consistent with the NOAA forecast for northern Lake Michigan calling for 21–26 foot waves that day. The persistence and strength of the storm's westerly winds also piled the waters of Lake Michigan along the Michigan shoreline leading to declines in lake levels on the Illinois and Wisconsin side of the lake. Based on NOAA lake level sensors, an updated analysis of Wednesday, October 27, 2010 water levels on Lake Michigan revealed a two-day decrease of 42 inches at Green Bay, WI and 19 inches at Calumet Harbor, IL---while NOAA sensors at Ludington, MI and Mackinaw City, MI measured lake level rises of 7 and 19 inches respectively.
A 78 mph gust was recorded the afternoon of October 27, 2010 at the Harrison-Dever Crib, three miles offshore of Chicago in Lake Michigan, with gusts reaching 63 mph at Chicago's Latin School and in Racine, Wisconsin, 61 mph at Buffalo Grove, Waukegan, Gary and Monroe, Wisconsin and 58 mph at Hinsdale. The storm further whitened sections of the Upper Midwest with the region's first significant snow Tuesday night and Wednesday. Snowfall reports from Minnesota and North Dakota indicate 9 inches fell at Twig, Minn.; 8.5 inches at Dunn Center, N.D.; 8 inches at Adolph, Minn. and Carrington, N.D.; 7.7 inches at Duluth; 4.1 inches Williston; 4 inches at Minot and 3.4 inches at Bismarck---all in North Dakota.
Superstorm Sandy (2012).
The cold wave that merged with Hurricane Sandy at the end of October, 2012 brought strong winds and high waves across the Great Lakes. Lake Michigan recorded wave heights of 20 to 22 feet and wind gusts of 60 to 70 mph. The southern end of Lake Michigan experienced a lake level rise of 15 inches as the winds pushed water down the lake. Lake Huron experienced 23-foot waves and a wind gust of 74 mph was recorded at Port Gratiot at the southern end of the lake. Most freighters stayed in harbor instead of trying to run through the storm.

</doc>
<doc id="19069171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069171" title="Alternative title">
Alternative title

An alternative title is a film distribution device. Films are commonly released under a different title when they are screened or sold in a different country. This can vary from small alteration to the title, such as the addition of "The", to wholesale changes. Film titles are also often changed when they are released on DVD or VHS.
Reasons.
The reasons for this are varied, but usually point towards marketable, linguistic or cultural differences. Some titles may not be easily understood in other parts of the world, and may even be considered offensive. Most title changes are commercial. An example is Italian Director's Sergio Leone's 1971 film initially released as "Duck, You Sucker!", as he was convinced this was a well-known English saying. When the film sold poorly, it was subsequently rebranded as "A Fistful of Dynamite", similar in name to his 1964 film "A Fistful of Dollars", part of the successful Dollars Trilogy.

</doc>
<doc id="19069180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069180" title="Breakaway (1955 film)">
Breakaway (1955 film)

Breakaway is a 1955 British thriller film directed by Henry Cass from a script by Norman Hudis. It stars Tom Conway, Michael Balfour, Honor Blackman and Arthur Lowe. A Private eye is hot on the tail of a stolen secret formula and a kidnapped young woman.

</doc>
<doc id="19069183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069183" title="Andriy Koval">
Andriy Koval

Andriy Koval (; born 6 December 1983 in Bila Tserkva) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for Arsenal in the Ukrainian First League. Played for Metalist in 2006-2008 season. Earlier played for FC Kharkiv.
Koval was born on 6 December 1983 in the city of Bila Tserkva, in the Ukrainian republic of the Soviet Union (in the Kiev Oblast of present-day Ukraine).

</doc>
<doc id="19069213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069213" title="Blue Divide">
Blue Divide

Blue Divide is the second album by singer-songwriter Richard Shindell. It was released in 1995 by Shanachie Records. Shanachie also released a live promo CD, Scenes from a Blue Divide (Live) and More which included five live tracks recorded at the Treestar Coffeehouse in Mount Kisco, New York.
Track listing.
All songs by Richard Shindell except where noted
Personnel.
Musicians:
Production

</doc>
<doc id="19069245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069245" title="50 Squadron">
50 Squadron

50 Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19069268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069268" title="T-skirt">
T-skirt

The t-skirt or (Tee-Skirt) is a skirt made of re-purposed or "recycled" t-shirts. They are generally knee or above the knee in length and normally highly patterned with varied designs. The skirt is generally an "A-Line" design which is tight around the hips and widens out in an "A" shape right down the length of the skirt. There are also versions that are tighter in shape which are very similar to the pencil skirt.

</doc>
<doc id="19069276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069276" title="Goldie Gets Along">
Goldie Gets Along

Goldie Gets Along (also known as "Beautifully Trimmed") is a 1933 film directed by Malcolm St. Clair, and starring by Lili Damita and Charles Morton. The screenplay was wtitten by William A. Drake, based on novel by Hawthorne Hurst.

</doc>
<doc id="19069277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069277" title="Pakkred Secondary School">
Pakkred Secondary School

Pakkred Secondary School () (use: P.K., ป.ก.) is a secondary school located in Amphoe Pak Kret in Nonthaburi Province in Thailand. It was found in 9 December 1904 by Chaokhun Udomyanmuni from Wat Sao Thongthong.
The school flag color is Black-Red. This school is 104 years old in 9 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19069300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069300" title="Floodtide">
Floodtide

Floodtide is a 1949 British romantic drama film directed by Frederick Wilson and starring Gordon Jackson, Rona Anderson, John Laurie and Jimmy Logan.
Plot.
A young Scotsman becomes a ship designer instead of following the family tradition and entering farming. He works his way up the firm, marries the boss's daughter, and revolutionises shipbuilding.

</doc>
<doc id="19069314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069314" title="Maurice Sand">
Maurice Sand

Jean-François-Maurice-Arnauld, Baron Dudevant, better known as Maurice Sand (June 30, 1823 in Paris – September 4, 1889 in Nohant-Vic), was a French illustrator and writer. Maurice Sand also experimented in various other subjects, including painting, geology, and biology. He was the son of Baron Casimir Dudevant and his wife, French novelist and feminist George Sand.
Maurice Sand studied under Eugène Delacroix. In addition to his numerous novels, Sand is best remembered for his monumental study of commedia dell'arte : "Masques et bouffons (comédie italienne) " (1860).

</doc>
<doc id="19069319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069319" title="Pittsburgh Tax Review">
Pittsburgh Tax Review

The Pittsburgh Tax Review is a journal of legal scholarship published by an independent student group at University of Pittsburgh School of Law. The publication focusing on tax law and legislation. The Review is published semi-annually, with recent issues (article summaries only) available online.

</doc>
<doc id="19069326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069326" title="Ananda Bhairavi (Telugu film)">
Ananda Bhairavi (Telugu film)

Ananda Bhairavi () is a 1983 bilingual film, simultaneously shot in Telugu and Kannada languages, directed by Jandhyala. It starred Girish Karnad, Malavika Sarkar, Rajesh Kumar and "Natyacharya" Bhagavathula Venkata Rama Sarma as Male classical dancer in this film.
Plot.
This is a movie which gives you an idea about the origin of Kuchipudi dance. It is about the people who considered a girl performing "Kuchipudi" dance an embarrassment and about a man who is fighting tooth and nail to pass on the heritage of "Kuchipudi". He finally manages to find a girl who he trains in "Kuchipudi". As, girls learning Kuchipudi was not accepted in that era he gets outcast from his caste, place and also the religious places.

</doc>
<doc id="19069398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069398" title="Battle of Vaal Krantz">
Battle of Vaal Krantz

The Battle of Vaal Krantz (5 February to 7 February 1900) was the third failed attempt by General Redvers Buller's British army to fight its way past Louis Botha's army of Boer irregulars and lift the Siege of Ladysmith. The battle occurred during the Second Boer War.
Background.
In the first and second attempts at relieving Ladysmith, Buller's army was defeated by Botha and his Boer army at the battles of Colenso and Spion Kop. British casualties soared to 3,000 men, while the Boers lost only a few hundred.
Battle.
Vaal Krantz was a ridge of "kopjes" (small hills) a few miles east of Spion Kop. Buller tried to force a bridgehead across the Tugela River with the Rifle Brigade and Durham Light Infantry prominent amongst his troops. After three days of skirmishing, the British general found that his position was so cramped that there was no room to drag his superior artillery up to support the British infantry attacks. Buller called a council of war and, "All his generals agreed that there was nothing for it except to try a new attempt elsewhere." Pakenham wrote that the British suffered 333 casualties., but Symonds put the British casualties at 30 dead and 350 wounded with Boers casualties were 30 dead and 50 wounded. Vaal Krantz was a minor defeat. On 14 February, Buller launched his fourth attempt at the Relief of Ladysmith and finally succeeded.

</doc>
<doc id="19069410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069410" title="Pittsburgh Journal of Technology Law &amp; Policy">
Pittsburgh Journal of Technology Law &amp; Policy

The Pittsburgh Journal of Technology Law & Policy (Bluebook abbreviation: PGH. J. Tech. L. & Pol'y) is a biannual law review covering legal topics involving intellectual property and technology of all kinds. The journal is published by an independent student group at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law, with recent issues available online. The journal's ISSN is pending following a move to ULS E-Journal Publishing in conjunction with the University of Pittsburgh Press.

</doc>
<doc id="19069411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069411" title="Trouping with Ellen">
Trouping with Ellen

Trouping with Ellen is a 1924 silent era American film starring Basil Rathbone, Gaston Glass, Helen Chadwick and Mary Thurman.

</doc>
<doc id="19069413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069413" title="Charles Rochon">
Charles Rochon

Charles Rochon (1673–1733) was a French colonist and was one of the four founders of modern-day Mobile, Alabama.
Life and career.
Rochon was born in 1673 in Quebec. He became a fur trapper and was associated with Henri de Tonti, accompanying him on many of his expeditions. In 1701 he came to colonial Louisiana, and he was a colonist at the settlement of Fort Louis De Mobile located at modern-day Axis, Alabama, an area of habitation that preceded the modern-day city of Mobile. 
In 1706, along with Pierre LeBouef, Gilbert Dardenne and Claude Parent, Rochon left the settlement at Axis, moving down to a site at the mouth of the Mobile River, site of present-day Mobile. The success that the four had at this site was a contributing factor of the relocation of Mobile from the site at Axis to its present site in 1711. 
After the city was moved to the Mobile River site, Charles Rochon again moved, this time to a site at the mouth of the Dog River, where he established a plantation that remained in the hands of his descendants until 1848. The plantation encompassed the majority of what is today known as Hollinger's Island. Rochon remained at this plantation until his death in 1733
Family.
Charles Rochon was married to Henriette Colon, the half-Indian (Kaskaskia) daughter of Old Mobile settler Jean Baptiste (dit "LaViolette") Colon, as well as being the goddaughter of Henri de Tonti. They had several children, but only two survived past 1733. Their son, Louis Augustus, established a plantation on the eastern shore of Mobile Bay that became modern-day Spanish Fort. 
Rochon has had a number of notable descendants in the Gulf Coast region including, but not limited to:

</doc>
<doc id="19069427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069427" title="Reunion Hill">
Reunion Hill

Reunion Hill is a 1997 album by singer-songwriter Richard Shindell. It was Shindell's third and final studio album for Shanachie Records. "Allmusic" calls the album "songcraft at its finest." The album includes a cover of "I'll Be Here in the Morning" by Townes Van Zandt who died earlier that same year.
The title song was covered, later in 1997, by Joan Baez, who included it on her "Gone From Danger" album, It was also covered by Fairport Convention on their 2011 CD Festival Bell and Show of Hands on their 2012 album Wake the Union.
Track listing.
All songs by Richard Shindell except where noted
Personnel.
Musicians:
Production

</doc>
<doc id="19069435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069435" title="Anglican Diocese of Eastern Kowloon">
Anglican Diocese of Eastern Kowloon

The Diocese of Eastern Kowloon () is one of the three dioceses under the Province of Hong Kong Sheng Kung Hui (abbr. HKSKH) (Anglican Church in Hong Kong).
The Birth of the Diocese of Eastern Kowloon, HKSKH.
The Diocese of Eastern Kowloon is established on 20 September 1998, she is one of three dioceses (the other two: the Diocese of Hong Kong Island, and the Diocese of Western Kowloon) of the Province of Hong Kong constituted in conformity with the traditions and provisions of the Anglican Communion. The three dioceses would function under a common constitution and legislative body, the General Synod. Under the guidance of the Right Reverend Louis Tsui, the first bishop, she works in close cooperation with the sister dioceses in the mission to spread the gospel of salvation.
As a member of the Province, they confess the faith uniquely revealed in the Holy Scriptures and set forth in the catholic creeds, which faith they are called upon to proclaim afresh in each generation. Led by the Holy Spirit, the diocese must bear witnesses to Christian truth in its historic formularies, the Book of Common Prayer and the ordering of bishops, priests and deacons.
Sharing the same mission and goals with the sister dioceses, they answer the call to spread the good news into the new millennium, through pastoral nurture and evangelism. They can only do so by bearing their full Christian responsibility through mutual assistance and spiritual growth.
The diocese is situated in rapidly changing environment. New land will be made available for housing development and business with the new landfill area from Hung Hom to Kowloon Bay. Wait the height restrictions removed after the transfer of the Kai Tak Airport to Chek Lap Kok, creation of new infrastructual network, increase population and economic development, they will bear even greater responsibilities in education, welfare, pastoral and spiritual care for the people of our diocese. Christ has taught them the soul is inseparable from the care the physical and social being.
It also situated in an area rich in historical and cultural heritage serving to remind people of their values and traditions: the Sung Memorial commemorating the landing of the remnant of the Sung dynasty as refugees in East Kowloon; the Kowloon Walled City Park marking the transformation of a seedy, crime-infested semi-autonomous walled city into remind people the historic ideal of the rule of law and order, and quest for freedom and democracy. Finally four landforms serve to symbolize for people four important qualities: the nine hills of Kowloon representing the nine dragons, youthful, optimistic and filled with the vitality of life; the Kowloon Peak (Fei Ngo Liang) enduring and vigorous; the Lion Rock steadfast and brave; and the Amah Rock a symbol of our family values, support and unity.
The Mission Statement of the Diocese.
The Diocese of Eastern Kowloon of the Hong Kong Sheng Kung Hui is an Anglican community of Faith, belonging to the one, holy apostolic Church. We are determined to lead a life which is an imitation of Christ’s perfect model. In obedience to His teachings, we would seek to realize the divine mission bestowed on us: spreading the gospel, caring for the faithful, building a community of loving kindness and concern, responding to the needs of the local community with flexibility and submitting ourselves totally for the realization of the Kingdom of God, in order that the triune God in whom we believe may be properly glorified.
The Organization of the Diocese.
The Diocese comprises 9 parishes and 10 mission churches which including:
Parishes and Mission Churches (Cantonese Speaking Service, otherwise spec.)
and two daughter churches established by the St. Andrew's Church
Committee of the Diocese
The Diocese had set up some committees to help for different works, members of these committees are elected in the Diocesan General Synod.
Committees are included:
Note: Subcommittees under the Standing Committee are: Five-Year Plan Steering Committee, Five-Year Plan Implementation Committee and the Diocesan Women League.
Works of the committees would be reported to the Diocesan Bishop and the Diocesan General Synod through varies means.
Besides, Anglican schools including secondary schools, primary schools and kindergartens situated in the diocese over 50 and social welfare organizations over 30.
References.
Source:
The special issue of ""Hong Kong Sheng Kung Hui The Inauguration of the Diocese of Eastern Kowloon and The Installation of the First Diocesan Bishop"", ed. the Diocese of Eastern Kowloon, 20 September 1998, Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="19069444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069444" title="The Lady of Scandal">
The Lady of Scandal

The Lady of Scandal is a 1930 American film directed by Sidney Franklin based on a play by Frederick Lonsdale and starring Ruth Chatterton, Basil Rathbone and Ralph Forbes. A British actress becomes involved with a member of an aristocratic family, who try desperately to thwart the match.

</doc>
<doc id="19069464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069464" title="List of operas by Cherubini">
List of operas by Cherubini

This is a complete list of the operas of the Italian-born composer Luigi Cherubini (1760–1842) who spent much of his working life in France.
In terms of genre, Cherubini's output included 11 opere serie and 10 opéras comiques, as well as three intermezzi, three tragédies lyriques, two opere buffe, and one each of the following: comédie héroïque, comédie lyrique, comédie mêlée d'ariettes, drame lyrique, dramma lirico, opéra bouffon, and opéra-ballet. 
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="19069557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069557" title="The Leaving Trains">
The Leaving Trains

The Leaving Trains were an American indie rock band from Los Angeles, California. The Leaving Trains were founded in 1980 by Falling James Moreland, a frontman who became known for his chaotic performances and penchant for cross-dressing. Falling James had previously been a member of punk rock bands The Mongrels and The Downers before assembling the group with guitarist Manfred Hofer, bassist Tom Hofer, keyboardist Sylvia Juncosa and drummer Hillary Laddin. They played locally for three years before releasing their first album, "Well Down Blue Highway", in 1984.
Following their "Kill Tunes" LP (1985) for SST Records, Mike Barnett and Eric Stringer replaced the Hofer brothers in the group's lineup. 
Next came "Fuck" (SST, 1987)
,"Transportational D. Vices" (SST, 1988), and the "Loser Illusion EP." 
Sometime during the 1980s Falling James was married to Courtney Love for a short while. 
In 1991 Moreland briefly disbanded The Leaving Trains to form The Power of Sky. Along with Power of Sky's bassist, Whitey Sims, Moreland reassembled a new Leaving Trains with Bobby Belltower (who had briefly played in the previous incarnation of the band) and Lenny Montoya. This lineup produced the album "The Lump in My Forehead" (recorded 1992, released 1993), but later in 1992 Chaz Ramirez (also known as a producer of such bands as Social Distortion and Stryper) and Dennis Carlin took over on bass and drums, respectively. Ramirez died on December 2, 1992 (of injuries sustained when an attic floor collapsed underneath him - some of his recordings with the Trains were posthumously released in 1994 on the album "The Big Jinx"), and Moreland was subsequently kicked out of the group, after which he formed a new band under the same name with Melanie Vammen on keyboards, Jimmy Green on Bass, and Allen Clark on drums. This lineup yielded "Smoke Follows Beauty" in 1997. The Leaving Train's last studio album, "Emotional Legs," features a variety of musicians: Melanie Vammen (now on guitar), Dennis Carlin, Maddog Karla, Miss Koko Puff, Andrew Buscher, Allen Clark, and Jimi Green. Emotional Legs was released on Steel Cage Records Steel Cage Records in 2001. The Leaving Trains, that same year, would also do their final live performance at The Knitting Factory in Hollywood as a backup band for Australian punk pioneer Rob Younger, performing songs Younger had done with Radio Birdman and The New Christs. In 2005, Steel Cage Records released a live Leaving Trains album called "Amplified Pillows."
Mark Lanegan of the Screaming Trees has cited their first album, "Well Down Blue Highway" as a major inspiration.
Moreland is currently a music writer for the L.A. Weekly and no longer performs music. Rumors that Moreland would start a new Leaving Trains with the Hofer brothers have circulated, but as of 2011 no plans for a new Leaving Trains have come to fruition.

</doc>
<doc id="19069569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069569" title="Happy Now">
Happy Now

Happy Now may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19069596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069596" title="Pierce County Community Newspaper Group">
Pierce County Community Newspaper Group

The Pierce County Community Newspaper Group (PCCNG) consists of four newspapers in and around Tacoma, Washington. The papers include the Tacoma Weekly (formerly the Tacoma Monthly), the Fife Free Press, the Milton-Edgewood Signal and the Puyallup Tribal News.
The Tacoma Monthly began in 1987 and became a weekly paper in 1994. It is distributed around the city of Tacoma every Thursday.
The Fife Free Press began in August 2003 and is published every other Thursday. It is distributed in various public locations in Fife and is mailed to every business and residential address within the city limits.
The Milton-Edgewood Signal began in January 2004 and is published every other Thursday. It is distributed free of charge to public locations in the two cities it serves.
The Puyallup Tribal News is the official newspaper for the Puyallup Tribe of Indians. It is mailed to all Puyallup Tribal members every other Thursday.
The publisher of the Pierce County Community Newspaper Group is John Weymer.

</doc>
<doc id="19069597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069597" title="Paris Calling">
Paris Calling

Paris Calling is a 1942 American war film directed by Edwin L. Marin and starring Basil Rathbone, Randolph Scott, Elisabeth Bergner.
Synopsis.
Marianne Jannetier, a well-to-do Parisian, engaged to Andre Benoit, a high-ranking government official, flees the city when the goose-stepping Nazi storm-troopers arrive.

</doc>
<doc id="19069601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069601" title="Campbell Island (British Columbia)">
Campbell Island (British Columbia)

Campbell Island is an island in the Canadian province of British Columbia, located west of Denny Island and north of Hunter Island, near Milbanke Sound. The Inside Passage waterways of Lama Pass and Seaforth Channel meet at the northern end of Campbell Island.
The communities of Bella Bella and Campbell Island, just north of Bella Bella, are located on Campbell Island. The same location is believed to have been that of Fort McLoughlin, an early Hudson's Bay Company post in the days of the Maritime Fur Trade, with the name McLoughlin Bay since conferred on the bay and a lake and a creek just south of where the settlement of Bella Bella is today (Old Bella Bella was on nearby Denny Island).
Campbell Island was probably named by Captain Pender during his 1866-69 surveys of the area, likely for a Dr. Campbell for whom also Campbell Point, on Loughborough Inlet, and Campbell River may also have been named. Dr. Samuel Campbell was ship's surgeon aboard the HMS "Plumper" from 1857 to 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="19069616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069616" title="Pittsburgh Journal of Environmental and Public Health Law">
Pittsburgh Journal of Environmental and Public Health Law

The Pittsburgh Journal of Environmental and Public Health Law is a journal of legal scholarship published by an independent student group at University of Pittsburgh School of Law, focusing on environmental law and public health. The journal was founded in 2006 and is published annually, with past available online. 

</doc>
<doc id="19069653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069653" title="International Folklore Children's Festival &quot;Oro Bez Granici&quot;">
International Folklore Children's Festival &quot;Oro Bez Granici&quot;

The International Folklore Children’s Festival "Oro Bez Granici" (, "Internacionalen folkloren detski festival "Oro Bez Granici"") is a festival taking place every year between 29 September and 2 October in the Universal Hall in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia. In this festival, children’s folklore ensembles from Macedonia and abroad participate.

</doc>
<doc id="19069663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069663" title="Richard Heinze">
Richard Heinze

Richard Heinze (August 11, 1867, Naumburg, Province of Saxony – August 22, 1929, Bad Wiessee) was a German classical philologist. He was a younger brother to politician Rudolf Heinze (1865–1928}.
He studied classical philology at the University of Leipzig under Otto Ribbeck (1827–1898), later relocating to the University of Bonn (1887), where he had as instructors, Hermann Usener (1834–1905) and Franz Bücheler (1837–1908). Afterwards he studied in Berlin with Theodor Mommsen (1817–1903), earning his habilitation in 1893 at the University of Strasbourg with a treatise on the philosopher Xenocrates. 
In 1900 he became an associate professor in Berlin, and in 1903 became a full professor at the University of Königsberg. From 1906 until his death in 1929 he was a professor at the University of Leipzig. In 1923 he succeeded Georg Wissowa (1859–1931) as editor of the magazine 'Hermes".
Richard Heinze is remembered for his expert analysis of ancient authors that included Ovid, Lucretius and Virgil. His best written effort was the 1903 "Virgils Epische Technik", a work that was later translated into English as "Virgil's Epic Technique".

</doc>
<doc id="19069678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069678" title="Shalom Freedman">
Shalom Freedman

Shalom (Seymour) Freedman (born June 17, 1942) is an American-Israeli writer, thinker and poet.
As a Jewish writer his best-known work consists of conversations with thinkers and spiritual leaders centering on the concept of "Avodat Hashem" or service of God. As a public intellectual his work has touched on a wide variety of issues regarding the human condition and future, while focusing most urgently on Israel’s struggle for survival and wellbeing.
Early Years and Education.
Born in Troy, New York, to Reuben (Kelly) Freedman and Edith (Zeibert) Freedman, he graduated from Harpur College (now Binghamton University) in 1964. He received his M.A. (thesis: “"The Influence of the Religious Thought of Henry James Sr. on the Philosophy of William James"”) and Ph.D. (thesis: “"The American-Jewish Novel"”) in English Literature and American Studies from Cornell University, under the guidance of Professor Cushing Strout.
Aliyah to Israel.
Troubled by the threat to the survival of Israel in the October 1973 Yom Kippur War, in early 1974 he made "aliyah" (immigrated) to Israel. This "aliyah" to Israel also became a process of "teshuva" or return to traditional Jewish religious practice. In this he was inspired by Rabbis Eliyahu Barness and Chaim Pearl, and in a later phase by the teacher of Hasidism, David Herzberg.
Books.
In addition to countless articles and Web postings, Freedman has published nine books. Four of these have been selected as Jewish Book Club selections of the month.
His books include a work of Jewish aphoristic thought, “"Life as Creation: A Jewish Way of Thinking of the World",” the autobiographical “"Seven Years in Israel: A Zionist Storybook",” a book of poetry, “"Mourning for My Father",” and a philosophical journal, “"Small Acts of Kindness: Striving for Derech Eretz in Everyday Life in Israel".” His three works of conversations with Jewish religious and spiritual teachers focus on how they perceive their own Service of God. One of these works centers on and is largely the work of Rabbi Irving Greenberg. Among the distinguished rabbis and Torah teachers included in these conversations are Rabbis Shlomo Riskin, Berel Wein, Shubert Spero, Adin Steinsaltz, David Hartman, Nachum Rabinowitz, Aharon Rakeffet, Chaim Eisen, Mendel Lewittes, Natan Lopes Cardozo, Dr. Miriam Adahan, and more than thirty others. He has written a biography of former Israel Chief Rabbi Shlomo Goren. His most recent published work is a memoir in the form of short short stories, "Childhood Stories: 145 First Street Troy New York."
Book Reviewing/Internet Writing.
His book reviews have appeared in "The Jerusalem Post, Midstream, The Journal of Jewish Political Studies, The Jewish Press, H-Net," and JBooks.
He has over five thousand reviews on Amazon where he is a 'Hall of Fame' reviewer.
His book reviews focus on Israel, Jewish Thought, Poetry, Middle East Affairs, English and American Literature, the Human Situation.
His television reviews attempt to provide a brief description and critical commentary on many of the segments of America’s most wide-ranging cultural program, “"The Charlie Rose Show".”
Jewish Political Affairs and Israel Advocacy Writing.
The concern with the survival and wellbeing of Israel is at the heart of his public writing.
Among those who have contributed to his thought on Israel’s situation and struggle are P. David Hornik, Dr. Joel Fishman, Moshe Bobrovsky z”l, Dr. Manfred Gerstenfeld, Dr. Yaakov Fogelman, Yossi Klein-Halevi, Barry Rubin, Hillel Halkin, Vic Rosenthal, Isi Leibler, Alan Dershowitz, and Natan Sharansky.
He has been a regular political columnist for the "Arutz Sheva" website. He has also contributed political articles to "H-Net, Intervention.com, Nativ, Jerusalem Post, Israel Insider, Jewish Political Studies Review, Jewish Press, JBooks, Milnet".
His Israel advocacy letters and posts have appeared in more than one hundred national and international publications including "Commentary", "The New York Times", "IHT", "The New Republic", "The Times of London", "The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists", "The China Times".
Poetry.
A member of the "Israel Association for Writers in English", he has been an editor of its journal, "Arc", and a regular contributor to Israel’s best-known English poetry journal (founded by the late Reuben Rose, and long edited by Mark Levinson) “"Voices Israel".” In a survey article on Israeli poetry, Professor Howard Schwartz cited him as among the significant writers of English-language poetry in Israel. A selection of his poems from "Mourning for my Father" is included in Alan Kay’s "Jewish Book of Comfort".
The most comprehensive, easily accessible sampling of his poetry appears on the "PoemHunter.com" website [http://poemhunter.com/shalom-freedman/]. An E-book of 1500 poems is also available from this site.
Thought.
Freedman’s thought centers on the ongoing struggle of the Jewish people to live a life of "Derech Eretz" and moral example in the Land of Israel, and to contribute to the wellbeing of mankind as a whole. Central to this vision is the idea of “Creation in Service of God.” Drawing on a fundamental insight of Rabbi Joseph Dov Baer Soloveitchik he sees the Jewish people and mankind as having their essence in being creators who help complete the divine creation. This idea has a further elaboration in a subsequent work of thought “"In the Service of God".” There he contends that it is primarily through our actions and decisions in everyday life that the mass of mankind is involved in the divine creation.
Another major dimension of his thought focuses on his meditations on the human condition and future. These are at the heart of his most comprehensive philosophical work, the still-in-process “"Thoughts".”
Freedman has also written in other genres, including “thought-stories,” philosophical and religious meditations, essays, novellas, and a variety of autobiographical forms.
Family.
He is married to Rifkah Goldberg, Jerusalem painter and poet. He is the father of two, the grandfather of two and the step-grandfather of eight.
Bibliography.
Books by Shalom Freedman

</doc>
<doc id="19069683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069683" title="Canada women's national softball team">
Canada women's national softball team

Canada's Senior Women's National Softball Team is one of the top ranked softball team in the world. The team competes in ISF World Championship, World Cup and Pan-Am Games events and competed in the 2008 Summer Olympic Games and preceding Summer Olympic Games since the sport was first introduced at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.A..

</doc>
<doc id="19069691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069691" title="Sad Clown Bad Dub 3">
Sad Clown Bad Dub 3

""Sad Clown Bad Dub 3"" is a 12-track band promoted album sold exclusively at Atmosphere concerts. The songs were recorded live at the First Avenue Night Club in Minneapolis, Minnesota on December 26, 2001. Emcee Slug is backed throughout by Heiruspecs, a live hip hop band based out of Saint Paul, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="19069703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069703" title="Minneapolis YMCA Central Building">
Minneapolis YMCA Central Building

The Minneapolis YMCA Central Building is a 12-story YMCA building in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is built in the Gothic Revival style, making it stand out from other buildings. The Gothic styling was chosen to emphasize the vertical mass of the structure and to make it appear as a powerful corporate symbol. The styling also brought a symbolic association with church architecture, making it fit into the YMCA's value system.
The building was converted into a 121-unit apartment complex in 1994. It is located adjacent to LaSalle Plaza, a 30-story office building that includes the current, modern Minneapolis YMCA location.

</doc>
<doc id="19069731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069731" title="Istvan Banyai">
Istvan Banyai

Istvan Banyai (born in Budapest, Hungary, February 27, 1949) received his BFA from Moholy-Nagy University of Art and Design, Budapest and gained prominence as a commercial illustrator and animator in the mid-1980s when he emigrated to the United States.
In 1995 Banyai produced his first wordless children's book, "Zoom". Honored as one of the best children's books of the year by the "New York Times" and "Publishers Weekly", "Zoom" was soon published in 18 languages. He went on to author four more books and illustrate many more in collaboration with other writers and poets. "It's refreshing to encounter a group of virtually wordless books that invite children to consider their world from a point of view they may not have otherwise considered. The most stunning is "Zoom," written—or, rather, imagined and then illustrated—by Istvan Banyai." 
While he continues to produce commercial illustrations for publications such as "The New Yorker", "Playboy", "Rolling Stone", "Time" and "Atlantic Monthly"; cover art for Sony and Verve Records; and animated short films for Nickelodeon and MTV Europe, he is internationally respected for his unique philosophical and iconoclastic vision, thus transcending the status of commercial illustrator to gifted artist. Banyai describes his art as "an organic combination of turn-of-the-century Viennese retro, interjected with American pop, some European absurdity added for flavor, served on a cartoon-style color palette... no social realism added."
Having moved from Budapest to live in Paris, Los Angeles, and Manhattan, Banyai now lives with his wife in rural Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="19069733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069733" title="Barabasti">
Barabasti

Barabasti or Barah Basti is a group of 12 villages lying in Bulandshahr district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. The 12 villages are located adjacent to each other within an area of some seven square miles, and noted for a high population of Pathans, in addition to other Muslims and Hindus.
Villages.
The name "Barabasti" is derived from the term "Barah Basti", which in Hindustani means "twelve settlements". The twelve villages, now under the districts of Bulandshahr, Ghaziabad and Amroha, are:
Basi, Bharkaun, Bugrasi, Chandiyana, Barwala, Amarpur, Daulatpur, Gesupur, Jalalpur, Sherpur, Girora, Bahadurgarh. Hyatpura
,mohammadpur rustampur
History.
Barabasti was established by Isa Khan during the regime of Sher Shah Suri (1472–1545). The river Ganges passes through Basi, one of the 12 villages in Barabasti. In earlier times most of the transportation was done through rivers. When Sher Shah Suri Used to transport his material through boats in Ganges, the smaller dynasties used to rob his boats. Then Sher Shah Suri decided to protect his shipments by deploying his people on the banks of the Ganges. Isa Khan was commander in Army of Sher Shah Suri, and was very close to him. Isa Khan called Pashtun people (Pathans) from his native town, which is located on what is now the Afghanistan-Pakistan border. These people first settled in the Basi village on the banks of Ganges, and were employed to protect the boats of Sher Shah Suri from invaders. Soon they became powerful, and started conquering the adjoining areas by defeating the smaller dynasties.
During the partition of India in 1947, many Pathans of Barabasti migrated to Pakistan. Several activists of the Indian independence movement hailed from Barabasti. Risaldar Azam Khan of BASI was a famous person of earlier times.
Sharafat Hussain Khan, grand father of Ziaul Haq Khan was a great social activist and famous person of Basi. He always stood up in the support of poor people of village. There are many achievements of Sharafat Hussain Khan of the betterment of Basi and Barabasti as well. He is well known for his polite and humankind behaviour. Grand Son of Sharat Hussain Khan, Ziaul HAq Khan completed his education from Jamia Millia Islamia and Aligarh Muslim university. He is also a social activist and well known personality of Barabasti. Ziaul Haq Khan has his property in Basi and in village Barwala as well. He has two sons named as Rahil Mohammad Khan and Mursil Mohammad Khan. Mursi Mohammad Khan khan who has completed his education from Jamia Millia Islamia University, is a software professional and holds a good position in Multi National Company, he runs his business in Delhi as well. He is also kind heart and known for the social activities.
Azizurrahman Khan Saheb "Raees Basi"( Ex Pradhan) has built a beautiful Gate in memory of Risaldar Azam Khan. He has also made enormous efforts to save Pathan's heritage ( an old mosque) in front of his palace and spend lakhs of rupees in its repair.
Hyatpura is one village which have all muslim population.
Transport.
Barabasti is situated around 100 km from Delhi, the national capital of India. Barabasti can be reached by road in three-hour drive from Delhi. Time can be saved by taking the expressway from Delhi to Noida, then the Dankaur station road to Bulandshahr. Then from Bulandshahr to Siyana which is the just 8 km from Barabasti.
Economy.
Barabasti is full of mango orchards, many varieties of mangoes are grown here. The area supplies a large number of mangoes to the country, and had been declared fruit belt by the government of Uttar Pradesh. Hundreds of trucks loaded with mangoes go to various places including Azadpur Mandi (Fruit market), Delhi and some of best mangoes are exported to gulf and european markets.
Demographics.
Barabasti has a cosmopolitan mix of Muslims and Hindus. However, it is noted for its relatively large Pathan population.
Politics.
Some notable politicians from Barabasti include:
After the partition of Indo-Pak in 1947 a sizable number of Pathans from Barabasti migrated to Pakistan. They are mostly settled in Lahore, Karachi and Islamabad. Some of the most prominent among those are:
Late Colonel ( R ) Altaf Ahmad Khan son of Hafiz Sheikh Ahmad Khan of Village Chandyana did his Electrical Engineering from Aligarh University in 1947.He was from 1st P.M.A Graduate Course and was the founding Commandant Of EME College Pakistan Army.
Aslam Rehman Khan; Village Basi, Now settled in Karachi. he was the Ex-MD of Pakistan International Air-lines.
Brig Mussarat Ullah Khan; Village Chandyana, now settled in Lahore. He is retired Secretray of Pakistan Hockey Federation.
Dr Waqar Masood Khan; Village Bhadurgarh, now settled in Islamabad. He is the current Secretary of Finance Government of Pakistan.
Dr. Shahid Saeed Khan; Village Bhadurgarh, now settled in Dubai. He is working on a very senior position with Bin Laden of Saudi Arabia
Mr. Ashraf Kha; village Bhadurgarh, now settled in Karachi. He is the retired GM of BCCI Bank.mr.

</doc>
<doc id="19069786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069786" title="Somewhere Near Paterson">
Somewhere Near Paterson

Somewhere Near Paterson is a 2000 album by singer-songwriter Richard Shindell. It was Shindell's first album for Signature Sounds. It was also Shindell's first album following the album and tour performed with the collaboration, Cry Cry Cry. His band mates Lucy Kaplansky and Dar Williams join with him here on Buddy and Julie Miller's "My Love Will Follow You".
Track listing.
All songs by Richard Shindell except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="19069790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069790" title="Megan Timpf">
Megan Timpf

Megan Timpf was born on January 21, 1984. She currently resides in Hollywood, Florida and has a nephew named Jaxton.
Life and career.
Timpf competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics for the Canadian women's national softball team under the tutelage of coach Lori Sippel; she has been a member of the national team since 2005. When Timpf plays softball, her position is either second base or shortstop. Timpf gives credit to her sister Amber for helping her get interested in softball. Even though Timpf had to recover through two anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) surgeries, she has continued to play softball.
Timpf's parents are Peter and Andrea Timpf. She also attended Simcoe Composite School and graduated in 2008 with a certificate to become an elementary school teacher. She is an English-speaking right-handed Olympic athlete from Port Dover, Ontario, Canada (which is the major fishing hub of Norfolk County). During the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, her team lost a medal-round match to the Australian women's national softball team by a score of 5-3 in favor of Australia. In her first year of college softball while attending the California University of Pennsylvania, Timpf managed to garner a .311 batting average (42 base hits out of 127 attempts) in addition to five home runs, 22 runs batted in, 26 runs scored and 97 assists.
At the 2011 Pan American Games, Timpf helped Canada to win a silver medal for softball. She has competed in many World Cups of Softball and Canada Cups.
Personal life.
Timpf currently plays video games with her Nintendo Wii and her favorite celebrities are Jerome Bettis (athlete), Brad Pitt (actor), and Kate Hudson (actress). She has competed in the 2009 Pan Am Championship for softball and competed for seven days.

</doc>
<doc id="19069817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069817" title="Say Anything discography">
Say Anything discography

The discography of Say Anything, an American rock band from Los Angeles, California. Say Anything is composed of Max Bemis (lead vocals), Coby Linder (drums), Jake Turner (guitar, vocals), Jeff Turner (guitar, vocals), and Parker Case (keyboard, vocals). They have released five studio albums, four EPs, and five singles (along with music videos for each single). In addition, they have appeared on numerous compilation albums and have recorded many tracks that were never officially released.
In addition to this, as with any band with a large fanbase, there exist numerous live recordings of Say Anything, often recorded off of radio programs such as DJ Rossstar and GTFU.
Compilations.
The song "I Got Your Money" was originally slated to appear on the album "Yo!: Indie Rock Raps" on Immortal Records, but the compilation was scrapped by the label before its slated 2007 release.
Other songs.
Most of the band's unreleased songs predate "...Is a Real Boy". Along with the band's demos and other above-listed songs, they are available to download from the band's online forum.
"Dormroom Demos".
Most of Say Anything's unreleased songs from the set of tracks known as "Dormroom Demos", were recorded by Max Bemis in his dorm room while at Sarah Lawrence College.
† Released as part of "Menorah/Majora"
‡ Released as part of "Menorah/Majora" and "...Is a Real Boy", the latter as a rerecording
"VS. AIDS Demos".
The songs that would eventually make up "" were originally slated for release as a benefit album entitled "Say Anything vs. AIDS", the proceeds from which would, appropriately enough, go to support AIDS research. The songs differ from their commercially-released counterparts in that they had yet to be properly mastered, and that the titles for many songs were different. One song does not appear on the commercial release.

</doc>
<doc id="19069841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069841" title="It All Goes to Show">
It All Goes to Show

It All Goes to Show is a 1969 British short comedy film.
Plot.
Councillor Henry Parker, Secretary of Brightsea Bay Entertainments Committee has to seek out talent for the summer show. He bumps into old British Army comrade Mike Sago and the two reignite their double act.

</doc>
<doc id="19069847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069847" title="Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company Building">
Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company Building

The Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company Building, also known as the Northern Implement Company and the American Trio Building, is a warehouse building in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota. PPG Industries of Pittsburgh constructed the structure. It was designed by locally notable firm Kees and Colburn and shows strong influences of noted architect Louis Sullivan. The arches in the top floor windows are modeled after Louis Sullivan's designs, which in turn were influenced by Henry Hobson Richardson's Richardsonian Romanesque style. The corners of the building are subtly chamfered in at the bottom and rise toward a flaring cornice at the top, echoing John Wellborn Root's design of the Monadnock Building in Chicago.
The building has now been converted to loft apartments.

</doc>
<doc id="19069903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069903" title="David Grayson">
David Grayson

David Grayson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19069946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069946" title="Magdalena Mixhuca Sports City">
Magdalena Mixhuca Sports City

The Magdalena Mixhuca Sports City is an Olympic Park which was used during the 1968 Summer Olympics. Found in the area of Mexico City known as the Magdalena mixhuca, the Park continues to serve as a venue for cultural, social, and sport events such as events of worship. The Park is administrated by the Government of City.
It contains numerous sports venues, most importantly the Sport Palace and it has hosted important events, most prominently the 1968 Summer Olympics. 
The Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez.
("Rodríguez Brothers Racetrack") is a race track in Mexico City, Mexico, named for the famous Rodríguez brothers. Built in a public park in 1962, the circuit hosted its first Formula One Grand Prix the same year, as a non-Championship race. The following year the Mexican Grand Prix became a full World Championship event. The circuit remained part of the F1 calendar through 1970, when spectator overcrowding caused unsafe conditions. When the track re-opened in 1986, the circuit boasted a new pit complex, as well as improved safety all around. The Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez (as of 2008) has been the only venue for the Mexican Grand Prix.
The circuit is located within the public park of the Magdalena Mixhuca in northeast Mexico City. The circuit is owned by the Government of the City, but is currently operated under concession by Corporación Interamericana de Entretenimiento, S.A. de C.V. or CIE, through OCESA, one of CIE's subsidiaries. CIE also organizes the NASCAR and Desafío Corona races in this circuit and rents the circuits to other parties, including race organizers, automobile clubs and track amateurs for fees that are controversial due to their disproportionately high amounts compared to other ex-F1 courses.
The circuit itself has a very bumpy surface, mostly due to Mexico City's location on a geologically active region. Furthermore, with an elevation of 2,285 m,(7,500 ft) the thin air makes breathing more difficult for both the drivers and their cars. The circuit got its name shortly after it opened when Ricardo Rodríguez died in practice for the non-Championship 1962 Mexican Grand Prix (Ricardo's brother Pedro would also lose his life behind the wheel years later).
The circuit has an extremely fast final corner (the peraltada) before a long start/finish straight, and thus reminded some of Monza; however, unlike Monza's parabolica curve, the peraltada curve is slightly banked, allowing even more speed through the corner. It was at this corner that Rodríguez crashed, although it is unclear whether this was due to excess speed or suspension failure. After the last F1 Mexican Grand Prix in 1992, a baseball stadium was built on the innerpart of this curve. When the Champ Car series began using the track in 2002, the peraltada curve was partially bypassed by a series of sharp turns entering and exiting the baseball field; re-entering the peraltada halfway through.
The NASCAR Nationwide Series started racing at Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez in the 2005 season, with a chicane on the main straightaway to slow the cars down. They also introduced a curve between the short course and the Ese del Lago to bypass the latter, but avoiding the stadium detour. Martin Truex Jr. won the race in 2005, and Denny Hamlin won in 2006. For the 2007 race, the chicane was removed to increase passing opportunities down the front straight and into turn 1, and Juan Pablo Montoya from Bogotá, Colombia, won the race.
The A1 Grand Prix series started racing at Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez in the 2007 season using the full-track configuration used by Formula 1. Alex Yoong from Malaysia won the sprint race and Oliver Jarvis from the United Kingdom won the feature race.
Foro Sol Baseball stadium.
The Autódromo is unique in the sense that there is a baseball stadium inside Turn 14. The stadium, called Foro Sol is home to the Diablos Rojos del México, and also hosts music concerts.
Artists like Madonna, The Rolling Stones, U2, and Paul McCartney are just a few of the names that have played there.
The Coca-Cola Zero Festival was held at the racetrack on April 12, 2008. (http://coca-colazero.com.mx/) Acts include The Smashing Pumpkins, The Mars Volta, My Chemical Romance, My Morning Jacket, Belanova, Bright Eyes, Kinky, Miranda, La Gusana Ciega, Jumbo, Division Minuscula, Timo Maas, Quiero Club, The Faint, Chetes, Le Baron, and Austin TV.

</doc>
<doc id="19069983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19069983" title="The Water Club">
The Water Club

The Water Club is a hotel that is connected to the Borgata and is located in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Hotel.
The $400 million Water Club was Atlantic City's first boutique-lifestyle hotel when it opened in June 2008. Its opening date was delayed by a September 2007 fire that damaged portions of its exterior. 
The hotel includes five swimming pools and 800 guest rooms. Rooms are equipped with Sony 40-inch, LCD flat-panel TVs, 400 thread-count sheets, and large bathrooms with granite countertops. The 457-foot-tall tower contains a two-story "spa in the sky." It also contains of meeting space and six retail shops.
As part of an edgy trend in the hotel business, each hotel room offers a package of adult personal care items called "The Passion Kit," which includes condoms and other intimate products. At US$18, the sex kits have been the top-selling in-room item.
The hotel discourages bringing children. Guests must be 21 or older to rent a room, and children are banned from using the hotel's spa and five swimming pools.

</doc>
<doc id="19070022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19070022" title="Round Mountain Oil Field">
Round Mountain Oil Field

The Round Mountain Oil Field is a large oil and gas field in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada, about northeast of Bakersfield, California, United States. It is east of the giant Kern River Oil Field, one of the largest in the United States, and also close to the Mount Poso Oil Field and Kern Front Oil Field. With a cumulative total recovery of more than 110 million barrels of oil, it is the 48th largest oil field in California, but remains relatively productive with still about ten percent of its reserves remaining in the ground, according to the California Department of Oil, Gas, and Geothermal Resources (DOGGR).
Setting.
The oil field is northeast of the city of Bakersfield, between the Kern River and Poso Creek, in the lower foothills of the Sierra Nevada. The main access to the field is from the south, by way of Round Mountain Road, which also passes through the huge and much more densely developed Kern River Oil Field. Elevations on the Round Mountain Field range from around at Poso Creek to at Round Mountain itself. Topographic relief is high in some parts of the field, especially the northern part of the Main Area, which is intersected by numerous deep canyons.
Being mostly within the ecological subsection of the California Central Valley known as the Hardpan Terraces, the predominant native vegetation is needlegrass, with some scrub occurring, especially on north-facing slopes. The climate is hot and arid, with summertime temperatures routinely exceeding ; the mean freeze-free period runs from about 250 to 300 days. Mean annual precipitation is around , almost all as rain and almost all in the winter; summers are generally rainless. Runoff is quick, and streams are dry in the summer and early autumn; water from the area flows out by Poso Creek and the Kern River to closed basins in the southern San Joaquin Valley, including Buena Vista Lake.
The field itself is spread out into five named areas, several of which consist of multiple discontiguous productive regions. The Main Area is the largest, consisting of one pool about five miles (8 km) long by half a mile across, extending north to south from Poso Creek to Kern River, and including Round Mountain. North of the main area is the Coffee Canyon Area, and northeast is the Pyramid Area. To the west of the Main Area are the two separate pools in the Sharktooth Area, and the two pools in the Alma Area. The total productive area of the entire field is , or approximately four square miles.
Geology.
Oil in the Round Mountain Field comes from four primary pools, the Freeman-Jewett, Pyramid Hill, Vedder, and Walker. Each resides in a sedimentary formation equivalently named, and are listed from top to bottom in stratigraphic sequence. The Freeman-Jewett and Pyramid Hill are of Miocene Age; the Vedder of Oligocene; and the lowest-lying productive unit, the Walker formation, was deposited during the Eocene and Oligocene. Of these units, the Vedder has been by far the most productive, with over 50 million barrels of oil being extracted.
The field is bounded on the northeast by a fault which serves as a structural trap since it is upgradient from the oil pools. Basement rocks underneath the productive units are of Jurassic age, and at around are not particularly deep for a Kern County oil field. The deepest well on the field is the Killingsworth "Alma" No. 6, at , which reached the granitic basement.
Oil from the field generally heavy, with API gravity ranging from 13 at the Sharktooth and Alma areas to 22 in the Jewett pool in the Main Area. Waterflooding and cyclic steam processes have been used to retrieve some of the heavier petroleum since the early 1960s.
History, production, and operations.
The discovery well was drilled by Getty Oil, now part of Chevron Corp., in May 1927, in the Pyramid Hill pool of the Main Area. Dates of discovery of other parts of the field were 1928 for the Coffee Canyon Area, 1937 for the Pyramid Area, 1943 for the Sharktooth Area, and most recently 1974 for the Alma Area. The peak production for the field as a whole was 1938, during which 5,453,194 barrels of oil were pumped out.
As of 2008, Chevron retained no operating units in the field, and the current operators included Macpherson Oil Co., Coffee Petroleum, Pace Diversified Corp., and Arthur McAdams. None of the major oil companies had operations at Round Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="19070034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19070034" title="Reel Life (Boy Meets Girl album)">
Reel Life (Boy Meets Girl album)

Reel Life is the second album released by the duo Boy Meets Girl. Released in 1988 by RCA Records/BMG, the album featured the band's sole top ten hit as a recording act, "Waiting for a Star to Fall," as well as the minor follow-up, "Bring Down the Moon."
Like the band's previous album, all of the tracks were written entirely by Merrill and Rubicam.

</doc>
<doc id="19070069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19070069" title="Gueudet">
Gueudet

Gueudet is one of the most important car distributors in France. It is owned and managed by the Gueudet family.
History.
All started with Charles Gueudet who was building sewing-machines and bicycles in his workshop in Breteuil-sur-Noye, France. Charles created his company in 1880 and soon worked with two of his sons, Gustave and Lucien. Gustave Gueudet is a self-made man with an entrepreneurial spirit while his brother Lucien is an engineer who graduated from the prestigious French school of Arts et Métiers. When the first cars appear, the Gueudet brothers quickly understand that this will revolutionize the world, and they decide to invest all they have in a car business. The story says that Gustave Gueudet and car maker Louis Renault, founder and CEO of Renault, met on a road of northern France while Mr. Renault had some mechanical problems that were fixed by Gustave Gueudet himself, and the two men who kept in touch soon decided to do business together.
In any event, Gustave Gueudet and Louis Renault sign their first distribution contract in 1920. At the time, Gustave is committed to sell four cars a year. He and Lucien Gueudet decide to create a true network of garages and distribution centers throughout northern France. In 1922, they inaugurate in Amiens "Le Palais de l'Automobile", which is then considered as a great example of what a nice and modern garage should be.
Throughout the years, the Gueudet brothers make their company more and more prosperous, but World War II occurs and most of the garages and dealerships owned by the family are destroyed. After the War, Gustave and Lucien Gueudet decide to start almost all over again with the help of Gustave's son, Robert, born in 1910. In addition, they expand the business to new activities, such as people transportation with the creation of two companies called "Les Autobus Artésiens", and "Les Courriers Automobiles Picards." Also, the Gueudets get involved in agricultural materials, trucks, buses, and gas distribution.
The Gueudet Group becomes one of the most important companies in its field, regionally, but also nationally. In 1956, Gustave Gueudet is decorated Knight of the Legion of Honor by the French Government. In 1959, Gueudet organizes the first tractor race in the country.
In 1960, the Gueudet Group is divided into two parts. The first part contains the car distribution activities and all that goes with it, and is owned and managed by Gustave Gueudet and his son Robert Gueudet, while the second part contains the transportation activities and is owned and managed by Lucien Gueudet and his son-in-law Pierre Amiaud, an engineer from the Ecole Centrale des Arts et Manufactures in Paris.
In 1966, Robert Gueudet dies at only 55 years old and lets his father Gustave alone as the head of the company. Gustave Gueudet has to rethink his succession plan and designates a general manager outside from the family. Gustave dies 4 years later in the French Riviera at age 89, after having dedicated all his life to the development and the prosperity of the family business he transformed and took to a leading position.
After a transition period, two of Robert Gueudet's sons, Jean-Claude and Patrick, became heads of the Gueudet Group in 1980. The two brothers continue to develop the business and besides Renault become partners of other car manufacturers, such as BMW, Opel (owned by GM), Nissan, Toyota, Audi, Volkswagen, and Mini. At some point, the family group becomes the third car distributor in France in terms of turnover, and the first group that is 100% family-owned. Meanwhile, Patrick Gueudet, a graduate of HEC Lausanne Business School in Switzerland, creates several computer programs related to car distribution, which help to improve customer service quite significantly. One of those programs is even sold to Diac, Renault's financial company. As a result, the Gueudet Group is seen in France as a "computer pioneer." Similarly, the company is the first of its kind to create its own website as early as 1995.
By order of the President of the French Republic, Patrick Gueudet, like his grandfather almost fifty years earlier, is named Knight of the Legion of Honor on 31 December 2004. Three months later, he is decorated in Paris during a private ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="19070072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19070072" title="H. Alden Smith House">
H. Alden Smith House

The H. Alden Smith House is a historic Richardsonian Romanesque house just west of downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota. It was designed in 1887 by noted local architect William Channing Whitney. Its owner was a wealthy businessman, a partner in Smith and Wyman Sash and Door Company. It was once part of a group of other mansions on Harmon Place, but the area is now primarily home to apartments, warehouses, and Metropolitan State University. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
H. Alden Smith lived in the home until 1906, when he died of a heart attack. His wife sold the home to a mortuary, and Davies Mortuary resided in the building until the 1970s. It was then used as a restaurant for about two years, then as an office building, a counseling clinic, and a location for filming of the movie Drop Dead Fred. In 1993, the Minneapolis Community College Foundation bought the building for $350,000 and raised funds to renovate the structure. It is now the Wells Family College Center within the Minneapolis Community and Technical College.

</doc>
<doc id="19070089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19070089" title="Vienna Fingers">
Vienna Fingers

Vienna Fingers is a brand of cookie made by the Keebler Company, a division of Kellogg's. They consist of a sandwich of vanilla flavored outer crust filled with vanilla cream flavored filling. Akin to an Oreo, the surface is textured and embossed with the product name, but Vienna Fingers have a round-ended 'finger' shape. They come in a red rectangular package with the words "Vienna Fingers" in white lettering. Nabisco's Cameo is similar.
History.
Vienna Fingers were one of the products originally sold by Sunshine Biscuits. The cookies first were marketed by Sunshine Biscuits in 1915 and trademarked as "" in November 1947. The popularity of the Vienna Fingers cookies was memorialized by American playwright and screenwriter Neil Simon in his 1965 play "The Odd Couple", which was adapted into a 1968 comedy film. In the play, Oscar Madison attempts to distract a depressed Felix Ungar with snack food: "How about vanilla wafers? Or Vienna fingers? I got everything." 
In January 1985, the product was renamed "". At the Food Marketing Institute's 1994 Supermarket convention, both low-fat Hydrox cookies and reduced-fat Vienna Fingers were introduced by Sunshine Biscuits.
In late August 1994, Sunshine Biscuits donated over 21,000 Vienna Fingers and Hydrox cookies to a contingent of American troops from Fort Eustis Army Base. The company's action was a follow up to a similar Sunshine shipment sent to troops during the 1990–1991 Gulf War and a soldier's scrawled response note on an Oreo box, "Please deploy cookies." In the company's words, "the donation of these cookie favorites will give the troops a taste of home and make their time away from their families a little more pleasant." The Vienna Fingers and Hydrox cookies were brought with the troops to the refugee-filled border area between Rwanda and Zaire.
When Keebler purchased Sunshine Biscuits in 1996, it retained the product as part of its line. At the time of Keebler’s acquisition, Vienna Fingers brought in $50 million in sales annually. Following the acquisition of the product line by Keebler, a lemon filling version of the cookie was introduced.

</doc>
<doc id="19070090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19070090" title="Her Wild Oat">
Her Wild Oat

Her Wild Oat (1927) is a silent comedy film made by First National Pictures, directed by Marshall Neilan, and starring Colleen Moore. The screenplay was written by Gerald C. Duffy, based on a story by Howard Irving Young.
History.
This was Moore's first film after a contract dispute between her, her husband John McCormick, and her studio First National caused the couple to suddenly leave California for New York, with the intentions of making films either with another studio or overseas. Their problems were solved and "Her Wild Oat" was made upon her return. Originally they had planned to make "Synthetic Sin", but it was necessary to complete the film quickly. "Her Wild Oat" was a simple story (originally racier until rewritten by Neilan to play up the comic aspects), and could be shot entirely in California (even though it's set in the New York area... palm trees can be seen in the background of the resort supposedly on the east coast) and mostly on location and using existing sets. Colleen wrote in "Silent Star" that her husband, a heavy drinker, had decided to re-edit the film while Colleen was on vacation. She returned to find the tops of all the gags had been removed.
It was her second film directed by Marshall Neilan, the first being "Dinty" (1920). Marshall also produced "Social Register" (1934) with Moore, one of her last four films before retiring from Hollywood.
The film was thought to be lost but a copy was found by Hugh Neely in the Czech National Film Archive in Prague in 2001 and subsequently restored by the Academy Film Archive.

</doc>
<doc id="19070163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19070163" title="2 31 polytope">
2 31 polytope

In 7-dimensional geometry, 231 is a uniform polytope, constructed from the E7 group. 
Coxeter named it 231 by its bifurcating Coxeter-Dynkin diagram, with a single ring on the end of one of the 2-node sequences.
The rectified 231 is constructed by points at the mid-edges of the 231.
These polytopes are part of a family of 127 (27-1) convex uniform polytopes in 7-dimensions, made of uniform polytope facets and vertex figures, defined by all permutations of rings in this Coxeter-Dynkin diagram: .
2_31 polytope.
The 231 is composed of 126 vertices, 2016 edges, 10080 faces (Triangles), 20160 cells (tetrahedra), 16128 4-faces (3-simplexes), 4788 5-faces (756 pentacrosses, and 4032 5-simplexes), 632 6-faces (576 6-simplexes and 56 '"221). Its vertex figure is a 6-demicube.
Its 126 vertices represent the root vectors of the simple Lie group E7. 
This polytope is the vertex figure for a uniform tessellation of 7-dimensional space, 331.
Construction.
It is created by a Wythoff construction upon a set of 7 hyperplane mirrors in 7-dimensional space.
The facet information can be extracted from its Coxeter-Dynkin diagram, .
Removing the node on the short branch leaves the 6-simplex. There are 56 of these facets. These facets are centered on the locations of the vertices of the 321 polytope, .
Removing the node on the end of the 3-length branch leaves the 221. There are 576 of these facets. These facets are centered on the locations of the vertices of the 132 polytope, .
The vertex figure is determined by removing the ringed node and ringing the neighboring node. This makes the 6-demicube, 131, .
Rectified 2_31 polytope.
The rectified 231 is a rectification of the 231 polytope, creating new vertices on the center of edge of the 231.
Construction.
It is created by a Wythoff construction upon a set of 7 hyperplane mirrors in 7-dimensional space.
The facet information can be extracted from its Coxeter-Dynkin diagram, .
Removing the node on the short branch leaves the rectified 6-simplex, .
Removing the node on the end of the 2-length branch leaves the, 6-demicube,
Removing the node on the end of the 3-length branch leaves the rectified 221, .
The vertex figure is determined by removing the ringed node and ringing the neighboring node. 

</doc>
<doc id="19070165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19070165" title="Metro League">
Metro League

Metro League is a high school conference in Beaverton, Oregon that is a member of the OSAA. It is under classification 6A of the OSAA, and it contains five Beaverton high schools and one private school that is part of the Archdiocese of Portland.
Members.
Note: Hillsboro High School and Lincoln High School are also members for water polo and Lincoln for Track and field.
History.
Metro League used to have ten high schools including the ones in Hillsboro, Oregon (Century High School, Glencoe High School, Hillsboro High School, and Liberty High School). It used to be part of classification 4A until the school year 2006-2007, it was jumped up to 6A. With that, the Hillsboro schools were separated from Metro League and joined the Northwest Oregon Conference, which is under classification 5A.
Rivalries.
Sunset and Westview are school rivals, perhaps the largest rivalry in the metro league. Beaverton, Jesuit, and Southridge are rivals with each other. Aloha and Westview rival each other, a rivalry that has jumped in intensity in recent times with the Warrior football team beating Westview 20-16.

</doc>
<doc id="19070193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19070193" title="Kwong Wah (disambiguation)">
Kwong Wah (disambiguation)

Kwong Wah may mean or refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19070199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19070199" title="Aleksandr Kosarev">
Aleksandr Kosarev

Aleksandr Borisovich Kosarev (, born 30 September 1977) is a volleyball player from Russia.
He was born in Rivne.
Kosarev competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, where Russia claimed the bronze medal by defeating the United States in the play-off for third place.

</doc>
<doc id="19070214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19070214" title="Aleksandr Korneev">
Aleksandr Korneev

Aleksandr Vladimirovich Korneev (, born 11 September 1980) is a volleyball player from Russia.
He was born in Moscow.
He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where Russia claimed the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19070225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19070225" title="Sergey Grankin">
Sergey Grankin

Sergey Grankin (born 21 January 1985) is a volleyball player from Russia.
He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics where Russia claimed the bronze medal and gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He married in 19 August 2012 with his fiance Bruna de Araujo. In the 2013 Men's European Volleyball Championship - where Russia won the gold medal - he was awarded as the best setter in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19070229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19070229" title="Cranger Kirmes">
Cranger Kirmes

The is a funfair in Germany, located in near the Rhine–Herne Canal in in the city of Herne. It is the biggest funfair in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia and the second biggest fair in Germany, only behind the Oktoberfest. In 2008 there were 4.7 million visitors. At an area of only and 500 show businesses it is called the "most overcrowded fair of the world".
Overview.
The exact year of the first fair is unknown. During the 15th century a market to sell wild horses from the nearby riparian forests of the Emscher was established in Crange to be held around St Lawrence's Day, 10 August. Over the years, dancers, prestidigitators, fortune tellers, magicians and carnies joined and gradually outnumbered the horse dealers. Cranger grew parallel to the expansion of industry and mining in Ruhr district.
The fair is held annually for a period of 10 days from the first Friday in August. Visitor attractions include Ferris wheels, carousels, roller coasters, ghost trains, carnival games, food stalls, raffles and beer halls and gardens. On opening and closing day a fireworks show is presented.

</doc>
<doc id="19070242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19070242" title="Aleksey Ostapenko">
Aleksey Ostapenko

Aleksey Aleksandrovich Ostapenko (, born 26 May 1986) is a volleyball player from Russia.
He was born in Saratov.
Ostapenko competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where Russia claimed the bronze medal.

</doc>
