<doc id="18910459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910459" title="Ruth Kasirye">
Ruth Kasirye

Ruth Kasirye (born June 10, 1982 in Mukono, Uganda) is a Norwegian weightlifter competing in the Women's 58 kg and 63 kg categories.
She came to Norway in 1998.
In the 58 kg category, she competed at the 2005, 2006, and 2007 World Weightlifting Championships, ranking 12th, 14th, and 8th, lifting a total of 185 kg, 191 kg, and 209 kg.
At the 2007 European Championships she won silver in the 58 kg category, with a total of 210 kg.
At the 2008 European Championships she won the bronze medal in the snatch, and overall ranked fourth in the 63 kg category, with a total of 222 kg.
She represented Norway at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and was also the Norwegian flag bearer at the Opening Ceremony. In the Olympic tournament she ranked 7th in the 63 kg category, with a total of 224 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="18910475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910475" title="Muir Heights, Pasadena, California">
Muir Heights, Pasadena, California

Muir Heights is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California, USA. 
Education.
Muir Heights is home to Cleveland Elementary School and John Muir High School, and is also served by Jackson and Washington Elementary Schools, Washington and Eliot Middle Schools, and John Muir High School.
Transportation.
Muir Heights is served by Metro Local line 260, 267, and 268; as well as Pasadena ARTS line 20, 31, and 32.
Government.
Muir Heights is part of Pasadena City Council District 1, represented by Jacque Robinson.

</doc>
<doc id="18910532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910532" title="Normandie Heights, Pasadena, California">
Normandie Heights, Pasadena, California

Normandie Heights is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California. It is bordered by Woodbury Road to the north, Washington Boulevard to the south, Los Robles Avenue to the west, and Lake Avenue to the east.
Landmarks.
Normandie's most notable landmark is the clock tower at Westminster Presbyterian Church. It is also notable as the old neighborhood of Sirhan Sirhan, who lived on Rio Grande Street.
Education.
Normandie Heights is served by Longfellow and Altadena Elementary Schools, Eliot Middle School, and Muir and Pasadena High Schools.
Transportation.
Normandie is served by Metro Local lines 180, 268, 485, and 687. The neighborhood is also served by Pasadena ARTS routes 20, 31, and 32.
Government.
Normandie Heights is split between Pasadena City Council District 1, represented by Jacque Robinson, District 3, represented by Chris Holden, and District 5, represented by Victor Gordo.

</doc>
<doc id="18910551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910551" title="Gretchen Espina">
Gretchen Espina

Gretchen Stephanie Mendiola Espina (born January 8, 1988 in Quezon City, Philippines) is a Filipino singer and actress who rose to notability after winning "Pinoy Idol", an interactive reality-based singing competition. Although she is credited as the first Pinoy Idol, Espina is technically the second winner of a Philippine "Idol" franchise, after Mau Marcelo of "Philippine Idol" in 2006. She came from the political family of Espinas of Biliran. Her father Rogelio Espina, is a former governor and the current representative of the lone district of Biliran, while her grandfather Gerardo Espina, Sr. is a former representative and mayor of Naval, Biliran and her uncle Gerardo Espina, Jr is a former representative and current governor of Biliran.
Biography.
Early life.
Espina came from a musically-inclined family who is also the prominent political family in Biliran, with her father, Congressman Dr. Rogelio "Roger" J. Espina, Representative of the Lone District of Biliran, described as a "good piano player and singer." Her mother, Cecil, works as a pediatrician; while her grandfather, Gerry, is a Mayor of Kawayan, Biliran. Her uncle, Gerry (Gerryboy) Espina Jr. is the present Governor of Biliran. 
Espina was born in Quezon City, Metro Manila, where she spent her early years studying in School of the Holy Spirit before transferring to Naval Central School where she finished elementary level with honors. She had her secondary education in Cathedral School of La Naval, where she graduated as a salutatorian.
Espina pursued college in University of the Philippines Diliman campus in Quezon City, with a major in European Languages. She is a member of The University of the Philippines Singing Ambassadors and represented UP in the Inter-Collegiate Singing Contest held in Shantou University, Guangdong, China, where she won the first prize as a solo performer.
She is now currently studying in the University of the East Ramon Magsaysay Memorial Medical Center (UERRMC) College of Dentistry taking up Dentistry as her second course.
2006:"Philippine Idol".
She was in Philippine Idol's top 40, but was cut from getting into the top 24 .
2008:"Pinoy Idol".
Espina auditioned in SM Mall of Asia. This was despite her parents' disapproval of her auditioning because they wanted her to finish college first. News about Espina included was among 179 aspirants who passed the auditions was passed around in Biliran through SMS. She was never among the finalists with the lowest number of votes, also known as "The Bottom Group," during the competition. The Finale was described as a competition among the Philippines' three major island groups, with Espina representing Visayas while runners-up Jayann Bautista of Pampanga Province representing Luzon and Ram Chaves of Cagayan de Oro City representing Mindanao. After her win, she revealed that she would give P100,000 (roughly US$2,000) to each of her two runners-up as part of their agreement. She is slated to record her first single under Sony-BMG Philippines with "To You," the Pinoy Idol coronation song.
2009:"Shining Through".
On June 19, 2009, she was re-introduced after months of being away from the limelight due to a throat ailment she had gotten during her stint in "Pinoy Idol" last year, in the 59th Anniversary Celebration of GMA Network held at the Araneta Coliseum singing medley of songs. On July 5, 2009 she was welcomed as a new regular performer and co-host of the musical variety show "SOP Rules".
Espina's debut album entitled "Shining Through" was released on August 4, 2009 by Sony Music Philippines and 19 Recordings with the carrier single entitled "Kasalanan Nga Ba?" originally sung and owned by Thor which is the theme song of a drama series "Sine Novela": "Tinik Sa Dibdib". The album also includes "To You", her "victory song" of "Pinoy Idol".
In 2010, Espina made her first acting debut in "Diva" as Debbie Romasanta, Tiffany's (Glaiza de Castro) best friend and personal assistant who helps her to make Sam/Melody's (Regine Velasquez) life miserable.

</doc>
<doc id="18910562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910562" title="Gold (Olivia Newton-John album)">
Gold (Olivia Newton-John album)

Olivia Newton-John: Gold is a double album of Olivia Newton-John's greatest hits, released in 2005. It contains all but one of her solo Billboard Hot 100 hits (excluding "I Need Love") and is the first CD to contain the track "Fool Country" (a B-side to "Magic" and contained in the film "Xanadu", but not available on the soundtrack). The album is considered the most thorough of all of Newton-John's many compilation albums.
A different version of the album was released in Australia in conjunction with the "Olivia Gold" DVD release.

</doc>
<doc id="18910578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910578" title="Knighten Guilde">
Knighten Guilde

The Knighten Guilde, also known as Portsoken Ward, was an obscure Medieval guild of the City of London, according to "A Survey of London" by John Stow (1603) in origin an order of chivalry founded by Saxon King Edgar for loyal knights. Outside of Stow (1603), its only mention is in the "Charter of Liberties" of Henry I of England (1100). 
Origin.
According to a legend solely recorded in John Stow's A Survey of London, "(In) Portsoken, which soundeth, the Franchise at the gate, was sometime a Guild, and had beginning in the dayes of king Edgar, more than 600 yeares since. There were thirteene Knights, or Soldiers welbeloved to the king and realme, for service by them done, which requested to haue a certaine portion of land on the East part of the Citie, left desolate and forsaken by the Inhabitants, by reason of too much seruitude. They besought the king to haue this land, with the libertie of a Guilde for euer: the king granted to their request with conditions following: that is, that each of them should victoriously accomplish three combates, one aboue the ground, one underground, and the third in the water, and after this at a certaine day in East Smithfield, they should run with Speares against all commers, all which was gloriously performed: and the same day the king named it knighten Guild..."
The King Edgar referred to appears to be King Edgar (d. 975), who fits the timespan given by Stow and was the only crowned monarch of that name. There was only one other King Edgar, better known as Edgar the Aetheling, who was regarded as king by the Saxon loyalists, the Witan had chosen him in 1066 but was never crowned or recognised by the victorious Normans. 
According to Stow the heirs of these Knights in 1115 were, 'certaine Burgesses of London... to wit Radulphus Fitzalgod, Wilmarde le Deuereshe, Orgare le Prude, Edward Hupcornehill, Blackstanus, and Alwine his kinsman, and Robert his brother, the sonnes of Leafstanus the Goldsmith, Wiso his sonne, Hugh Fitzvulgar and Algare Secusme...'
The guild were allegedly responsible for the creation of St Botolph's church at Aldgate, sometime before 1115, or were at least its custodians. At one time a St Botolph dedicated church stood outside every City gate in London as a spiritual 'checkpoint' for devotions made on passing the boundaries of the City.
The editor of Stow's "A Survey of London" added a footnote commenting that
The Knighten guild of London is known to us only through the gift of its soke to Trinity, and the consequent preservation of the documents in the Priory Chartulary. Its true character is uncertain, and its bearing on the history of municipal institutions in London has been disputed. See Round, Geoffrey de Mandeville, 307–9, and Commune of London, 97–105, 221; and Gross, The Gild Merchant, i. 186–8. The documents have been printed in Trans. Lond. and Midd. v. 477–93, and in Letter-Book C, 73–5, 216–25. See also a deed, ap. Chron. de Rameseia, 241, Rolls Ser."
In its later years the Guild simply performed religious duties, later taken on by livery companies, a Royal Commission report says, "the companies of London prove to have sprung from a number of guilds, which were associations of neighbours for the purposes of mutual assistance. Such associations were very numerous in the Middle Ages, both in town and country, and they appear to have abounded in London at a very early period. A "frith guild" and a "knighten- guild" seem to have existed in London in Anglo-Saxon times, and at the time of the Norman Conquest there were probably many other bodies of a like nature in London. Their main objects were the relief of poverty and the performance of masses for the dead." 
Stow records the Guild's account, as recorded in the Liber Trinitae, claimed its charter was given by Edgar and renewed by Canute the Great, Edward the Confessor, William I, William Rufus and Henry I, but its earliest surviving records are from the latter Medieval period, namely the Charter of Liberties of Henry I. Though Stow quotes from an earlier charter from William I:
"William king of England to Maurice Bishop, and Godffrey de Magum, and Richard de Parre, and to his faithfull people of London, greeting: know yee mee to have granted to the men of Knighten Guilde, the Guilde that belonged to them, and the land that belonged thereunto, with all customes, as they had the same in the time of king Edward, and my father. Witnesse hugh de Buche: at Rething". 
Unfortunately this charter no longer seems to exist, nor does any of the others, though Stow insists that these were present when the Guild was dissolved. However he does not quote any sources other than the Liber Trinitae. 
A more recent historian, Sydney Maddocks, summarises the Guild's end "The members of the Knighten Guild in 1115 granted their estate to the Priory and Convent of Holy Trinity, Aldgate, which grant King Henry I confirmed. The transfer of the possessions of the Knighten Guild to Holy Trinity Priory immediately brought about trouble with Geoffrey de Mandeville, Constable of the Tower. Having taken a piece of ground in East Smithfield and made it into a vineyard, he and his successors held it by force. The situation of the vineyard cannot be identified, but it doubtless became attached to Tower Hill which it adjoined".
No reason is given in any source for the transfer, and it may either indicate the Guild had run its course or the change was part of the political and ecclesiastical changes imposed by Henry I when he seized power after the death of William Rufus.
The assumption is that the Guild was dissolved after its lands were passed on. Though according to the Livery Companies Commission, the Guild was believed to have been absorbed into London's livery companies. It certainly no longer exists, though Portsoken still exists as a ward.
The sources for Stow's account are uncertain, the only one given, Liber Trinitatis, records the views of the Order of the Holy Trinity which took over the area, and so no doubt gives a biased account.

</doc>
<doc id="18910622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910622" title="The Soothsayer">
The Soothsayer

The Soothsayer is the seventh album by Wayne Shorter, recorded in 1965, but not released on Blue Note until 1979. The album features five originals by Shorter and an arrangement of Jean Sibelius' "Valse Triste". An additional take of "Angola" was added to later CD releases.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Stacia Proefrock awarded the album 4½ stars stating "it ranks with the best of his works from this incredibly fertile period". 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Wayne Shorter except as indicated."

</doc>
<doc id="18910626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910626" title="There Was Blood Everywhere">
There Was Blood Everywhere

There Was Blood Everywhere is a compilation of Embalmer's "There Was Blood Everywhere" EP and four new tracks. It was released by Relapse Records in 1997. The liner notes come with full recording information (including dates and locales) and full lyrics.
Track listing.
Lyrics by Rick Fleming. Music by Embalmer. Copyright Relapse-Release Music.

</doc>
<doc id="18910703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910703" title="Jared Graves">
Jared Graves

Jared Graves (born 16 December 1982 in Toowoomba, Queensland) is an Australian cyclist who has represented Australia in BMX, 4x (four cross) and DH (downhill) mountain biking.In 2006, he finished second in the mountain bike 4x world cup series. In 2008 he finished second in the BMX world cup series and was selected to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where he finished sixth. He became 4X World Cup champion in 2009, winning 5 from 8 rounds. On 4 September 2009 he won the UCI Mountain bike 4X World Championships in Canberra, Australia. he Won the 2010 UCI 4X World Cup series winning 4 from 6 rounds, and won a Silver medal at the world Championships in Canada after leading the final race all the way until making a mistake and being passed on the final corner. Graves also won the 2011 4X World Cup title winning 3 from 5 Rounds. Graves rides for Yeti Cycles. Graves is widely regarded as the best Fourcross (4X) racer of all time.
Graves has turned his focus to the fastest growing discipline and arguably the discipline enjoying the most popularity in mountain bike racing for 2013, enduro. He has had a strong start to the season with wins at the traditional international season opening event, the Sea Otter Classic in California. He has finished top at almost all the 2013 enduro World Series events, including a win at round 5 of the series during the Whistler Crankworx festival, and has finished the season as the number 2 ranked enduro racer in the world. He then jumped back into downhill racing at the end of the season went on to place 3rd at the UCI Mountain Bike & Trials World Championships in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa. 

</doc>
<doc id="18910706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910706" title="Flying High Together">
Flying High Together

Flying High Together was a 1972 album by Smokey Robinson and the Miracles on Motown Records' Tamla label. It is noted as The Miracles' last studio album with original lead singer Smokey Robinson, who retired from the act to concentrate on his duties as Vice President of The Motown Record Corporation. The album charted at #46 on the "Billboard" Pop Album chart, and featured two singles: the appropriately named "We've Come Too Far to End It Now", which matched the parent album's chart position on the "Billboard" singles chart, charting at #46, and reached the Top 10 of the "Billboard" R&B singles chart, charting at #9, and "I Can't Stand to See You Cry", which charted at #45 Pop, and #21 R&B. 
The album also featured a cover of The Stylistics' 1971 hit "Betcha By Golly Wow", the "Theme from "Love Story"", and covers of the Michael Jackson solo hit, "Got to Be There" (featuring outstanding guitar work by Miracle Marv Tarplin), and The Chi-Lites'#1 hit, "Oh Girl". The album also features songs composed by Ashford & Simpson, Stevie Wonder and Syretta Wright, Bobby Miller, who was responsible for The Dells' long string of hits, and Motown producer Johnny Bristol. Neither Smokey nor any of the other Miracles contributed to the writing on this album, and Smokey himself produced only one track, the aforementioned "Got to Be There". 
The release of this album coincided with the group's final nationwide tour, before replacing Smokey with Billy Griffin. As of 2009, "Flying High Together" has yet to be issued on CD, but several of its songs have showed up on various Miracles foreign and domestic CD compilations. The Miracles' next studio album was 1973's Billy Griffin-led "Renaissance".

</doc>
<doc id="18910709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910709" title="Soswaewon">
Soswaewon

Sosweawon or Sosaewon is a typical Korean garden of the middle Joseon Dynasty. It is located in the Nam-myeon, Damyang County of the South Jeolla Province, South Korea.
This garden harmonizes with nature in characteristic traditional Korean style. Clean waters in the valley flow below the wall and fall through the small cataract into the lake. This place can be said to be a cultivating house of scholar spirit in that many Confucian scholars discussed academic subjects and wrote their works here.
History.
Soswaewon was originally constructed by Yang San-bo (양산보) from the end of 1520 through the middle of 1530. Yang gave up his government position after his teacher, Jo Gwang-jo (1482 - 1519) was exiled and then killed in the purge of 1519 called "Gimyo sahwa" (기묘사화). So Yang made this garden to seclude himself from social position. The part of the garden was burnt down during the Japanese invasions of Korea (1592–1598), but the buildings were reconstructed by his descendants, and the present Sosweawon was renovated by Yang Taek-ji, Yang san-bo's descendant in the fifth generation.
An 18th-century map of Sosweawon remains. It is carved on wood in the 31st year of King Yeongjo (1755), and shows the original design of the garden.
Structures.
Jewol Pavilion is a house for the host and means "bright moon after raining".
Gwangpung Pavilion is a house for guests and means "bright sun and fresh wind after raining".
Daebong Pavilion is located at high hill of Sosweawon. It means the luck of phoenix is regarded as the good news.

</doc>
<doc id="18910715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910715" title="Chris Knapp (baseball)">
Chris Knapp (baseball)

Robert Christian Knapp (born September 16, 1953 in Cherry Point, North Carolina) is a retired American professional baseball player. He was a , right-handed pitcher who appeared in 122 Major League Baseball games for the Chicago White Sox (1975–1977) and California Angels (1978–1980), winning 12 and 14 games in back-to-back seasons (–).
After graduating from Central Michigan University, Knapp was selected in the first round of the 1975 Major League Baseball Draft by the White Sox. He played parts of the , , and seasons with Chicago, although most of his time in the first two years of his career was spent in the White Sox farm system. In 1977 he appeared in five games for the Triple-A Iowa Oaks, and worked in 27 MLB games for the White Sox, 26 as a starting pitcher, posting a 12–7 record with four complete games. On December 5, however, he was included in a major off-season trade, when he was sent to the Angels with catcher Brian Downing and pitcher Dave Frost for outfielders Bobby Bonds and Thad Bosley and pitcher Richard Dotson. Knapp then worked in 30 games for the 1978 Angels, 29 as a starter, and posted a 14–8 mark with six complete games.
In 1979 and 1980, however, his effectiveness diminished, as he could win only seven of 23 decisions and his earned run average ballooned to 5.51 and 6.14, respectively. He was sent to the minor leagues in . Knapp finished his career in the minors during the season, going winless in four starts.
During his MLB career, Knapp allowed 642 hits and 250 bases on balls in 604⅓ innings pitched, with 355 strikeouts and 15 total complete games.

</doc>
<doc id="18910717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910717" title="Oak Knoll, Pasadena, California">
Oak Knoll, Pasadena, California

Oak Knoll is the southernmost neighborhood in Pasadena, California. It is bordered by Glenarm Street to the north, Old Mill Road to the south, the South Pasadena border to the west, and Oak Grove Avenue to the east.
The eponymous knoll is a 150 ft-high ridge formed by the Raymond Fault.
An upscale neighborhood on rolling, oak-covered terrain, it was developed in 1905 by a corporate partnership between prominent Northeasterners and California residents A. Kingsley Macomber, Henry E. Huntington and William R. Staats.
Education.
Oak Knoll is home to Allendale Elementary School and Blair High School. The neighborhood is also served by Hamilton Elementary School and McKinley School.
Transportation.
Oak Knoll is served by Metro Local line 485.
Government.
Oak Knoll is part of City Council District 7, represented by Terry Tornek

</doc>
<doc id="18910757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910757" title="Judaeo-Spanish">
Judaeo-Spanish

Judaeo-Spanish (also spelled "Judeo-Spanish" and "Judæo-Spanish"; Latin script: , Hebrew script: , Cyrillic: , ), commonly referred to as Ladino, is a Romance language derived from Old Spanish. Originally spoken in the former territories of the Ottoman Empire (the Balkans, Turkey, the Middle East and North Africa) as well as in France, Italy, Kingdom of the Netherlands, Morocco and the UK, today it is spoken mainly by Sephardic minorities in more than 30 countries, most of the speakers residing in Israel. Although it has no official status in any country, it has been acknowledged as a minority language in Israel and Turkey.
The core vocabulary of Judaeo-Spanish is Old Spanish and it has numerous elements from all the old Romance languages of the Iberian Peninsula, such as Aragonese, Astur-Leonese, Catalan, Galician-Portuguese and Mozarabic. The language has been further enriched by Ottoman Turkish and Semitic vocabulary, such as Hebrew, Aramaic, Arabic, especially in the domains of religion, law and spirituality and most of the vocabulary for new and modern concepts has been adopted through French and Italian. Furthermore the language is influenced to a lesser degree by other local languages of the Balkans as well, such as Greek, Bulgarian and Serbo-Croatian.
Historically, the Rashi script and its cursive form Solitreo have been the main orthographies for writing Judaeo-Spanish. However today, it is mainly written with the Latin alphabet, though some other alphabets, such as Hebrew and Cyrillic are still in use. Judaeo-Spanish is also locally known by many different names, major ones being: "Espanyol", "Judio" (or "Jidio"), "Judesmo", "Ladino", "Sefaradi" and "Haketia". In Israel, the language is called "Spanyolit", "Espanyolit" and "Ladino". In Turkey and formerly in the Ottoman Empire, the language has been traditionally called "Yahudice", meaning the Jewish language.
Judaeo-Spanish, once the trade language of the Adriatic Sea, the Balkans and the Middle-East and renowned for its rich literature especially in Salonika, today is under serious threat of extinction. Most native speakers are elderly and the language is not transmitted to their children or grandchildren for various reasons. In some expatriate communities in Latin America and elsewhere, there is a threat of dialect levelling resulting in extinction by assimilation into modern Spanish. However, it is experiencing a minor revival among Sephardic communities, especially in music.
Name.
In Israel particularly, and in America, the language is commonly called "Ladino" () (a derivative of "Latin"), though the people who actually speak the language consider this use incorrect. The language is also called Judeo-Spanish, "judeo-espagnol", "judeo-español", "Sefardi", "Djudio", "Dzhudezmo", "Judezmo", and "Spanyol" or "Español sefardita"; "Haquitía" (from the Arabic "ħaka" حكى, "tell") refers to the dialect of North Africa, especially Morocco. The dialect of the Oran area of Algeria was called "Tetuani", after the Moroccan town Tétouan, since many Orani Jews came from this city. In Hebrew, the language is called "Spanyolit".
According to the "Ethnologue", "The name 'Judezmo' is used by Jewish linguists and Turkish Jews and American Jews; 'Judaeo-Spanish' by Romance philologists; 'Ladino' by laymen, especially in Israel; 'Hakitia' by Moroccan Jews; 'Spanyol' by some others."
The derivation of the name "Ladino" is complicated. In pre-Expulsion times in the area known today as Spain the word meant literary Castilian as opposed to other dialects, or Romance in general as distinct from Arabic. (The first European language grammar and dictionary, of Castilian, refers to it as "ladino" or "ladina". In the Middle Ages, the word "Latin" was frequently used to mean simply "language", and in particular the language one understands: a "latiner" or "latimer" meant a translator.) Following the expulsion, Jews spoke of "the Ladino" to mean the traditional oral translation of the Bible into archaic Castilian. By extension it came to mean that style of Castilian generally, in the same way that (among Kurdish Jews) "Targum" has come to mean Judaeo-Aramaic and (among Jews of Arabic-speaking background) "sharħ" has come to mean Judaeo-Arabic.
Informally, and especially in modern Israel, many speakers use "Ladino" to mean Judaeo-Spanish as a whole. The language is regulated by a body called the Autoridad Nasionala del Ladino. More strictly, however, the term is confined to the style used in translation. According to the website of the Jewish Museum of Thessaloniki,
Ladino is not spoken, rather, it is the product of a word-for-word translation of Hebrew or Aramaic biblical or liturgical texts made by rabbis in the Jewish schools of Spain. In these, translations, a specific Hebrew or Aramaic word always corresponded to the same Spanish word, as long as no exegetical considerations prevented this. In short, Ladino is only Hebrew clothed in Spanish, or Spanish with Hebrew syntax. The famous Ladino translation of the Bible, the Biblia de Ferrara (1553), provided inspiration for the translation of numerous Spanish Christian Bibles."
In modern standard Spanish, "ladino" is an adjective that means "sly" or "cunning".
In Guatemala, "ladino" refers to a person of non-Amerindian heritage, including mestizos, as well as an Amerindian who has adopted the culture of non-Amerindians.
Variants.
At the time of the expulsion from Spain, the day-to-day language of the Jews of different regions of the peninsula was little if at all different from that of their Christian neighbors, though there may have been some dialect mixing to form a sort of Jewish lingua franca. There was however a special style of Castilian used for purposes of study or translation, featuring a more archaic dialect, a large number of Hebrew and Aramaic loan-words and a tendency to render Hebrew word order literally ("ha-laylah ha-zeh", meaning "this night", was rendered "la noche la esta" instead of the normal Spanish "esta noche"). As mentioned above, some authorities would confine the term "Ladino" to this style.
Following the expulsion, the process of dialect mixing continued, though Castilian remained by far the largest contributor. The daily language was increasingly influenced both by the language of study and by the local non-Jewish vernaculars such as Greek and Turkish, and came to be known as "Judezmo": in this respect the development is parallel to that of Yiddish. However, many speakers, especially among the community leaders, also had command of a more formal style nearer to the Spanish of the expulsion, referred to as "Castellano".
Sources of the language.
Castilian Spanish.
The grammar of Judeo-Spanish, its phonology and its core vocabulary (approx. 60% of its total vocabulary), are basically Castilian. In some respects it resembles southern and South American dialects of Spanish rather than the language of Castile itself: for example it exhibits both yeísmo ("she" is "eya" (Judaeo-Spanish) as against "ella" (modern Spanish)) and seseo.
In many respects it reproduces the Spanish of the time of the expulsion rather than modern Spanish. Archaic features retained by Judeo-Spanish are as follows:
Portuguese and other Iberian languages.
However, the phonology of the consonants and part of the lexicon are in some respects closer to Galician-Portuguese or Catalan than to modern Castilian, partly because they retained characteristics of medieval Ibero-Romance that Castilian later lost. Compare for example Judaeo-Spanish "aninda" ("still") with Portuguese "ainda" (Galician "aínda", Asturian "aína" or "enaína") and Castilian "aún", or the initial consonants in Judaeo-Spanish "fija", "favla" ("daughter", "speech"), Portuguese "filha", "fala" (Galician "filla", "fala", Asturian "fía", "fala", Aragonese "filla", "fabla", Catalan "filla"), Castilian "hija", "habla". This sometimes varied with dialect: in Judaeo-Spanish popular songs both "fijo" and "hijo" (for "son") are found. The Judaeo-Spanish pronunciation of "s" as "sh" before a "k" sound or at the end of certain words (such as "seis", pronounced , for six) is also shared with Portuguese (as spoken in Portugal) but not with Spanish.
Hebrew and Aramaic.
Like other Jewish vernaculars, Judaeo-Spanish incorporates many Hebrew and Aramaic words, mostly for religious concepts and institutions. Examples are "Haham" (rabbi) and "kal" (synagogue, from Hebrew "qahal").
Arabic, Turkish, Greek etc..
Judeo-Spanish has absorbed some words from the local languages, though sometimes Hispanicizing them in form: for example "bilbilico" (nightingale), from Persian (via Turkish) "bülbül". This may be compared to the Slavic elements in Yiddish. It is not always clear whether some of these words antedate the expulsion, given the large number of Arabic words in Spanish generally.
Morphology.
Judaeo-Spanish is distinguished from other Spanish dialects by the presence of the following features:
Regular conjugation in the present:
Regular conjugation in the preterite:
Orthography.
The following systems of writing Judeo-Spanish have been used or proposed.
Arguments for and against the 1492 orthography.
The Castilian orthography of that time has been standardized and eventually changed by a series of orthographic reforms, the last of which occurred in the 18th century, to become the spelling of modern Spanish. Judaeo-Spanish has retained some of the pronunciation that at the time of reforms had become archaic in standard Castilian. Adopting 15th century Castilian orthography (similar to modern Portuguese orthography) would therefore closely fit the pronunciation of Judaeo-Spanish.
Some old spellings could be restored for the sake of historical interest, rather than to reflect Judeo-Spanish phonology:
The supporters of this orthography argue that classical and Golden Age Castilian literature might gain renewed interest, better appreciation and understanding should its orthography be used again.
It remains uncertain how to treat sounds that Old Castilian spelling failed to render phonetically.
History.
Jews in the Middle Ages were instrumental in the development of Castilian into a prestige language. Erudite Jews translated Arabic and Hebrew works – often translated earlier from Greek – into Castilian and Christians translated again into Latin for transmission to Europe.
Until recent times, the language was widely spoken throughout the Balkans, Turkey, the Middle East, and North Africa, having been brought there by Jewish refugees fleeing the area today known as Spain following the expulsion of the Jews in 1492.
The contact among Jews of different regions and languages, including Catalan, Leonese and Portuguese developed a unified dialect differing in some aspects from the Castilian norm that was forming simultaneously in the area known today as Spain, though some of this mixing may have occurred in exile rather than in the peninsula itself. The language was known as "Yahudice" (Jewish language) in the Ottoman Empire. In late 18th century, Enderunlu Fazıl (Fazyl bin Tahir Enderuni) wrote in his "Zenanname": "Castilians speak the Jewish language but they are not Jews."
The closeness and mutual comprehensibility between Judeo-Spanish and Castilian favoured trade among Sephardim (often relatives) ranging from the Ottoman Empire to the Netherlands and the "conversos" of the Iberian Peninsula.
After the expulsion of the Jews, who were of mostly Portuguese descent, from Dutch Brazil in 1654, Jews were one of the influences on the African-Romance creole Papiamento of the Dutch Caribbean islands Aruba, Bonaire and Curaçao.
Over time, a corpus of literature, both liturgical and secular, developed. Early literature was limited to translations from Hebrew. At the end of the 17th century, Hebrew was disappearing as the vehicle for Rabbinic instruction. Thus a literature in the popular tongue (Ladino) appeared in the 18th century, such as Me'am Lo'ez and poetry collections. By the end of the 19th century, Sephardim in the Ottoman Empire studied in schools of the Alliance Israélite Universelle. French became the language for foreign relations (as it did for Maronites), and Judeo-Spanish drew from French for neologisms. New secular genres appeared: more than 300 journals, history, theatre, biographies.
Given the relative isolation of many communities, a number of regional dialects of Judeo-Spanish appeared, many with only limited mutual comprehensibility. This is due largely to the adoption of large numbers of loanwords from the surrounding populations, including, depending on the location of the community, from Greek, Turkish, Arabic, and in the Balkans, Slavic languages, especially Bosnian, Bulgarian and Serbo-Croatian. The borrowing in many Judaeo-Spanish dialects is so heavy that up to 30% of these dialects is of non-Spanish origin. Some words also passed from Judeo-Spanish into neighbouring languages: the word "palavra" "word" (Vulgar Latin = "parabola"; Greek = "parabole") for example passed into Turkish, Greek, and Romanian with the meaning "bunk, hokum, humbug, bullshit" in Turkish and Romanian and "big talk, boastful talk" in Greek (cf. the English "palaver").
Judeo-Spanish was the common language of Salonika during the period of Ottoman rule. The city became part of the modern Greek Republic in 1912 and was subsequently renamed Thessaloniki. Despite a major fire, economic oppression by Greek authorities, and mass settlement of Christian refugees, the language remained widely spoken in Salonika until the deportation and murder of 50,000 Salonikan Jews in the Holocaust during the Second World War. According to the 1928 census there were 62,999 native speakers of Ladino in Greece. This figure drops down to 53,094 native speakers in 1940 but 21,094 citizens also cited speaking Ladino "usually".
Judaeo-Spanish was also a language used in "Donmeh" rites ("Dönme" in Turkish meaning convert and referring to adepts of Sabbatai Tsevi converted to the Moslem religion in the Ottoman empire). An example is the recite "Sabbatai Tsevi esperamos a ti". Today, the religious practices and ritual use of Judaeo-Spanish seems confined to elderly generations.
The Castilian colonization of Northern Africa favoured the role of polyglot Sephardim who bridged between Castilian colonizers and Arab and Berber speakers.
From the seventeenth to the nineteenth centuries, Judaeo-Spanish was the predominant Jewish language in the Holy Land, though the dialect was different in some respects from that spoken in Greece and Turkey. Some Sephardi families have lived in Jerusalem for centuries, and preserve Judeo-Spanish for cultural and folklore purposes, though they now use Hebrew in everyday life.
An often told Sephardic anecdote from Bosnia-Herzegovina has it that, as a Spanish consulate was opened in Sarajevo between the two world wars, two Sephardic women were passing by and, upon hearing a Catholic priest speaking Spanish, thought thatgiven his languagehe was in fact Jewish!
In the twentieth century, the number of speakers declined sharply: entire communities were murdered in the Holocaust, while the remaining speakers, many of whom emigrated to Israel, adopted Hebrew. The governments of the new nation-states encouraged instruction in the official languages. At the same time, Judaeo-Spanish aroused the interest of philologists, since it conserved language and literature that existed prior to the standardisation of Castilian.
Judeo-Spanish is in serious danger of extinction because many native speakers today are elderly "olim" (immigrants to Israel), who have not transmitted the language to their children or grandchildren. Nevertheless, it is experiencing a minor revival among Sephardic communities, especially in music. In addition, Sephardic communities in several Latin American countries still use Judeo-Spanish. In these countries, there is an added danger of extinction by assimilation to modern Castilian Spanish.
Kol Yisrael and Radio Nacional de España hold regular radio broadcasts in Judeo-Spanish. "" showed an episode, titled "A Murderer Among Us", with references to the language. Films partially or totally in Judeo-Spanish include Mexican film "Novia que te vea" (directed by Guita Schyfter), The House on Chelouche Street, and "Every Time We Say Goodbye".
Efforts have been made to gather and publish modern Judeo-Spanish fables and folktales. In 2001, the Jewish Publication Society published the first English translation of Judeo-Spanish folk tales, collected by Matilda Koén-Sarano, "Folktales of Joha, Jewish Trickster: The Misadventures of the Guileful Sephardic Prankster." A survivor of Auschwitz, Moshe Ha'elyon, issued his translation into Ladino of the ancient Greek epic The Odyssey in 2012, in his 87th year, and is now translating the sister epic, the Iliad, into his mother tongue.
Religious use.
The Jewish community of Bosnia-Herzegovina in Sarajevo and the Jewish community of Belgrade still chant part of the Sabbath Prayers ("Mizmor David") in Ladino. The Sephardic Synagogue Ezra Bessaroth in Seattle, Washington (US) was formed by Jews from Turkey and the Island of Rhodes, and they use Ladino in some portions of their Shabbat services. The Siddur is called Zehut Yosef and was written by Hazzan Isaac Azose.
At Congregation Etz Ahaim (a Sephardic congregation started by Jews from Salonika in New Brunswick, N.J.) in Highland Park, New Jersey a reader chants the Aramaic prayer "B'rich Shemay" in Ladino before taking out the Torah on Shabbat; it is known as "Bendichu su Nombre". Additionally, at the end of Shabbat services the entire congregation sings the well-known Hebrew song "Ein Keloheinu" as "Non Como Muestro Dio" in Ladino.
The late Rabbi Aryeh Kaplan translated some scholarly religious Ladino texts, including Me'am Loez, into Hebrew or English, or both.
Modern education.
As with Yiddish the Ladino language is seeing a minor resurgence in educational interest in colleges across the United States and in Israel. Still, given the ethnic demographics among American Jews, it is not surprising that more institutions offer Yiddish language courses than Ladino language courses. Today, the University of Pennsylvania and Tufts University offer Ladino language courses among colleges in the United States. In Israel, Moshe David Gaon Center for Ladino Culture at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev is leading the way in education (Ladino language and literature courses, Community oriented activities) and research (a yearly scientific journal, international congresses and conferences etc.). Hebrew University also offers Ladino language courses. The Complutense University of Madrid also has in the past.
Samples.
Comparison with other languages.
Judeo-Spanish
El djudeo-espanyol, "djudio", "djudezmo" es la lingua favlada por los djudios sefardim ekspulsados de la Espanya enel 1492. Es una lingua derivada del espanyol i favlada por 150.000 personas en komunitas en Israel, la Turkia, antika Yugoslavia, la Gresia, el Maruekos, Mayorka, las Amerikas, entre munchos otros.
Spanish
El judeo-español, "djudio", "djudezmo" o ladino es la lengua hablada por los judíos sefardíes expulsados de España en 1492. Es una lengua derivada del español y hablada por 150.000 personas en comunidades en Israel, Turquía, la antigua Yugoslavia, Grecia, Marruecos, Mallorca, las Américas, entre muchos otros.
Catalan
El judeocastellà, "djudiu", "djudezmo" és la llengua parlada pels jueus sefardites expulsats d'Espanya al 1492. És una llengua derivada de l'espanyol i parlada per 150.000 persones en comunitats a Israel, Turquia, antiga Iugoslàvia, Grècia, el Marroc, Mallorca, les Amèriques, entre moltes altres.
Asturian
El xudeoespañol, "djudio", "djudezmo" ye la llingua falada polos xudíos sefardinos expulsados d'España en 1492. Ye una llingua derivada del español y falada por 150.000 persones en comunidaes n'Israel, Turquía, na antigua Yugoslavia, Grecia, Marruecos, Mayorca, nes Amériques, entre munchos otros.
Galician
O xudeo-español, "djudio", "djudezmo" é a lingua falada polos xudeos sefardís expulsados de España en 1492. É unha lingua derivada do español e falada por 150.000 persoas en comunidades en Israel, en Turquía, na antiga Iugoslavia, Grecia, Marrocos, Maiorca, nas Américas, entre moitos outros .
Portuguese (both European, and Brazilian)
O judeo-espanhol, "djudio", "djudezmo" é a língua falada pelos judeos sefarditas expulsos de/da Espanha em 1492. É uma língua derivada do castelhano -ou espanhol- e falada por 150.000 pessoas em comunidades em Israel, na Turquia, na antiga Jugoslávia (ou ex-Iugoslávia/ex-Yugoslávia), na Grécia, em/no Marrocos, em Maiorca (ou Mayorca/Malhorca), nas Américas, dentre muitos outros .
English
Judeo-Spanish, Djudio, Judezmo, is a language spoken by the Sephardi Jews expelled from Spain in 1492. It is a language derived from Spanish and spoken by 150,000 people in communities in Israel, Turkey, the former Yugoslavia, Greece, Morocco, Majorca, the Americas, among many others .
Songs.
Folklorists have been collecting "romances" and other folk songs, some dating from before the expulsion. Many religious songs in Judeo-Spanish are translations of the Hebrew, usually with a different tune. For example, "Ein Keloheinu" looks like this in Judeo-Spanish:
Other songs relate to secular themes such as love.
Adio, kerida
Tu madre kuando te pario <br>
Y te kito al mundo,<br>
Korason ella no te dio<br>
Para amar segundo.<br>
Korason ella no te dió<br>
Para amar segundo.
Adio,<br>
Adio Querida,<br>
No kero la vida,<br>
Me l'amargates tu.<br>
Adio,<br>
Adio kerida,<br>
No kero la vida,<br>
Me l'amargates tu.<br>
Va, bushkate otro amor,<br>
Aharva otras puertas,<br>
Aspera otro ardor,<br>
Ke para mi sos muerta.<br>
Aspera otro ardor,<br>
Ke para mi sos muerta.
Adio,<br>
Adio kerida,<br>
No kero la vida,<br>
Me l'amargates tu.<br>
Adio,<br>
Adio kerida,<br>
No kero la vida,<br>
Me l'amargates tú.<br>
Anachronistically, Abraham – who in the Bible is the very first Hebrew and the ancestor of all who followed, hence his appellation "Avinu" (Our Father) – is in the Judeo-Spanish song born already in the "djudería" (modern Spanish: "judería"), the Jewish quarter. This makes Terach and his wife into Hebrews, as are the parents of other babies killed by Nimrod. In essence, unlike its Biblical model, the song is about a Hebrew community persecuted by a cruel king and witnessing the birth of a miraculous saviour – a subject of obvious interest and attraction to the Jewish people who composed and sang it in Medieval Spain.
The song attributes to Abraham elements from the story of Moses's birth (the cruel king killing innocent babies, with the midwives ordered to kill them, the 'holy light' in the Jewish area) and from the careers of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego who emerged unscathed from the fiery furnace. Nimrod is thus made to conflate the role and attributes of two archetypal cruel and persecuting kings – Nebuchadnezzar and Pharaoh. For more information, see Nimrod.
Jennifer Charles and Oren Bloedow from the New York-based band Elysian Fields released a CD in 2001 called La Mar Enfortuna, which featured modern versions of traditional Sephardic songs, many sung by Charles in Judeo-Spanish. The American singer, Tanja Solnik, has released several award-winning albums that feature songs sung in Ladino: "From Generation to Generation: A Legacy of Lullabies" and "Lullabies and Love Songs". There are a number of groups in Turkey that sing in Judeo-Spanish, notably "Janet – Jak Esim Ensemble", "Sefarad", "Los Pasharos Sefaradis", and the children's chorus "Las Estreyikas d'Estambol". There is a Brazilian-born singer of Sephardic origins called Fortuna who researches and plays Judaeo-Spanish music.
The Jewish Bosnian-American musician Flory Jagoda recorded two CDs of music taught to her by her grandmother, a Sephardic folk singer, among a larger discography.
The cantor Dr. Ramón Tasat, who learned Judaeo-Spanish at his grandmother's knee in Buenos Aires, has recorded many songs in the language, with three of his CDs focusing primarily on that music.
The Israeli singer Yasmin Levy has also brought a new interpretation to the traditional songs by incorporating more "modern" sounds of Andalusian Flamenco. Her work revitalising Sephardi music has earned Levy the Anna Lindh Euro-Mediterranean Foundation Award for promoting cross-cultural dialogue between musicians from three cultures. In Yasmin Levy's own words:
"I am proud to combine the two cultures of Ladino and flamenco, while mixing in Middle Eastern influences. I am embarking on a 500 years old musical journey, taking Ladino to Andalusia and mixing it with flamenco, the style that still bears the musical memories of the old Moorish and Jewish-Spanish world with the sound of the Arab world. In a way it is a ‘musical reconciliation’ of history."
Notable music groups performing in Judaeo-Spanish include Voice of the Turtle, Oren Bloedow and Jennifer Charles' "La Mar Enfortuna" and Vanya Green, who was awarded a Fulbright Fellowship for her research and performance of this music. She was recently selected as one of the top ten world music artists by the We are Listening International World of Music Awards for her interpretations of the music.
Robin Greenstein, a New York based musician, received a federal CETA grant in the 1980s to collect and perform Sephardic Ladino Music under the guidance of the American Jewish Congress. Her mentor was Joe Elias, noted Sephardic singer from Brooklyn. She recorded residents of the Sephardic Home for the Aged, a nursing home in Coney Island, NY singing songs from their childhood. Amongst the voices recorded was Victoria Hazan, a well known Sephardic singer who recorded many 78's in Ladino and Turkish from the 1930s and 1940s. Two Ladino songs can be found on her "Songs of the Season" holiday CD released in 2010 on Windy Records.
The Portland Oregon based Pink Martini released a Ladino Hanukkah song, "Ocho Kandelikas," on their 2010 album "Joy to the World"
References.
Notes
Citations
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="18910758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910758" title="2008 Washington Huskies football team">
2008 Washington Huskies football team

The 2008 Washington Huskies football team represented the University of Washington in the 2008 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team's head coach was Tyrone Willingham. The Huskies played their home games at Husky Stadium in Seattle, Washington. The 2008 Huskies were the first 0-12 team in Pac-10 conference history and the only team in the country to finish the 2008 season without a victory. The Huskies were outscored 159-463 during the losing streak.
On October 27, 2008, the Monday after a 33-7 loss to Notre Dame, it was announced that Willingham would step down as head coach at the end of the 2008 season. University of Washington Athletic Director Scott Woodward said the announcement ended speculation of what was going to happen with Willingham, who had a year remaining on his contract.
"It became quite obvious that the performance on the football field wasn’t up to what we talked about at the beginning of the season and previous to the season and it became more obvious as time went on," Woodward said in explaining his decision to make the move.
Game notes.
Oregon.
Washington opened the season with a game versus the Oregon Ducks at Autzen Stadium. It was the first time Washington opened the season with a conference opponent since 1998, when they defeated Arizona State, 42-38 in Tempe, Arizona. 
Oregon crushed the Huskies, 44-10. Washington averaged a mere 2.2 rushing yards per carry, and was held scoreless in the second half.
"We just couldn't run the ball," coach Tyrone Willingham said.
The win was the 5th straight for the Ducks against the Huskies, which marks the first time Oregon has accomplished that feat since the series began in 1900.
BYU.
The Huskies and Cougars met for the seventh time, with #15 BYU avoiding the upset in front of 64,611 fans at Husky Stadium. 
A late Washington rally fell short and the game ended in controversy. Quarterback Jake Locker scored on a 3-yard touchdown run with 2 seconds remaining in the game, cutting BYU's lead to 28-27. But Locker was flagged for unsportsmanlike conduct, and the extra point attempt was moved back 15 yards. The ensuing PAT try was blocked, BYU players rushed the field, and a chorus of boos rained down from the Husky faithful.
"After scoring the touchdown, the player threw the ball into the air and we are required, by rule, to assess a 15-yard unsportsmanlike conduct penalty," Referee Larry Farina said in a statement given to Washington officials. "It is a celebration rule that we are required to call. It was not a judgment call."
Cougar quarterback Max Hall had 339 yards passing and three touchdowns, including a 15-yarder to tight end Dennis Pitta with 3:31 left in the game.
Locker finished 17-for-32 passing for 204 yards and added 62 yards rushing on 18 carries. 
Washington safety Nate Williams had a game-high 13 tackles. He also put the hit on BYU tailback Harvey Unga that forced a touchdown-saving fumble that UW’s Tripper Johnson recovered in the end zone in the 4th quarter.
Oklahoma.
Oklahoma quarterback Sam Bradford completed 18 of 21 passes for 304 yards, matched his career high with five touchdown passes and ran for a sixth score to lead the Sooners in a rout against the overmatched Huskies, 55-14.
The Sooners scored their most points on the road against a school from a BCS conference since a 56-25 win at Texas Tech on November 22, 2003. They also handed Washington its largest margin of defeat at home since October 12, 1929, when it lost 48-0 to Southern California, a scant two weeks before the Wall Street Crash of 1929.
Washington lost three fumbles, missed two field goals and punted three times in the first half. The Huskies went into the locker room down 34-0 and didn't get on the board until Jake Locker scored on a 15-yard touchdown run with 5:37 remaining in the 3rd quarter.
Oklahoma, the highest-ranked nonconference team to visit Husky Stadium since 1969, gained 591 yards of total offense on the day.
Stanford.
Coach Tyrone Willingham’s Huskies not only fell to 0-4 overall and 0-2 in the Pacific-10 Conference with a 35-28 loss to Stanford, but they also lost quarterback Jake Locker for the rest of the season when he broke his right thumb during second quarter action while blocking downfield.
Stanford quarterback Tavita Pritchard, formerly of Clover Park High School, completed 16 of 24 passes for 224 yards and three touchdowns with no interceptions. 
The Huskies’ defense gave up 466 yards – and 244 of those came on the ground, despite Washington’s agreement all week that its top defensive priority was stopping the run.
The Huskies were already trailing 14-7 when Locker was hurt, and while replacement Ronnie Fouch injected some enthusiasm with some accurate passing, the Dawgs ultimately couldn't overcome another porous performance from its defense.
Just about the time Locker emerged from the locker room in the third quarter, Stanford's Anthony Kimble ran 83 yards for a touchdown with 9:35 left in the third quarter to put Stanford ahead 28-14, and all hope seemed to be gone.
Willingham opened his postgame news conference by saying it was "very difficult for me to stand before you...I felt like we could win the football game."
Arizona.
On a breezy night in the Tucson desert, Arizona wasted little time putting away the Huskies. Arizona took a 17-0 lead after the first quarter and never looked back.
Facing the nation's second-ranked defense, Washington struggled behind quarterback Ronnie Fouch, a redshirt freshman making his first college start. Fouch completed 12 of 28 passes for 181 yards and one touchdown, a 20-yarder to Michael Gottlieb midway through the fourth quarter. Fouch also threw an interception.
“We played a complete game on offense, defense and special teams,” Arizona coach Mike Stoops said. “We were very efficient and balanced. Our running backs were strong. (Quarterback) Willie Tuitama was excellent.”
It was the Huskies’ fifth loss of the season and seventh straight dating back to last season, giving the Dawgs the dubious distinction of having the longest losing streak in major college football.
Washington athletic director Scott Woodward met with reporters after the game to say that he stands by the position he has held all along — he does not intend to fire head coach Tyrone Willingham midseason.
"I stick with what I said last week," he said. "I told you last week that I was less happy than I was the week before. Well, I'm even less happy than I was. But we have seven games, and we are going to play those seven games and no, there is not going to be a change this week. We will look at the whole body of work of the season and assess it at the end of the season."
Oregon State.
Oregon State's James Rodgers zipped through Washington's defense for 216 all-purpose yards and three touchdowns as the Beavers won their fifth straight over Washington for the first time in the series' history.
James' brother, Jacquizz Rodgers, did his part too: 94 yards rushing on 20 carries and a touchdown.
The Beavers ran for 230 yards and the Huskies turned the ball over four times in front of a disappointed homecoming crowd at Husky Stadium. The biggest cheers of the night were for former Husky head coach Don James and the 1977 Washington team that won the Rose Bowl when they were honored on the field after the third quarter.
The Huskies dropped their eighth straight dating back to last season, tied with North Texas for the longest losing streak in the country. 
Washington took a rare lead on Jared Ballman's 45-yard field goal early in the first quarter. The Huskies had not led since the third quarter against BYU on September 6, and it was only their second lead of the entire season.
With under 3 minutes to go in the first quarter, Oregon State coach Mike Riley took a chance by going for it on fourth-and-1 at his own 43, and converted with Jacquizz Rodgers going for five yards. On the next play, the Beavers faked a dive to Jacquizz and handed instead to James Rodgers on a reverse, then watched him dash in front of the Beavers' bench for a 52-yard touchdown.
Later in the half, after Fouch was sacked and fumbled near midfield, James Rodgers struck again. Rodgers found space in the middle of Washington interior on a middle screen, then sprinted away from three Huskies for a 33-yard scoring pass to make it 17-3. 
The Huskies were 3 of 12 on 3rd down conversions.
Notre Dame.
Washington's offense, with redshirt freshman quarterback Ronnie Fouch making his third career start, did not cross midfield until 6 minutes remained in the game. The Huskies had just 51 total yards on 35 plays entering the fourth quarter. They had 5 yards passing at halftime, when the game was essentially over with Notre Dame up 17-0.
"I feel like we could have scored more, but we never want to embarrass a team," said Notre Dame wide receiver Golden Tate, who ran 21 yards for his first career touchdown on an end around in the opening quarter. "I think we let up once we had them 14-0."
Washington finished with 124 total yards against a defense that was allowing an average of 368 yards, 75th nationally.
"There was nothing that we did well tonight," a solemn Willingham said after the game.
USC.
Mark Sanchez completed 15 of 19 passes for 167 yards and two touchdowns to Patrick Turner before coming out early in the third quarter, and Southern California scored TDs on its first six possessions in a 56-0 rout of Washington.
USC led 42-0 at the half.
The win before a crowd of 80,216 at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum was the 42nd in the last 43 home games for the Trojans.
The victory was the most lopsided in the history of the 78-game series, surpassing USC's 48-0 triumph in 1929. The Trojans have won the last seven games between the teams, but their margin of victory was just six points in 2006 and three points last season.
Washington moved to the Trojans' 6-yard line early in the fourth quarter, but Chris Galippo intercepted a pass by Fouch on second-and-goal and returned it 50 yards to the Huskies' 49.
The Huskies would threaten again later, getting to the USC 25 before Drew McAllister's interception turned them away to preserve the shutout.
"It was exciting to see so many of our young guys get in and to hold onto the shutout there at the end," USC Head coach Pete Carroll said. "It's really a source of pride for everyone."
It was the Huskies' first shutout loss since falling to USC 38-0 in 2004, their worst loss since a 65-7 decision at Miami in 2001, and their worst shutout loss since a 58-0 beating at Oregon in 1973.
Arizona State.
Quarterback Rudy Carpenter rallied Arizona State with a pair of second half touchdowns to Michael Jones, and the Sun Devils kept their slim bowl hopes alive by pulling away for a 39-19 win over winless Washington on Saturday night in Seattle.
Washington opened the playbook in this game. The Huskies used reverses, direct snaps, and even a double pass that ended with quarterback Ronnie Fouch catching a second-quarter touchdown. 
With the game tied at 16 in the third quarter, Washington's Chris Stevens blocked a punt and the Huskies took over at the Arizona State 14. But the Sun Devils defense held the Huskies to a second consecutive field goal inside the 10-yard line, and while it gave Washington a 19-16 lead, it would be the last points the Huskies scored.
Carpenter quickly led the Sun Devils down the field, capped by his 6-yard toss to Jones in the back of the end zone to give Arizona State a 23-19 lead. On their next possession, Carpenter hit Jones on a 2-yard fade to push the advantage to 30-19.
Carpenter hit seven straight passes during the two decisive scoring drives. He finished 22 of 31 for 218 yards.
Washington was 4-15 on 3rd down conversions, and ran for a meager 52 yards, 39 of which came on a late 4th quarter carry, after the game had already been decided. 
Fouch finished 13 of 40 for 192 yards, with two interceptions.
The Huskies were held scoreless in the 4th quarter for the second consecutive game. The second half continues to be dreadful for the Dawgs: In the past 5 games, UW has managed to score a mere 27 second half points.
UCLA.
Huskies head coach Tyrone Willingham already had been fired from his position. On October 27, 2008, the University of Washington announced that he will not be retained as head coach after the completion of Washington's 2008 football season. Willingham becomes the third Washington coach to be fired (out of the last four) since Hall of Fame coach Don James resigned in 1993 because of pending NCAA and Pac-10 sanctions against his team where his players were determined to have "accepted substantial and illegal benefits under James, likely with his knowledge". 
UCLA coach Neuheisel had been fired in the summer of 2003 from the University of Washington in relation to his participation in a neighborhood pool for the 2003 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament and lies he told about his actions. The University of Washington had its probation extended for failing to monitor its football program. This was Neuheisel's first return to Husky Stadium following the firing. There was some booing, but not a significant amount. The Huskies had been on a winless streak all season, and were at 0-9.
The day was sunny and dry, so weather was not a factor as can often be the case in Seattle in November. Under the direction of quarterback Kevin Craft, the Bruins drove 80 yards in 12 plays. Running back Derrick Coleman rushed for a touchdown in the first half. In the second half, the Bruins launched a ninety-two yard drive. Backed up against the goal line, running back Kahlil Bell ran four straight times, and Craft followed with several key pass completions. UCLA finally scored on a run by Bell, taking the 24-7 lead.
Washington State.
On November 21, 2008, the 1-10 Washington State Cougars met the 0-10 Huskies in Pullman for the 101st Apple Cup. The media joked that the game was the "Crapple Cup" and "full of worms". The Huskies controlled the lead for much of the game, but the Cougars forced their way into overtime with a fourth-quarter field goal by kicker Nico Grasu. Grasu hit two more field goals in the two overtime periods to lead the Cougars to their second straight Apple Cup victory, and fourth win in the teams' last five meetings. The win was the Cougars' lone victory over a Football Bowl Subdivision team in 2008 and assured the Huskies' place at the bottom of the Pac-10 standings.
California.
The Bears' victory made their record at home perfect at 7-0 and made the Huskies the first 0-12 team in PAC-10 conference history and the only team in the country to finish the 2008 season without a victory. During the game Cal running back Jahvid Best set a school record for most rushing yards in a game at 311. The Huskies finished the season on a 14-game losing streak, as the team's last win had been against Cal at home in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18910761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910761" title="Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1938–1941">
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1938–1941

This is a list of members of the South Australian House of Assembly from 1938 to 1941, as elected at the 1938 state election:

</doc>
<doc id="18910771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910771" title="Super Sunday Show">
Super Sunday Show

The Super Sunday Show may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18910784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910784" title="Sandeggtind Peak">
Sandeggtind Peak

Sandeggtind Peak is a tall peak, standing 1 mi south of Sandho Heights on Sandegga Ridge in the Conrad Mountains, Queen Maud Land. Discovered and photographed by the Third German Antarctic Expedition (1938–1939), led by Capt. Alfred Ritscher. Mapped by Norway from air photos and surveys by NorAE, 1956–60, and named Sandeggtind (sand ridge peak).

</doc>
<doc id="18910785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910785" title="The Matt and Ramona Show">
The Matt and Ramona Show

The Matt and Ramona Show is a syndicated U.S. radio program hosted by Matt Harris and Ramona Holloway at radio station WLNK in Charlotte, North Carolina. The show is owned by Greater Media and runs live on over 60 nationwide affiliates from 3 to 7 PM ET.
The Matt and Ramona Show is designed for contemporary music stations with a mix of music and conversations targeting a 25 to 44 year old audience. Each hour contains two to three songs.
History.
In March 2000, Matt Harris teamed up with partner Ramona Holloway at WNVZ in Virginia Beach. The next year, The Matt and Ramona Show was launched on Charlotte’s WLNK. In the first two years, the team had gone from number eight to number one with age 25-54 adult demographic, doubling the average commercial rate in the time slot.
The Cast.
Matt.
Matt Harris was born in Doylestown, Pennsylvania and graduated from Lock Haven University. He has been on radio since 1983 and is a columnist for a parenting magazine called Little Ones. He has a wife, Amy, and a daughters, Addison and Avery.
Ramona.
Ramona Holloway was born in Oberlin, Ohio, but raised in Somerset, New Jersey. She attended Penn State University. Aside from The Matt and Ramona Show, Ramona also hosts "The Satisfied Life" along with Pam Stone and Sharon Decker.
Bandy.
Brent "Bandy" O'Brien is the executive producer of The Matt and Ramona Show. Bandy was born in Louisville, Kentucky and grew up in Cedar Falls, Iowa. His father is a preacher and his mother a teacher. A running joke on the show is Bandy's love of Disney.
Doc.
Kary "Doc" Bowser Jr. is the co-producer of The Matt and Ramona Show. Although born in Burlington, New Jersey, Bowser was raised in the South from the age of 4. Bowser was an intern with The Matt and Ramona Show before joining the show as a producer.
Wheezy.
Louise "Wheezy" Holloway is Ramona's mom. Louise is a retired school teacher and hosts the “Wide World of Wheezy” segment on The Matt and Ramona Show. A running gag on the show is Wheezy's cougar-like behavior.
Pete.
Pete "The Angry Pitbull" Kaliner was born in a West Islip, New York. He attended Winthrop University in Rock Hill, South Carolina. Kaliner has won several industry awards from the Associated Press and the Radio and Television News Directors Association of the Carolinas - which named him the 2006 North Carolina Journalist of the Year.
Awards.
The Matt and Ramona Show has twice been honored by the critics and readers of Creative Loafing newspaper as Charlotte's best afternoon show. Ramona was also named Charlotte’s Best Radio Personality by Charlotte Magazine in 2003 and 2008. Ramona also won the Gracie Award for radio comedy in 2009.
Features.
The Matt and Ramona Show offers 'themed days':

</doc>
<doc id="18910807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910807" title="Oaks, Pasadena, California">
Oaks, Pasadena, California

The Oaks is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California. It is bordered by Mountain Street to the north, Interstate 210 to the south, the El Molino Avenue to the east, and Los Robles Avenue to the west.
Education.
The Oaks is home to Madison Elementary School, and is also served by McKinley School, Pasadena High School and Muir High School.
Transportation.
The Oaks is served by Metro Local line 687 and Pasadena ARTS route 40.
Government.
The Oaks split between City Council District 3, represented by John J Kennedy, and District 5, represented by Victor Gordo.

</doc>
<doc id="18910821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910821" title="Gessner Peak">
Gessner Peak

Gessner Peak ( ) is, at , the highest peak of Storkvarvet Mountain, standing north of Habermehl Peak in the northeast part of the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was discovered by the Third German Antarctic Expedition (1938–1939), led by Captain Alfred Ritscher, and named for the manager of the German Hansa-Luftbild, an aerial photographic corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="18910841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910841" title="13 Faces of Death">
13 Faces of Death

13th Faces of Death was an album released by the death metal band Embalmer on October 13, 2006. It was the band's first and only full-length album. A number of songs, including "Rotten Body Fluids," "There Was Blood Everywhere," and "Into the Oven," were re-recorded for this full-length album.
Reviews were generally positive, such as one from CD Baby that claimed that 13 Faces Of Death is "guaranteed to peel back your face." 

</doc>
<doc id="18910845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910845" title="Robb Montgomery">
Robb Montgomery

Robb Montgomery is a international journalist based in Berlin Germany and is the author of the IREX Multimedia Education Center - a USAID-funded training facility in Tbilisi, Georgia built for mobile media production.
He is a former newspaper editor, and founder of a social network for journalists, Visual Editors. 
He recently developed the mobile reporting training, technology and workflows used by hundreds of Radio Free Europe (RFE/RL) reporters and correspondents. 
His media development experience includes authoring curriculum and practicum for editorial filmmaking, social media, writing for the Web, and mobile multimedia programs in Egypt, Georgia, and Bosnia.
He has taught visual editing to graduate students at the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University and currently contributes as a senior lecturer to the International Academy of Journalism Intajour in Hamburg. 
Montgomery has worked as an editor for the Chicago Sun-Times and the Chicago Tribune and led large-scale redesign projects at several publications including the Chicago Sun-Times, Leadership, and The San Francisco Examiner.
Early life.
Montgomery was born in Naperville, Illinois in 1964 and currently resides in Berlin, Germany. He began his career as a graphics journalist at the Fort Lauderdale Sun-Sentinel in 1990 after graduating from Eastern Illinois University with a degree in journalism. He held a number of editorial positions for newspapers in Florida and Illinois between 1990 and 2005.
Career.
Montgomery worked as a newspaper editor and designer from 1990 to 2005 and was a principal editor and the designer of Chicago's "Red Streak" newspaper that was published by the "Chicago Sun-Times" starting in October, 2002 as a competitor to the "Chicago Tribune"'s "RedEye" tabloid. 
As a visual editor, he led the 2003 redesign of the "Chicago Sun-Times" and the 2005 redesign of "The San Francisco Examiner".
In 2004, he founded Visual Editors, a non-profit that connects and provides educational resources for visual journalists worldwide. 
In 2005, he redesigned The Examiner newspaper for the San Francisco, Washington, D.C. and Baltimore metro markets.
Montgomery redesigned the business section for "The San Jose Mercury News" in early 2007.
Since 2007 he has worked with USAID-funded Media Development projects in Egypt and Georgia and developed and produced multimedia training and digital journalism workshops in more than 22 countries. 
He recently developed smartphone strategy, training and workflows for Radio Free Europe and Styria Media training their reporters around the world to deliver high quality multimedia from smartphones.
Montgomery is the author of the IREX S.M.A.R.T. Media Lab and mobile-first newsroom center in Tbilisi, Georgia.
He is currently working with "Intajour" (international Journalism Academy) of Hamburg as a professor teaching journalism fellows who report from developing nations where press freedoms are restricted.
Visual Editors.
Working as the group's CEO, Montgomery incorporated the Visual Editors social network in 2004 as a 501(c)(3) non-profit charity, positioning the site as an educational exchange for student and professional journalists working in the world's newsrooms. The charity is operated by a volunteer board of directors.
Journalism educator.
Since leaving the "Chicago Sun-Times" in 2005, Montgomery has worked as a journalism educator for U.S. and foreign media groups including the World Association of Newspapers, Egypt Media Development Group, Pennsylvania Newspaper Association, IFRA, INMA, in the U.S., Scandinavia, Asia, the Middle East, Canada and Eastern Europe. 

</doc>
<doc id="18910848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910848" title="Gneiskopf Peak">
Gneiskopf Peak

Gneiskopf Peak () is a peak high rising southwest of Mount Neustruyev at the southern end of the Südliche Petermann Range, in the Wohlthat Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was discovered and given the descriptive name Gneiskopf (gneiss peak) by the Third German Antarctic Expedition (1938–1939), led by Captain Alfred Ritscher.

</doc>
<doc id="18910864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910864" title="Dan Ellis (cyclist)">
Dan Ellis (cyclist)

Daniel Ellis (born Albury, New South Wales, 7 October 1988) is an Australian sprint cyclist. He was part of the Australian team that won the team sprint at the 2007 World Cup in Sydney. He is an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder. 
Ellis was selected as a team member representing Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, with Ryan Bayley and Mark French. They qualified for the final ride-off for the bronze medal. After a strong start, they faded and finished fourth, missing a medal by 0.008 second. 
Ellis began competitive cycling at age 10. He attended Dickson College in Canberra.
As of July 2010 Ellis lives in Seaton, South Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18910888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910888" title="Sloknuten Peak">
Sloknuten Peak

Sloknuten Peak ()
A peak, 2,765 m, rising just SW of Slokstallen Mountain in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains, Queen Maud Land. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60) and named Sloknuten (the millrace peak).

</doc>
<doc id="18910890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910890" title="Olive Heights, Pasadena, California">
Olive Heights, Pasadena, California

Olive Heights is the most densely populated neighborhood in Pasadena, California.It is bordered by Mountain Street to the north, Walnut Street to the south, El Molino Avenue to the west, and Lake Avenue to the east.
Education.
Olive Heights is served by Madison, Jefferson, and McKinley Elementary Schools; Washington, Eliot, and McKinley Middle Schools; Muir High School and Pasadena High School
Transportation.
The Metro Gold Line has a stop on Lake Avenue at Interstate 210. Olive Heights is also served by Metro Local lines 180 and 485; and Pasadena ARTS route 40.
Government.
Olive Heights is part of City Council District 3, represented by Chris Holden, and District 5, represented by Victor Gordo.

</doc>
<doc id="18910896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910896" title="Conway Twitty discography">
Conway Twitty discography

This is a detailed discography for American country music singer Conway Twitty.

</doc>
<doc id="18910904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910904" title="Breplogen Mountain">
Breplogen Mountain

Breplogen Mountain () is a broad mountain, high, which is ice covered except on its north and east sides, standing west of Austreskorve Glacier in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land.
Discovery and naming.
Breplogen Mountain was plotted from surveys and from air photos by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60) and named Breplogen (the "glacier plough").

</doc>
<doc id="18910910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910910" title="Jeff Zaun">
Jeff Zaun

Jeff Zaun (born April 2, 1971 in Orange, New Jersey) is a retired American soccer defender who is currently an assistant coach with the Rutgers University men’s soccer team. He played professionally in Major League Soccer, USISL and the USL A-League and coached one season in the USL A-League.
Playing career.
Early career.
Zaun played soccer at Holy Cross High School where he was a 1986 and 1987 New Jersey first team All State player. He finished high school at Shawnee High School where he was the 1988 New Jersey Player of the Year. Shawnee won the Group 4 NJ State Championship that season and finished as the #1 ranked team in New Jersey. In 1999, he was named by "The Star-Ledger" as one of the top ten New Jersey high school soccer players of the 1980s. He was also named as one of the top ten South Jersey high school players on the All Century team by the Philadelphia Inquirer. His 1988 Shawnee team was named the top high school team of the century by the Philadelphia Inquirer as well.
He then attended Rutgers University where he played on the men’s soccer team from 1989 to 1993 where he played in two Final Fours and four NCAA tournaments. In 1990, Zaun moved from center midfield to sweeper after starting sweeper Alexi Lalas was diagnosed with an abscessed appendix. That year, Rutgers went to the NCAA Men's Soccer Championship where it finished runner-up to UCLA. Rutgers inducted Zaun into its Hall of Fame in 2006.
Club career.
Zaun began his professional career with the expansion North Jersey Imperials of the USISL in 1994. On February 6, 1996, the MetroStars selected Zaun in the 4th round (39th overall) of the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. He spent three seasons in New Jersey, but saw time in only four games in 1998 due to injuries in his final season. The MetroStars waived Zaun on February 25, 1999. On March 1, 1999, the Chicago Fire claimed Zaun off the waiver list. After playing with the Fire for part of one season Zaun moved on to play and coach for the Lehigh Valley Steam of the USL A-League. The Steam qualified for the playoffs in their inaugural season. Zaun retired after that season and began his coaching career.
Managerial career.
After graduating from Rutgers in 1994, Zaun briefly coached as an assistant with Drew University. He returned to coaching in 1999 when he was a player-coach with the Lehigh Valley Steam of the USL A-League. Following his retirement from playing professionally, Zaun joined the Rutgers University soccer team as an assistant coach then moved up to Associate Head Coach since 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18910925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910925" title="Risemedet Mountain">
Risemedet Mountain

Risemedet Mountain () is a large mountain, 2,705 m, marking the eastern end of the Gjelsvik Mountains in Queen Maud Land. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60) and named Risemedet (the giant landmark).

</doc>
<doc id="18910928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910928" title="Río Tercero explosion">
Río Tercero explosion

The Río Tercero explosion was a blast in Río Tercero, Córdoba, Argentina, on November 3, 1995 that happened at a munitions factory and killed seven people.
On that date, a munitions plant in Río Tercero exploded, killing seven people and injuring more than 300. The town was devastated by the explosion. The blast was initially ruled an accident, but subsequent investigations revealed that the explosion was deliberately planned. According to prosecutors, the plant was destroyed to hide missing military equipment relating to illegal arms sales from Argentina to Croatia and Ecuador, which took place from 1991 to 1995.
In August 2008, former Argentine President Carlos Menem was placed under investigation for his role in the blast.

</doc>
<doc id="18910963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910963" title="Nicholas Bozon">
Nicholas Bozon

Nicholas Bozon ("fl. c." 1320), or "Nicole Bozon", was an Anglo-Norman writer and Franciscan friar. He spent most of his life in the East Midlands and East Anglia. 
Nicholas may have belonged to the Bozon family of Norfolk. He may have studied at Oxford University. He was, by his own admission, "del ordre de freres menours" ("of the order of the Friars Minor"), and probably associated with the Nottingham friary, since he refers in his own writings to the Trent and Derwent rivers. He specifically calls himself "ordenours", probably indicating the privilege of granting absolution. 
Most of Nicholas' literary works can be classified as allegories, Marian poems, saints' lives, and sermons, all in verse. His allegories include the "Char d'orgueil" and the "Passion", a soteriological allegory, which depicts Christ as a knight in love who, dressed in the coat-of-arms of his squire Adam, fights Belial in order to rescue his lover, Humanity. He also wrote a satire of corruption, the "Plainte d'amour", perhaps inspired by the papal bull "Exivi de paradiso" (1312). His most famous work, the aptly titled "Contes moralisés" ("Moralising Tales"), probably composed sometime after 1320, is a collection of "exempla", probably for use in sermons. It includes fables, contemporary anecdotes, and facts taken from bestiaries. The tales have been much appreciated for their worldly curiosity and "down-to-earth attitude". Though Nicholas' only language of writing is Anglo-Norman, he does quote some Middle English proverbs and use some English words (e.g. "wapentak"). 
The poem "De bonne femme la bounté" has been ascribed to Nicholas, but not definitively. 

</doc>
<doc id="18910973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910973" title="Orange Heights, Pasadena, California">
Orange Heights, Pasadena, California

Orange Heights is a neighborhood in Pasadena, California. It is bordered by Jackson Street to the North, Mountain Street to the south, Los Robles Avenue to the west, and El Molino Avenue to the east.
Education.
Orange Heights is served by Longfellow Elementary School, Eliot Middle School, and Pasadena High School.
Transportation.
Orange Heights is served by Metro Local routes 268 and 687, as well as Pasadena ARTS routes 31 and 32.
Government.
Orange Heights is part of City Council District 3, represented by John J Kennedy, and District 5, represented by Victor Gordo.

</doc>
<doc id="18910989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18910989" title="Borg Massif">
Borg Massif

Borg Massif is a spectacular mountain massif, about long and with summits above , situated along the northwest side of the Penck Trough in Queen Maud Land, East Antarctica. The tallest peak, at , is Hogsaetet Mountain. The parallel, ice-filled Raudberg Valley and Frostlendet Valley trend northeastward through the massif, dividing its summits into three rough groups:
Discovery and naming.
The feature was photographed from the air by the Third German Antarctic Expedition (1938–1939), led by Captain Alfred Ritscher, but was not correctly shown on the maps by the expedition. It was mapped in detail by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian–British–Swedish Antarctic Expedition (1949–1952), led by John Schjelderup Giæver. It was remapped by air photos taken by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1958–1959). They named it "Borgmassivet" (the castle massif) in association with Borg Mountain, its most prominent feature.

</doc>
<doc id="18911002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911002" title="Ureteritis">
Ureteritis

Ureteritis refers to a medical condition of the ureter that involves inflammation.
One form is known as "ureteritis cystica".
Eosinophilic ureteritis has been observed.
Ureteritis is often considered part of a urinary tract infection.

</doc>
<doc id="18911005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911005" title="List of communities in Kings County, Nova Scotia">
List of communities in Kings County, Nova Scotia

This list of communities in Kings County, Nova Scotia is ordered by the highways upon which the communities are located. All routes start with the terminus located near the largest community.

</doc>
<doc id="18911008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911008" title="Nollaig Ó Gadhra">
Nollaig Ó Gadhra

Nollaig Ó Gadhra (; 16 December 1943 – 13 August 2008) was an Irish-language activist, journalist and historian in Ireland. He was president of Conradh na Gaeilge from 2004 to 2005. He was also a founding member of Teilifís na Gaeilge.
Early life.
Ó Gadhra was born on a family farm in Feenagh, County Limerick in 1943. His parents had returned to Ireland from the United States. He attended the Feenagh primary school before enrolling at the Scoil Mhuire secondary school in Dromcollogher and De La Salle residential school in Waterford.
Ó Gadhra studied at University College Cork, where he graduated with a bachelor's degree in Irish and History in 1966. He also earned a teaching diploma from UCC as well.
Career.
Ó Gadhra relocated to Dublin following his graduation where he began reporting as a journalist for both broadcast and print media. He began working for as a reporter for the Irish language publication, "Inniu" in 1966. He also began working as a presenter and television producer at RTÉ's Irish language current affairs division. He moved to the United States for a few years, settling in Boston, where he briefly attended Harvard University.
He took a position as an information officer with Gaeltarra Éireann from 1970 until 1972. He then left and became a publicity manager for Ireland West Tourism, based in Galway, until 1974. He and his family relocated from Dublin to County Galway during this time period.
In 1974, Ó Gadhra became a lecturer of journalism, Irish language, communications, European studies and modern history at Galway Regional Technical College (now Galway-Mayo Institute of Technology. He continued to lecture at GMIT for the remainder of his career.
He was a founding member of Teilifís na Gaeilge in 1994, an Irish-language television station now known as TG4. He contributed to news and current affairs programs on TG4, including "Seacht Lá". Ó Gadhra also continued to work as a correspondent for newspapers and magazines throughout Ireland including the "Limerick Leader".
He authored several important academic works, including biographies of Edmund Ignatius Rice, Mahatma Gandhi, Mayor of Chicago Richard J. Daley and John Boyle O'Reilly, many of which were written in Irish. Ó Gadhra's Irish-language biography of Richard Daley is considered to be one of the most thorough and comprehensive biographies ever written in the language, according to the current president of Conradh na Gaeilge, Daithí Mac Carthaigh. He also wrote a landmark book on the First Dáil which is regarded by some as an authoritative history on the subject.
For years, he was one of the only authors who contributed works to Irish language literary genre. Much of his journalistic writings, short stories, poems and books were written exclusively in Irish, before later being translated into English.
Death.
Ó Gadhra died on 13 August 2008, at the age of 64 at his home in Furbo, in Connemara. He had reportedly been ill for some time before his death. His funeral mass was held at Furbo Parish Church. He was survived by his wife, Mairín, and three children, Mairin, Daithí and Siobhán.
Taoiseach Brian Cowen paid tribute to Ó Gadhra saying, "He was a proud Irishman who always stood strong on behalf of Irish culture. He was also an eminent historian who contributed much to our understanding of modern Ireland." Minister for Community, Rural and Gaeltacht Affairs Éamon Ó Cuív also reacted, "I had known Nollaig for many years, was in regular contact with him. He was always ready to share his knowledge and his ideas."

</doc>
<doc id="18911009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911009" title="Terningen Peak">
Terningen Peak

Terningen Peak ()
A small rock peak, 2,680 m, marking the summit of Terningskarvet Mountain in the Gjelsvik Mountains, Queen Maud Land. Photographed from the air by the Third German Antarctic Expedition (1938–1939), led by Capt. Alfred Ritscher. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–1952), led by John Schjelderup Giæver, and later by air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59) and named Terningen (the die).

</doc>
<doc id="18911019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911019" title="Mount Krüger">
Mount Krüger

Mount Krüger, or Krügerfjellet (), is a mountain standing southwest of Kvithø Peak in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. The summit of Krüger is the highest point in the Sverdrup Mtns. 
Discovery and naming.
Mount Krüger was discovered by the Third German Antarctic Expedition (1938–1939), led by Captain Alfred Ritscher, and named for Walter Krüger, a meteorological assistant on the expedition. It was surveyed by the Norwegian–British–Swedish Antarctic Expedition (1949–1952), led by John Schjelderup Giæver.

</doc>
<doc id="18911022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911022" title="Miao Miao">
Miao Miao

Miao Miao () (born 14 January 1981, Tianjin, China) is an Australian table tennis player who represented Australia at the Sydney, Athens, Beijing and London Olympic Games. Her best Olympic result was the quarter finals of the doubles tournament in Sydney. At the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, she won a silver medal in the teams competition and a bronze medal in the doubles with Jian Fang Lay. Her parents immigrated to Poland when she was a child, and later to Australia. She is the highest ranked Australian table tennis player at the time of the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Virtually unknown in Australia she is well known in China.
Miao Miao is a right-handed, fast attack shakehand player (Height: 1.62 m). She is coached by her father Miao Cang Sheng （苗仓生）who was a well known coach in China but then became the coach of the Polish women table tennis team in 1994. Miao Miao became the Polish women doubles champion in 1996. Miao Miao migrated to Australia with her father in 1997. She was a 15 year adolescent when she first arrived in Australia but then quickly established her as one of top table tennis players in Australia. Miao became Australian junior champion in singles, doubles and mixed doubles and Australian senior singles champion as well as winning a series of other events both in Australia and abroad. She also has the rare distinction of representing Australia at four successive Olympic games in 2000, 2004, 2008 and 2012.
Miao Miao is clearly of good sports lineage. Her father was a good table tennis player and coach, and her mother represented China in sprinting. Miao speaks three languages, Chinese, English and Polish, and she enjoys playing table tennis. She is one of the most successful Australian table tennis players

</doc>
<doc id="18911053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911053" title="Liliane">
Liliane

Liliane is a given name for women, most often used where French is spoken, a variant of Lillian and Lily, associated with the flower name Lily, genus Lilium.

</doc>
<doc id="18911055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911055" title="Mount Dallmann">
Mount Dallmann

Mount Dallmann is a bold mountain, high, east of the northern portion of the Conrad Mountains, in the Orvin Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was discovered by the Third German Antarctic Expedition (1938–1939), led by Captain Alfred Ritscher, and named for Eduard Dallmann, a German whaling captain who explored along the west coast of the Antarctic Peninsula in 1873–1874. Dallmann was the first person to navigate under the German flag in Antarctic waters.

</doc>
<doc id="18911064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911064" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 369">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 369

United Nations Security Council Resolution 369, adopted on May 28, 1975, expressed concern over the prevailing state of tension in the Middle East and reaffirmed that the two previous agreements on disengagements of forces were only a step towards the implementation of resolution 338. The resolution then decided to call upon the parties concerned to immediately implement resolution 338, renewed the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force for another 6 months and requested the Secretary-General submit a report on the situation at the end of those 6 months.
The resolution was adopted by 13 votes; China and Iraq did not participate in the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="18911094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911094" title="Yin yoga">
Yin yoga

Yin Yoga is a slow-paced style of yoga with postures or asanas that are held for longer periods of time—five minutes or longer per pose is typical. It originates in China and was first taught in the United States in the late 1970s by martial arts expert and Taoist yoga teacher Paulie Zink. Yin-style yoga is now being taught across North America and in Europe, due in large part to the widespread teaching activities of Yin Yoga teachers and developers Paul Grilley and Sarah Powers.
Yin Yoga poses apply moderate stress to the connective tissues—the tendons, fascia, and ligaments—with the aim of increasing circulation in the joints and improving flexibility. Yin Yoga poses are also designed to improve the flow of "qi", the subtle energy said in Chinese medicine to run through the meridian pathways of the body. Improved flow of "qi" is hypothesized to improve organ health, immunity, and emotional well-being. Yin Yoga as taught by Paul Grilley and Sarah Powers is not intended as a complete practice in itself, but rather as a complementary practice to balance the effects of more active forms of yoga and exercise. Paulie Zink's approach includes the full range of Daoist yoga and is intended to be a complete practice in itself. Sarah Powers has developed a system called Insight Yoga which features both Yin poses and more active Yang poses.
History.
The practice of holding yoga poses or asanas for long periods of time has always been a significant part of traditional yoga practice, both in the Hatha yoga tradition of India and in the Taoist yoga tradition of the greater China area. Some regard Yin yoga is the oldest form of Hatha yoga, since it is an effective method of physical conditioning for prolonged meditation, which was the principal concern of ancient yogic practitioners. Contemporary schools of hatha yoga have also advocated holding some poses for relatively long periods of time. For example, BKS Iyengar recommends holding the Supta Virasana asana (reclining hero pose) for 10–15 minutes. For that matter, long-held stretches have been and are commonly recommended in other physical disciplines, such as gymnastics and dance, to increase flexibility. It is traditional for ballerinas, for example, to open their hips by approximating the splits position for long periods of time.
Taoist yoga practices from China also included yin-style poses in the Taoist system of “Internal Alchemy”—practiced for the purpose of improving health and longevity.Techniques for stretching of this type have been practiced for centuries in China and Taiwan as part of Daoist Yoga, which was sometimes known as Dao Yin. Taoist priests taught long-held poses, along with breathing techniques, to Kung Fu practitioners beginning 2000 years ago, to help them fully develop their martial arts skills. What later came to be known as Yin Yoga, in which a series of long-held poses are performed one after the other, was introduced in North America in the late 1970s by Paulie Zink, a martial arts champion and Taoist yoga teacher.
Zink began studying Kung Fu as a teenager and after five years of training was chosen as a student by Cho Chat Ling, a Kung-Fu and Qigong master from Hong Kong. Cho Chat Ling was a master of a style known as "Tai shing pek kwar," which combines three different disciplines of Monkey Kung Fu. (In Kung Fu, the movements of animals are closely studied and emulated, inspiring many of the movements taught in Kung Fu, and also giving rise to different schools within the discipline.) In time, the master Cho decided to train Zink as his protégé and successor. For ten years, in daily classes lasting six to eight hours, he instructed Zink in Kung-Fu and Taoist yoga, in roughly equal proportions. At the end of the decade, Cho Chat Ling formally recognized Zink as a master in his own right, and asked him to take part in martial arts competitions. Zink entered the Long Beach International Karate Championships in 1981, 1982 and 1983 and won Grand Champion in the weapons forms category in all three years, and was also Grand Champion in the “empty hands” category in two of those years. Black Belt magazine named him Kung Fu artist of the year in 1989. Noted in the Kung Fu community for his achievement of exceptional personal flexibility, Zink also emphasized flexibility training in his martial arts classes as a method to develop agility, power and endurance.
In the late 70’s, Zink began, separate from his martial arts classes, to teach a synthesis of Hatha Yoga with a full range of disciplines from Daoist Yoga, as well as postures, movements and insights that he had developed himself. This later became known as Yin Yoga. Paul Grilley, a yoga teacher then living in California, who later became a major proponent of Yin Yoga, first saw Paulie Zink on a public access television talk show in 1988, performing a demonstration of Taoist yoga practices that he used in teaching martial arts. Impressed by both his skillfulness in yoga and his gentle, restrained manner, devoid of the arrogance he had observed in other martial artists, he sought Zink out in 1988 and studied with him for about one year. Paulie Zink, even more than his master, was convinced of the effectiveness of holding yoga poses for long periods of time in order to improve flexibility. The poses Zink taught were sometimes similar, but often different from the poses known in Indian hatha yoga. Zink also included “yang”-style yoga in his classes—poses involving more movement and strength.
In 1989, Grilley met Hiroshi Motoyama, a Japanese scholar and yoga adept, who was researching the physiology of Traditional Chinese Medicine. Motoyama was especially interested in physiology of the meridians, or subtle pathways and vessels, and the "qi" or subtle energy hypothesized to flow through or get stored in them. These are both fundamental concepts in Chinese medicine and acupuncture. He related these to the parallel concepts of the "nadi" pathways and "chakras" of Indian yoga, and the "prana" said to be carried within them. He theorized that the connective tissues—the tendons, ligaments and fascia—are especially rich in these meridian pathways.
Grilley, who had previously been teaching yoga classes for seven years, now began to teach the long held poses he had learned from Zink, informed by his earlier study of anatomy with Garry Parker and the theories of Motoyama. He taught—as had Paulie Zink earlier—that the long-held Yin Yoga poses, which stress the connective tissues, would in addition to improving flexibility, gently stimulate the flow of "qi" in the meridian pathways, which would in turn nourish the organs and the whole body. Grilley at first called it Taoist yoga, in deference to the term Paulie Zink had used. Then one of Grilley’s students, Sarah Powers, a nationally-known US yoga teacher, also began teaching yoga in Grilley’s style, and decided to call it Yin Yoga in order to differentiate it from the various styles of Taoist yoga available. Grilley and Zink also soon adopted this name.
Sarah Powers traveled widely teaching Yin Yoga, and when her students asked for more information, she would refer them to Paul Grilley, who began receiving requests to travel and offer seminars. Paulie Zink continued teaching Yin Yoga in his own style, combined with other elements of Taoist yoga. Sarah Powers incorporated Buddhist psychology and meditation in her teaching of Yin Yoga. Grilley and Powers began offering Yin Yoga teacher training courses, as did Paulie Zink. Over the next 10 years, Yin Yoga became available all over North America and in Europe, though yoga classes, and via DVD’s and books. In 2002, Grilley published the book, “Yin Yoga: A Quiet Practice” (and in 2012 a revised edition titled, Yin Yoga Principles and Practice). In 2008, Sarah Powers published the book, “Insight Yoga,” which features Yin Yoga along with principles of Chinese medicine and more active (or yang) yoga sequences that she says are complementary to Yin Yoga poses. Both Grilley and Powers have also released instructional DVD's on Yin Yoga, as has Paulie Zink. Grilley and others credit Sarah Powers with the widespread practice of Yin Yoga today.
Principles.
Yin Yoga is based on the Taoist concept of yin and yang, opposite and complementary principles in nature. Yin could be described as stable, immobile, feminine, passive, cold, and downward moving. Yang is understood to be changing, mobile, masculine, active, hot, and upward moving. The sun is considered Yang, the moon Yin. In the body, the relatively stiff connective tissues (tendons, ligaments, fascia) are yin, while the more mobile and pliable muscles and blood are yang. More passive asanas in yoga are considered yin, whereas the more active, dynamic asanas are yang, because they stimulate the muscles and generate heat.
Sarah Powers and her colleagues say that Yin Yoga is most effective when more active forms of yoga or exercise are also practiced, either immediately before or after a Yin session, or separately.
Yin Yoga sessions as taught by Paul Grilley and Sarah Powers consist of a series of long-held, passive floor poses that mainly work the lower part of the body—the hips, pelvis, inner thighs, lower spine. These areas are especially rich in connective tissues, the systematic loading of which (yin yoga teachers avoid the word “stretching”) is a main focus in this style of yoga. However, Paulie Zink's approach to Yin offers a wider range of postures, including ones that work the upper body.
In a Yin Yoga class, the poses are held for up to five minutes and possibly longer. This is done, said Paulie Zink, to gently stress the connective tissue, which tend to get stiff and immobile with age. Zink originally learned to stretch for long periods as part of his martial arts training. In time, this practice is said to make the joints more elastic. Paul Grilley compares Yin Yoga practice to “joint rehabilitation,” and says that working the joints in this way acts as a preventive health technique, that it makes the joints and their core components stronger and more durable, parallel to the way in which aerobic exercise strengthens the cardiovascular system.
The second reason for loading the connective tissues is to stimulate the flow of "qi" or “life force” in much the same way as would occur in an acupuncture session. Yin Yoga employs specific sequences of poses geared toward stimulating particular energy channels (known as meridians in Chinese medicine, or nadis in Indian yoga), which are said to revitalize particular organ systems, for example, the kidneys, or the liver. This, in turn, is said to strengthen the immune system and enhance emotional well-being.
Although Yin Yoga poses or asanas closely resemble many of the asanas of Indian hatha yoga, they are performed differently, and have different names, in part to alert those who are familiar with similar poses in hatha yoga not to perform them the same way. For example, in the Cobra or "Bhujangasana" of hatha yoga, the practitioner lies prone and lifts the chest, curving the spine in an arc, reaching the legs back strongly. However in Yin Yoga, in the similar Seal pose, the legs are relaxed, and the upward movement of the trunk is entirely supported by the arms.
Paulie Zink's classes are quite different from the Yin Yoga taught by Grilley and Powers, in that he offers the full range of Taoist yoga practices, including poses and movements related to the five elements (see Facets of Yin Yoga below). 
There are four main tenets in practicing Yin Yoga: 1) “Find an appropriate edge”: The practitioner moves slowly and gently into the pose, and looks for an appropriate amount of intensity, never stretching so far as to cause pain; 2) Stillness: the practitioner should consciously try to release into the pose, and to remain still, without shifting position; 3) Hold the position: Sarah Powers recommends that beginning practitioners hold for 1 to 3 minutes, and advanced practitioners five minutes or more. (It is advisable to use a timer so one can relax, unconcerned about the time); 4) Release with care.
In keeping with its roots in Taoist yoga, Paulie Zink says that Yin has a deeper level: to “open the heart and “invoke the primal self.”
Facets of Yin Yoga.
Yin yoga as taught by Paulie Zink encompasses the following components:
Yin yoga: Mostly sitting or lying postures for promoting growth, clearing energetic blockages, and enhancing circulation.
Yang Yoga: More strenuous postures for developing core strength and muscle tone, balance, and stamina.
Taoist Flow yoga: This includes both Yin and Yang yoga postures practiced in continuous, smooth and circular motions. The technique of transition from pose to pose is integral to the practice.
Chi Kung: These exercises involve simple and gentle movement and breathing techniques.
Taoist alchemy: The principles of Taoist Alchemy are based upon the Taoist theory of the five elements that is used in Chinese medicine. As it is applied to Yin yoga, Taoist Alchemy is a method of embodying the energetic attributes of various animals and enlivening the five alchemical elements believed to be contained in the body’s energetic field. The five transforming energies of Earth, Metal, Water, Wood, and Fire animate distinct qualities in the body such as calm, strength, fluidity, springiness and lightness, respectively.
Physiology of Yin Yoga.
Yin yoga targets connective tissue, specifically ligaments and tendons in the joints and spine. Over time, practice of Yin yoga can lengthen these tissues, increasing range of motion. To give an idea of the role that connective tissue plays in determining range of motion: muscles account for about forty percent of the resistance against the body's flexibility, while connective tissue accounts for about fifty percent. The intensity and physical benefits of the practice depend on two variables: duration of the asana, and the temperature of the muscle.
Influence on biochemistry and the meridians.
According to the research of Hiroshi Motoyama and James Oschman, loading the connective tissue during yin or yang yoga stimulates fibroblasts to produce more hyaluronic acid (HA). Motoyama and Oschman say that HA may be the key to understanding the acupuncture meridian system. They explain that HA is a primary component of synovial fluid, and has the property of strongly attracting water, a good electrical conductor. If the theory is correct, it would explain why, by stimulating the production of HA, Yin Yoga strengthens both the body’s meridian system and the joints.
Duration of Asana.
In order to lengthen the connective tissue, the practitioner holds an asana, engaging in static stretching. This applies stress, in the form of tension, to the muscle and connective tissue in the targeted region. The muscle, more elastic than the connective tissue, responds immediately, lengthening to its limit. When the muscle is fully stretched, the stress reaches the connective tissue, which is not elastic and does not immediately lengthen. In order to affect the connective tissue, stress must be applied for several minutes at a time. In Yin yoga, asanas are usually held for three to five minutes, but can be held for as long as twenty minutes. Because of the long duration of asanas, patience is another of the key values cultivated in the practice of Yin yoga.
Temperature of Muscle.
If the muscles are cold, they will be less elastic, and more stress will be transferred to the connective tissue. For this reason, it is recommended that Yin yoga be practiced when the muscles are not yet warmed up. However, this is a general rule and for some people, it is better to stay a bit warm while practicing. Because this style of yoga does not generate bodily heat, it is good to keep the temperature of the room a little higher than usual.
Yin Asanas.
Yin yoga is almost entirely passive, although some Yin asanas contain some Yang elements. During the asanas, muscles are relaxed to avoid tetany, or muscle spasm, which could result from engaging muscles for long periods. Yin yoga as taught by Paulie Zink includes more than a hundred asanas; however, Paul Grilley, Sarah Powers and teachers taught by them put much less emphasis on variety, teaching in the range of 18 - 24 postures.

</doc>
<doc id="18911125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911125" title="WTX">
WTX

WTX can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18911127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911127" title="Boombastic (song)">
Boombastic (song)

"Boombastic" is the second single released by Jamaican rapper Shaggy from his third studio album, "Boombastic". Released in June 1995, the single achieved huge success in many countries, including Ireland, UK, Sweden, New Zealand, Australia and many Middle East countries where it topped the singles charts. It spent a week at number one on the U.S. "Billboard" R&B chart, and a similar stint atop the UK Singles Chart. It also reached number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100. A remix featuring Sting International features a sample of Marvin Gaye's "Let's Get It On." The latter is featured on some versions of the "Boombastic" album as a bonus track. Boombastic gained popularity after being featured in a popular Levi's television commercial. The song was featured in the films "Barnyard", "Mr. Bean's Holiday", "George of the Jungle", and "The Wild Thornberrys Movie".

</doc>
<doc id="18911136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911136" title="Rich McKinney">
Rich McKinney

Charles Richard "Rich" McKinney (born November 22, 1946) is a former professional baseball player. He played all or part of seven seasons in Major League Baseball between and . Originally an infielder when he came up with the Chicago White Sox, he became more of a utility player as his career progressed.
Chicago White Sox.
After playing college baseball at Ohio University, McKinney was selected in the first round (14th overall) of the 1968 Major League Baseball Draft by the Chicago White Sox. He was assigned to the Double-A Evansville White Sox, and batted .261 with seven home runs and 37 runs batted in over 86 games at shortstop.
The following season, McKinney spent most of the year injured. He split the 1969 season between the Double-A Columbus White Sox and the Triple-A Tucson Toros, playing just 11 games at each level. While at Columbus, he played in the outfield for the first time in his professional career, appearing in six games there.
McKinney started the 1970 season with Tucson, where he batted .303 with six home runs and 41 RBIs in 62 games. He was called up to the major league White Sox in June, making his debut on June 26 against the Minnesota Twins. Despite never having played the position professionally, he started the game at third base, handling both chances he had without incident. He scored his first major league run in the second after reaching on a César Tovar error, and got his first major league hit off Jim Kaat in the fifth inning.
He hit his first major league home run on September 21 off the Kansas City Royals' Jim York, and proceeded to hit home runs in his next three games to finish the season with four. He finished the year batting just .168 against major league pitching while splitting his time between third base and shortstop.
McKinney had a career year for the White Sox in , setting career highs in many categories including batting average (.271), home runs (8) and RBIs (46). Overall, he played in 114 games, mostly at second base and in right field. Following the season, McKinney was traded to the New York Yankees in exchange for pitcher Stan Bahnsen.
New York Yankees.
Almost immediately after the Yankees acquired him, McKinney suffered second-degree burns at a beach party in Puerto Rico. From there, things only got worse. He began the season as the Yankees regular third baseman, but was unable to handle the "hot corner," committing a record tying four errors in a 11-7 loss to the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park. After batting .216 with one home run and five RBIs through May, he lost his starting job to rookie Celerino Sánchez. He was demoted to the Triple-A Syracuse Chiefs, where he batted .299 with sixteen home runs and 53 RBIs to earn a second chance with the Yankees that September, compiling two hits in ten at bats upon his return.
On November 24, 1972, the Oakland Athletics sent Matty Alou to the Yankees for Rob Gardner and a player to be named later. A month later, the Yankees sent McKinney to the A's to complete the deal.
Oakland A's.
McKinney started the year with Oakland, where he was mostly used as a pinch hitter. He was demoted to the Toros, which were now an A's farm club, in late July, but returned to the majors in September. He finished the year batting .246 in 48 games.
Over the next two seasons, McKinney spent most of his time with Tucson, where he was converted into a full-time outfielder. Although he batted .285 in and .297 in , he played just 5 and 8 games in the majors respectively during those seasons. He spent the entire 1976 season with Tucson, batting .317 with career highs in home runs (22) and RBI (95), but did not get a call to the majors.
McKinney was given one last shot in when the A's, with Charlie Finley having traded off most of their stars, turned him into a first baseman, although he also played 18 games at DH. He spent nearly the entire season in Oakland, with only a brief demotion to the San Jose Missions in late June. While McKinney finally began hitting with some power, with 6 home runs in just 189 at bats, his batting average sunk to .177, and his major league career was over.

</doc>
<doc id="18911151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911151" title="Emma Moffatt">
Emma Moffatt

Emma Moffatt (born 7 September 1984) is an Australian professional triathlete. She won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, and won the gold at the ITU Triathlon World Championships in 2009 and 2010. She was born in Moree, New South Wales, and was raised in the northern New South Wales town of Woolgoolga. From a young age she participated in such sports as cross country, athletics and surf lifesaving. In her early teens Emma began to participate successfully in triathlon. Each of her three siblings and parents also competed in triathlon, while her elder sister Nicole was a champion Ironwoman in surf lifesaving. She is an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder.
Moffatt gained selection with the Australian Olympic Committee to compete in the London 2012 Olympics. The event was held in and around Hyde Park, with the swim being held in the Serpentine. She came second in the 10 km run of the Gold Coast Marathon-event on 1 July 2012 in Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia finishing behind Lisa Jane Weightman.

</doc>
<doc id="18911153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911153" title="FAM123B">
FAM123B

FAM123B is a human gene.
It has been associated with Wilms tumor.

</doc>
<doc id="18911154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911154" title="Good Old Arsenal">
Good Old Arsenal

"Good Old Arsenal" was a single released by the English football team Arsenal in 1971. It reached number 16 in the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18911200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911200" title="List of communities in Lunenburg County, Nova Scotia">
List of communities in Lunenburg County, Nova Scotia

List of communities in Lunenburg County, Nova Scotia
Communities are ordered by the highway upon which they are located. All routes start with the terminus located near the largest community.

</doc>
<doc id="18911207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911207" title="Magnetic North Theatre Festival">
Magnetic North Theatre Festival

The Magnetic North Theatre Festival is an annual festival celebrating theatre and related performing arts in Canada operated by the Canadian Theatre Festival Society in partnership with the National Arts Centre. The festival is held Ottawa every two years, with it being held in other Canadian cities in the alternating years. Other cities that have hosted the festival include Edmonton, St. John's and Vancouver. The festival offers not only productions and performances for the theatre-going public, but offers workshops and seminars aimed at theatre students and theatre professionals.
The festival.
The impetus that resulted in the creation of Magnetic North Theatre Festival grew out of experiences Marti Maraden had travelling across Canada in her role as Artistic Director of the National Arts Centre ("NAC"). Through relationships Maraden built early in her tenure, the NAC contemplated the creation of a national theatre festival. During a theatre conference in 2002, NAC staff discovered that other theatre professionals were considering the same idea, resulting in a movement to organize such an annual festival. As the national theatre community had little desire for such a festival to be "owned" by the NAC or entrenched in Ottawa, organizers settled on having the location of the festival alternating with Ottawa.
In 2002, the Canadian Theatre Festival Society was incorporated for the purpose of operating the festival in partnership with the NAC. Mary Vingoe was appointed as the festival's first Artistic Director. The Society's mandate was to produce and promote English language theatre in Canada of high artistic standards of a national scope. Promoted as "Canada's National Festival of Contemporary Canadian Theatre in English", the first Magnetic North Theatre Festival was held in Ottawa in 2003.
In addition to a presenting a slate of theatrical performances, the festival holds lectures, workshops, symposia, discussion panels, and opportunities to meet the performers of the various productions as well as prominent members of the Canadian theatrical community. In addition to targeting the general public, the festival's offerings include events catering to working professionals in the theatre, which include networking and community-building activities.
Total festival attendance for the 2007 Festival was over 9,000. In 2008, the festival featured 53 performances, involving 10 works in the main program at 8 venues, as well as the "Magnetic Encounters" artist talk series and the Industry networking event, bringing the total number of public events to over 80.
Ken Cameron succeeded Vingoe as Artistic Director in 2007 and served in that position until 2010. The festival's current Artistic Director is Brenda Leadlay, who was named to the position in 2011.
Festival locations.
Alternating with Ottawa every second year, the Magnetic North Theatre Festival has been held in the following cities:

</doc>
<doc id="18911208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911208" title="Best Kept Secret (Sheena Easton album)">
Best Kept Secret (Sheena Easton album)

Best Kept Secret is the fifth album by Scottish singer Sheena Easton. It was released in 1983 on EMI Records.
The album marked a slight change of direction in Easton's career. Prior to this album, Easton's first three albums had all been recorded in London with producer Christopher Neil. For "Best Kept Secret", Easton dismissed Neill as her producer and hired American producers Greg Mathieson and Trevor Veitch who had previously worked with Laura Branigan, and the album became her first recorded entirely in the United States where the singer had been more consistently popular than in her native UK (She had also cut the #6 hit duet with Kenny Rogers, "We've Got Tonight", in her first American recording session).
The songs on "Best Kept Secret" alternated between dance tracks in the Eurodisco mode of Laura Branigan's signature tune "Gloria" and ballads. The album's lead single was the dance track "Telefone (Long Distance Love Affair)" which became Easton's third solo hit to reach the US Top Ten with a #9 peak on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The second single was the ballad "Almost Over You" (#25) and another dance track "Devil in a Fast Car" was subsequently issued as a single to reach #79.
"Best Kept Secret" peaked at #33 on the "Billboard Top 200" album chart with a chart duration of 38 weeks. Neither the album nor its singles had high chart impact in the UK, "Best Kept Secret" charting there at #99 while "Telefone..." and "Almost Over You" had respective UK peaks of #84 and #89. French-Canadian singer Véronique Béliveau recorded a cover of "She's In Love (With Her Radio)" in French, entitled "Je suis fidèle" which reached number 1 status Québec in 1983.
In Canada both the "Best Kept Secret" album and "Telefone..." single were certified Gold by the CRIA.
"Best Kept Secret" was reissued in 2000 on One Way Records, adding the hit duet "We've Got Tonight" with Kenny Rogers.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two
CD Bonus tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="18911211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911211" title="David Lee (volleyball)">
David Lee (volleyball)

David Cameron Lee (born March 8, 1982) is an American volleyball player, who plays for Dynamo Moscow. Lee made his Olympic debut with the U.S. national team in Beijing.
Early life.
Lee was born in Alpine, California. He attended Granite Hills High School in El Cajon, California, where he graduated in 2000.
College.
Lee attended Long Beach State, because he wanted to win an NCAA national championship.
As a junior in 2003, he was named Named to the All-Mountain Pacific Sports Federation (MPSF) second team and led the conference with a .483 hitting percentage. As a senior in 2004, he was named an American Volleyball Coaches Association (AVCA) First Team All-American. He helped Long Beach State to the 2004 NCAA championship match, where they lost to BYU in the longest championship match in NCAA men's volleyball history. Long Beach State held two championship points, but did not convert and lost 3-2, 19-17 in the fifth game.
International.
Professional.
Lee has played professionally in Puerto Rico, Portugal and Indonesia. He won a national championship with the Indonesian professional team.
For the 2008-09 season, he is playing with Trenkwalder Modena in Italy.
U.S. national team.
Lee joined the U.S. national team in 2005. He became a part-time starter in 2007, splitting time with Tom Hoff and finishing the season second on the team in blocks. Lee was the team's second-leading blocker and third overall at the 2007 World Cup, where the U.S. finished fourth.
Olympics.
Lee made his Olympic debut with the U.S. national team in 2008, helping Team USA to a gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18911214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911214" title="Sorry (novel)">
Sorry (novel)

Sorry is a 2007 novel by Australian author Gail Jones. 
Themes.
The novel explores the major themes of Australian Aboriginal-White relations, the isolation and despair of farm life, the Stolen Generations, and life in World War II in Australia. 
Dedication.
"For Veronica Brady."

</doc>
<doc id="18911245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911245" title="Northcott Disability Services">
Northcott Disability Services

Northcott was established as "The NSW Society for Crippled Children" in 1929 by the Rotary Club of Sydneyin response to the growing number of children left with the effects of illnesses such as polio and tuberculosis.
Today, Northcott helps more than 13,000 children and adults with disabilities, their families and carers across NSW and the ACT. Northcott provides more than 100 services and programs
Northcott's purpose is to build an inclusive society. This is achieved by assisting people with disabilities to develop their skills, achieve their goals - including their potential for independence and ability to participate in their communities.
Northcott provides services from 31 sites across metropolitan, regional and rural NSW. There are offices in regional NSW including; Coffs Harbour, Dubbo, Moree, Oak Flats, Penrith, Queanbeyan, Tamworth, Casula, Ballina, Mayfield, Campbelltown, Wyong, Hornsby, Mona Vale and Wagga Wagga. 
May Gibbs, creator of the Gumnut Babies, Snugglepot and Cuddlepie, bequeathed 50% of her royalties, from the designs of her bush characters, to Northcott in 1969 when she died.

</doc>
<doc id="18911254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911254" title="Erie and Central New York Railroad">
Erie and Central New York Railroad

The Erie and Central New York Railroad was first graded in 1870 and was abandoned and the bridges rotted. Reconstruction was started in 1895, opened May 1, 1898, and sold to the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad in 1903. The railroad ran from Cortland Junction to Cincinnatus, and an extension to Hancock or Deposit was planned. the unexpected pronunciation of Cincinnatus, with a long "A."
entry for this company when it was independent. John
R. Bland of Baltimore was listed as the trustee, indicating that the railroad was
bankrupt at that time. Its president and general agent, Charles O. Scull, was also
1901 reveals that on a typical day (except Sunday) the pattern of passenger train
train left for Cortland at 5:00 p.m. and arrived at 5:50 p.m. The final run of a
7:29 p.m.
and by no. 7, returning from Cortland at 5:00 p.m. and reaching Cincinnatus an hour
South Otselic, that connected with E. & C.N.Y. trains, ran on Sundays as well.
New York Times article cited below, but evidently not fruitful enough to allow the
for an industrial spur about 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18911259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911259" title="Sam Alessi">
Sam Alessi

Sam Alessi was first elected to Whittlesea Council in 1987 and again in 1997. He has served three terms as City of Whittlesea Mayor in 1997/98; 1999/2000; and 2004/05. He is currently Deputy Chair of the Yarra Plenty Regional Library and Vice President of the Municipal Association of Victoria. In 2011 Sam Alessi received the Councillor Service Award from the Municipal Association of Victoria (MAV) for completing 15-years' service as a Councillor.
He was educated at Moreland High School, La Trobe and Deakin Universities and the State College of Victoria and hold a Bachelor of Arts in Social Sciences; a Bachelor of Education, a Diploma of Teaching and a Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Science. As a teacher, he has taught in a number of schools, including two City of Whittlesea schools - Greenbrook and Thomastown Meadows Primary Schools and served on both school councils. Married with two daughters, he enjoys photography, gardening, going to the beach and supporting the Melbourne Football Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18911271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911271" title="Bansong-dong">
Bansong-dong

The neighborhood and former village Bansong-dong (반송동) is located in Haeundae-gu, Busan, South Korea. It is named for the ban-song ("Pinus densiflora" for. Multicaulis) a small pine tree still plentiful in the area. Encircled by (and encircling) hills north of Mt. Jang (Jangsan, 장산) and away from the famous Haeundae Beach, Bansong-dong has not participated in the economic growth experienced elsewhere in Haeundae-gu. The population of the three administrative dong (Bansong 1-dong, Bansong 2-dong and Bansong 3-dong) which make up Bansong-dong is 59,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18911335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911335" title="List of communities in Pictou County, Nova Scotia">
List of communities in Pictou County, Nova Scotia

List of communities in Pictou County, Nova Scotia
Many of the communities have Gaelic names.
Communities are ordered by the highway upon which they are located. All routes start with the terminus located near the largest community.

</doc>
<doc id="18911362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911362" title="Olympics on Seven">
Olympics on Seven

The Olympics on Seven is the branding for Olympic Games coverage produced by Seven Sport.
Overview.
Seven has exclusive Australian free-to-air, pay television, online and mobile telephony broadcast rights to the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. The live telecast of the XXIX Olympiad was shared by both the Seven Network and SBS Television. Seven broadcast the opening and closing ceremonies and mainstream sport's including swimming, athletics, rowing, cycling and gymnastics. In stark contrast, SBS TV provided complementary coverage focused on long-form events such as football, road cycling, volleyball, and table tennis.
On 13 October 2007, the International Olympic Committee announced that the Nine Network, in joint partnership with subscription television provider Foxtel, has secured broadcasting rights for the 2010 Winter Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Awards and honors.
During its time as the broadcaster of the Olympic Games, it has won the Olympic Golden Rings for the Best Television coverage for the best television programme during the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens.
During the 2006 Olympics in Turin, Seven and NBC Universal were the major recipients of the Golden Rings; with Seven taking the Golden Rings for the best Olympic Programme, the Silver Rings for the best Olympic feature (NBC Universal received the Golden Rings), and the Bronze Rings for the Best Sports Coverage (behind SRG Switzerland and YLE Finland).
Criticism.
During Seven's coverage of the XXIX Olympiad, numerous complaints by the general Australian public were made to Network Seven for several reasons, including the lack of a broadcast of events to which Australia is not competing in, too many advertisements and at inappropriate times during events and poor commentating of events. There has also been media speculation about the editing of Olympic events by Seven; how live sound from events is faded and the commentary sound is the prominent sound feature.
Furthermore, Seven's coverage of the 2008 Summer Olympics was widely criticized by many viewers, who were angry at the networks contractual obligation to show AFL football over the Olympics. Viewers also complained that many team sports were delayed, with the absence of Roy and HG further angering viewers.
Ratings.
Due in large part to their coverage of the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, the Seven Network won the ratings year for the first time in almost 20 years, just missing out on a clean sweep across the country - something that was rectified in 2007. The opening ceremony was one of the highest-ever rating television programmes in the country, with 6.5 million viewers.

</doc>
<doc id="18911384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911384" title="U.S. Fund for UNICEF">
U.S. Fund for UNICEF

The United States Fund for UNICEF is the United States non-profit non-governmental organization (NGO) that supports the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF). Founded in 1947 by Helenka Pantaleoni, it is the oldest of the 36 UNICEF National Committees that support UNICEF worldwide through fundraising, advocacy and education. The U.S. Fund administers the long-running Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF campaign, as well as the UNICEF Tap Project, which provides children around the world with access to safe, clean water.
The members of the National Board of Directors are Andrew D. Beer, Daniel J. Brutto, Nelson Chai, Gary M. Cohen, Mary Callahan Erdoes, Pamela Fiori, Dolores Rice Gahan, Mindy Grossman, Hilary Gumbel, Vincent John Hemmer, Franklin Hobbs, Peter Lamm (Chair), Téa Leoni, Bob Manoukian, Anthony Pantaleoni, Henry Schleiff, Caryl M. Stern, and Sherrie Rollins Westin.
The U.S. Fund for UNICEF is headquartered in Manhattan in New York City and maintains regional offices in Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Houston, Los Angeles, and San Francisco. 

</doc>
<doc id="18911406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911406" title="History of Belize (1506–1862)">
History of Belize (1506–1862)

Belize, on the east coast of Central America, southeast of Mexico, was settled by Spaniards in the 17th century, became a British crown colony from 1862 through 1964, and is now independent.
Pre-Columbian societies and the conquest.
Many Maya were still in Belize when the Europeans came in the 16th and 17th centuries. Archaeological and ethnohistorical research confirms that several groups of Mayan peoples lived in the area now known as Belize in the 16th century.
The political geography of that period does not coincide with present-day boundaries, so several Mayan provinces lay across the frontiers of modern Belize, Mexico, and Guatemala. The Mayan province of Chetumal, for example, consisted of the northern part of present-day Belize and the southern coast of the Mexican state Quintana Roo. In the south, crossing the present-day frontier between Belize and Guatemala, were the Mopan Maya, and still farther south, the Ch'ol-speaking Manche groups. In central Belize lay the province of Dzuluinicob, meaning "land of foreigners" or "foreign people." This province stretched from New River in the north to Sittee River in the south, and from close to the present-day Guatemalan border in the west to the sea. The apparent political center of this province was Tipu, located east of modern Benque Viejo del Carmen. Lamanai, several towns on New River and on Belize River, and Xibún on Sibun River, were included in this province.
In the first decade of the 16th century, Juan De Solís sailed northward along the coast of Belize to Yucatán. In 1519 Hernán Cortés conquered Mexico, and Pedro Arias Dávila founded Panama City. Spain soon sent expeditions to Guatemala and Honduras, and the conquest of Yucatán began in 1527. 
When Cortés passed through the southwestern corner of present-day Belize in 1525, there were settlements of Ch'ol-speaking Manche in that area. When the Spanish "pacified" the region in the 17th century, they forcibly displaced these settlements to the Guatemalan highlands. The Spanish launched their main incursions into the area from Yucatán, however, and encountered stiff resistance from the Mayan provinces of Chetumal and Dzuluinicob. The region became a place of refuge from the Spanish invasion, but the escaping Maya brought with them diseases that they had contracted from the Spanish. Subsequent epidemics of smallpox and yellow fever, along with endemic malaria, devastated the indigenous population.
In the 17th century, Spanish missionaries from Yucatán traveled up New River and established churches in Mayan settlements with the intention of converting and controlling these people. One such settlement was Tipu, which was excavated in the 1980s. People occupied the site during preclassic, classic, and postclassic times, and through the conquest period until 1707. 
Though conquered by the Spanish in 1544, Tipu was too far from the colonial centers of power to be effectively controlled for long. Thousands of Maya fled south from Yucatán in the second half of the 16th century, and the people of Tipu rebelled against Spanish authority. Tipu was apparently too important to ignore because of its proximity to the Itzá of the Lago Petén Itzá region of present-day Guatemala. In 1618 and 1619, two Franciscans, attempting to convert the people built a church in Tipu. In 1638 a period of resistance began in Tipu, and by 1642, the entire province of Dzuluinicob was in a state of rebellion. The Maya abandoned eight towns at this time, and some 300 families relocated in Tipu, the center of rebellion. In the 1640s, Tipu's population totaled more than 1,000.
Piracy along the coast increased during this period. In 1642, and again in 1648, pirates sacked Salamanca de Bacalar, the seat of Spanish government in southern Yucatán. The abandonment of Bacalar ended Spanish control over the Mayan provinces of Chetumal and Dzuluinicob.
Between 1638 and 1695, the Maya living in the area of Tipu enjoyed autonomy from Spanish rule. But in 1696, Spanish soldiers used Tipu as a base from which they subdued the area and supported missionary activities. In 1697 the Spanish conquered the Itzá, and in 1707, the Spanish forcibly resettled the inhabitants of Tipu to the area near Lago Petén Itzá. The political center of the Mayan province of Dzuluinicob ceased to exist at the time that British colonists were becoming increasingly interested in settling the area.
Colonial rivalry between Spain and Britain.
In the 16th and 17th centuries, Spain tried to maintain a monopoly on trade and colonization in its New World colonies, but northern European powers were increasingly attracted to the region by the potential for trade and settlement. These powers resorted to smuggling, piracy, and war in their efforts to challenge and then destroy Spain's monopoly. Early in the 17th century, the Dutch, English, and French encroached in areas where Spain was weak: the small islands of the Lesser Antilles, the no-man's-land of the Guianas between the Spanish and Portuguese dominions, and the uncharted coasts of Yucatán and Central America. Later in the 17th century, England effectively challenged Spain in the western Caribbean, capturing Jamaica in 1655 and subsequently using this base to support settlements all the along the Caribbean coast from the Yucatán to Nicaragua.
Early in the 17th century, on the shores of the Bay of Campeche in southeastern Mexico and on the Yucatán Peninsula, English buccaneers began cutting logwood, which was used in the production of a dye needed by the wool industry. According to legend, one of these buccaneers, Peter Wallace, called "Ballis" by the Spanish, settled near and gave his name to the Belize River as early as 1638. (Other sources, however, assert that the river's name comes from the Mayan word "belix", meaning "muddy-watered".) English buccaneers began using the tortuous coastline of the area as a base from which to attack Spanish ships. Some of the buccaneers may have been refugees expelled by the Spanish in 1641-42 from settlements on islands off the coasts of Nicaragua and Honduras. Buccaneers stopped plundering Spanish logwood ships and started cutting their own wood in the 1650s and 1660s. Logwood extraction then became the main reason for the English settlement for more than a century.
A 1667 treaty, in which the European powers agreed to suppress piracy, encouraged the shift from buccaneering to cutting logwood and led to more permanent settlement. The 1670 Godolphin Treaty between Spain and England confirmed English possession of countries and islands in the Western Hemisphere that England already occupied. Unfortunately, those colonies were not named and ownership of the coastal area between Yucatán and Nicaragua remained unclear. Conflict continued between Britain and Spain, over the right of the British to cut logwood and to settle in the region. In 1717 Spain expelled British logwood cutters from the Bay of Campeche west of the Yucatán. This action had the unintended effect of enhancing the significance of the growing British settlement near the Belize River.
The first British settlers lived a rough and disorderly life. According to Captain Nathaniel Uring, who was shipwrecked and forced to live with the logwood cutters for several months in 1720, the British were "generally a rude drunken Crew, some of which have been Pirates." He said he had "but little Comfort living among these Crew of ungovernable Wretches, where was little else to be heard but Blasphemy, Cursing and Swearing."
During the 18th century, the Spanish attacked the British settlers repeatedly. In 1717, 1730, 1754, and 1779 the Spanish forced the British to leave the area. The Spanish never settled in the region, however, and the British always returned to expand their trade and settlement. At the end of the Seven Years' War in 1763, the Treaty of Paris conceded to Britain the right to cut and export logwood but asserted Spanish sovereignty over the territory. Still, there was never an agreement on the precise area in which logwood cutters could operate. The Spanish frontier town of Bacalar in the Yucatán, refounded in 1730 after having been deserted for almost a century, became a base for operations against the British. When war broke out again in 1779, the commandant of Bacalar led a successful expedition against the British settlement, which was abandoned until the Treaty of Versailles in 1783 allowed the British to cut logwood in the area between the Hondo and Belize rivers. By that time, however, the logwood trade had declined and mahogany had become the chief export, so the settlers petitioned for a new agreement.
Beginnings of self-government and the plantocracy.
The British were reluctant to set up any formal government for the settlement for fear of provoking the Spanish. On their own initiative and without recognition by the British government, the settlers had begun annual elections of magistrates to establish common law for the settlement as early as 1738. In 1765 Rear Admiral Sir William Burnaby, commander in chief of Jamaica, arrived in the settlement and codified and expanded their regulations into a document known as Burnaby's Code. When the settlers began returning to the area in 1784, the governor of Jamaica named Colonel Edward Marcus Despard as superintendent to oversee the Settlement of Belize in the Bay of Honduras.
The Convention of London, signed in 1786, allowed the British settlers, known as Baymen, to cut and export logwood and mahogany from the Hondo River in the north southward to the Sibun River. The convention, however, did not allow the Baymen to build fortifications, establish any form of government, military or civil, or develop plantation agriculture. Spain retained sovereignty over the area and asserted the right to inspect the settlement twice a year.
The Convention also required Britain to evacuate its settlement on the Mosquito Coast (Costa de Mosquitos) in eastern Nicaragua and western Honduras. Over 2,000 of these settlers and their slaves arrived in 1787 in the settlement of Belize, reinforcing the British presence. The new settlers greatly increased the population, and moreover soon found themselves in considerable tension with the older settlers over the question of land rights and status.
The last Spanish attack on the British settlement, the Battle of St. George's Caye, occurred two years after the outbreak of war in 1796. Field Marshall Arthur O'Neil, the Spanish governor general of Yucatán, commanded a flotilla of some thirty vessels with some 500 sailors and 2,000 troops and attacked the British colonists in 1798. During several brief engagements culminating in a two-and-a-half-hour battle on September 10, the British drove off the Spanish. The attack marked Spain's last attempt to control the territory or dislodge the British.
Despite treaties banning local government and plantation agriculture, both activities flourished. In the late 18th century, an oligarchy of relatively wealthy settlers controlled the political economy of the British settlement. These settlers claimed about four-fifths of the land available under the Convention of London, through resolutions, called location laws, which they passed in the Public Meeting, the name given to the first legislature. These same men also owned about half of all the slaves in the settlement; controlled imports, exports, and the wholesale and retail trades; and determined taxation. A group of magistrates, whom they elected from among themselves, had executive as well as judicial functions, despite a prohibition on executive action.
The landowners resisted any challenge to their growing political power. Colonel Edward Marcus Despard, the first superintendent appointed by the governor of Jamaica in 1784, was suspended in 1789 when the wealthy cutters challenged his authority. When Superintendent George Arthur attacked what he called the "monopoly on the part of the monied cutters" in 1816, he was only partially successful in breaking their monopoly on landholding. He proclaimed that all unclaimed land was henceforth crown land that could be granted only by the crown's representative but continued to allow the existing monopoly of landownership.
Slavery in the settlement, 1724-1838.
Cutting logwood was a simple, small-scale operation, but the settlers imported slaves to help with the work. Slavery in the settlement was associated with the extraction of timber, first logwood and then mahogany, as treaties forbade the production of plantation crops. This difference in economic function gave rise to variations in the organization, conditions, and treatment of slaves. The earliest reference to African slaves in the British settlement appeared in a 1724 Spanish missionary's account, which stated that the British recently had been importing them from Jamaica and Bermuda. In the second half of the eighteenth century the slave population hovered around 3,000, making up about three quarters of the total population. Most slaves, even if they were brought through West Indian markets, were born in Africa, probably from around the Bight of Biafra, the Congo, and Angola—the principal sources of British slaves in the late 18th century. The Eboe or Ibo seem to have been particularly numerous; one section of Belize Town was known as Eboe Town in the first half of the 19th century. At first, many slaves maintained African ethnic identifications and cultural practices. Gradually, however, the process of assimilation was creating a new, synthetic Creole culture.
The whites, although a minority in the settlement, monopolized power and wealth by dominating the chief economic activities of trade and cutting timber. They also controlled the first legislature and the judicial and administrative institutions. As a result, the British settlers had a disproportionate influence on the development of the Creole culture. Anglican, Baptist, and Methodist missionaries helped devalue and suppress African cultural heritage.
Cutting wood was seasonal work that required workers to spend several months isolated in temporary makeshift camps in the forest, away from families in Belize Town. Settlers needed only one or two slaves to cut logwood, a small tree that grows in clumps near the coast. But as the trade shifted to mahogany in the last quarter of the 18th century, the settlers needed more money, land, and slaves for larger-scale operations. After 1770 about 80 percent of all male slaves aged ten years or more cut timber. Huntsmen found the trees, which were then cut, trimmed, and hauled to the riverside. During the rainy season, settlers and slaves floated rafts of untrimmed logs downriver, where the wood was processed for shipment. Huntsmen were highly skilled and valued slaves, as were the axmen who cut the trees while standing on a springy platform four to five meters high. Another group of slaves cared for the oxen that pulled the huge logs to the river. Others trimmed the trees and cleared the tracks. The use of small gangs of slaves for cutting wood reduced the need for close supervision; whip-wielding drivers, who were ubiquitous on large plantations elsewhere, were unknown in the settlement.
The colonial masters used domestic slaves, mostly women and children, to clean their houses, sew, wash and iron their clothes, prepare and serve their food, and raise their children. Some slaves cultivated provisions that would either be sold or used to save their owners some of the cost of importing food. Other slaves worked as sailors, blacksmiths, nurses, and bakers. Few slaves, however held jobs requiring a high level of skill. Young people started work by waiting on their masters' tables, where they were taught to obey, then most of the young women continued in domestic work while the young men became woodcutters. This rigid division of labor and the narrow range of work experience of most slaves limited their opportunities after legal emancipation in 1838.
The slaves' experience, though different from that on plantations in other colonies in the region, was nevertheless oppressive. They were frequently the objects of "extreme inhumanity," as a report published in 1820 stated. The settlement's chaplain reported "instances, many instances, of horrible barbarity" against the slaves. The slaves' own actions, including suicide, abortion, murder, escape, and revolt, suggest how they viewed their situation. Slaves who lived in small, scattered, and remote groups could escape with relative ease if they were willing to leave their families. In the 18th century, many escaped to Yucatán, and in the early 19th century a steady flow of runaways went to Guatemala and down the coast to Honduras. Some runaways established communities, such as one near Sibun River, that offered refuge to others. When freedom could be attained by slipping into the bush, revolt was not such a pressing option. Nevertheless, numerous slave revolts took place. The last revolt in 1820, led by two black slaves, Will and Sharper, involved a considerable number of well-armed individuals who "had been treated with very unnecessary harshness by their Owner, and had certainly good grounds for complaint."
One way the settler minority maintained its control was by dividing the slaves from the growing population of free Creole people who were given limited privileges. Though some Creoles were legally free, they could neither hold commissions in the military nor act as jurors or magistrates, and their economic activities were restricted. They could vote in elections only if they had owned more property and lived in the area longer than whites. Privileges, however, led many free blacks to stress their loyalty and acculturation to British ways. When officials in other colonies of the British West Indies began giving free blacks expanded legal rights, the Colonial Office threatened to dissolve the Baymen's Public Meeting unless it followed suit. The "Coloured Subjects of Free Condition" were granted civil rights on July 5, 1831, a few years before the abolition of slavery was completed.
The essence of society, a rigidly hierarchical system in which people were ranked according to race and class was well established by the time of full emancipation in 1838. The act to abolish slavery throughout the British colonies, passed in 1833, was intended to avoid drastic social changes by effecting emancipation over a five-year transition period. The act included two generous measures for slave owners: a system of "apprenticeship" calculated to extend their control over the former slaves who were to continue to work for their masters without pay, and compensation for the former slave owners for their loss of property. These measures helped ensure that the majority of the population, even when it was legally freed after apprenticeship ended in 1838, depended on their former owners for work. These owners still monopolized the land. Before 1838, a handful of the inhabitants controlled the settlement and owned most of the people. After 1838, the masters of the settlement, a tiny elite, continued to control the country for over a century by denying access to land, and by promoting economic dependency of the freed slaves through a combination of wage advances and company stores.
Emigration of the Garifuna.
At the same time that the settlement was grappling with the ramifications of the end of slavery, a new ethnic group—the Garifuna—appeared. In the early 19th century, the Garifuna, descendants of Carib peoples of the Lesser Antilles and of Africans who had escaped from slavery, arrived in the settlement. The Garifuna had resisted British and French colonialism in the Lesser Antilles until they were defeated by the British in 1796. After putting down a violent Garifuna rebellion on Saint Vincent, the British moved between 1,700 and 5,000 of the Garifuna across the Caribbean to the Bay Islands (present-day Islas de la Bahía) off the north coast of Honduras. From there they migrated to the Caribbean coasts of Nicaragua, Honduras, Guatemala, and the southern part of present-day Belize. By 1802 about 150 Garifuna had settled in the Stann Creek (present-day Dangriga) area and were engaged in fishing and farming.
Other Garifuna later came to the British settlement of Belize after finding themselves on the wrong side in a civil war in Honduras in 1832. Many Garifuna men soon found wage work alongside slaves as mahogany cutters. In 1841 Dangriga, the Garifuna's largest settlement, was a flourishing village. The American traveler John Stephens described the Garifuna village of Punta Gorda as having 500 inhabitants and producing a wide variety of fruits and vegetables.
The British treated Garifuna as squatters. In 1857 the British told the Garifuna that they must obtain leases from the crown or risk losing their lands, dwellings, and other buildings. The 1872 Crown Lands Ordinance established reservations for the Garifuna as well as the Maya. The British prevented both groups from owning land and treated them as a source of valuable labor.
Constitutional developments, 1850-62.
In the 1850s, the power struggle between the superintendent and the planters coincided with events in international diplomacy to produce major constitutional changes. In the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty of 1850, Britain and the United States agreed to promote the construction of a canal across Central America and to refrain from colonizing any part of Central America. The British government interpreted the colonization clause as applying only to any future occupation. But the United States government claimed that Britain was obliged to evacuate the area, particularly after 1853, when President Franklin Pierce's expansionist administration stressed the Monroe Doctrine. Britain yielded on the Bay Islands and the Mosquito Coast in eastern Nicaragua. But in 1854, Britain produced a formal constitution establishing a legislative for its possession of the settlement in present-day Belize.
The Legislative Assembly of 1854 was to have eighteen elected members, each of whom was to have at least £400 sterling worth of property. The assembly was also to have three official members appointed by the superintendent. The fact that voters had to have property yielding an income of £7 a year or a salary of a £100 a year reinforced the restrictive nature of this legislature. The superintendent could defer or dissolve the assembly at any time, originate legislation, and give or withhold consent to bills. This situation suggested that the legislature was more a chamber of debate than a place where decisions were made. The Colonial Office in London became, therefore, the real political-administrative power in the settlement. This shift in power was reinforced when in 1862, the Settlement of Belize in the Bay of Honduras was declared a British colony called British Honduras, and the crown's representative was elevated to a lieutenant governor, subordinate to the governor of Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="18911448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911448" title="Schüffner's dots">
Schüffner's dots

Schüffner's dots refers to a hematological finding that is associated with malaria, exclusively found in Plasmodium ovale and Plasmodium vivax.
Plasmodium vivax induces morphologic alterations in infected host erythrocytes that are visible by light microscopy in Romanovsky-stained blood smears as multiple brick-red dots. These morphologic changes, referred to as Schüffner's dots, are important in the identification of this species of malarial parasite and have been associated by electron microscopy with caveolavesicle complexes along the erythrocyte plasmalemma.
They are named for Wilhelm Schüffner, who described them in 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="18911454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911454" title="Whaling in the Netherlands">
Whaling in the Netherlands

Whaling in the Netherlands was a centuries-long tradition. The history of Dutch whaling begins with 17th-century exploration of Arctic fishing grounds; and the profitability of whaling in the 18th century drove further growth. Increased competition and political upheavals in Europe affected the stability of this maritime industry in the 19th century; and a combination of these factors cut short any further growth of Dutch whaling in the Antarctic.
Modern, post-war whaling in the southern oceans was developed intensely, but continued growth of Dutch whaling was abbreviated as a result of multi-national treaties which similarly impacted other 
national whaling enterprises.
The current Dutch government supports a moratorium on all whaling worldwide.
History.
The beginnings of Dutch whaling are indirectly attributed to Willem Barentsz (anglicized as William Barents or Barentz) (1550–1597), who was a Dutch navigator and explorer, a leader of early expeditions to the far north. On his last voyage, Barentsz accompanied Jacob van Heemskerck as pilot, and Gerrit de Veer, the historian of the voyage, was on board as first mate. This expedition's discovery of the Arctic archipelago of Spitsbergen (now known as Svalbard) was to become the foundation for lucrative Dutch claims to the whaling grounds in and around the islands. In the fierce competition for the best whaling grounds, the Dutch construed that that other nations had less right to hunt whales in waters which had been "discovered" by Dutch explorers.
The development of Dutch whaling and sealing saw changes in the composition of crews, in shipbuilding technology, in governmental involvement and in the profitability of the industries.
17th century.
The numbers of whaling ships outfitted in the Netherlands grew rapidly—more than doubling in a decade to 70 ships in 1654, and more than doubling again to 148 ships in 1670. The ships involved in whaling helped to make the Dutch Republic one of the richest nations of the 17th century, but this resource was ruthlessly exploited; and by the mid-17th century the catches decreased as the favoured whales became rare.
Whaling in the waters around Spitsbergen shifted after 1670 because of a modification of the whales migratory patterns. Some have attributed this change to a global warming trend which permitted the whales to return to their normal summer grounds off the northeast coast of Greenland, but it could have been simply that whales who had survived aggressive whale hunting in earlier seasons were simply avoiding the whalers.
In 1684, 246 Dutch whalers captured 1,185 whales in the waters off Spitsbergen. Typically, whaling expeditions hunted the Bowhead whale, which is a slow-moving unhurried creature which yields plenty of oil. Their high percentage of body fat also meant that they floated when dead and, therefore, were easy to tow back to the land.
18th century.
During the 17th and 18th century the people from the North Frisian Islands enjoyed a reputation of being very skilled mariners, and most Dutch whaling ships bound for Greenland and Svalbard would have a crew of North Frisian islanders. Especially Föhr island has been recorded as a stronghold of whaling personnel. At the height of Dutch whaling in the year 1762, 1,186 seamen from Föhr were serving on Dutch whaling vessels alone and 25% of all shipmasters on Dutch whaling vessels were people from Föhr.
Dutch supremacy in whaling over other European competitors like France, Germany and Britain diminished in the second half of the 18th century.
19th century.
Amongst the political and economic consequences of the Treaty of Amiens was that control of the Cape of Good Hope was wrested from the British and restored to the Netherlands. This reanimated the prospects for profitable Dutch whaling in the antipodes. In the wake of the British and the Americans, the Dutch made attempts to organize whaling in the Southern Ocean, including the "Afrikaanse Visscheriji Societeit" (the African Fishery Society) which was founded in Amsterdam in 1802.
A significant system of subsidies issued by the King and his ministers supported Dutch entrepreneurs, which minimized a competitive disadvantage in a period of international whaling with similar financial incentives being funded by many national governments. In this context, a lack of quality in the art of shipbuilding and in the training of seamen has been regarded as very important factors in explaining the ultimate failure of the Dutch whaling industry in the late 19th century.
Dutch culture.
Dutch and Flemish maritime paintings of the 16th and 17th centuries mirror the emergence of the Dutch Republic as a great maritime power and the rise of the seascape as a distinct art form in the Low Countries The works of this period included vessels sailing, trading, fighting, fishing and whaling; and each individually and collectively display aspects of an evolving Dutch culture The artists' depictions of whaling expeditions help to establish the economic importance of whaling to the Dutch during the late 17th century. and its "Golden Age."
In remarks at the opening of an exhibit of paintings which, in part, focus on Dutch whaling, the Dutch Ambassador to the Court of St. James suggests a relevant broader perspective:
The economic success of the Dutch Republic was inextricably linked with the sea as were the emerging national identity and international reputation of the young state. Many in the Netherlands earned their fortune in Arctic whaling; however the success of whaling scenes in Netherlandish painting cannot be entirely explained by economic interest.
Dutch culture and language were also exported by whalers from abroad who hired on Dutch vessels. E.g. the North Frisian dialect Fering adopted a number of popular Dutch and West Frisian personal name forms, and many loanwords from the Dutch language to Fering are still in use today. It has been observed that apart from Afrikaans, no other language outside the Netherlands proper has been influenced as much by the Dutch language as the North Frisian insular dialects.
Modern whaling.
In 1964, the last Dutch factory ship, poetically named "Willem Barrentsz", was sold to Japanese whaling interests, thus bringing a conclusive end to the long history of Dutch whaling. 
During the period 1946-1964, the involvement of the Netherlands in modern, post-war whaling in the Antarctic was aggressively pursued.
The current Dutch government opposes the practice of whaling; and the Netherlands is committed to seeing new and improved binding agreements made within the International Whaling Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="18911466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911466" title="William Ripia">
William Ripia

William Ripia (born 20 August 1985 in Murupara) is a New Zealand Rugby union player. He plays for the Hurricanes in the Rebel Sport Super Rugby and Taranaki in the Air New Zealand Cup Competition. He plays First Five-Eight.

</doc>
<doc id="18911485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911485" title="The Unbelievable">
The Unbelievable

The Unbelievable (Chinese: 怪談) is a Hong Kong TV program about paranormal and other supernatural occurrences mostly in Hong Kong and nearby East Asia countries. It is generally based on Eastern buddhist, taoist or Chinese spiritual supernatural perspective, though not limited to these philosophies.
Name.
The Chinese name of the show 怪談 literally means "Strange Talk". The characters are also used for the Japanese word of Kaidan.
Format.
Generally the format follows that of a reality show where live video taping is done in areas with paranormal activities or hauntings. Sometimes re-enactments or experiments are done to explain a specific phenomenon or sightings. At the end of the episodes, live call-ins allow home viewers to ask questions or inform others about their personal experiences. Many guests, fans and specialists are invited to join the programming to provide expertise or participate. The long term success of the show has expanded to fan clubs.
Topics.
A very wide range of topics have been covered by the show. Below are some samples
Film.
Some hosts showed in similar film "The Unbelievable" (2009) some differences in its Hong Kong and Singapore/Malaysia versions.

</doc>
<doc id="18911499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911499" title="List of communities in Region of Queens Municipality, Nova Scotia">
List of communities in Region of Queens Municipality, Nova Scotia

List of communities in Queens County, Nova Scotia
Communities are ordered by the highway upon which they are located. All routes start with the terminus located near the largest community.

</doc>
<doc id="18911525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911525" title="Safinamide">
Safinamide

Safinamide (EMD 1195686) is a candidate drug against Parkinson's disease with multiple methods of action. In 2007, a Phase III clinical trial was started. It was scheduled to run until 2011. The compound was originally discovered at Farmitalia-Carlo Erba and developed by Newron Pharmaceuticals, which sold the rights to Merck-Serono in 2006. In October 2011 Merck-Serono announced that they would give all rights to develop the compound back to Newron.
Potential additional uses might be restless legs syndrome (RLS) and epilepsy. They were being tested in Phase II trials in 2008, but no results are available.
Methods of action.
Parkinson and RLS relevant mechanisms.
Safinamide is a monoamine oxidase B inhibitor, reducing degradation of dopamine, and a glutamate release inhibitor. It also seems to inhibit dopamine reuptake. Additionally, safinamide blocks sodium and calcium channels.

</doc>
<doc id="18911527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911527" title="Agrovation">
Agrovation

Agrovation may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18911551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911551" title="KQPM">
KQPM

KQPM is a radio station broadcasting a country music format out of Ukiah, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18911566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911566" title="Bottomless Pit (band)">
Bottomless Pit (band)

Bottomless Pit is an indie rock band from Chicago. Guitarist Andy Cohen and baritone guitarist Tim Midyett, both formerly of Silkworm, formed the band with drummer Chris Manfrin of Seam and bassist Brian Orchard of .22 in 2005. Since inception the group has issued three critically acclaimed records and toured in the United States and Canada. The band also played one show in Paris to open the Villette Sonique Festival in June 2008 at the invitation of fellow Chicago-based rock trio Shellac.
Their debut album "Hammer of the Gods" earned favorable reviews from various music publications. The album was in part recorded at Electrical Audio studios by Greg Norman and initially self-released on 45rpm vinyl. Notably, the vinyl record also included a copy of the album on compact disc for convenience. The following EP, entitled "Congress", was also released in this format. Both releases are available for digital download from New Jersey based label Comedy Minus One.
On January 26, 2010, the band announced via their Facebook page that their next LP, "Blood Under the Bridge", had been completed and would be mastered in March and released August 10, 2010. In March, four songs from the album, "38 Souls", "Q.E.D.", "Winterwind" and "Summerwind" were uploaded to the Internet (the former two songs on Facebook and the latter two songs on their Myspace).
A third full-length titled "Shade Perennial" was released via Comedy Minus One on October 29, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18911582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911582" title="Typhoon Pabuk (2007)">
Typhoon Pabuk (2007)

Typhoon Pabuk (international designation: 0706, JTWC designation: 07W, also designated Severe Tropical Storm Chedeng by PAGASA) was a weak typhoon that formed during the day of August 5, 2007. The system made landfall on Taiwan on August 7, and on August 9 Pabuk passed to the south of Hong Kong.
Meteorological history.
On August 4, the Japan Meteorological Agency began monitoring a tropical depression 510 nmi (945 km/h). The system continued to strengthen, and the Joint Typhoon Warning Center issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the system early the next day, noting that its environment was "strongly favorable for development". The Japan Meteorological Agency designated the system Tropical Storm Pabuk shortly after. The JTWC designated the system Tropical Storm 07W at about the same time, and on August 5 PAGASA named the system Chedeng. As Pabuk continued to move to the northwest, it gained some organisation as it slowly developed outflow. It was upgraded by the JMA to a severe tropical storm on August 6. Moving westwards towards Taiwan, an area of convection south of Pabuk separated and formed its own low-level circulation. Pabuk's upper-level outflow inhibited this new area of convection. Strengthening slightly, Pabuk was upgraded to a typhoon on the morning of August 7. The JTWC downgraded Pabuk to a tropical storm later that day, with the JMA downgrading Pabuk shortly before landfall. It made landfall in southern Taiwan around 1630 UTC according to Taiwan radar and crossed the southern tip of the Hengchun Peninsula in Pingtung County. The JTWC re-upgraded Pabuk to a typhoon at its next advisory, however, citing a small eye at landfall, before downgrading it to a tropical storm again three hours later.
After passing over Taiwan, Pabuk took aim at Hong Kong. On August 9 as the system passed to the south of Hong Kong JMA downgraded the storm to a tropical depression later that day and issued its final public advisory, with the JTWC following suit shortly after. The tropical depression then turned back to the east-northeast on August 10, intensifying while taking aim at Hong Kong. It skirted to the west of Hong Kong and dissipated while heading northeast into the mainland.
Preparations.
Philippines and Taiwan.
Authorities in Manila closed all schools and government offices on August 8 as the outer bands of Pabuk triggered deadly flooding and landslides. On August 7, Taiwanese authorities issued land and sea warnings for most of the island as Typhoon Pabuk was expected to make landfall the following day. Government officials in Taiwan stockpiled nearly 6,000 sandbags to quickly respond to any flood disasters and cleanup crews were rushed into cities to clear gutters and storm drains in advance of heavy rain. Shopkeepers were advised not to tighten billboards to avoid harming others.
China.
As Pabuk made landfall in southern Taiwan on August 8, Chinese officials evacuated an estimated 20,000 residents from coastal areas in Fujian Province. Roughly 6,700 vessels were also called back to port in anticipation of rough seas. An estimated 1.7 million text messages were also sent out to inform the public about the storm.
Hong Kong and Macau.
The Hong Kong Observatory (HKO) and Macau's Meteorological and Geophysical Bureau (SMG) both hoisted strong wind signal 3 on August 9 as the system passed to the south of Hong Kong, they were canceled later. On August 10 the signals were re-issued as the tropical storm looped and turned northeast. The HKO also warned that winds were expected to strengthen further locally, and that the Hong Kong Education Bureau had suspended all classes for the day. The HKO, while upgrading Pabuk to a tropical storm issued a gale/storm warning signal 8 at 2:30 p.m. HKT (0630 UTC) later that day as Pabuk began to move closer to the territory. This was replaced by signal 3 later while Pabuk took another turn in direction and headed west inland into Guangdong. Early next morning, Pabuk resumed a northeasterly track, edging once again closer to the Pearl River Delta before it weakened further and HKO cancelled all signals.
Impact.
Philippines and Taiwan.
As Pabuk neared Taiwan, the outer rainbands from the storm triggered monsoon rains over the northern Philippines, causing numerous landslides. In the mining town of Maco in Compostela Valley, seven houses were buried under mud, leaving ten people dead. Farther north, another person, a young boy, was killed by a landslide. The streets of Manila were flooded by rains which left low-lying areas under neck-deep waters. The rains also led to the collapse of a concrete wall, burying five children. Firefighters quickly rushed to the building and pulled the children out, all of them only sustained minor injuries. After Pabuk struck Taiwan, another storm, Tropical Storm Wutip, brought more rains to the Philippines. The combined fatalities from the two storms totaled to 15, left one person missing, and injured ten others. About 1.2 million people were affected by the two storms and damages were estimated at $6.8 million (2007 USD).
Despite being a typhoon upon making landfall near Eluanbi in southern Taiwan, Pabuk caused little damage. Near where the typhoon made landfall, weather radar estimated that the area received rainfall in excess of 305 mm (12 in). The heavy rains helped alleviate severe drought conditions which had persisted in southern Taiwan for several months. At its peak, 60,000 residences were without power. No fatalities were caused by the storm and only $200,000 (2007 USD) was left in farm damages.
China.
Record setting rains fell in southern China as Pabuk stalled near Hong Kong. Zhanjiang, near the island of Hainan, recorded a 24 hour rainfall measurement of 739 mm (29.1 in), higher than any other single day event in the past 200 years. Numerous stretches of highways and railways were damaged by the floods that followed. Several trains were cancelled due to the washed out tracks. Two dams reached record water levels and five dams reached the water danger mark. The Dawan Reservoir nearly overflowed, but workers dug canals around it to release the excess water in a controlled manner. The storm left 64,200 people homeless, affected over 1.1 million, and about 4,200 homes were destroyed. Damages from Pabuk were estimated at $220 million (2007 USD).
Despite the torrential rains, there were no reports of any fatalities associated with the storm.
Hong Kong.
A storm surge of 0.45 m (1.47 ft) was recorded in Hong Kong. On August 11, during the storms second pass by Hong Kong, a 66 kt (122 km/h) wind gust was recorded at 11:16 UTC, despite Pabuk only being a tropical depression.

</doc>
<doc id="18911585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911585" title="Winter Canal">
Winter Canal

Winter Canal (, "Zimnyaya kanavka") is a canal in Saint Petersburg, Russia, connecting Bolshaya Neva with Moika River in the vicinity of Winter Palace.
The canal was dug in 1718–1719. Its length is only 228 metres, which makes it one of the shortest canals in the city. The width is about 20 metres.
The granite embankment was built in 1782–84, and railings designed by sculptor I.F.Dunker were added at the same time. The special picturesqueness to the canal is added by the arch connecting Old Hermitage and Hermitage Theater, built by architect Yury Felten next to the Hermitage Bridge.
Names.
Originally the canal was named "Old Palace Canal" (). From 1780 it was called either "Winter House Canal" () or "Winter Palace Canal" (). Townspeople started to call it simply (meaning Winter Canal), and in 1828 the canal was officially renamed to its current name – "Winter Canal" (pronounced in Russian as "Zimnyaya Kanavka", literally meaning "Winter Groove").
Bridges.
There are three bridges across Winter Canal:

</doc>
<doc id="18911599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911599" title="Allium punctum">
Allium punctum

Allium punctum is a species of wild onion known by the common name dotted onion. It is native to the western United States in and around the Modoc Plateau, where it is an uncommon member of the flora on the volcanic flats. This onion grows from a yellow-brown to grayish oval-shaped bulb one or two centimeters wide. It produces a short stem no more than 10 centimeters tall and two sickle-shaped leaves which are usually a bit longer. The inflorescence bears up to 20 flowers which are white or pink with purple veining.

</doc>
<doc id="18911603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911603" title="Dreams of Speaking">
Dreams of Speaking

Dreams of Speaking is a 2006 novel by Australian author Gail Jones. 
Themes.
The novel explores the themes of the creative writing process, memory, loneliness and cross-cultural friendships.
Epigraph.
"Let us sculpt in hopeless silence all our dreams of speaking" - Fernando Pessoa, "The Book of Disquiet" 

</doc>
<doc id="18911608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911608" title="Nicolas Charbonnier">
Nicolas Charbonnier

Nicolas Charbonnier (born August 4, 1981) is a French sailor and Olympic athlete who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18911628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911628" title="List of communities in Richmond County, Nova Scotia">
List of communities in Richmond County, Nova Scotia

List of communities in Richmond County, Nova Scotia
Communities are ordered by the highway upon which they are located. All routes start with the terminus located near the largest community.

</doc>
<doc id="18911650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911650" title="Prime Ministers' Corridor of Oaks">
Prime Ministers' Corridor of Oaks

The Prime Ministers' Corridor of Oaks is located at Faulconbridge, New South Wales, 75 km from Sydney and 20 minutes from Katoomba. It is near the Great Western Highway and Main Western railway line. It is also near the grave of Sir Henry Parkes. A corridor of oak trees has been planted at this place by each Prime Minister of Australia since Federation or a close family member.
Joseph Jackson (1874–1961) MLA represented the state Electoral district of Nepean for 33 years. He donated the land on which Jackson Park sits to the people of the Blue Mountains in 1933 for use as a public park. At that time Jackson owned the former home of Sir Henry Parkes and was an ardent admirer of his. He conceived the idea of an avenue of oak trees to be planted by all the Prime Ministers of Australia or their nearest surviving relative. He hoped that the avenue, growing opposite the Parkes home, would become a national memorial. Planting commenced in 1934.
There are currently 25 oaks in the Corridor of Oaks. The park contains not only oaks but statues and park benches and is a common stop for a picnic.

</doc>
<doc id="18911657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911657" title="Gray Marine Motor Company">
Gray Marine Motor Company

Gray Marine Motor Company was an important marine engine builder. It built gasoline engines ranging from one to six cylinders in both gas and later diesel layouts which were used in pleasure and work boats.
Gray was an American firm, based in Detroit from 1901 until 1967. Many fishing boats, lobsterboats, tugs and pleasure craft used Gray engines. These boats were usually of small size, ranging from 12 to 32 feet. Many of their engines were marinized automotive engines from Hercules, Studebaker, Pontiac, Continental, American Motors or General Motors Diesel Division. 
Gray also produced a line of outboard motors without the typical ninety-degree gearbox. A curved housing connected motor to propellor. The lower-unit housing contained a flexible inner rotating shaft.
Origins.
Gray Marine started as the Michigan Yacht and Power Company by O. Mulford in 1892 and was a dealer for the Sintz gas engine, one of the first marine engines. It bought out Sintz in 1902. Michigan ventured into automobile engines and was re-branded Gray Motor Company about 1910 by O. Mulford and his banker partners Gray. Charles King, one of the investors, used a Gray engine in King automobiles. Within a few years Gray's were building 7000 engines a year. Some would go into World War I lifeboats, and others would be used for pump units for Western Front trench service. These were called Victory motors. Victory engines were also used by Traffic Motor Truck Corporation of St Louis, Kohler Truck of New Jersey, Panhard truck, and the Crow-Elkhart car. Prairie Queen tractors also used this engine in 1922.
Automobiles.
In 1921 Frank L. Klingensmith and Frank F. Beall took over the Gray Motor Company, renaming it Gray Motor Corporation, with the intent of competing with Ford. Two models of Gray car were made using the Beall developed Z motor. The Z engine was a 12-18 horsepower, 4 cylinder, L-head design that was said to resemble the model T Ford engine. 
By 1924 the company was in poor financial condition and Mulford managed to buy back the marine engine division, re-establishing Gray Marine Motor Company. Gray Motor Corporation ceased producing cars by 1926.
Marine Engines.
The marine engine division continued operations for over forty years, and is most known for converting automotive engines for fishboats, cruisers and World War II Landing Craft, such as the Canadian Ramped Cargo Lighter and the famed Higgins Boats. Gray built their own engines up to 1924, but converted automotive engines from about April 1924 on. During WW II Gray Marine built 100 marinized GM style 71 series diesels a day using GM cylinder blocks. 
On June 14, 1944, the company was purchased by Continental for $2.6 million. John W. Mulford, the son of O. Mulford was made general manager of Gray. Gray continued to make marine engines in the post-war period until its closure by Continental in about 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="18911662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911662" title="NYSARC">
NYSARC

NYSARC, Inc. is the largest organization serving people with developmental disabilities. A non-profit, NYSARC serves over 60,000 people with intellectual and other developmental disabilities through its 55 chapters in New York state. NYSARC is an affiliated member of Arc of the United States.
History.
In 1949, two Bronx mothers placed an advertisement in the New York Post with an interest in establishing a day nursery for their young children. Over 200 New York City parents responded and banded together to fight for the recognition of their children's special needs and capabilities.
A committee was appointed to draft a constitution for a new, single organization. NYSARC, Inc. was formally incorporated in February, 1949.
In March of the same year, new committees were formed to address specific issues such as education, legal affairs, fundraising, and public relations. That same month, the Organization published the first issue of "Our Children's Voice" which later became "Our Voice Today." It was designed to communicate with other parents and families.
The NYSARC, Inc. model has since served as a unique and effective organizational model that has been duplicated across the nation. In the years since its founding, the Organization has grown rapidly as a service provider and advocacy organization.
The NYSARC Inc, partners with Camp Loyal Town, Advantage Care Diagnostic and Treatment Center, Brookville Center for Children's Services, the AHRC Foundation and Fay J. Linder Center for Autism and Developmental Disabilities.
Mission.
NYSARC, Inc.'s mission is to improve the quality of life for persons with intellectual and other developmental disabilities by:
Chapters.
Central Region
Northeast Region
Southeast Region
Western Region
Services.
NYSARC, Inc's 55 chapters provide a variety of services, including:
Support offered on behalf of a family or individual.
Services from birth through school age including diagnosis, evaluation, treatment, and education.
Clinical services and/or primary health care.
Activities that combine diagnostic, therapeutic, rehabilitative, pre-vocational, vocational, and employment services.
Planning alternative granting of legal authority .
Day, evening, weekend, or overnight programs that provide leisure and social activities.
Support services to enable living as independently as possible in the community.
Assistance in accessing needed services, programs and supports.
A flexible group of supports and services.
Trust Services.
NYSARC, Inc. currently offers 3 types of trust programs:
The NYSARC Trust consists of two active funds. The Unrestricted Fund allows parents, relatives, and friends to leave large sums of money or property to help a person with a developmental disability. Funds can be transferred during the Grantor's life or at death. The Exempt Fund primarily benefits and supports the NYSARC, Inc. Corporate Guardianship Program.
The Community Trusts are pooled trusts which qualify as Supplemental Needs Trusts for people with disabilities as described under Social Security Law Section 1614(a)(3)USC 1382c(a)(3). They are funded with the personal assets of the person with disabilities.
Community Trust I and III are primarily for individuals receiving government benefits, like Supplemental Security Income or Medicaid. Community Trust III is solely for individuals with a large sum greater than $250,000.
Community Trust II is designed for individuals who have monthly income in excess of the Medicaid qualification levels.
The NYSARC, Inc. Individual Trust offers both Trustee and administrative services for first- and third-party Supplemental Needs Trusts. Like the Community Trusts, the Individual Trust is open to people who have any disabilities listed under Security Law Section 1614(a)(3)USC 1382c(a)(3).

</doc>
<doc id="18911663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911663" title="Allium sanbornii">
Allium sanbornii

Allium sanbornii is a species of wild onion known by the common name Sanborn's onion. It is native to California and southern Oregon where it grows in the serpentine soils of the Cascade Range and Sierra Nevada foothills. This onion grows from a reddish brown bulb up to about 2.5 centimeters long. It produces a stem up to 60 centimeters long and a single cylindrical leaf which is about the same length. The inflorescence bears as many as 150 small flowers, each with tepals less than a centimeter long in shades of pink to white.

</doc>
<doc id="18911664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911664" title="Olivier Bausset">
Olivier Bausset

Olivier Bausset (born February 1, 1982) is a French sailor and Olympic athlete who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18911694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911694" title="Still Standing (Monica album)">
Still Standing (Monica album)

Still Standing is the sixth studio album by American R&B recording artist Monica. It was released on March 19, 2010 by J Records. Production for the album began in 2007 to 2010, featuring involvement by Missy Elliott, Bryan-Michael Cox, Stargate, and Jermaine Dupri, and was chronicled by Monica's which was aired between October 2009 and January 2010.
The album received mostly positive reviews, based on an aggregate score of 71/100 from Metacritic, with critics perceiving its sound as "a return to the mid-'1990s heyday" of contemporary R&B. A commercial success, it debuted at number two on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, selling 184,000 in its first week, and reached the top of the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. "Still Standing" was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipments & sales of 500,000 copies in the United States.
The lead single, "Everything to Me", became her first chart-topper in over seven years. The second single, "Love All Over Me", was released in May 2010 and reached number two on the R&B/Hip-Hop chart. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best R&B Album, presented at the 53rd Grammy Awards in 2011.
Background.
In 2006, Monica's fifth studio album "The Makings of Me" was released. For the production of the album, the singer had re-teamed with most of her regular contributors and although the final tracklisting comprised an outweighing slower set of mid-tempo recording and ballads, J Records settled on "Everytime tha Beat Drop," a heavily snap-influenced up-tempo record which had initially been recorded for a So So Def mixtape, to lead the album — against the grain of the singer, who felt that the song did not speak to her core audience and was a poor representation of the album. Upon its release, "The Makings of Me" failed to reprise the multi-million sales success of previous albums, barley selling 325,000 copies in the United States, and while it produced four single releases, none of them managed to chart or sell noticeably, garnering Monica her least commercially successful project yet.
Still during the promotion of the album, the singer acknowledged that she had to follow a more honest approach on her next project: "success of "The Makings of Me" just made me realize that people want authentic Monica," she stated. "They don't want me to keep up with all the different gimmicks and trends that are taking place." In late 2007, Monica started work on her follow-up album. Intending to create a record that lived up to the sound her previous hits, particularly those from the 1990s, she expressed that she wanted to appeal to her existing fans although her label was concerned with making the project sound up to date: "I am going back to where I started. The next album I would like people to get more songs like "Why I Love You So Much," "Angel of Mine," or the things they really, really love from me [...]." Originally titled "Lessons Learned"—a reference to the mistakes Monica felt she made with "The Makings of Me" — the singer decided to change the project after recording the album's title track in 2008 as she felt that "Still Standing" was more appropriate for the body of work that she and Bryan-Michael Cox pulled off.
Recording.
Recording for the album took place during 2007 to 2010 at several recording studios, including Carrington House, Doppler Studios, and Zone 4 Studios in Atlanta, Georgia, and Studio at the Palms in Paradise, Nevada. Producers and songwriters having collaborated with Monica on the album include longtime collaborators Jermaine Dupri, Missy Elliott, Bryan-Michael Cox, and his co-producer WyldCard, as well as writers and producers that she had not worked with in the past, including Jim Jonsin, Bei Maejor, Andre Lindal, Los Da Mystro, singer Ne-Yo, songwriters Ester Dean and Crystal Johnson, Norwegian production duo Stargte and her elder cousin Polow da Don. Over the course of several recording periods, Monica worked on "hundreds of songs" for the album, herself serving as its executive producer and J Records A&R president Larry Jackson as co-executive. Finally, only ten tracks were selected to be placed on the regular edition of "Still Standing" while three additional tracks were chosen to be released as free bonus tracks through different retailers. Others songs from established hitmakers such as Dallas Austin, Babyface, Drumma Boy, J Ferrari, Sean Garrett, Jazze Pha, and Soulshock & Karlin did not make the cut. Monica's team also was in negoations with R. Kelly to contribute to "Still Standing". In an interview, Lil Jon moreover stated that he was "about to do some work with Monica."
Although the debut episode of the reality television show "Monica: The Single" on Peachtree TV was filmed to promote the release of the album's leading single, J Records and the singer were not in agreement with "Still Standing" becoming the first single, and thus, Monica set up additional sessions with Missy Elliott in August 2009 to find new singles. In parallel, she resumed recording with Polow da Don, Dallas Austin and Sean Garrett. Whilst at Zone 4 Studios Timbaland had some creative input into the project, voicing his opinion about "Everything to Me" being a good future single choice, but did not make any musical contribution to the project. As part of her reality TV series, Monica revealed that she was planning to record all of her own backing vocals for the album. Several tracks from the album's recording sessions leaked early which sparked a response from Monica on the eighth episode of her reality TV show: "I think it's unfair when a song like "Let Me Know" leaks. The fans don't get to hear it properly as it's not finished. It might not be a true representation of the album if it is not included on the final tracklisting." As a result of the leak, a small internal investigation was launched at J Records to find the source of the leak.
Content.
The production of opening track "Still Standing", one of the first songs written for the album, was tracked by the reality television show format "Monica: The Single" on Peachtree TV in 2008. A well-received anthem about empowerment, starting with "an icy club-busting backbeat and a gothic, low-octave choir," it features guest vocals by Monica's cousin Ludacris and was initially considered to be released as the album's first single, but J Records rejected to promote the song as "Still Standing"′s lead. Nevertheless, the track managed to debut within the top eighty on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and was used as the theme song of "" the following year. Second track, Los Da Mystro-crafted "One In a Lifetime", was among a number of songs that leaked a year prior to the album's official release. Announced as the album's leading single at a time, the "lush, piano-laced" song deals with finding true love. Ne-Yo-prenned third track "Stay or Go", one out of several tracks the songwriter and Monica worked on over a course of a week, deals with a "if you’re not going to treat me right, then here’s the option"–nature, according to Monica. "He wanted to do a record that spoke to who I am," she said, "and he reached back into my history on how I’ve delivered records in a sassy yet vocal way."
"Everything to Me", the album's fourth track and official first single, reunited Monica with producer Missy Elliott and saw the pair basically reprising the formula of previous successes such as "So Gone" (2003) and "A Dozen Roses (You Remind Me)" (2006). A musical ode to all things good in life, written by singer Jazmine Sullivan, the retro ballad contains a prominent sample of the Deniece Williams' 1981 recording "Silly." Released to rave reviews among critics, who noted it the album's "standout track — as solid as a brick house; great singing, great lyrics, great production, just a great all-around song," "Everything to Me" became the singer's most-successful release in years. Elliott also contributed "If You Were My Man", one of the few up tempo songs on "Still Standing", which Monica described as the song, who was most out of her character. Originally titled "Betcha", the track samples Evelyn "Champagne" King's 1982 record "Betcha She Don't Love You", featuring heavy elements of 1980's music, and garnered a mixed response by critics, whose reviews of the song alternated between "blemish," "brainless," and "funky". "Mirror", the sixth track produced by Jim Jonsin, was recorded late into the production of the album. A song about self-acceptance, Monica noted the composition one of her personal standouts on the album: "Its basically about being able to look at yourself in the mirror and be completely happy with the person that you are," she said. "Having no shame or feeling pain again, and I am at that place in my life."
Seventh track "Here I Am" was penned by Ester Dean and produced by Monica's elder cousin Polow da Don, marking their first collaboration. Led by a "bluesy guitar riff," the song deals with unrequired love, and has been announced as an official single from the album at numerous occasions, only to be replaced at the last minute each time. In April 2010, Monica confirmed on Twitter that she had re-recorded the song as a duet with Jamie Foxx, although he was later replaced by fellow R&B singer Trey Songz. "Superman", another production by Bryan Michael Cox, is an acoustic guitar-dominated ballad with syncopated drum pattern, in which she idolizes her man as a hero, comparing him with the same-titled DC Comics superhero. The track received a positive response among critics, who called it one of the finest moments on "Still Standing": "Monica shows her range [...] and gives it some muscle." The album's ninth song and second single, Cristyle-penned "Love All Over Me", is producer Jermaine Dupri's only contribution to the record. Monica described the song as "about being strictly in love where everything feels right." Ending track "Believing In Me," an acoustic ode to moving beyond heartbreak, was contributed by Stargate.
Release and promotion.
After numerous delays "Still Standing" was eventually released on March 23, 2010 in the United States. First released in the Netherlands on March 19, it received a limited release through RCA Records and Sony Music on most major music markets until the end of April 2010. The album's marked Monica's third album released under her contract with J Records, following the renewal of her joint venture with the label in October 2007. Prior to its release, Monica debuted her reality series "" on the BET network on October 27, 2009. She appeared on BET's "106 & Park" on February 22, 2010 to promote the album, and made further appearances as a guest or co-host on the show on March 22, 2010 and March 23, 2010. On March 23, she also performed on CBS's "The Early Show" in promotion of the album. At the 2010 BET Awards, the singer performed "Everything to Me" alongside Deniece Williams who sang on of her signature songs "Silly." Monica also served as a co-header with Trey Songz on the 2010 Passion, Pain & Pleasure Tour in the following summer.
Singles.
The second single, "Love All Over Me" was sent to radio in May 2010. It peaked at number fifty-eight on the US "Billboard" chart and reached number two on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, becoming Monica's twelfth top ten hit on that chart. In September 2010, "Here I Am", featuring Trey Songz, was confirmed as the album's third single. The track features vocals by fellow singer Trey Songz. A remix of "Here I Am" was initially planned as the third single but was only released as a digital download. The album version of the song had previously debuted on the R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart at number eighty-three.
Commercial performance.
"Still Standing" debuted at number two on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart with first week sales of 184,000 copies, becoming her second highest U.S. chart-debut, surpassed by her 2003's number-one debuting "After the Storm". The album also entered at number one on "Billboard"s R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number two on the Digital Albums chart. In the United Kingdom, it debuted at number twenty-five on the UK R&B Chart. The album was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America, following shipments of 500,000 copies in the US. As of December 2010, the album has sold over 561,000 copies in the United States.
Critical reception.
"Still Standing" received generally positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 71, based on six reviews. Allmusic writer Andy Kellman commented that the album "benefits from quality control and a handful of particularly strong ballads." About.com's Mark Edward Nero called it "one of the stronger albums of Monica's career so far." "Entertainment Weekly"s Mikael Wood called the album "a low-key delight" and perceived its sound as reminiscent of 1990s-R&B, stating "the appealingly unflashy CD feels like a return to the mid-'90s heyday of acts such as Deborah Cox and Total." "USA Today"s Edna Gundersen called it "a gimmick-free set of cool R&B tracks." Andrew Rennie of "NOW" wrote that it is "rich with songs about self-validation, love lost and subsequent recovery, and doesn’t let up on that thematic gas pedal until the last tune."
However, "The Boston Globe"s Ken Capobianco viewed its songs as "predictable" and wrote "Monica is a vivid singer with gorgeous tone, but she’s forced to breathe life into songs that don’t live up to her capabilities." Luke Winkie of Slant Magazine described its music as "unembellished and bland", while calling the album "immediately forgettable, inhabiting the colorless world that has doomed the majority of mainstream R&B over the last decade." Despite writing that Monica "puts forth her richest vocal efforts", "Boston Herald" writer Lauren Carter called the album's songs "uninspiring", describing it as "the middle ground" and "r & b blandness." Mariel Concepcion of "Billboard" wrote that "Still Standing" lacks "Monica's spunk and sass", but ultimately commended her lyrical maturity and called the album "fluid lyrically and musically." "The Washington Post"s Sarah Godfrey complimented its production and Monica's musical style, stating "The disc is a lean 10 tracks, and while the sound is more mature than her 1995 debut "Miss Thang", as it should be, her mellow style of R&B remains comfortingly intact."
Accolades.
The album was nominated for two 2011 Grammy Awards, Best R&B Album and Best Female R&B Vocal Performance for "Everything To Me". The album also received a Top R&B Album nomination at the 2011 Billboard Awards.
Personnel.
Credits for "Still Standing" adapted from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="18911716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911716" title="RMIT School of Business IT and Logistics">
RMIT School of Business IT and Logistics

RMIT's School of Business IT and Logistics (also referred to as SBITL) is an Australian tertiary education school within the College of Business at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT University), located in Melbourne, Victoria. 
History.
SBITL has been a part of RMIT for more than 20 years. The Master of Business (IT) program has been delivered in Singapore for 20 years and it is likely that it has been delivered for more than that at their campus in Melbourne.
Location.
SBITL is located in building 80.
Programs.
SBITL offers programs from undergraduate to doctor levels, most of the programs are delivered at the RMIT University City Campus. Some of the programs are delivered at the RMIT University International Campus Vietnam.
Industry Links.
SBITL has strong links to the industry with partners including IBM Australia, GS1 Australia, Ernst & Young and SAP. Partners contribute differently. Examples includes guest lectures from Ernst & Young and IBM Australia for research and education purposes. SBIT also have relationships with other professional associations such as AIS, ACS and ALIA.

</doc>
<doc id="18911760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911760" title="Aggi">
Aggi

Aggi is an Italian female given name. It may also be a diminutive form of the given names Agamemnon, Agata, Agatha, or Agnes. See also Aggie and Aggy.
Aggi may also refer to the following places:
Aggi is often used as a placeholder name for:
Aggi may also refer to:
AGGI may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="18911767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911767" title="List of communities in Shelburne County, Nova Scotia">
List of communities in Shelburne County, Nova Scotia

List of communities in Shelburne County, Nova Scotia
Communities are ordered by the highway upon which they are located. All routes start with the terminus located near the largest community.

</doc>
<doc id="18911778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911778" title="Allium siskiyouense">
Allium siskiyouense

Allium siskiyouense is a species of wild onion known by the common name Siskiyou onion. It is native to the Klamath Mountains and nearby ranges of northern California and southern Oregon, where it grows in serpentine and other rocky soil types. This small onion plant grows from a reddish brown bulb one or two centimeters long. It produces a short stem no more than 8 centimeters long and two sickle-shaped leaves which are usually longer. The inflorescence contains up to about 35 flowers, each with dark-veined pink tepals around a centimeter long and sometimes toothed at the tips.

</doc>
<doc id="18911779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911779" title="Talimi Bagh">
Talimi Bagh

Talimi Bagh, is a park located in Federal B. Area suburb of Gulberg Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
Talimi Bagh is a small but interesting recreational facility for children as well as adults. It has a small section of caged animals, horse riding, a lake with boat rides, dodgem cars, a mini train, and lots of slides and swings.
It is packed every evening and the amount of visitors can double on Saturdays and Sundays. Because it is inexpensive, private food vendors and ice cream sellers enter the park on a daily basis to help them earn a better living.
A new addition is a large swimming pool and play area for children. Sure to keep children entertained for weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="18911787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911787" title="Constitutional reforms of Lucius Cornelius Sulla">
Constitutional reforms of Lucius Cornelius Sulla

The constitutional reforms of Lucius Cornelius Sulla were a series of laws that were enacted by the Roman Dictator Lucius Cornelius Sulla between 82 and 80 BC, which reformed the Constitution of the Roman Republic. In the decades before Sulla had become Dictator, a series of political developments occurred which severely weakened aristocratic control over the Roman Constitution. Sulla's Dictatorship constituted one of the most significant developments in the History of the Constitution of the Roman Republic, and it served as a warning for the coming civil war, which ultimately would destroy the Roman Republic and create the Roman Empire. Sulla, who had witnessed chaos at the hands of his political enemies in the years before his Dictatorship, was naturally conservative. He believed that the underlying flaw in the Roman constitution was the increasingly aggressive democracy, which expressed itself through the Roman assemblies, and as such, he sought to strengthen the Roman Senate. He retired in 79 BC, and died in 78 BC, having believed that he had corrected the constitutional flaw. His constitution would be mostly rescinded by two of his former lieutenants, Pompey Magnus and Marcus Licinius Crassus, less than ten years after his death. But what he did not realize was that it was he himself who actually had illustrated the underlying flaw in the Roman constitution: that it was the army, and not the Roman senate, which dictated the fortunes of the state. The precedent he produced would be emulated less than forty years later by an individual whom he almost had executed, Julius Caesar, and as such, he played a critical early role in the transformation of the Roman Republic into the Roman Empire.
Before the Gracchi (287–133 BC).
By the middle of the 2nd century BC, the Plebeians (commoners) saw a worsening economic situation. The long military campaigns, in particular those of the Punic Wars, had forced citizens to leave their farms, which often caused those farms to fall into a state of disrepair. This situation was made worse during the Second Punic War, when Hannibal fought the Romans throughout Italy, and the Romans adopted a strategy of attrition and guerilla warfare in response. When the soldiers returned from the battlefield, they often had to sell their farms to pay their debts, and the landed aristocracy quickly bought these farms at discounted prices. The wars had also brought to Rome a great surplus of inexpensive slave labor, which the landed aristocrats used to staff their new farms. Soon the masses of unemployed Plebeians began to flood into Rome, and into the ranks of the legislative assemblies. At the same time, the aristocracy was becoming extremely rich, and with the destruction of Rome's great commercial rival of Carthage, even more opportunities for profit became available. While the aristocrats spent their time exploiting new opportunities for profit, Rome was conquering new civilizations in the east. These civilizations were often highly developed, and as such they opened up a world of luxury to the Romans. As both wealth and eastern luxuries became available to aristocratic Romans, they began to enter the "international" Mediterranean arena in collection of art, sponsorship of literary works, and cultural acquisition and development generally; some Romans saw the changes with alarm. The sums that were spent on the new luxuries had no precedent in prior Roman history; the Romans began to pass sumptuary laws to limit some excesses, although these were harmless at best, political footballs at worst. 
By the end of this era, the divide between the aristocratic landowners and the landless and small-holder Plebeians had deepened and widened. Latifundia and the willingness of the aristocracy to leave large tracts of public lands fallow as opposed to distributing them among the Plebs had created a situation in which many former small farmers migrated to the city of Rome, looking for work and sustenance, having been driven from or bought out of their family inheritance, fields, and farms. In the principle legislative assembly, the Plebeian Council, any individual voted in the Tribe to which his ancestors had belonged. Thus, most of these newly landless Plebeians belonged to one of the thirty-one rural Tribes, rather than one of the four urban Tribes; this meant that their vote counted more than those of the lower classes in the four Urban Tribes—and these landless Plebeians soon acquired so much political power that the Plebeian Council became highly populist. The new power of the Plebeians was watched with fear and dismay by the aristocratic classes who had formerly had control of all law-making at Rome. The aristocrats accused "the mob" of selling its votes; of course, the "mob" was often voting for individual aristocrats themselves, so although the game rules had changed, the main aims remained the same—there had been no real structural change in the Republic; there was merely a need for a change of tactics on the part of the aristocrats. Some adapted by using excessive bribery to win votes; others appealed to the crowd's populist ideals, fairness, respect for antiquity, or desire to gain a better life for themselves and their children. Bribery was perceived as a problem; but despite this, major reforms were ultimately passed, in particular the requirement that all votes be by secret ballot—a measure that made bribery more effective, as the "elders" of a tribe no longer would hear how the members of the tribe were voting, and the entire process of voting became more personalized. Populist leaders arose one by one from the same aristocracy that fought to keep the populace at bay—some had plans for deep-rooted changes, and others had more temporary measures to offer, to relieve both the cash poverty (and land richness) of the aristocracy and the desire of the plebs to better their lot.
Tiberius and Gaius Gracchus (133–121 BC).
Tiberius Gracchus was elected Plebeian Tribune (the chief representative of the people) in 133 BC, and as Tribune, he attempted to enact a law that would have distributed some of the public land amongst Rome's veterans. The aristocrats, who stood to lose an enormous amount of money, were bitterly opposed to this proposal. Tiberius submitted this law to the Plebeian Council, but the law was vetoed by a Tribune named Marcus Octavius, and so Tiberius used the Plebeian Council to impeach Octavius. The theory, that a representative of the people ceases to be one when he acts against the wishes of the people, was repugnant to the genius of Roman constitutional theory. If carried to its logical end, this theory removed all constitutional restraints on the popular will, and put the state under the absolute control of a temporary popular majority. This theory ultimately found its logical end under the future democratic empire of the military populist Julius Caesar. The law was enacted, but Tiberius was murdered when he stood for reelection to the Tribunate. The ten years that followed his death were politically inactive. The only important development was in the growing strength of the democratic opposition to the aristocracy.
Tiberius' brother Gaius was elected Plebeian Tribune in 123 BC. Gaius Gracchus' ultimate goal was to weaken the senate and to strengthen the democratic forces, so he first enacted a law which put the knights ("equites", or apolitical businessmen of the upper classes) on the jury courts instead of the senators. He then passed a grain law which greatly disadvantaged the provincial governors, most of whom were senators and thus who could no longer serve on the jury courts. The knights, on the other hand, stood to profit greatly from these grain reforms, and so the result was that Gaius managed to turn the most powerful class of non-senators against the senate. In the past, the senate eliminated political rivals either by establishing special judicial commissions or by passing a "senatus consultum ultimum" ("ultimate decree of the senate"). Both devices allowed the senate to bypass the ordinary due process rights that all citizens had. Gaius outlawed the judicial commissions, and declared the "senatus consultum ultimum" to be unconstitutional. Gaius then proposed a law which granted citizenship rights to Rome's Italian allies, but the selfish democracy in Rome, which jealously guarded its privileged status, deserted him over this proposal. He stood for reelection to a third term in 121 BC, but was defeated and then murdered. The democracy, however, had finally realized how weak the senate had become.
Sulla's constitution (82–80 BC).
Several years later, a new power had emerged in Asia. In 88 BC, a Roman army was sent to put down that power, king Mithridates of Pontus, but was defeated. Lucius Cornelius Sulla had been elected Consul (one of the two chief-executives of the Roman Republic) for the year, and was ordered by the senate to assume command of the war against Mithridates. Gaius Marius, a former Consul and a member of the democratic (""populares"") party, was a bitter political rival of Sulla. Marius had a Plebeian Tribune revoke Sulla's command of the war against Mithridates, so Sulla, a member of the aristocratic (""optimates"") party, brought his army back to Italy and marched on Rome. Marius fled, and his supporters either fled or were murdered by Sulla. Sulla had become so angry at Marius' tribune that he passed a law that was intended to permanently weaken the Tribunate. He then returned to his war against Mithridates, and with Sulla gone, the "populares" under Marius and Lucius Cornelius Cinna soon took control of the city. The "popularis" record was not one to be proud of, as they had reelected Marius to the consulship several times without observing the required ten year interval. They also transgressed democracy by advancing unelected individuals to office, and by substituting magisterial edicts for popular legislation. Sulla eventually made peace with Mithridates, and in 83 BC, he returned to Rome, overcame all resistance, and captured the city again. Sulla was installed as Dictator, and his supporters then slaughtered most of Marius' supporters, although one such supporter, a 17-year-old "popularis" (and the son-in-law of Cinna) named Julius Caesar, was ultimately spared. 
Sulla, who had observed the violent results of radical "popularis" reforms (in particular those under Marius and Cinna), was naturally conservative, and so his conservatism was more reactionary than it was visionary. As such, he sought to strengthen the aristocracy, and thus the senate. Sulla retained his earlier reforms, which required senate approval before any bill could be submitted to the Plebeian Council (the principal popular assembly), and which had also restored the older, more aristocratic "Servian" organization to the Century Assembly (assembly of soldiers). Up until the 3rd century BC, the Plebeian Council was legally required to obtain senatorial authorization before enacting any law, while the Century Assembly had been organized in such an aristocratic manner as to have denied the lower classes any political power. The reforms which had altered these two processes had marked the end to the Conflict of the Orders, during which time the Plebeians had sought political equality with the aristocratic Patrician class. 
Sulla, himself a Patrician and thus ineligible for election to the office of Plebeian Tribune, thoroughly disliked the office. Some of his dislike may have been acquired when Marius' Tribune had revoked Sulla's authorization to command the war against Mithridates. As Sulla viewed the office, the Tribunate was especially dangerous, which was in part due to its radical past, and so his intention was to not only deprive the Tribunate of power, but also of prestige. The reforms of the Gracchi Tribunes were one such example of its radical past, but by no means were they the only such examples. Over the past three-hundred years, the Tribunes had been the officers most responsible for the loss of power by the aristocracy. Since the Tribunate was the principal means through which the democracy of Rome had always asserted itself against the aristocracy, it was of paramount importance to Sulla that he cripple the office. Through his reforms to the Plebeian Council, Tribunes lost the power to initiate legislation. Sulla then prohibited ex-Tribunes from ever holding any other office, so ambitious individuals would no longer seek election to the Tribunate, since such an election would end their political career. Finally, Sulla revoked the power of the Tribunes to veto acts of the senate. This reform was of dubious constitutionality at best, and was outright sacrilegious at worst. Ultimately, the Tribunes, and thus the People of Rome, became powerless.
Sulla then weakened the magisterial offices by increasing the number of magistrates who were elected in any given year, and required that all newly elected Quaestors be given automatic membership in the senate. These two reforms were enacted primarily so as to allow Sulla to increase the size of the senate from 300 to 600 senators. This removed the need for the Censor to draw up a list of senators, since there were always more than enough former magistrates to fill the senate. The Censorship was the most prestigious of all magisterial offices, and by reducing the power of the Censors, this particular reform further helped to reduce the prestige of all magisterial offices. In addition, by increasing the number of magistrates, the prestige of each magistrate was reduced, and the potential for obstruction within each magisterial college was maximized. This, so the theory went, would further increase the importance of the senate as the principal organ of constitutional government. 
To further solidify the prestige and authority of the senate, Sulla transferred the control of the courts from the knights, who had held control since the Gracchi reforms, to the senators. This, along with the increase in the number of courts, further added to the power that was already held by the senators. He also codified, and thus established definitively, the "cursus honorum", which required an individual to reach a certain age and level of experience before running for any particular office. In this past, the "cursus honorum" had been observed through precedent, but had never actually been codified. By requiring senators to be more experienced than they had been in the past, he hoped to add to the prestige, and thus the authority, of the senate.
Sulla also wanted to reduce the risk that a future general might attempt to seize power, as he himself had done. To reduce this risk, he reaffirmed the requirement that any individual wait for ten years before being reelected to any office. Sulla then established a system where all Consuls and Praetors served in Rome during their year in office, and then commanded a provincial army as a governor for the year after they left office. The number of Praetors (the second-highest ranking magistrate, after the Consul) were increased, so that there would be enough magistrates for each province under this system. These two reforms were meant to ensure that no governor would be able to command the same army for an extended period of time, so as to minimize the threat that another general might attempt to march on Rome.
The fate of Sulla's constitution (70–27 BC).
Sulla resigned his Dictatorship in 80 BC, was elected Consul one last time, and died in 78 BC. While he thought that he had firmly established aristocratic rule, his own career had illustrated the fatal weaknesses in the constitution. Ultimately, it was the army, and not the senate, which dictated the fortunes of the state.
In 77 BC, the senate sent one of Sulla's former lieutenants, Gnaeus Pompey Magnus, to put down an uprising in Spain. By 71 BC, Pompey returned to Rome after having completed his mission, and around the same time, another of Sulla's former lieutenants, Marcus Licinius Crassus, had just put down a slave revolt in Italy. Upon their return, Pompey and Crassus found the "populare" party fiercely attacking Sulla's constitution, and so they attempted to forge an agreement with the "populare" party. If both Pompey and Crassus were elected Consul in 70 BC, they would dismantle the more obnoxious components of Sulla's constitution. The promise of both Pompey and Crassus, aided by the presence of both of their armies outside of the gates of Rome, helped to 'persuade' the "populares" to elect the two to the Consulship. As soon as they were elected, they dismantled most of Sulla's constitution.
In 63 BC, a conspiracy led by Lucius Sergius Catiline attempted to overthrow the Republic, and install Catiline as master of the state. Catiline and his supporters simply followed in Sulla's footsteps. Ultimately, however, the conspiracy was discovered and the conspirators were killed. In January 49 BC, after the senate had refused to renew his appointment as governor, Julius Caesar followed in Sulla's footsteps, marched on Rome, and made himself Dictator. This time, however, the Roman Republic was not as lucky, and the civil war that Caesar began would not end until 27 BC, with the creation of the Roman Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="18911820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911820" title="Jones Paideia Magnet School">
Jones Paideia Magnet School

Jones Paideia Magnet School is a thematic magnet elementary school in Nashville, Tennessee, operated by the Metropolitan Nashville Public Schools. It enrolls students from all over Davidson County. The school's focus is the Paideia philosophy of education. The school was named in honor of Richard W. Jones, a former principal with 60 years of service to the Metropolitan Nashville school district.
History.
The school was constructed in 1936. It is on the corner of Garfield and Ninth Avenue, North, in a primarily inter-city, residential neighborhood.
Jones has operated as a Paideia school for the last thirteen years, initially as a K-8 school known as Buena Vista-Jones Paideia. When the school district opened a Paideia middle school at Buena Vista, Jones was restructured to a K-4 program called Jones Paideia. Buena Vista later moved to a new facility at John Early Middle School, and the middle school Paideia program was discontinued. Due to the many changes of faculty and staff throughout the years, the school district contracted with the National Paideia Center for faculty training. They began training during the 2002-2003 school year and trained on one Paideia Component each year, beginning with Seminar. All formal training was completed during the 2004-2005 school year. This year the school has focused on the implementation of all Paideia components with continued monitoring and training through technical site visits from the National Paideia faculty.
In 1996, students of Jones Paideia successfully petitioned the Tennessee General Assembly to designate "My Home Will Always Be in Tennessee" as the state's official bicentennial school song.
Currently, Jones Paideia serves approximately 360 students in kindergarten through fourth grade.
Paideia philosophy.
The term "Paideia" is probably best known to modern English-speakers through its use in the word Encyclopedia, which is a combination of the Greek terms enkyklios, or complete system/circle, and paideia, or education/learning.
Students in kindergarten through fourth grades are engaged daily in the school board adopted curriculum based on newly written standards in reading, writing, math, science, social studies, and visual and performing arts. At Jones, Spanish is taught to all students grades K – 4. In addition, students attend related arts classes in art, music and physical education. Teachers utilize the state framework of objectives, as well as the Metropolitan Nashville Public Schools Graduate and 12-Pre K Academic Standards when planning instruction for all subject areas. In addition to the curriculum, teachers incorporate hands-on-science, science and technology kits, math manipulatives, character education and balanced literacy. The curriculum is delivered through the Paideia philosophy of instruction. One remedial class for fourth grade students performing below the 430th scaled score in reading, called Language Exclamation, is implemented at that level. The hope is to have students reading at or above grade level after two-years in the program. Currently, the school has 18 students who qualify for this program. In order to serve the special education needs of students who receive services, the school uses an inclusion program. Currently, six percent of the total student population is eligible for special education services.

</doc>
<doc id="18911822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911822" title="Junichi Miyashita">
Junichi Miyashita


</doc>
<doc id="18911837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911837" title="Ralph Anderson">
Ralph Anderson

Ralph Anderson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18911842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911842" title="Takuro Fujii">
Takuro Fujii

Personal bests.
In long course
In short course

</doc>
<doc id="18911852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911852" title="Hisayoshi Sato">
Hisayoshi Sato

Personal bests.
In long course:

</doc>
<doc id="18911900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911900" title="PhoneFactor">
PhoneFactor

PhoneFactor is a multi-factor authentication system which utilizes phone calls to verify identity. With multiple out-of-band methods (phone call, text message, and push) and an OATH passcode option, PhoneFactor provides flexibility for users and a single multi-factor platform for IT to manage.
On October 4, 2012, it was announced that Microsoft had acquired PhoneFactor. The PhoneFactor service is now available as Windows Azure Multi-Factor Authentication. In addition to securing on-premises applications and identities, the service now also works with cloud applications like Office 365 that use Windows Azure Active Directory.
Background.
Founded in 2001, PhoneFactor helps organizations address user demand for a simple sign-in process while also meeting security and compliance standards. By leveraging a device every user already has – a phone – PhoneFactor enables scalable, user-friendly, secure multi-factor authentication.

</doc>
<doc id="18911923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911923" title="La Salle Secondary School">
La Salle Secondary School

La Salle Secondary School is a high school located in Kingston, Ontario, Canada. La Salle is a medium-sized school, consisting of an average student count of 700. The school schedule is composed of four courses and MSIP. The student body is predominantly composed of students from the adjacent suburbs, the military base, as well as many rural communities located along or near Highway 2, and Highway 15.
Daily schedule.
The four courses are the same as any public high school in the Kingston region, with the exception of lasting an hour compared to the usual hour and fifteen minutes. The fifteen minutes from each class is added on to MSIP(Multi-Subject Instructional Period). This creates the five period day. This class is meant as an extra hour to work on class work, talk to teachers and allow students to interact with students from different grades.
Athletics.
La Salle's team colours are black and gold. Their athletic teams are all known as the "Black Knights". The school competes in many sports including cross-country, soccer, hockey, rugby, football, basketball, cheerleading, curling, field hockey, badminton, skiing, skateboarding, and tennis. La Salle Secondary School is a AA-level school, a designation determined by enrollment levels. This creates a disadvantage in athletics; however their senior girls' basketball team won KASSAA in 2007 and 2008, and won the EOSSAA AA championship in 2008-2013. 
Their Senior boys' rugby team has also been very competitive, winning KASSAA, going undefeated for three straight seasons in 1999, 2000, 2001 also in 2013
, also winning back to back years in 2007 and 2008, and winning AA EOSSAA in 2006, 2007, and 2008. The Senior boys' football team has been the Kingston AA representative in provincials for the past couple of years, with their best finish coming in 2008 in the EOSSAA final, before losing to a strong Gananoque Trojan team. The Jr Football team had quite a run in 2011 as the league switched to AA/AAA format meaning the AA football teams have their own Championship which the JR Black Knights won becoming the first KASSAA AA jr football champions. They ended up in the EOSSAA final where they lost to the defending AA OFSAA champion St Mary's Crusaders 16 - 9. 
The LaSalle Black Knights play all of their home Football games on Berk Brean Field. Named after former Head Coach Berkeley Brean, who coached Football and Rugby at the school in the 1980s and 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="18911937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911937" title="List of communities in Victoria County, Nova Scotia">
List of communities in Victoria County, Nova Scotia

List of communities in Victoria County, Nova Scotia
Communities are ordered by the highway upon which they are located. All routes start with the terminus located near the largest community.

</doc>
<doc id="18911964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18911964" title="ICHIKO">
ICHIKO


</doc>
<doc id="18912051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912051" title="Karen E. Rowe">
Karen E. Rowe

Karen E. Rowe (born 1945) is an American literary critic and a specialist in Renaissance literature. She is a professor of English at UCLA.
Background.
Rowe received her B.A. from Mount Holyoke College and Ph.D. from Indiana University.

</doc>
<doc id="18912060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912060" title="Wang Yuegu">
Wang Yuegu

Wang Yuegu (, ; born 10 June 1980) is a China-born Singaporean table tennis player who is ranked among the top ten players in the world. Wang made her inaugural appearance as a Singaporean on the International Table Tennis Federation (ITTF) Pro Tour in June 2005 at the Volkswagen Korean Open in Suncheon, South Korea, where she and Sun Beibei took the silver medal in the women's doubles. On 24 September 2006, Wang achieved her first gold medal on the Pro Tour at the Japan Open in Yokohama. She repeated the feat against her compatriot Li Jiawei on 12 November at the ITTF Pro Tour German Open in Bayreuth. In June 2007, Wang helped Singapore sweep the women's team, women's doubles and mixed doubles gold trophies at the 17th Commonwealth Table Tennis Championships in Jaipur.
Representing Singapore for the first time at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, she was a member of the silver medal-winning women's table tennis team. This was the first time that Singapore had won an Olympic medal since Singapore's independence in 1965. The medal came 48 years after Tan Howe Liang won the country's first and only medal to date, a silver in weightlifting at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. In May 2010 the trio of Wang, Feng Tianwei and Sun stunned the reigning champion China 3–1 in the Liebherr World Team Table Tennis Championships in Moscow, making Singapore world champion for the first time.
Wang won the women's team bronze medal with Feng and Li at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. She announced her retirement from competitive sports in August 2012.
Early years.
Wang Yuegu was born on 10 June 1980 in Anshan, Liaoning, People's Republic of China. In December 2004 she relocated to Singapore under the Foreign Sports Talent Scheme as this offered her more opportunities to prove herself at the international level. She subsequently became a Singapore citizen.
Career as national player.
Wang made her inaugural appearance as a Singaporean on the International Table Tennis Federation (ITTF) Pro Tour in June 2005 at the Volkswagen Korean Open in Suncheon, South Korea, where she and Sun Beibei took the silver medal in the women's doubles. Later that year, she and Sun went on to take two more silvers in doubles matches at the Chinese Taipei Open and Volkswagen (China) Open.
In 2006, Wang came third in the women's singles at the ITTF Pro Tour Chinese Taipei Open held in Taipei, bettering that effort by taking the singles silver medal at the subsequent ITTF Pro Tour Korea Open. On 24 September, Wang achieved her first gold medal on the Pro Tour at the Japan Open in Yokohama, beating China's Guo Yan who was then the number one seed and ranked third in the world. The achievement brought her into the top ten of the women's world ranking list for the first time in her career. Wang repeated her gold-winning feat against compatriot Li Jiawei on 12 November at the ITTF Pro Tour German Open in Bayreuth. In June 2007, Wang helped Singapore sweep the women's team, women's doubles and mixed doubles gold trophies at the 17th Commonwealth Table Tennis Championships in Jaipur. On 20 April 2008, top-seeded Wang beat Li again to the women's singles title at the Brazilian Open. As a singles player, she was ranked seventh in the world as of August 2008.
2008 Summer Olympics.
Wang represented Singapore for the first time at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the women's table tennis team tournament with her teammates Feng Tianwei and Li Jiawei. On 14 August the team defeated the Netherlands 3–0 to reach the semifinals, but not before a gruelling five-game doubles match against the Dutch players Li Jie and Elena Timina which Li Jiawei and Wang Yuegu eventually won 3–2. During the semifinals against South Korea's Dang Ye-Seo, Kim Kyung-Ah and Park Mi-Young on 15 August, Wang and Li beat Kim and Park in the doubles match, but Wang lost her singles match to Dang. Singapore eventually triumphed over South Korea 3–2.
On 17 August, Wang and her teammates gained Singapore a silver medal in women's table tennis after losing to China in three matches. In the doubles match, Wang and Li were bested by China's Zhang Yining and Guo Yue. This is the first time Singapore has won an Olympic medal since Singapore's independence in 1965. The medal comes 48 years after Tan Howe Liang won the country's first medal, a silver in weightlifting in the lightweight category at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.
Wang and her teammates received byes into the third round of the singles tournament. However, Wang's Olympics came to an end after she was defeated 1–4 by the Dominican Republic's Wu Xue. Seeded fifth in the tournament, Wang was expected to overcome Wu, ranked 50th in the world by the ITTF, without difficulty but made numerous unforced errors. She had beaten Wu at all previous encounters. Team manager Antony Lee attributed Wang's loss to the fact that Wu had played above her usual standard, and that Wang had been unable to cope with the spin from Wu's left-handed serves.
At a victory celebration in Singapore on 25 August, Vivian Balakrishnan, the Minister for Community Development, Youth and Sports, announced that Wang, Feng and Li would be presented with the "Pingat Jasa Gemilang" (Meritorious Service Medal). This is only the third time the medal will be awarded to athletes, the two previous recipients being weightlifter Tan Howe Liang (1962) and swimmer Joscelin Yeo (2006).
In May 2009, the national table tennis women's team, composed of Wang and her teammates Feng, Li and Sun Beibei, were awarded the Team of the Year (Event) prize at the Singapore Sports Awards.
Events between 2008 and 2012.
On 22 November 2008, despite crashing out of the singles event earlier, Wang and her teammates Feng and Li won the top title and US$8,000 at the ITTF Pro Tour ERKE German Open in Berlin. In an all-Singapore singles final at the Polish Open in Warsaw on 30 November, Wang took silver against Feng who achieved her first professional singles title. She was fifth in "Today" newspaper's list of athletes of the year for 2008.
On 24 May 2009, Wang and Yang Zi beat Gao Ning and Sun Beibei to the mixed doubles gold in an all-Singaporean final at the 18th Commonwealth Table Tennis Championships in Glasgow. The next day, Wang also took the singles title from her teammate Yu Mengyu.
Wang participated in the 25th Southeast Asian Games in Vientiane, Laos. She was a member of the Singapore women's team with Feng Tianwei and Sun Beibei that beat Thailand 3–0 on 10 December 2009. On 13 December, she and her partner Yang defeated compatriots Feng and Gao in an all-Singapore final in the mixed doubles. The following day, in another all-Singapore encounter, she and her partner Feng were beaten by Sun Beibei and Yu Mengyu in the women's doubles. The following day, she picked up another silver in the singles competition after battling Feng.
Together with Feng and Sun, Wang was a member of the team at the Liebherr World Team Table Tennis Championships in Moscow that defeated China, 17-time winner and the reigning world champion, with a score of 3–1 on 30 May 2010. This was the first time that Singapore had won the event. In the game she played, Wang beat world number one Liu Shiwen. The "Southern Daily" published in Guangdong criticized Chinese sports authorities for permitting China-born players like Wang, Feng and Li to leave and play for other countries: "For the sake of developing the sport, China has been talking about 'breeding wolves'. Well, now the wolf has grown up and it has returned home to bite."
On 3 May 2010, the Singapore National Olympic Council named the national women's table tennis team of which she is a member together with Feng Tianwei, Zena Sim Kai Xin, Sun Beibei and Yu Mengyu as Team of the Year (Team Event) for 2009. Later in the year, she clinched the gold in the women's singles at the 2010 Japan Open of the ITTF Pro Tour on 4 July, beating Zhu Yuling 4–0 in less than half an hour.
At the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi, Wang and her colleagues Feng and Li beat the hosts to take the women's team gold medal on 8 October. She also won the mixed doubles competition with Yang on 12 October, took silver with Feng in the women's doubles on 14 October, and clinched the bronze medal in the singles the day before. Subsequently, at the 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou, Wang and her teammates Feng and Li achieved the silver in the women's team event on 16 November.
2012 Summer Olympics.
Wang represented Singapore at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. In the women's singles, she was defeated 4–1 by Japan's Kasumi Ishikawa in the quarterfinals on 31 July. She also participated in the women's team competition with Feng Tianwei and Li Jiawei. They were beaten 0–3 by Japan in the semifinals, but took the bronze medal on 7 August by edging South Korea out 3–0. Feng defeated Kim Kyung Ah 11–9, 11–8, 4–11, 13–11; and Li also successfully fended off Seok Ha Jung 11–5, 11–8, 6–11, 11–8. Li and Wang then succeeded in the doubles game against Seok and Dang Ye Seo 11–9, 11–6, 6–11, 11–5. This marked the first time Singapore had won more than one medal at an Olympic Games.
Retirement.
On 29 August 2012, Wang announced to "The Straits Times" that she had submitted her resignation from competitive sports on 24 August to spend more time with her mother and her husband Gabriel Lee, a Taiwanese based in Germany. She indicated that she would like to start a family, and to study economics and management, or sport psychology. She said: "It's the right time to leave. I'm getting old, I've been injured, and I've a family now. It's time to give our youth paddlers a chance. If it's still the three of us Tianwei, Li Jiawei and herself at Rio in 2016, it's not good for the development of Singapore sport."

</doc>
<doc id="18912080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912080" title="Youth Of The Nation Conference">
Youth Of The Nation Conference

Youth Of The Nation is an annual Christian Youth Conference held in Wanganui, New Zealand. Unlike many other Christian conferences, this event is not held by one specific church or denomination. Youth Of The Nation Conferences are hosted by the Wanganui Christian Youth Workers collective, a group of Christian youth pastors & workers from different denominations & churches across the city of Wanganui. Youth pastors are represented from Anglican, Apostolic, Assemblies of God, Baptist, Open Brethren, Catholic, Incedo (YFC) NZ & Presbyterian. The conference also has support from churches, where the youth workers are not able to attend meetings, due to various circumstances, including Christian Outreach Centre, Elim, Salvation Army, & Non-denominatial.
Vision.
Youth Of The Nation (YOTN) aims to encourage and empower Christian young people to pursue Jesus Christ with a zeal that will impact their generation. As an event, the goal is to provide a 3-4 day event that is affordable for more New Zealand young people, while maintaining the standards & excellence of some of the leading national conferences.
The vision to hold YOTN came from Wanganui A/G youth pastor, Ben Hoyle. In 2003, Ben approached the local city youth workers to hold the conference as a city. He recognised that for one church to put on such a large event was too much, and that together the city could pull its resources and achieve the goal. With many of the city youth workers on board, plans were made to hold the very first conference in July 2004.
Each year YOTN has gained momentum. Each year attendance grows and more young people leave excited about their faith.
"YOTN continues to build in its momentum, magnitude and excellence. It is great to see more and more young people coming and leaving radically changed. The greatest thrill for me is seeing the hunger in the younger generation for the reality of God and a deep desire to walk in God's ways. Long may it continue." - "Ps Iliafi Esera (Faith City Church A/G, Wanganui)"
In 2011, the event moved from the Wanganui Central Baptist Church, where it had been held for 6 years, to the School Hall at Wanganui City College. Then in 2012, YOTN IX was moved to the War Memorial Hall Convention Centre which seats 1500 people.
History.
Conferences.
Starting with Youth Of The Nation 2004, the conference has been held annually.
Speakers.
Youth Of The Nation Conference has been blessed over the years with some great speakers from across New Zealand, along with many of the gifted ministers from Wanganui itself. Here is a list of all those who have spoken, either in main sessions or electives, over the years:
Youth Of The Nation: Preliminary Event.
YOTN holds a special preliminary event that is held in Term One of the school year. It serves to bring youth groups and ministries together in cities around the nation. It also gives young people a taste of what the actual conference in July will be like.
Youth Of The Nation: Leadership Event.
Following the 10th Anniversary Conference in 2013, YOTN launched a leadership development event held in the later part of the year. "The Aim is to bring youth pastors, leaders and workers together from across Aotearoa to be encouraged, empowered and equipped."
YOTN Championship.
Youth Of The Nation strives to bring in different elements to provide a different kind of event. In 2008, the conference added a sports extension. The YOTN Championship is a sports tournament where the different churches/youth groups attending the conference enter teams to compete for the YOTN Championship Trophy. It is a fun competitive event.

</doc>
<doc id="18912101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912101" title="Dang Ye-Seo">
Dang Ye-Seo

Dang Ye-Seo (Hangul: 당예서, Hanja: 唐汭序; born April 27, 1981 in Changchun, Jilin, China and originally known as Tang Na 唐娜) is a naturalized South Korean table tennis player. She was part of the table tennis team that won a bronze medal in the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18912110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912110" title="Park Mi-young">
Park Mi-young

Park Mi-Young (born November 17, 1981 in Daegu, Republic of Korea) is a female South Korean table tennis player.
She was part of the table tennis team that won a bronze medal in the 2008 Summer Olympics. Park currently plays for the Samsung Life Insurance Table Tennis team and is ranked 24th in the world as of October 2011. She qualified directly for the 2012 Summer Olympics in May 2011. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she reached the last 16 in the women's individual, and placed fourth with South Korean women's team.
Career records.
Singles (as of November 9, 2010)
Women's Doubles
Mixed Doubles
Team

</doc>
<doc id="18912124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912124" title="Blast Off (disambiguation)">
Blast Off (disambiguation)

Blast Off is a 1989 video game.
Blast Off may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18912217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912217" title="Global Sources Magazines">
Global Sources Magazines

Global Sources Magazines are a series of trade magazines designed for businesses importing from China and Asia. There are 19 specialized industry-specific titles published by the business-to-business media company Global Sources (NASDAQ-GS: GSOL). All except two titles are published monthly.
Global Sources offers four core services to buyers to facilitate trade – online marketplaces, print and digital magazines, sourcing research reports, and trade shows ("China Sourcing Fairs").
History.
The magazine series originated from the export trade magazine Asian Sources, which was first published in 1971 by Trade Media Ltd in Hong Kong. It presented facts, analyzed developments, and anticipated market trends for its readers. The magazine also featured advertisements of suppliers of Asian-made products.
As trade trends evolved, the editors decided to publish separate titles based on major trade products, starting with Asian Sources Electronics in 1974. Other industry-specific titles were introduced over the years, such as Asian Sources Timepieces, Asian Sources Electronic Components and Asian Sources Computer Products. These magazines provided international market trends and verified business contacts from China and Asia to buyers from Western markets.
The company launched the print magazines on CD-ROMs in 1996 and went online in 2008 with digital versions of the print magazines.
As the company’s customer base and span of business expanded globally, a new corporate identity was established in 1998 to reflect this. “Asian Sources” became “Global Sources” and all its publications now carry the new name.
Content.
Global Sources Magazines has 19 titles, each focusing on a major export industry.
Each issue contains reports on trade news and market trends of the focus industry. The editorial policy advocates objective reporting of export and industry trends in China and Asia.
The magazines also feature detailed profiles of the latest products, along with specifications and photos. All advertisers and featured companies are “verified suppliers” – which indicates that Global Sources has visited or called them and confirmed their business details.
Readers can contact suppliers directly through advertisements and product/advertiser indexes. Advertisements in magazines are bound by strict advertising standards, and are mostly advised & produced by an in-house creative agency, thus maintaining a level of professionalism.
Editions.
There are 19 completely distinct titles of Global Sources Magazines, each focused on a major export industry, and worked on by a different editorial and research team. Listed below are the different editions, accompanied by the product lines they cover.
Auto Parts & Accessories: Auto safety & security automotive equipment, vehicle accessories, vehicle parts, vehicles 
Baby & Children's Products: Apparel, bedding & furniture, footwear, school supplies, toy 
Computer Products: Communications and networking, computer peripherals, computer subsystems, computer parts & services, internet communications
Electronic Components: Active components, batteries & power supplies, electromechanical components, interconnects, LEDs & optoelectronics
Electronics: Audio equipment, car electronics, personal/office electronics, photography equipment
video equipment
Fashion Accessories: Bags & cases, beauty products & cosmetics, jewelry, men's & women's apparel, watches & accessories
Garments & Textiles: Fabri, fiber & yarn, garment display supplies, textile packaging & printing, textile supplies & services, underwear & swimwear 
Gifts & Premiums: Games & hobbies, gift packaging, gifts & novelties, promotional gifts, stationery 
Hardware & DIY: Building supplies, general hardware, lawn & garden, sanitary ware & plumbing, tools & accessories
Home Products: BBQ supplies, furniture & furnishings, health & wellness, kitchen appliances, personal care 
India Products: India-made products including bags & cases, beauty products & cosmetics, jewelry, men's & women's apparel, watches & accessories
Korea Products: Korea-made products including car electronics, computer parts & service, computer subsystems, security cameras, surveillance products
Machinery & Industrial Supplies: Industrial machinery, industrial supplies, industry tooling & services, manufacturing equipment, vending machines
Medical & Health Products: Dentistry equipment, emergency products, medical care & supplies, medical equipment, physiotherapy supplies
Mobile & Wireless: Docking station, mobile device accessories, mobile phone, power banks, tablet PCs
Security Products: Access control products, auto safety & security, safety & emergency systems, security cameras, security systems & services 
Solar & Energy Saving Products: Building insulation, LED displays, light bulbs & tubes, solar product, wind & hydropower system
Sports & Leisure: Bikes & skates, camping & leisure, fitness accessories, fitness equipment
sporting goods
Telecom Products: Broadcasting equipment, Internet communications, satellite communications, telephones, wireless communications
Print, digital and mobile app editions are also available. However, India Products, Korea Products and Machinery & Industrial Supplies do not have print editions.

</doc>
<doc id="18912230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912230" title="Invisible Superman">
Invisible Superman

Invisible Superman (Chinese: 隱形超人, Hanyu Pinyin: "Yǐnxíng Chāorén") is Amber Kuo's first Chinese language album.

</doc>
<doc id="18912237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912237" title="Simone Venier">
Simone Venier

Simone Venier (born August 26, 1984) is an Italian rower. He won a silver medal in the men's quadruple sculls at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18912259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912259" title="Allium tribracteatum">
Allium tribracteatum

Allium tribracteatum, known by the common name Threebract onion, is a species of wild onion. 
Distribution.
The plant is endemic to California, where it is known only from the slopes of the Sierra Nevada in Tuolumne and Calaveras Counties. 
Description.
"Allium tribracteatum" is a small onion plant producing a stem only a few centimeters long from an oval-shaped bulb. There are two leaves which are usually much longer than the stem. 
The inflorescence contains up to 30 petite white to purple flowers, each less than a centimeter long. 

</doc>
<doc id="18912285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912285" title="Brianna (disambiguation)">
Brianna (disambiguation)

Breanna, Breanne, Briana, Briána, Brianna, Brianne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18912294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912294" title="Indian records in athletics">
Indian records in athletics

The following are the national records in athletics in India maintained by Athletics Federation of India (AFI).
Indoor.
Women.
X = unratified due to no doping control
<br>
<br>
ht = hand timing
<br>
A = affected by altitude

</doc>
<doc id="18912304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912304" title="James Dalton II">
James Dalton II

James Leo Dalton II (January 20, 1910 – May 16, 1945) was a general and commander of United States Army forces during World War II. He graduated from West Point in 1933 and earned the Silver Star during the strategically significant Guadalcanal Campaign in which he commanded the 161st Infantry Regiment as a Colonel.
Dalton later commanded the 161st during the New Georgia Campaign in 1943 and Battle of Luzon in 1945 before being promoted and reassigned as assistant commander of the 25th Infantry Division. He was killed by a Japanese sniper during the Battle of Balete Pass on May 16, 1945.
Birth and schooling.
Dalton was born in New Britain, Connecticut but moved to Naugatuck with his family at a very young age. There he attended Saint Francis of Assisi School, and in 1927 he graduated from Naugatuck High School. In 1929 he entered West Point, graduating in 1933, when he transferred from cavalry to infantry.
Early military history.
Dalton was posted at Pearl Harbor during the Japanese attack in 1941 and in January 1943 his regiment, the 161st Rifle (Infantry) Regiment, was sent to Guadalcanal, as part of the Americal Division's deployment to the island. The 161st took part in the final weeks of the campaign. For his duties during this campaign, Dalton was awarded the Silver Star and was promoted to lieutenant-colonel, then colonel. 
Dalton was given command of the 161st in the closing days of the Guadalcanal Campaign after its previous commander, Colonel Clarence Orndorff, was ordered back to the United States through illness. Initially the 161st was a National Guard regiment, but having seen combat in the Guadalcanal campaign and taken in veteran replacements the regiment had lost that title. After Guadalcanal the 161st was ordered to New Georgia Island to link up with the 145th and 148th Infantry Regiments, in an attempt to take out the Japanese airfield at Munda Point. On arrival at New Georgia Island on July 22, 1943, Dalton's regiment was placed under the command of General Robert S. Beightler. In a difficult campaign, in which his regiment was unable to make gains due to heavy enemy defensive positions, Dalton's regiment was also blamed by Colonel Baxter of the 148th for failures in the field. Beighter, although a fellow Ohio Guardsman of Baxter, decided that Dalton's command was sound and was able to remove Baxter from his position through a fortuitous element of Baxter's ill health.
Later military service and death.
After the 161st was deployed to the Philippines during the Battle of Luzon, Dalton was promoted to brigadier general and reassigned as assistant commanding general of the 25th Infantry Division. Soon after, Dalton was killed in action by a Japanese sniper during the Battle of Balete Pass on May 16, 1945. The pass where Dalton died was renamed in his honor after the battle, and is still sometimes referred to as Dalton Pass today. Dalton was one of only 11 US general officers killed in action during World War II.
Dalton was buried at USAFE Cemetery #1, Santa Barbara, Luzon on May 18, 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="18912307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912307" title="Spoken Web">
Spoken Web

Spoken Web, is a web portal, managing a wide range of online data-intensive content like Wikipedia articles, news updates, weather, travel and business articles for computer users who are blind or visually impaired based in Tel Aviv, Israel.
History.
Spoken Web was founded by Eyal Shalom in 2006. 
Core technology.
The site provides a simple, easy-to-use interface for navigating between the different sections and articles. Using the keyboard to navigate, everybody can hear the full range of an article content provided in a logical, clear, and understandable manner..
By those 3 keyboards, the user can operate the whole navigation: 'TAB' to pass from Item to Item, 'Enter' to select an item and 'Backspace' to go back to previous page

</doc>
<doc id="18912308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912308" title="Fred Sanborn">
Fred Sanborn

Fred Sanborn (November 23, 1899March 9, 1961) was an American vaudeville performer, actor, and musician. He was most notable as a member of Ted Healy's comedy troupe "Ted Healy and his Southern Gentlemen" (a group which included the trio that became the famous Three Stooges).
Sanborn appeared frequently in the group's early stage acts. However, after appearing with Healy, Moe Howard, Larry Fine, and Shemp Howard in the Rube Goldberg film "Soup to Nuts"—for which Sanborn also wrote a song—he left the group, preferring to concentrate on his music rather than become known as a "Healyite". Sanborn's character was a quasi-Chaplinesque little fellow (completely with the lopsided walk) who is never heard speaking, preferring to whisper in other characters' ears while waggling his thick eyebrows. He appeared in films sporadically throughout the 1930s-40s, often in small, unspeaking comedy roles.
His last performance was as a comedian on "The Ed Wynn Show" in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="18912311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912311" title="Public Utility Commission of Texas">
Public Utility Commission of Texas

The Public Utility Commission of Texas (PUC) is a state agency that regulates the state’s electric and telecommunication utilities, implements respective legislation, and offers customer assistance in resolving consumer complaints. 
In 1975, the Texas Legislature enacted the Public Utility Regulatory Act (PURA) and created the Public Utility Commission of Texas (PUC) to provide statewide regulation of the rates and services of electric and telecommunications utilities. Roughly twenty years later, the combined effects of significant Texas legislation in 1995 and the Federal Telecommunications Act of 1996 resulted in competition in telecommunication’s wholesale and retail services and the creation of a competitive electric wholesale market. Further changes in the 1999 Texas Legislature not only called for a restructuring of the electric utility industry but also created new legislation that ensured the protection of customers’ rights in the new competitive environment. Over the years, these various changes have dramatically re-shaped the PUC’s mission and focus, shifting from up-front regulation of rates and services to oversight of competitive markets and compliance enforcement of statutes and rules. 
Since the introduction of competition in both the local and long distance telecommunications markets and the wholesale and retail electric markets, the PUC has also played an important role in overseeing the transition to competition and ensuring that customers receive the intended benefits of competition.
Additionally, the PUC regulates the rates and services of transmission and distribution utilities that operate where there is competition, investor-owned electric utilities where competition has not been chosen, and incumbent local exchange companies that have not elected incentive regulation.
The PUC’s mission is to “protect customers, foster competition, and promote high quality infrastructure.”
The agency is headquartered in the William B. Travis State Office Building at 1701 North Congress in Austin. In 2011, the former commission chairman, Barry Smitherman resigned to become a member of the Texas Railroad Commission, under appointment from Governor Rick Perry.

</doc>
<doc id="18912318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912318" title="Balkanton">
Balkanton

Balkanton was a state-owned record manufacturing company in Bulgaria founded in 1952. Many of the produced records were, or still are available in the countries of the Soviet bloc.
Balkanton's plant in Sofia was equipped for all aspects of record manufacturing from recording the masters and pressing the vinyl records to printing the cover. 
Multi-channel sound recording was introduced in 1972 with equipment purchased from England. In 1982 Balkanton received its own digital recording equipment. By the mid-1980s annual LP production reached 9 million units.
The company mainly produced LPs and from 1980 it started to manufacture cassettes. Being the only record company in Bulgaria during 4 decades, Balkanton accumulated a vast library of performances of folk, classical, Bulgarian and foreign popular music, theater, poetry and more.
After a couple of attempts to reorganize the company in the 1990s, it was finally privatized in 1999. Currently, Balkanton is reissuing some of its old recordings, mainly in the digital format, closing deals with digital distributors like Amazon.com, Spotify, Napster, 7digital and more.

</doc>
<doc id="18912328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912328" title="William Hardie">
William Hardie

William Ross Hardie (6 January 1862 – 3 May 1916) was a Scottish classical scholar, Professor of Humanity at Edinburgh University from 1895 until his death.
Early life.
Hardie was born in Edinburgh in 1862 and educated there at Circus Place School and Edinburgh University, where he graduated MA in 1880, and then at Balliol College, Oxford, where he graduated BA and later MA. In 1882 he was awarded the Gaisford Prize for Greek verse, among other distinctions, and was considered the most brilliant undergraduate classicist of his generation. 
Career.
Elected to a fellowship at Balliol in 1884, he spent a year abroad, mostly in Greece and Italy, and returned to his college, staying there as Fellow and Tutor at Balliol from 1884 to 1895 and also serving as the University's Junior Proctor in 1893-1894. 
At Balliol, he taught a form of Greek that was "simple, pronounceable, and intelligible to the ear", writing to John Stuart Blackie "I always endeavour to make the accent audible in pronouncing Greek. I quote, read, or recite Greek as much as possible, and I frequently teach composition orally, by... choosing by chance a piece of English and working out a version of it by common suggestion and discussion".
In 1895, he was appointed Professor of Humanity at Edinburgh University.
He died on 3 May 1916 after suffering a severe attack of influenza in January 1916.
Sons.
Hardie was the father of William Francis Ross Hardie (1902–1990) and Colin Graham Hardie (1906–1998), both also classical scholars. His elder son, W. F. R. (Frank) Hardie, was President of Corpus Christi College, Oxford, from 1950 to 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="18912340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912340" title="Myepic">
Myepic

Biography
my/epic/vice is an Alt/pop/Rock outfit, It comprises Jeff Strodl behind the mic, bassist Matthys Cronje, lead guitars JP Sing, and on the drums Jonathan Jackson. The band have been writing a lot of new material this year and hopes to have something new for you when it's ready ;b.
Download our 2012 single "Leave this love" for free at ... [https://soundcloud.com/myepicvice/leave-this-love]
[https://soundcloud.com/myepicvice]
It’s been six years since the release of the band’s debut full-length album, The Love Industry, on Murdercall Records, under their original name Myepic. It was produced by Hanu de Jong of The Narrow. Two years later a seven-track EP, Happiness Hurts, on Sheer Sound, followed. It was produced by SAMA-winner Neal Snyman, who has worked with dozens of rock legends, including the Springbok Nude Girls. Lyrically this material was darker, encapsulating various challenges and temptations faced by some of the band members and their chosen rock ‘n roll lifestyle. Then, whilst registering on iTunes, the lads discovered an Amercian outfit named My Epic had beat them to it, forcing them to alter their name in order to differentiate themselves.
This, their latest offering, A life worth livin’ in the VIP, sees both an updated name, plus a new sound and direction for the band. ‘Stop trying to be cool and just have fun’ is their present day motto. Produced in-house by Grant Bez, this is the first album the band feels is really their own, with no influence from record labels and industry pressure to fit in a certain mould. It will also be the last album released to music stores, as they believe the way forward is singles and digital.
Some of the highlights of the band’s career thus far include touring Germany in 2006, opening for Seether at the Standard Bank Arena in 2008, all the live studio experiences at MK’s Studio 1, and touring with SA stalwarts The Parlotones (and realising it takes a lot of hard work to get to where they are). In 2010 Kahn Morbee provides additional vocals on the track Don’t you love dancing. Make up your mind was written by Jay Bones from Fuzigish, with Strodl, who wanted to experiment with different styles of song writing and learn something new from his peers. Playing live on an internet broadcast to fans around the world on the 1st season of SkyRoomLive in 2012. Working with Producer Kevin lytcher to record our single " Leave this love" that was the 1st of our songs to be play listed on 94.7 Highvelt radio in 2012
If you haven’t yet caught these guys live, you’re missing out; the unbridled energy of their show is quite something to behold. Dirty rock ‘n rollers on the outside, genuinely nice guys within. Bad boys you could still take home to mom.
Always Remembered, Never Forgotten. Kerran Yates 1986 - 2012
Releases.
Myepic released their debut full-length album "The Love Industry" on Murdercall Records in 2006 it was a critical failure, and a 7-track EP "Happiness Hurts" on Sheer Sound in 2008.
Band members.
Current Line-up

</doc>
<doc id="18912348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912348" title="Allium yosemitense">
Allium yosemitense

Allium yosemitense is a species of wild onion known by the common name Yosemite onion.
Description.
This onion, "Allium yosemitense", grows from a bulb two to three centimeters long, producing a stem up to about in maximum height and two long, flat leaves which are usually a bit longer. 
The inflorescence bears up to 50 white or pink flowers, each on a pedicel which may be over long. 
Distribution.
"Allium yosemitense" is endemic to the central Sierra Nevada of California, where it is known from only a few areas in the vicinity of Yosemite Valley and in Yosemite National Park. 
The habitats it can be found in include: California interior chaparral and foothill woodlands, Sierra Nevada lower montane forest (Yellow Pine Forest), Mediterranean California Lower Montane Black Oak-Conifer Forest (Mixed Evergreen Forest). 
It is listed by the State of California as Rare, and included in the California Native Plant Society—CNPS Inventory of Rare and Endangered Plants. 

</doc>
<doc id="18912432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912432" title="Telogis Inc.">
Telogis Inc.

Telogis Inc. is a privately held US-based company that develops location-based software to manage mobile resources.
Telogis sells software as a service (SaaS) which incorporate location information into applications for industrial users as well as geospatial software development toolkits.
History.
Telogis was founded in 2001 by Newth Morris and Ralph Mason. 
It provides strategic and dynamic routing, real-time work order management, telematics, and mobile integration.
Former Novell Inc. Chairman and CEO Jack Messman is chairman of the board of directors.
In February 2009, Telogis acquired Darby Corporate Solutions.
In July 2010, Telogis acquired the assets of Remote Dynamics, expanding its growth into the construction and heavy equipment industries.
In February 2011, Telogis acquired the assets of Intergis, a provider of routing, mobile resource and fleet management software for approximately 2,000 small to mid-sized business fleets.
Private investors provided $2.9 million for this transaction.
In June 2011, Telogis partnered with Ford on Crew Chief, technology in several of Ford's commercial vehicles.
Telogis released a service called Progression in September 2011, for routing, real-time work order management, telematics and mobile integration.
In November 2011, they announced the acquisition of NavLogix. 
The acquisition included Onboard Advisor, a risk-reduction product supplied by insurance provider Liberty Mutual Agency Corporation.
Telogis announced an initiative in March 2012 with insurance company Travelers, becoming a provider for its IntelliDrive fleet safety program. 
In late March 2012 Telogis announced the acquisition of the Maptuit business, extending its reach into location-based intelligence and feedback-driven map data, for industries such as oil, gas and mining that operate in remote areas where commercial map information may be limited.
In July 2012 Telogis announced the acquisition of Navtrak, adding significant growth to its user base particularly in the small to medium fleet segment. The acquisition resulted in Telogis Navigation, a unique product that offers drivers a community of their peers and built-in feedback systems to provide up-to-date road network information.
The company was ranked as one of Orange County's fastest-growing private companies in 2010.
Telogis was named one of America’s most promising companies by Forbes, named a 2011 Red Herring Top 100 Global Winner, named to its fourth-consecutive Technology Fast 500™ by Deloitte, and ranked on the Inc 5000 list every year since 2007 as one of the fastest growing private companies in North America by "Inc." Magazine's.
The company's first outside venture capital was announced in October 2013, with $93 million from Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers.
Products and services.
Telogis provides enterprises with a location-based intelligence platform that allows them to effectively manage all their mobile resources. This platform offers fleets a single web-based tool that covers a range of business operations including telematics, route planning, personnel monitoring, asset tracking and work order management. Support is also provided to telematic OEMs, developers of mapping applications and API system integrators.
Telogis Fleet (formerly OnTrack), the company’s GPS-based fleet productivity and management platform, is a service for fleets. Telogis Fleet performs real-time tracking and statistical metrics of vehicles installed with their GPS tracking devices. The devices stream GPS data to the Telogis servers via GSM and CDMA cellular and satellite networks. Telogis Fleet gives fleet managers secure, remote access to real-time GPS vehicle and driver information as well as providing dispatch and route optimization, weather and traffic data, custom GIS map data, and hand-held products for fleet optimization.
Telogis application programming interface tools and software development kits provide an additional level of customization. For example, customers customize Telogis Fleet and layer vertical-specific GIS data, such as gas and power lines into the web-based viewer.
Telogis Route is a vehicle route planning and optimization tool for fleets. It enables fleets with large numbers of vehicles to plan routes, factoring restrictions such as customer time windows, driver skills, vehicle attributes or equipment needed for the job. Telogis Route is marketed as software as a service through a web interface.
Telogis Progression is a web-based SaaS that offers real-time job creation, tracking (including estimated time of arrival and completion), routing (including preplanned routes and dynamic changes throughout the day), dispatching, customer service notifications, route compliance reporting, job completion reporting, real-time traffic conditions and integration with existing ERP systems via API tools.
Telogis Mobile (formerly OnTrack Workforce) is a wireless location-enabled application that allows businesses to increase regulatory compliance, streamline operations, and improve customer service while eliminating paperwork and manual dispatch functions. Telogis Mobile can be run on any Windows CE device.
The navigation functionality enables drivers to route themselves to known customer locations as well as new locations entered on the fly. Stops can also be dispatched using Telogis Fleet.
Telogis GeoBase geographic information system (GIS) and mapping software supports maps, navigation, geocoding, reverse geocoding and route optimization for vehicle telematics. The strong demand for a geospatial mapping platform was initially derived from other peers in the AVL and GPS location industry. Telogis GeoBase is used by AVL companies as their geospatial platform to power their applications including companies such as Stanley Steemer, Descartes, and Dexterra as well as government agencies. 

</doc>
<doc id="18912447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912447" title="Swimhiking">
Swimhiking

Swimhiking is a recreation activity which combines hiking and outdoor swimming. It has been conceived by Peter Hayes while hiking in the Lake District of England. When hiking and you arrive at a lake, you change into a swimming costume and put your clothes in a waterproof rucksack and you swim across the lake. On the other side you change back into your hiking gear and continue hiking.

</doc>
<doc id="18912466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912466" title="Doresópolis">
Doresópolis

Doresópolis is a Brazilian municipality located in the west of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 1,492 people living in a total area of 153 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Oeste de Minas and to the micro-region of Piumhi. It became a municipality in 1962.
Location.
The city center of Doresópolis is located at an elevation of 679 meters. Neighboring municipalities are: Bambuí (N and W), Iguatama (N and NE), Pains (E), and Piumhi (S).
The distance to Belo Horizonte is 334 km. The distance to regional center Piumhi is 35 km. In 2000 the connecting roads were not paved.
Economic activities.
Services and agriculture are the most important economic activities. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$11 million, 5 million reais from services, 1 million reais from industry, and 4 million reais from agriculture. There were 205 rural producers on 12,000 hectares of land. 34 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 600 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main crops are coffee, rice, beans, and corn. There were 7,000 head of cattle (2006).
There were no banks (2007) and 161 automobiles (2007), giving a ratio of 8 inhabitants per automobile.
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 2 public health clinics (2005). Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Divinópolis, Piumhi or Formiga. Educational needs of 400 students were met by 1 primary school, 1 middle school, and 1 pre-primary school.
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$212.00 was below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest was Setubinha with R$73.00.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="18912502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912502" title="Virgilius of Arles">
Virgilius of Arles

Virgilius of Arles (died c. 610) (Virgil, Virgile) was Archbishop of Arles in Gaul.
According to a life written in the eighth century he was born in a village of Aquitaine, became a monk, Abbot of Lérins, and Bishop of Arles, where he built a basilica of Saint Stephen and another of the Saviour. This life, accepted in its outlines by Mabillon and the Bollandists, is the scarcely modified reproduction of the "Life" of St. Maximus, Bishop of Riez, written by the patrician Dynamius before the death of Virgilius.
According to Gregory of Tours, Virgilius was first Abbot of the Monastery of St. Symphorien at Autun, and through the support of Syagrius, Bishop of Autun, succeeded Lizier as Bishop of Arles. In his zeal for the conversion of the numerous Jews whom trade attracted to Provence, Virgilius employed force. Gregory the Great wrote (591) to Virgilius, and to Theodore, Bishop of Marseille, praising their good intentions but recommending them to confine their zeal to prayer and preaching.
On 1 August 595, St. Gregory extended to Virgilius the title of pontifical vicar, granted to the bishops of Arles by Pope Zosimus (519); this dignity made him the intermediary between the Gallic episcopate and the Apostolic See. King Childebert was urged by the pope to assist Virgilius in exterminating simony from the Churches of Gaul and Germania. Gregory several times requested Virgilius (596, 601) to extend a welcome to Augustine of Canterbury and his monks, whom he was sending to England. On another occasion he recommended to his protection a monastery belonging to the Patrimony of the Roman Church of which Lizier had taken possession. In a letter to Virgilius and to Syagrius, Bishop of Autun, the pope complains (July, 599) of their negligence in not preventing the marriage of Syagria, a woman who, having embraced the religious life, had been violently given in marriage. In 601 Gregory advised Virgilius to assemble a council against simony and to induce the Bishop of Marseilles to reform his house.
On 23 August, 613, Pope Boniface IV sent the "pallium" to Virgilius's successor Florian.

</doc>
<doc id="18912523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912523" title="John Garvey (soccer)">
John Garvey (soccer)

John Garvey (born March 26, 1969 in Guilford, Connecticut) is a retired American soccer player.
Career.
College.
Garvey played college soccer at the University of Maryland from 1987 to 1990.
Professional.
In 1991, following his graduation from Maryland, Garvey had a trial with Coventry City but was not offered a contract. He returned to the United States and signed with the Miami Freedom of the American Professional Soccer League. After eight games, he was traded to the Albany Capitals where he played in the 1991 APSL championship game. In 1992, he moved to the San Francisco Bay Blackhawks of the A-League, and on November 7, 1992, he signed with the Milwaukee Wave of the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL) for the 1992-1993 winter indoor season. 
In the spring of 1994, he joined the expansion Carolina Vipers of the Continental Indoor Soccer League for the summer indoor season before returning to the NPSL that fall, this time with the Wichita Wings. In the summer of 1995, he played outdoors with the Myrtle Beach Boyz of the USISL. The Boyz folded at the end of the season. In June 1995, the Wings traded Garvey moved to the Tampa Bay Terror in exchange for Mike Britton. On January 17, 1996, the Terror traded Garvey to the Baltimore Spirit in exchange for Zak Ibsen. 
On February 6, 1996, the Los Angeles Galaxy selected him in the 4th round (34th overall) in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. He played thirteen games with the Galaxy during their debut 1996 season., before retiring from professional competition in 1997 at the age of 28.
Garvey will inducted into the Connecticut Soccer Hall of Fame in April of 2014.
International.
In 1992 Garvey earned one cap, scoring one goal, with the U.S. National Futsal team.

</doc>
<doc id="18912526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912526" title="Alopecurus aequalis">
Alopecurus aequalis

Alopecurus aequalis is a common species of grass known by the common name shortawn foxtail. 
It is native to much of the temperate Northern Hemisphere from Eurasia to North America, where it can be found in many types of habitat. 
Description.
This perennial bunchgrass is variable in appearance. It produces bunches of erect stems between 10 and about 70 centimeters in height. The leaves are short, rarely exceeding 10 centimeters long. The cylindrical inflorescence is a few centimeters long and blooms with white to yellow to bright orange anthers.
Ecology.
One variety of this species, var. "sonomensis", is a rare California endemic grass which is federally listed as an endangered species of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18912529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912529" title="Daniel Walsh (rower)">
Daniel Walsh (rower)

Daniel Walsh (born May 31, 1979 in Norwalk, Connecticut) is an American rower. He won a bronze medal in the men's eight at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Walsh attended Brien McMahon High School in Norwalk. Prior to 2008 he had served as an alternate for the men's eight in the 2004 Summer Olympics but did not have a chance to row during those games.

</doc>
<doc id="18912548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912548" title="Christina Loukas">
Christina Loukas

Christina Loukas (b. Riverwoods, Illinois, December 19, 1985) is an American diver. She competes in the 3 meter springboard event.
Loukas is of Greek origin, born and grown up in Riverwoods, Illinois, and she studied gymnastics, swimming, and diving from an early age, before switching to diving exclusively at age twelve. She attended Deerfield High School in Deerfield, Illinois and competed in the off season with the Coho Swim Club. She later moved to Bloomington, Indiana and currently lives in The Woodlands, Texas.
Collegiate career.
She attended Indiana University and swam for the Indiana Hoosiers, where she was an eight-time NCAA All-American. Loukas won all three diving events at the conference championships, and was one of only four Big Ten divers to accomplish that feat. She graduated in May 2009.
Competitive swimming.
Loukas placed fourth at the 2008 FINA Swimming World Cup. She competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, placing ninth, and in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, England, placing eighth.

</doc>
<doc id="18912564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912564" title="Town Plot Hill">
Town Plot Hill

Town Plot is a neighborhood in the west end of the city of Waterbury, Connecticut. It has historical significance as the original settlement of Waterbury in 1674. This is commemorated with the Harrub Pilgrim Memorial statue at the corner of Highland and Sunnyside Avenues.
Demographics.
Town Plot is one of several neighborhoods in Waterbury with a strong Italian influence. The neighborhood is home to many Italian restaurants and delis, as well many Italian-American owned businesses. The neighborhood is also home to Our Lady of Mt. Carmel Church. The parish is famous for its popular four day feast every July which draws thousands of visitors who come to enjoy homemade food as well as live Italian entertainment. The feast is specifically known for its fried dough, soffritto sandwiches, Italian ice, and pastries. 
Population
Town Plot makes up 29,211 of Waterbury's 110,189 population. Of that number, 14,355 are males and 14,856 are female. Town Plot has 11,861 households.
Municipalities.
There is a fire station located in the center of Town Plot which serves the neighborhood out of the Highland Ave. fire house.
Town Plot Fire Station
Education.
The following is a list of schools in Town Plot. The area consists of 3 public and 2 private schools, including 2 high schools.
In April 2001, President George W. Bush visited B.W. Tinker School and praised the administration at Tinker, an urban school, for significantly improving the students' standardized test scores over the past eight years.

</doc>
<doc id="18912567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912567" title="Steven Coppola">
Steven Coppola

Steven Coppola (born on May 22, 1984 in Buffalo, New York) and is an American rower. He won a bronze medal in the men's eight at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Biography.
Steven Coppola was born on May 22, 1984 in Buffalo, New York, and attended Canisius High School, where he started rowing in 1998 at West Side Rowing Club's "Learn-to-Row" camp, he then went on to row at Canisius High School, where he won multiple Scholastic National Rowing Championships. He graduated from Canisius High School in 2002. He then went onto get his undergraduate degree from Princeton University in Psychology, from which he graduated in 2006. He also won numerous National and International titles while rowing for Princeton and in 2005 and 2006 he was a member of the Princeton varsity eight that finished second in the Intercollegiate Rowing Association Championships. In the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China he made his debut at the Olympic Games rowing for the United States, where he and his team took third and a Bronze Medal in a come from behind finish after trailing the entire race and being in last place at the last 500 meter mark of the 2000 meter race with a final time of 5:25.34 which was less than 2 seconds behind first place Canada. Copolla is also the first ever athlete from Western New York's West Side Rowing Club to receive an Olympic Medal.
See also.
Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's eight
Rowing at the Summer Olympics
2008 Summer Olympics

</doc>
<doc id="18912580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912580" title="Josh Inman">
Josh Inman

Josh Inman (born March 13, 1980) is an American rower. Inman was born and raised in Hillsboro, Oregon where he graduated from Hillsboro High School and became an Eagle Scout. He lettered with the Oregon State Beavers men's rowing team during the years 2000-2003. After graduation, he joined the US National Team with some success and was selected as the USRowing Male athlete of the year in 2005. In the 2008 Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the men's eight. He won the Stewards' Challenge Cup at the 2010 Henley Royal Regatta. 

</doc>
<doc id="18912600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912600" title="Marcus McElhenney">
Marcus McElhenney

Marcus McElhenney (born July 27, 1981) is an American coxswain. He won a bronze medal in the men's eight at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
McElhenney first competed internationally in 2002, representing the United States in Lintz, Austria at the Nations' Cup (Under 23 World Championships) where he coxed the men's eight to a silver medal. McElhenney was invited to try out for the 2002 Under 23 World Championship team, but was among the first cut from the selection camp, allegedly because of complaints over his performance the year before.
His first major international success at the senior/Olympic level came at the 2003 World Rowing Championships in Milan where he won a gold medal in the coxed four event. A year later at the 2004 World Rowing Championships he won a bronze medal in the same event. At 2005 World Rowing Championships he coxed both the eights and fours, winning a gold and a silver medal respectively. In 2007 won both the eights and coxed fours at the 2007 USRowing championships.
McElhenney grew up in Delaware County, Pennsylvania and graduated from Temple University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He is also the cousin of actor Rob McElhenney. He currently works at Sparks Consulting, a social business that is concerned with rowing community development.

</doc>
<doc id="18912616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912616" title="Alopecurus carolinianus">
Alopecurus carolinianus

Alopecurus carolinianus is a species of grass known by the common names Carolina foxtail and tufted foxtail. 
It is native to much of North America, including most of the United States and western Canada. It may be an introduced species in many areas, however. It is most common in moist areas. 
This is an annual bunchgrass forming tufts of erect stems up to about half a meter tall. The leaves are 8 to 15 centimeters in maximum length. The inflorescence is dense, cylindrical, and only a few centimeters long. It blooms in yellow to bright orange anthers.

</doc>
<doc id="18912619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912619" title="Academy Music Studio">
Academy Music Studio

Academy Music Studio is a professional recording studio located in Dewsbury, England which utilizes the latest digital recording technology and also traditional analogue equipment if required. 
It was opened in 1984 by its owner Keith Appleton, who was at the time a professional keyboard player, specializing in the Hammond organ. 
From the early 1990s, the Academy gained a prestigious reputation within the extreme metal community, and some of the well known metal bands to have recorded there include Paradise Lost, Cradle of Filth, My Dying Bride, Bal-Sagoth, Primordial, and Anathema.

</doc>
<doc id="18912620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912620" title="Sue Heap">
Sue Heap

Sue Heap is an author and illustrator from the United Kingdom.
Early life.
Heap was born in 1954 in Hampshire, England. As a child she would write a draw to reflect her rootless lifestyle, living in such places as Singapore and Egypt. Later she earned an art college degree from the Hull College of Art.
Style and Works.
Typical of Heap's illustrative style are people lacking necks with large gaps between their eyes.
Heap is well known for her illustrations in Jacqueline Wilson's books, such as in "How to Survive Summer Camp" (ISBN 978-0192727046) and "Double Act" (ISBN 978-0440413745), co-illustrating the latter with Nick Sharratt.
Awards and nominations.
1998 winner of the Smarties Prize Gold Award.
Nominated for the Greenaway Medal for her work with Sharratt, "Red Rockets and Rainbow Jelly".
Sources.
http://www.answers.com/topic/sue-heap

</doc>
<doc id="18912634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912634" title="Main Yarra Trail">
Main Yarra Trail

__NOTOC__
The Yarra Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows the Yarra River through the north eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The trail follows the river from near its mouth, through the city and suburbs to Westerfolds Park and Eltham. The Capital City Trail uses the same path up to Dights Falls, where it continues up the Merri Creek Trail as part of its loop around the city.
Bicycle Victoria has an ongoing campaign to have the path in Yarra Bend Park improved and the stairs at the east end of Gipps Street effectively removed from the trail by continuing the path on the west side of the river. Other alternatives include installing a ramp or installing a new footbridge near the Abbotsford Convent.
Following the Path.
The path starts just to the north of West Gate Bridge near the mouth of the Yarra River as it enters Port Phillip Bay by the punt landing. The punt allows cyclists and pedestrians to cross to Spotswood and the Hobsons Bay Coastal Trail and the Scienceworks Museum.
From the punt landing, the trail winds through Melbourne Docklands, initially as dedicated path on Lorimer St and then east of Todd Rd, continues as an on-road cycling lane on Lorimer St.
At the west side of Yarra's Edge and before the Docklands Highway, head off the road towards the bank of the river. The trail can be picked up, where it intersects with the Capital City Trail, at the southern end of the "Koori Eel Trap" footbridge.
The trail passes the north side of Jeff's Shed, the Crown Casino and the restaurant sector of Southbank on the shared and often busy pedestrian boulevarde with excellent views of the Melbourne CBD across the Yarra River. 
At the pedestrian bridge at Southbank you can choose to continue on the south bank or cross and follow the river on the north bank. The trail goes under the Princes Bridge next to Flinders Street Station, which is the starting point for the St Kilda road cycling lane to St Kilda beach; and Swanston street, a major cycling route through the city to Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology city campus, Melbourne University and the inner northern suburbs. 
On the north side of the river you can visit Federation Square, the newly established riverside park of Birrarung Marr, Melbourne Park, Melbourne Cricket Ground. On the south bank of the Yarra river you pass several rowing clubs with their boatsheds. You may come across a rowing coach cycling one handed while yelling instructions through a megaphone to the rowing team on the river. You will pass the Melbourne Botanic Gardens and historic Como House nearby. At MacRobertson Bridge the paths meet on the north side of the river.
In Richmond the path meets up with the Gardiners Creek Trail. After going under the Victoria street bridge in Abbotsford the path reaches the Walmer St shared pedestrian and cycle bridge. 
Once across the bridge on the north side of the river, travel halfway up the short steep hill (Walmer St) and turn immediately to the left (west) into the park. Travel along the path until it reaches Yarra boulevarde, where the path descends to cross the Yarra River again at the Gipps Street shared pedestrian and cycle bridge. Alternatively continue to follow the Yarra boulevarde to Studley Park - see below.
At Gipps Street, flights of steps connect to the concrete path on the western side of the river. Some cyclists choose to avoid the steps and ride the back streets of Abbotsford to meet the trail at the Collingwood Children's Farm. 
A short way further the trail comes to Dights Falls, an ancient meeting place for the Wurundjeri people and tribes of the Kulin nation. The weir and water race where used to power the Ceres flour mill once located here. Here the Capital City Trail follows the Merri Creek Trail up the Merri Creek. The Yarra River Trail crosses the Merri Creek here, passes under the Eastern Freeway and starts a long gradual up hill climb to Fairfield Hospital, before crossing the Yarra river at the pedestrian Pipe bridge at the Fairfield boathouse. The bridge is fairly narrow and you will need to walk across when it is busy. On the eastern side of the river the path climbs up steeply to Yarra Boulevard. Stop at the top to admire the sweeping views of the city skyline across Yarra Bend Park.
An interesting alternative to the Yarra River Trail at Yarra Bend Park is to follow the Yarra Boulevard as it meanders through the parkland of Yarra Bend following the river. It is a tourist drive with on-road cycling lanes, which provides access to the Studley Park boathouse, where row boats can be hired. After crossing the Eastern Freeway the road climbs up a hill where it meets the Yarra Trail again. 
From the top of the hill follow the Yarra boulevard down to the Chandler Highway. You can choose to wheel your bike down some steps to go under the bridge, or use the pedestrian crossing to access a ramped connecting path that leads down to the Yarra path, next to the National Guide Dog and Mobility Centre.
The northern end of the Anniversary Outer Circle Trail is 0.6 km from this point. Head south on the Chandler Highway and the Anniversary Trail can be found just across the bridge that crosses the Eastern Freeway. A safer alternative is to continue along the Yarra River Trail from the Chandler Highway to Willsmere Park - 1.5 km. You can cross under the Eastern Freeway at Willsmere Park and traverse to the Anniversary Trail via Hyde Park.
The Yarra River Trail tracks along the northern edge of the Eastern Freeway with first the La Trobe golf Club to the south over the river followed by the Kew Golf Club directly to the south. Yarra River is rejoined near Burke Rd. The trail crosses over a footbridge to the north side of the Yarra, just before the trail passes beneath the Burke Road bridge over the Yarra and Eastern Freeway. If you travel straight ahead instead of turning left to cross the footbridge you will find yourself on the Koonung Creek Trail. From the footbridge you can also use a hilly path, including a usually quiet on-road section (The Boulevard, East Ivanhoe), to access the Sparks Reserve end of the Darebin Creek Trail.
Along river flats, beside sporting ovals, market gardens, and paddocks with horses: it is easy to forget this parkland is in the middle of Melbourne's suburbs as you ride through Ivanhoe, Heidelberg, Lower Plenty and Templestowe to Westerfolds Park where there are many paths to explore.
On the way to Westerfolds Park you will find the turnoffs to the River Gum Walk Trail, the Plenty River Trail and the Ruffey Creek Trail.
The southerly section of the River Gum Walk Trail can easily be mistaken for the continuation of the Yarra River Trail. People coming from the south along the Yarra River Trail should turn right (east) 130m after crossing the canal at the end of Plymouth St, near the Banyule Tennis centre.
From the north east corner of Westerfolds Park, the path continues up the Yarra River 1 km to Candlebark Park. Cross the long footbridge across the Yarra at Candlebark Park to access the Diamond Creek Trail. The intersection is unsigned except for some instructions relating to the usage of the park.
The Yarra trail continues to follow the river past Pettys orchards and finally ends at the confluence of the Mullum Mullum Creek and the Yarra River in Templestowe. A lookout surveys the spot. The Mullum Mullum Creek Trail starts here leading to points further afield.
Landmarks.
Yarra River, Docklands, Southbank, Yarra Bend Park, Collingwood Children's Farm, Westerfolds Park.
Connections.
The trail leads to numerous other trails. Going from west to east:
Capital City Trail, Anniversary Trail, Koonung Creek Trail, River Gum Walk Trail, Plenty River Trail, Ruffey Creek Trail, Diamond Creek Trail and lower Mullum Mullum Creek Trail.
West end at .
East end at .

</doc>
<doc id="18912638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912638" title="Laurence Muir">
Laurence Muir

Sir Laurence Macdonald Muir, VRD, FSIA, FAIM (3 March 192521 April 2010) was an Australian philanthropist and businessman.
Early life.
Laurence Muir was born in Victoria and educated at Scotch College (Captain of School 1942), and the University of Melbourne. After service in the Royal Australian Navy from late 1942 until 1946, he gained a Law Degree and was admitted as a Barrister and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of Victoria in 1950. For 30 years from 1950 to 1980, Muir was a leading sharebroker specialising in underwriting major capital raisings for large Australian companies and a senior partner with Potter Partners.
Business.
Between 1981 and his death Sir Laurie served on the Boards of ANZ Bank, Alcoa of Australia Limited, Australian Consolidated Industries Limited, Wormald International Limited, National Commercial Union Limited, The Herald and Weekly Times Limited, Hudson Conway Limited, Publishing and Broadcasting Limited, Crown Limited, State Development Fund Ltd, and Templeton Global Growth Fund. He was Chairman of Liquid Air Australia Limited and served on the L’Air Liquide International Board. He served on the General Motors Australian Advisory Council since its formation in 1978.
He also served the Federal and State Governments and was a member of the Parliament House Construction Authority, the Australian National University Council and inaugural Chairman of the Canberra Development Board.
Philanthropy.
Laurence Macdonald Muir was knighted in 1981 for distinguished service to the community. His activities since then combined corporate board work with government and community service. 
He was involved in many charitable organisations and was a patron of both the Microsurgery Foundation and The Baker IDI Heart and Diabetes Institute. He was a founding trustee of Earthwatch Australia and a Board Member of the Sir Robert Menzies Trust. He was an honorary life trustee of CEDA. 
At the request of the Commonwealth Government he served for two terms on the Council of the Australian National University and served for eleven years (the duration) on the Board of the Parliament House Construction Authority.
In 1981 Muir established for the Federal Government, the Canberra Development Board and as its Chairman for eight years he was responsible for stimulating the private sector growth of the ACT economy. During this time he assisted the Government in attracting and staging the IAAF World Cup in Athletics in Canberra. As Chairman of the Parliament House Construction Authority Artworks Advisory Committee he worked with arts and crafts professionals from all over Australia to assemble the notable collection of 20th century art which is a feature of the new Parliament House.
In 1980 he chaired on behalf of CEDA (of which he was a life trustee) a two-day conference in Canberra involving federal ministers, opposition spokesmen, Trade Union leaders, treasure officials, academics, and forty business leaders. The Agenda explored the need for a business round table to be available for consultation with the Government and as a result the Australian Business Council was formed about 20 months later.
Throughout the eighties and early nineties he served on the General Motors Advisory Council and was active on the Anti Cancer Business (fund raiser) Committee, which he had chaired since its formation.
Muir was involved in setting up the Annual Cup Day Appeal, The Daffodil Day and more recently assisted Relay for Life to raise funds for the Cancer Council of Victoria. He served ten years on the Board of the Royal Flying Doctors Service (Victorian Division) and was a corporate fundraiser for the initial National Heart Foundation of Australia, Anti Cancer Council, and Menzies Foundation appeals. He served for fifteen years on the Menzies Foundation Board and for ten years on the National heart Foundation Board. For five years in the mid eighties he chaired the Australian Brain Foundation after which he served for ten years as a Trustee for the Foundation for Development Co-operation (Australian only private aid agency helping the people of underdeveloped countries).
In the lead up to the 1996 bid by Melbourne for the right to host the Olympic Games, he served as a Commissioner responsible for winning the votes of all IOC members in the Caribbean, Central and South American regions. After five visits to fifteen countries and visitation from the IOC officials, the quest ended unsuccessfully in Tokyo.
For almost forty years he was involved in the Alfred Hospital and Baker Medical Research Fund Raising effort. After 10 years of service on the Alfred Board he served as a Board Member and later Chairman of The Baker (Australia’s premier Heart Research Institute). He led several fund raising appeals for these institutions. For the past 20 years, he has been Patron of The Baker Medical Research Institute.
In 1987 he helped to bring the Earthwatch Institute to Australia and with Sir John Crawford, Professor Ruther Ford Robertson, and Dr Jim Vernon, was a founding Trustee. He remained active in Earthwatch until his death and was Co-Patron with Sir Ninian Stephen. Earthwatch has now funded and organised some 3000 scientific missions to save the Planet.
With Dr Bernard O’Brien, Sir William Kilpatrick, and Dr “Weary” Dunlop, he helped to establish the Micro Surgery Foundation in the early seventies. Various fundraising appeals and representation to State and Federal Government resulted in the opening of a first class research centre at St. Vincents Hospital. This centre is a world leader and is flourishing thanks to the skill of Bernard’s successor Prof Wayne Morrison and the leadership of Ronald Walker the current Chairman. Sir Laurence Muir is proud to be the Patron of the Microsurgery Foundation at the Bernard O’Brien Research Centre.
In the Mid seventies Laurence was challenged to raise $13 million to build St. Vincents Private Hospital for Sister Fabian the then Head of the Sisters of Charity at St Vincents. Urged on by the devout sister (“God will find a way Mr Muir”) the goal was achieved by persuading the State Government to provide a Government guarantee thereby making the loan a “30/20” semi Governmental which the Institutions were happy to subscribe at a rate the hospital could handle.
In the seventies he chaired a two-day conference of independent school Headmaster and Catholic school representatives, resulting the formation of the National Council of Independent Schools. For many years he served on the Council representing Scotch College and was Deputy Chairman to Ian Dixon of Shore.
In 1973 as Deputy Chairman of the Scotch College Council he was asked to Chair his third fundraising appeal. This led to the establishment of the Scotch College Foundation, which harnesses the funding resources of the whole Scotch Family to finance the building and development program of the School. To date the foundation has raised $37 million and most similar schools in Australia have adopted the format.
In the mid eighties he served with Sir Eric Neal as Chairman for the Finance Committee for the 6th Duke of Edinburgh Study Conference. The corporate response was such that after a successful conference a surplus of $250,000 was available for the future.
In 1984 he founded and funded the Delta Society of Australia. The aim of the society was to make Governments and the Community more aware of the benefits of pets both as companions and for therapy. Working with a group of leading Veterinarians and Dr Warwick Anderson of the Baker Medial Research Institute, a three-year study of heart patients showed that patients benefited substantially from a companion animal.
In the seventies he set up the Australian Innovation Corporation with ten major Institutions as shareholders. The aim of the Company was to encourage the commercial development of Australian inventions.
In 1984 at the request of the Commonwealth Government he chaired a partnership between the Government and the private sector, which was designed to encourage the commercial development of medical equipment and innovations in the major public hospitals and university laboratories. The Australian Biomedical Corporation was launched in the mid eighties with Muir as Chairman. It was subsequently the subject of a private sector takeover.
In 1986 he worked with Sir Ian McLennan and Mr Baillieu Myer and the Minister for Science Hon. Barry Jones to establish the National Science and Technology Centre. In 1988 the centre was built in the Parliamentary Triangle in Canberra enabling science to take its place with the Arts and the Law. The Board of the National Science and Technology Centre was asked by the Government to take hands on science to every part of Australia. Which has happened.
Sir Laurence assisted Prof Michael Gore through corporate sponsorship to establish Questacon. He served as Deputy Chairman from 1988 to 1996.
Sir Laurence Muir died on 21 April 2010, aged 85.
Centenary Medal.
He was awarded a Centenary Medal in 2001 “for outstanding service to the business, financial and research community”.
Publications.
In 2007, Muir published: "Some Inspirational People", subtitled: 15 inspirational Australians profiled by Laurence MacDonald Muir.
Those profiled were:

</doc>
<doc id="18912650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912650" title="BricsCAD">
BricsCAD

BricsCAD is a software application for computer-aided design (CAD) developed by Bricsys. The company was founded in 2002 by Erik de Keyser, a longtime CAD entrepreneur. In 2011 Bricsys acquired the intellectual property rights from Ledas for constraints-based parametric design tools permitting the development of applications in the areas of direct modeling and assembly design. Bricsys is headquartered in Ghent, Belgium, has additional development centers in Nizhny Novgorod and Novosibirsk, Russia, and in Bucharest, Romania, and is a founding member of the Open Design Alliance.
Products.
The BricsCAD software, available for the Windows and Linux operating systems, is available in three editions:
BricsCAD uses the Open Design Alliance DWG libraries to read and write the DWG file format made popular by the AutoCAD CAD package. BricsCAD implements the AutoLISP scripting language, DCL, VBA and BRX.
The software is capable of most contemporary AutoCAD release functions. With release 12 it added 3D direct modeling. V13 of BricsCAD was released in October 2012, is available in 17 language versions and provides support for BIM, mapping and assembly functionality.
Partners.
Bricsys is focused on the development of the core CAD software platform and works with application development partners to bring to market solutions for the AEC (Architecture, Engineering and Construction), Civil, GIS and mechanical CAD markets.

</doc>
<doc id="18912667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912667" title="Okinawa Senseki Quasi-National Park">
Okinawa Senseki Quasi-National Park


</doc>
<doc id="18912680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912680" title="Berlin–Ichthyosaur State Park">
Berlin–Ichthyosaur State Park

Berlin–Ichthyosaur State Park is a state park of Nevada, United States, preserving several undisturbed ichthyosaur fossils of the species "Shonisaurus popularis", as well as the early-20th-century ghost town of Berlin. The park is located east of Gabbs in far northwestern Nye County, approximately east of Reno. The ichthyosaur fossils were designated a National Natural Landmark in 1973.
Ichthyosaur fossils were first discovered in the area in 1928. Excavations were conducted through the 1960s, and the remains of approximately 40 ichthyosaurs were found. Until 2004, these remains included the largest ichthyosaurs ever discovered. Several specimens were left where they were found (in situ), and can be viewed by the public. These specimens are protected from the elements by a large barn. The fossils are about a 10 minute drive from Berlin Ghost Town.
Berlin Ghost Town.
The town of Berlin sprang up in 1896 when substantial gold veins were discovered nearby. In total, the Berlin Mine produced of gold, all removed from tunnels by hard rock mining techniques. The mine became unprofitable by 1911, and the town of Berlin became uninhabited shortly thereafter.
Today, the ore mill still stands, and the stamps and mercury float tables can be viewed. Several additional buildings still stand including residential homes, blacksmith shop, stage coach shop with attached stable, machine shop and assay office. Some buildings are open to enter, while others offer interior views of their contents through the windows. There are also headworks on some of the mine shafts.
Activities.
The park offers camping, picnicking and a nature trail. Guided tours of the fossil shelter are offered from March to November. Guided mine tours, which proceed approximately into a tunnel that connects with the Berlin Mine, are provided by park personnel. All other access to the underground works is prohibited and considered extremely dangerous.

</doc>
<doc id="18912707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912707" title="Hatem Ali">
Hatem Ali

Hatem Ali () (1962) is a Syrian actor . He is also a television and cinema director.
In the year 1986, Ali gained acceptance in theater arts, and worked as a teacher for Acting in the Higher Institute of Dramatic Arts.
Filmography.
Cinema.
Cinematic films directed by Ali include:
Television.
Ali has directed numerous TV series, among them are:
As a TV series writer.
Ali wrote scripts for the following series:
As an actor.
Films starring Hatem Ali as an actor include:
Theater director.
The following plays were directed by Hatem Ali:
Bibliography.
Ali also wrote the following books:

</doc>
<doc id="18912712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912712" title="List of schools in Riobamba">
List of schools in Riobamba

This is a list of schools in Riobamba.

</doc>
<doc id="18912714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912714" title="Mitsubishi Type 73 Light Truck">
Mitsubishi Type 73 Light Truck

The is a series of military light trucks that are used as mini SUVs in the JSDF. They have been under production by Mitsubishi Motors since 1973. In JSDF service, it is officially known as the 1/2 Ton Truck. They are powered by Mitsubishi-made 4-cylinder diesel engines with a total of 123 horsepower.
History.
First generation.
The first production of the Type 73, known as the was based on the Jeep CJ-3Bs that Mitsubishi Motors had been producing under license from Willys. The first Type 73 Kyūs had been placed into production in 1973 with the chassis of the Jeep CJ-3B for basis before they made modifications based on it to create the Mitsubishi CJ-3B-J4 and the Mitsubishi CJ-3B-J4C before it was replaced again by producing the Mitsubishi CJ-5A-J54A. Production continued on before it ended in 1997 after the Type 73 Light Truck Shins were placed in production by 1996.
The Kyūs had been exported out of Japan, mostly declared as military surplus vehicles to the Philippines and South Vietnam with the latter using it as one of the main jeeps of the ARVN next to the Willys M606 and M38A1s in the course of the Vietnam War. They had been exported to New Zealand for civilian use.
Second generation.
The began production in 1996 as Mitsubishi Motors began to slowly phase out the Type 73 Light Truck Kyūs from production and from selective service in the JSDF, using the frame of the Mitsubishi Pajero as a basis.
The Type 73 Light Truck Shin can be mounted with various heavy machine guns and anti-tank missile launchers. But like its predecessor, the Shīn Light Truck can mount Sumitomo M2 machine guns and, for the first time, the Sumitomo MINIMI Light Machine Gun.
When Shin Light Trucks were deployed to Iraq as part of the JIRSG, the vehicles were bulletproofed due to concerns that Iraqi guerrillas would target their vehicles to provoke JSDF troops who, under the restrictions of Article 9 of the Japanese Constitution, are not supposed to participate in any kind of offensive combat operations.
Design.
Both Kyū and Shīn light truck vehicles can be outfitted with various weapon systems such as Kawasaki Type 64 anti-tank pods, Kawasaki Type 79 and Kawasaki Type 87 anti-tank missile launchers, Komatsu Type 60 recoilless rifles, Sumitomo MINIMI LMGs and Sumitomo M2 machine guns to make them both a mobile anti-tank and anti-personnel vehicle. 
Both light truck variants have the tarpaulin hood mounts at the rear as an option. They also have rear seats that can be folded up when they are not needed. Air conditioning is installed as a standard feature.
Variants.
While there are no variants to either the Kyū and Shin Light Trucks, a small numbers were produced with small megaphones, roof-mounted single beacons and grille flashers. The Light Trucks were painted in white as they were exclusively used by JSDF military police units.

</doc>
<doc id="18912732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912732" title="Manuela Lutze">
Manuela Lutze

Manuela Lutze (born March 20, 1974 in Blankenburg am Harz, Germany) is a multi Olympic-medaling sculler who competed in four Olympics, winning two gold medals and a bronze medal. In addition, she has also won 5 Gold Medals in the Quadruple Sculls event at the World Championships, beginning with Lac d'Aiguebelette, France in 1997

</doc>
<doc id="18912760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912760" title="1961 Australian Touring Car Championship">
1961 Australian Touring Car Championship

The 1961 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned motor racing title for drivers of Appendix J Touring Cars. The championship, which was contested over a single 72 mile (115 km) race staged at the Lowood circuit in Queensland on 3 September 1961, was the second running of the Australian Touring Car Championship. The race was won by Bill Pitt, driving a Jaguar 3.4 Litre.
Race.
Jaguars dominated proceedings, filling the first two rows of the grid and the top four race positions. Pitt started from the front row but had to come back through the field after polesitter Ian Geoghegan won the start and pulled away early. Pitt fought his way past Ron Hodgson then tracked down Geogehgan who was fading with a minor clutch problem. Hodgson hung on to third place in what was his best chance to win the ATCC. Geoghegan would only have to wait another three years to win the Championships. Hodgson would eventually win the ATCC as a team owner in 1979.
Behind the Jaguar of Bill Burns, Bob Holden was best of the rest in his Holden FJ ahead of Muir Daniel driving an Austin A105.
Results.
Race results:

</doc>
<doc id="18912762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912762" title="Stephanie Schiller">
Stephanie Schiller

Stephanie Schiller (born July 25, 1986 in Potsdam, Germany) is an Olympic-medalist sculler, winning a bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18912763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912763" title="Enefit American Oil">
Enefit American Oil

Enefit American Oil (former name: Oil Shale Exploration Company - OSEC) is a Utah based oil shale exploration and development company. It has been involved in the development of oil shale since 2005. Since 2011, it is a subsidiary of Eesti Energia.
History.
OSEC was formed as a limited liability company by following companies: 
In 2008, OSEC concluded a contract with Brazilian oil company Petrobras and Japanese investment and trading company Mitsui according to which Petrobras and Misui had a right to acquire 10%-20% interests each in an oil shale joint venture with OSEC.
In March 2011, Estonian energy company Eesti Energia acquired 100% of OSEC's shares. This transaction was criticized by some Estonian oil shale scientists who expressed doubts if the Eesti Energia's Enefit extraction technology is suitable Utah oil shale due to the high percentage of nitrous compounds in it.
Operations.
Enefit American Oil owns or leases more than of oil shale property in the Green River Basin in Utah, containing more than of shale oil. It also leases from the United States Bureau of Land Management the abandoned White River Oil Shale Mine southeast of Vernal, Utah. The White River Mine was developed by the White River Shale Corporation in the early 1980s. In 1986, after termination of operations, the mine and surface facilities were turned over to the Bureau of Land Management. Enefit American Oil intends to reopen the mine to supply oil shale for testing, development, and operation of a surface-based RD&D oil shale retort facility. The company plans to have all the necessary permits by the end of 2016 and to have commercial production by 2020.
Technology.
Originally OSEC planned to use the Alberta Taciuk Process (ATP). To use the ATP retort technology, OSEC entered into a license agreement with AECOM, then owner of the ATP proprietary information. However, on 9 June 2008, OSEC announced it had signed an agreement with Petrobras and Mitsui according to which Petrobras agreed to undertake a technical, economic and environmental commercial feasibility study of Petrosix shale oil extraction technology for oil shale owned or leased by OSEC in Utah. Few results of the study were disclosed. After acquiring 100% of OSEC shares in March 2011, Eesti Energia announced it would conduct a new commercial study using its Enefit Process.

</doc>
<doc id="18912768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912768" title="OSEC">
OSEC

OSEC can stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="18912773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912773" title="The Closet (2007 film)">
The Closet (2007 film)

The Closet () is a 2007 Hong Kong film directed by Kin-Nam Cho.
Plot.
Due to his rebellious nature, Lo Fei suffered a traumatic childhood with abuse and maltreatment from his bad-tempered but famous sculptor father. Apart from receiving corporal punishment and verbal abuse, he was often locked up inside the wardrobe. The dark childhood turned Lo into a weirdo frequently tormented by the pain of childhood memories as well as hallucination of his dead father. Lo betrayed his father's artistic career and chose to become a magician and performer of extremities instead, to prove his own capabilities. During one of his death-defying show, Lo was seriously wounded by shocks of his childhood nightmares. Not knowing the truth behind it, his girlfriend Lei thought he was stretching his physical strength too far. She therefore took him to a quiet retreat in the suburb to recuperate. On a windy moonless night, the five of them went through a terrifying catastrophe.

</doc>
<doc id="18912788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912788" title="Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust">
Malawi Liverpool Wellcome Trust

Malawi-Liverpool-Wellcome Trust Clinical Research Programme (MLW) is a clinical research programme which conducts research on diseases of local importance to Malawi and the region. The programme is part of the College of Medicine (COM), University of Malawi and also has strong links with the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine and the University of Liverpool, UK (via the Wellcome Trust Tropical Centre), and. MLW also encourages other collaborations with centres of excellence in the region and worldwide. Wellcome Trust (UK) is the programmes’ major donor
The programme was established and affiliated to COM in 1995. It was initially based on a malaria research programme led by Professor Malcolm Molyneux funded through a Wellcome Trust Research Leave Fellowship. In 2003, the programme underwent external review and was recognized by the Wellcome Trust as a Major Overseas Programme. Professor Molyneux was the programme’s director up to June 2007. The current MLW is currently under the directorship of director Professor Rob Heyderman.
MLW is based on the grounds of Queen Elizabeth Central Hospital (QECH). It provides many services in support of clinical research i.e. finance, administration, IT, research offices, laboratories, seminar room and a data and statistics room. There is also a purpose built paediatric research ward, clinical investigation unit and various community based facilities in several districts of Malawi.
The programme hosts both Wellcome Trust and non Wellcome Trust funded researchers. Most MLW fellows have honorary clinical positions at COM and QECH; which permits clinical skills to be retained and enhanced and also aids recruitment of patients into studies.
Current activities.
The mission of MLW is to pursue excellence in research and research training, and to investigate health problems of local and international significance.
In line with its mission, MLW research activities are focused under five major research themes i.e.:
1.SEVERE MALARIA
This theme focuses on the basic biology, genetics, immunology and clinical manifestations of cerebral malaria and malaria-associated anaemia, primarily in children.
2.THERAPEUTICS IN THE TROPICS
Here the main focus is on researching innovative drugs and drug combinations in the treatment of malaria; pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics in the Tropics; Pharmacovigilance; and understanding the mechanisms of drug side-effects.
3.SEVERE BACTERIAL INFECTION
The focus is on molecular epidemiology, pathogenesis and management of bacteraemia, pneumonia and meningitis in adults and children.
4.MUCOSAL AND VACCINE IMMUNITY
Under this theme, the focus is on immune responses to bacterial pathogens that infect via the mucosa; influence of HIV on naturally acquired and vaccine induced immune responses; effects of clinical and subclinical infections on vaccine-induced immunity and novel strategies for vaccine prevention.
5.INFECTIOUS DISEASE EPIDEMIOLOGY AND IMPLEMETANTION RESEARCH
This is a cross-cutting research theme translating laboratory and hospital based research to a community setting with a focus on malaria, HIV, diarrhoea and lower respiratory tract Infection.
Definitions:
Pharmacokinetics: The process by which a drug is absorbed, distributed, metabolised, and eliminated by the body.
movements of drugs within biologic systems, as affected by uptake, distribution, binding, elimination, and biotransformation; particularly the rates of such movements
Pharmacodynamics: The process by which a drug acts or has an effect on the body.the study of uptake, movement, binding, and interactions of pharmacologically active molecules at their tissue site(s) of action.
Pharmacovigilance: collecting, monitoring, researching, assessing and evaluating information from healthcare providers and patients on the adverse effects of medication
the study of drug-related adverse effects carried out by pharmaceutical industries to suggest warnings or recommendations for product withdrawal
Bacteraemia: the presence of viable bacteria in the circulating blood; may be transient following trauma such as dental or other iatrogenic manipulation or may be persistent or recurrent as a result of infection.. This usually results in life-threatening disease such as septic shock and may lead to meningitis.
Mucosa: mucous tissue lining various tubular structures consisting of epithelium, lamina propria, and, in the digestive tract, a layer of smooth muscle (muscularis mucosae)in contact with the outside world including the mouth, throat, lungs, digestive system and some of the reproductive system.

</doc>
<doc id="18912791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912791" title="William C Daldy">
William C Daldy

The William C Daldy is a historic steam engine tugboat operating on the Waitemata Harbour, in Auckland, New Zealand. Named after William Crush Daldy, an Auckland politician, she was built in 1935 and is still kept up as an active vessel by an enthusiast preservation society which charters her out for functions and cruises.
History.
The tug was built in 1935 by Lobnitz & Company in Renfrew, Scotland for the Auckland Harbour Board. She has a bollard pull of about 17 tons, and is fired by two coal-burning boilers, making her one of the strongest such tugs still afloat today.
One of her finest moments was in 1958, when she preserved one of the pre-assembled main sections of the Auckland Harbour Bridge (then just being constructed over the Waitemata Harbour) from being damaged or lost in a major storm. Strong winds had come up as a construction barge was floating the 1,200 ton structure section into place, and manoeuvring boats were unable to keep it under control. The "William C Daldy" took up station and kept up the pull for over 36 uninterrupted hours before the wind subsided, burning 40 tons of coal.
In 1977, the vessel was to be scrapped, but was instead leased in 1978 (and in 1989 purchased for $1) by an enthusiast society which has since kept her in working trim and hires her out for functions and charter cruises. The vessel is currently (2008) normally docked at the Devonport Wharf (Victoria Wharf), though she has had a number of berths around the harbour over time.

</doc>
<doc id="18912799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912799" title="Sanna Stén">
Sanna Stén

Sanna Stén (born May 20, 1977 in Lohja) is a Finnish rower. She won a silver medal in the women's lightweight double sculls at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18912804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912804" title="Minna Nieminen">
Minna Nieminen

Minna Nieminen (born August 31, 1976 in Lappeenranta) is a Finnish rower. She won a silver medal in the women's lightweight double sculls at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18912814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912814" title="Filipino Premier League">
Filipino Premier League

The Filipino Premier League was the top level football league of the Philippines, operating under the country's football governing body, the Philippine Football Federation. The league was announced on August 2, 2008 and started on September 21, 2008. It was replaced by the United Football League in 2009.
Standings.
The season began on September 21, 2008 and ended on December 14, 2008.
Final.
On December 14, 2008, Philippine Army defeated Giligan's, 2–0, to win the title.

</doc>
<doc id="18912832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912832" title="Over 21">
Over 21

Over 21 is a 1945 comedy film about a wife who supports her husband's decision to enlist in the army for World War II over the objections of his boss. It was based on the play of the same name by Ruth Gordon.
Plot.
At the New York Bulletin newspaper, its owner, Robert Drexel Gow, receives a teletype story that the newspaper’s thirty-nine-year-old editor, Max Wharton, is resigning to enlist in the army. Robert is livid, both at the news and the method that he found out about the news. There is a second story on the teletype: Max’s wife, the famous novelist Paula Wharton (whom Max calls Paulie), is in Hollywood adapting her latest book into a movie screenplay. Max wants to do his duty as a citizen and responsible journalist to be close to the war (World War II). Robert’s view is that without Max, the newspaper will fold because Max *is* the newspaper.
From Hollywood, Paulie telephones Max and congratulates him on his decision. After Max informs her of the plan of basic training then possibly officer’s candidate school, Paulie decides that she will move to where ever that school is to be close to him.
After completion of basic training, Max sends Paulie a telegram that officer’s candidate school is in Tetley Field, Florida. She doesn’t quite understand Max’s motivations, but she wants to see her husband succeed in this passion.
Paulie arrives at Palmetto Court looking for bungalow 26D and meets the last tenant, Jan Lupton, whose husband Roy has just graduated to second lieutenant. Jan gives Paulie the lowdown on life in 26D, and that life for the enlisted at Tetley Field is all work, work, work. With school, Jan relays a story she heard where once you’re over 21 years of age, your brain doesn’t absorb the material taught anymore. Max comes by the bungalow surprised to see his wife there already. They have a loving reunion. The Luptons say goodbye to the Whartons, who can now have a proper reunion.
Max and Paulie discuss their upcoming life. Paulie wants to be just like all the other army wives living in the complex. With his difficulties in school, Max is concerned if he is doing the right thing for himself, for the country and for the newspaper. But his reason for doing this in the first place was to see the war first hand so that the newspaper could have some credible first hand account.
There is a frantic knock on the door. It is the Luptons. The train’s been delayed and, after an uncomfortable silence,the Whartons offer the Luptons the bedroom for the night; Paulie will sleep on the sofa in the living room. The Lupton’s return will delay the more passionate part of the Wharton’s reunion until another time.
Robert, the publisher, calls wanting to speak to Max about the newspaper’s future, the newspaper which he feels is falling apart. Robert is yelling and screaming how much he needs to make important decisions with Max’s input. After Paulie in return yells back that Robert is not to disturb Max during this time (not mentioning Max’s troubles in school), she abruptly hangs up on him.
Over the next several weeks, both Max and Paulie get ensconced in their new respective lives. Paulie is doing work foreign to her: housework. Max uses whatever free moment he has to cram more and more information into his brain, which he is still finding difficult to do.
After a field exercise, a tired Max hops into his bunk. He is approached by a fellow student named Paulson, a reporter with the base’s newspaper, the Tetley Field Sentinel. He wants Max, as the most famous recruit on the base, to write a story about himself for the newspaper. Max is reluctant to do so if only for lack of time, but Paulson leaves him to consider the offer.
At the base, Max is called into Colonel Foley’s office. The Colonel mentions that both his wife and mother-in-law are admirers of Mrs. Wharton and plan on dropping by the bungalow later that afternoon. Max is pleasantly surprised at the announcement, but surprised nonetheless as he in unaware of Mrs. Gates’ encounter with Paulie.
Reviews.
"The New York Times" panned the performance of Irene Dunne, playing in the movie the role played by Ruth Gordon herself in the play, calling the production without Gordon "over-Dunne".

</doc>
<doc id="18912835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912835" title="Frank Thatcher">
Frank Thatcher

The Very Reverend Frank Thatcher was the Dean of St George's Cathedral, Georgetown, Guyana from 1944 to 1948. Educated at Fitzwilliam College, Cambridge, he was ordained in 1914 and began his career with curacies at "Holy Trinity, Hastings" and "St Mary the Less, Cambridge". In 1917 he returned to his old college as Chaplain and Bursar leaving in 1924 to become Rector of Letchworth, a post he held until his elevation to the Deanery at Georgetown, Guyana. A man who brought "his proficiency as a teacher and an examiner" to the post", he resigned in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="18912838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912838" title="Fedomia">
Fedomia

Fedomia is a genus of Ediacaran organism resembling a sponge.
The organisms look like sacs, often connected and occasionally radiating from a central point, and are millimetres to centimetres in length. Their surface is often patterned with a number of concave, star-shaped, spicule-like structures with six to eight points, with a diameter of 2-5 mm; these were probably flexible rather than rigid.

</doc>
<doc id="18912839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912839" title="List of villages in Lviv Oblast">
List of villages in Lviv Oblast

The following is a list of villages in Lviv Oblast in Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="18912904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912904" title="Vaclavs Borduško">
Vaclavs Borduško

Vaclavs Borduško (born 3 October 1914 in Riga, died 14 October 1999 in Toronto, Canada) was a Latvian international footballer, a two-time champion of Latvia.
Biography.
Borduško was one of the most notable footballers of Polish origin in Latvia. His first senior football club was Reduta Riga - the strongest Riga polish football club of the 1920s-1930s. After the 1932 season he moved to the strongest Riga club - Rīgas FK. However he didn't actually play a single match with RFK and very soon transferred further - to SSS Riga, the local social democrats sports club for which he played in 1933. As after the Kārlis Ulmanis coup of 15 May 1934 all social democrat organisations were banned, SSS was disbanded and Borduško moved to Riga Vanderer. Borduško had a good second half of the season as Riga Vanderer achieved its best Latvian Higher League finish in the second position and won the Riga Football Cup, however after the season he changed the club again - this time for ASK Riga.
ASK proved to be "his" side - that is Borduško played there until 1940 when Latvia lost its independence and the ASK side was dismissed. His first season wasn't especially good - Borduško had problems adapting to his new partners and received few scoring chances and ASK struggled in the league, finishing in a rather sad sixth place in the league. It started going uphill - in the next four years ASK was two times the second strongest side in Latvia and another two times - the third strongest. During the Soviet occupation of 1940 and 1941 Borduško played with RDKA Riga and RGK Riga, in the German occupation - with Bekona eksports in 1941 and again with ASK Riga from 1942 to 1943. In the latter two years with ASK Borduško won two Latvian league titles and the 1943 Latvian Football Cup.
Borduško emigrated from Latvia during World War II. In 1945 he was the head of the Latvian football section in Lübeck, Germany. In 1946 he played with Latvian emigrants national football team, at the end of the year he moved to England, where he also was the head of the local Latvian football section for some time. At the end of the 1940s Borduško moved to Canada where he lived until his death in 1999.
National team playing career.
Borduško made his international début for Latvia on 14 August 1934. In his next match on 9 September 1934 Borduško scored his first goal for the national team. In total he played 25 international matches for Latvia scoring 8 goals, including two in the 1938 FIFA World Cup qualifiers. Borduško played his last match for Latvia on 24 September 1939 when he wasn't even full 25 years old. With 25 international matches he was the 13th most capped international footballer in the independent Latvia of 1920s and 1930s. According to various sources Borduško scored 7 or 8 goals in international matches for Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18912908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912908" title="Golden Spoon">
Golden Spoon

Golden Spoon is a frozen yogurt retail chain headquartered in Rancho Santa Margarita, California with stores located in the western United States, mainly in California, Nevada and Arizona, and international locations in Tokyo and Sendai, Japan and Metro Manila, Philippines.
Golden Spoon yogurt is creamy and sweet like soft serve ice cream. Most of the flavors are fat free, or low fat. Recognizing the demand of tart yogurt, the flavors "Simply Tart" and "Tart Mango" have been recently added.
Employees serve the yogurt in cones or cups with their signature golden plastic spoon.
Toppings.
All Golden Spoon stores are providing a wide variety of toppings which may vary by location and season.

</doc>
<doc id="18912915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912915" title="Geoff Pimblett">
Geoff Pimblett

Geoff Pimblett (born 11 May 1944) is an English former professional rugby league footballer whose career rose to prominence in the late 1970s. He played for St. Helens as fullback and captain, and also represented England internationally.
A history teacher by profession, Pimblett signed from rugby union with St. Helens in early 1971 aged 26. Inititally playing somewhat of a utility back role with the club, he soon established himself at fullback, and later, as goal-kicker. He helped St. Helens to victory in the 1972 Challenge Cup final. Pimblett went on to become the first player to be have received both the Lance Todd Trophy (in the 1976 Challenge Cup final). Pimblett played for St Helens RFC at fullback and kicked three goals in their 1975–76 Northern Rugby Football League season premiership final victory against Salford. He won the Harry Sunderland Trophy (in the 1977 Premiership final).
Pimblett played , and scored a conversion in St. Helens' 2-25 defeat to the 1975 NSWRFL season premiers, Eastern Suburbs Roosters in the unofficial 1976 World Club Challenge at Sydney Cricket Ground on Tuesday 29 June 1976.
International honours.
In 1978 he played one match for England, a record 60-point thrashing of Wales, in which he scored a try and kicked nine goals, setting a new team record for most goals in a match for England.
After retiring, Pimblett became the president of the Saints' Past Players Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18912922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912922" title="Closeted">
Closeted

Closeted and in the closet are adjectives for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender etc. (LGBT) people who have not disclosed their sexual orientation or gender identity and aspects thereof, including sexual identity and sexual behavior.
Background.
In late 20th-century America, the closet had become a central metaphor for grasping the history and social dynamics of gay life. The notion of the closet is inseparable from the concept of coming out. The closet narrative sets up an implicit dualism between being "in" or being "out". Those who are "in" are often stigmatized as living false, unhappy lives. However, though many people would prefer to be “out” of the closet, there are numerous social, economic, familial, and personal repercussions that lead to them remaining, whether consciously or unconsciously, “in” the closet. The decision to come out or remain in the closet is considered a deeply personal one, and outing remains a problem in today’s culture.
Effects.
In the early stages of the lesbian, gay or bisexual identity development process, people feel confused and experience turmoil. In 1993, Michelangelo Signorile wrote "Queer in America", in which he explored the harm caused both to a closeted person and to society in general by being closeted.
Seidman, Meeks, and Traschen (1999) argue that "the closet" may be becoming an antiquated metaphor in the lives of modern day Americans for two reasons.
The closet, however, is difficult for any non-heterosexual, non-cisgender identified person to fully come "out" of, whether or not that person desires to do so. Scholar Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick, author of The Epistemology of the Closet, discusses the difficulty with the closet:
Recent attention to bullying of LGBTQ youth and teens in the United States gives an indication that many youth and teens remain closeted throughout their educational years and beyond for fear of disapproval from parents, friends, teachers, and community members. To remain in the closet offers an individual a layer of protection against ridicule and bullying. However to remain in the closet typically takes an expense on the mentality of the individual, especially in the adolescent years as reflected in suicide rates among LGBTQ youths.

</doc>
<doc id="18912925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912925" title="2007 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 100 metres">
2007 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 100 metres

These are the official results of the Women's 100 metres event at the 2007 IAAF World Championships in Osaka, Japan. There were a total number of 74 participating athletes, with eight qualifying heats and the final held on Monday August 27.
Results.
Heats.
First 3 of each Heat qualifies (Q) plus the 8 fastest non-direct qualifiers (q) reached the Quarterfinals.
Quarterfinals.
First 4 of each Quarterfinal qualified (Q) for the Semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 4 of each Semifinal qualified (Q) for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18912961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912961" title="Greg Lernout">
Greg Lernout

Greg Lernout (born September 4, 1980) is a Canadian radio broadcaster. He attended broadcasting school at Media Arts & Education in 1998 and 1999 in Winnipeg, Manitoba. He then found a job with CITI-FM, where he stayed for three years. As of November 2007, he has a show on Thursday afternoons from 12pm to 3pm on CKIC-FM in Winnipeg. He sometimes goes by the name of Grunge Greg or G-Regular on air. He has also had small parts in two movies, The Winning Season (2004) and Goon (2011).

</doc>
<doc id="18912974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912974" title="Malcolm Page (footballer)">
Malcolm Page (footballer)

Malcolm Edward Page (born 5 February 1947) is a Welsh former professional footballer born in Knucklas, Radnorshire (now Powys) who played as a defender or midfielder. He made 391 appearances for Birmingham City in all competitions over a 17-year career, and also played for Oxford United. He won 28 full caps for Wales, which at the time made him Birmingham City's most capped player, a record he held for 25 years until overtaken by Australia's Stan Lazaridis in 2005. He captained both club and country.
In 2012, Page was one of seven former players elected to Birmingham City's Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18912977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912977" title="Shahar Tzuberi">
Shahar Tzuberi

Shahar Tzuberi () (born September 1, 1986) is an Israeli windsurfer and Olympic bronze medalist, surfing in the "Neil Pryde" discipline. He is a nephew of Gad Tsobari, the 1972 Olympic wrestler who escaped from Arab terrorists in the early moments of the Munich massacre.
Early life.
Shahar Tzuberi was born in Eilat. He began surfing at the age of 7, encouraged by his father. After winning a number of local surfing competitions, he began training professionally. Tzuberi joined the Israel Defense Forces in 2005 and received an "Athlete of Excellence" status, allowing him to compete in international competitions. He went through recruit training in the Zikim base and then became a quartermaster in the Israeli navy base in Eilat, his hometown.
Career.
Tzuberi's first achievement was a silver medal in the 2000 Windsurfing World Championships for boys. With the Olympics in mind, Tzuberi began mastering the Mistral windsurfer (which was the windsurfer model used in the Olympic Games at the time). In 2002, Tzuberi won the under-17 World Championships, and in 2004, he won the silver medal in the Youth World Championships held in Bulgaria.
In 2004, the ISAF decided to replace the Olympic windsurfing discipline model from the Mistral surfboard to the "Neil Pryde" surfboard. The majority of Olympic windsurfers found it hard to adjust to the new model, as they were already used to years of sailing on the Mistral. However, this provided younger surfers, such as Tzuberi, with a chance to close the gaps in experience and catch up with the veteran windsurfers.
At the beginning of 2006, in the first Israeli windsurfing competition held using the RS:X model, he finished first, while two-time Israeli Olympic medalist Gal Fridman finished in 4th place. 
Tzuberi's international results:
At the beginning of 2008, he won the bronze medal at the Windsurfing World Championships held in Auckland, New Zealand.
Beijing 2008.
Tzuberi entered the 2008 Olympic Games under the shadow of Gal Fridman, a two-time Olympic medalist for Israel. He was ranked outside the top 10 coming into the tournament, but upgraded to an overall 1st place after the first 4 (of the total 11) events, finishing 1st and 3rd respectively. In the following 4 events, Tzuberi's best finish was a 6th place, in between 17th, 18th and 19th place finishes – results that seemed to end his hopes of an Olympic medal. He then won the 9th and placed 4th in the 10th event, thus re-entering the medal race as 4th place overall.
Just before the final medal race was about to start, Greek windsurfer Nikolaos Kaklamanakis, who was next to Tzuberi in the start line, was disqualified for an attempted head start. Tzuberi thought the judges disqualified him as well (in fact they did not), and decided to play it safe by "re-entering" the race and returned to the start line. By the time Tzuberi started surfing, he was approximately 1 minute behind the entire fleet. 
Tzuberi had to place 4 places ahead of one of the top-3 surfers in order to win a medal and he accomplished just that by coming back from last place and finishing in an incredible 2nd place, and 3rd overall, while Great Britain's Nick Dempsey lost his medal by placing 7th – an overall 4th place finish.
Tzuberi's results were:
Controversy.
After the Olympics, Tzuberi made a number of offensive comments about his Chinese hosts in an interview with "Yediot Ahronot", including what the "Associated Press" described as a "scatological expletive" and criticizing Chinese traditions, speech and food, such as "After a month and a half I couldn't look at Chinese people any more", "Their traditions are bizarre and even their speech is weird". Tzuberi later released an apology, and the Israeli Sport and Culture Minister condemned Tzuberi's remarks to the Chinese Ambassador, which he called "despicable", and "do not reflect the views of the Israeli people toward the Chinese people."

</doc>
<doc id="18912983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912983" title="Malcolm Page">
Malcolm Page

Malcolm Page may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18912989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912989" title="The Filth (album)">
The Filth (album)

The Filth is the first album by the noted British blues band, Sonny Black's Blues Band, fronted by songwriter, guitarist and singer Bill Boazman. It was recorded over the period of 1983 to 1987 and released by Boazman as a private pressing, sold at gigs. Boazman was formerly a solo artist and had performed with Heron.

</doc>
<doc id="18912992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912992" title="Alopecurus geniculatus">
Alopecurus geniculatus

Alopecurus geniculatus is a species of grass known by the common name water foxtail or Marsh foxtail.
It is native to much of Eurasia and North America, where it grows in moist areas. This is a perennial grass forming bunches of erect stems up to about 60 centimeters in maximum height. The leaves are 8 to 12 centimeters in maximum length. The inflorescence is a dense panicle up to 6 or 7 centimeters long which blooms in dusty yellow-orange anthers.
Environmental Conservation.
Alopecurus geniculatus is a component of Purple moor grass and rush pastures a type of Biodiversity Action Plan habitat in the UK. It occurs on poorly drained neutral and acidic soils of the lowlands and upland fringe. It is found in the South West of England, especially in Devon.

</doc>
<doc id="18912995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18912995" title="2007 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 200 metres">
2007 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 200 metres

These are the official results of the men's 200 metres event at the 2007 IAAF World Championships in Osaka, Japan. There were a total number of 49 participating athletes, with six qualifying heats and the final held on Thursday August 30.
Records.
Existing records at the start of the event.
Results.
Heats.
Qualification: First 4 in each heat(Q) and the next 8 fastest(q) advance to the quarterfinals.
Quarterfinals.
Qualification: First 4 in each heat(Q) advance to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 4 of each Semifinal will be directly qualified (Q) for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18913018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913018" title="K-1 World Grand Prix 2008 in Seoul Final 16">
K-1 World Grand Prix 2008 in Seoul Final 16

K-1 World Grand Prix 2008 in Seoul Final 16 was a martial arts event held by the K-1 on Saturday September 27, 2008 at the Olympic Gymnastics Arena in Seoul, Korea. It was the Final Elimination tournament for top sixteen fighters. The winners qualified for the K-1 World GP 2008 Final held on December 6, 2008 at Yokohama Arena, Japan.
The eight finalists from K-1 World GP 2007 Final were automatically qualified, then four World GP 2008 tournament winners in Amsterdam, Fukuoka, Taipei and Hawaii. The last four spots were selected by fan voting.
The K-1 World GP 2008 Final 16 attracted a crowd of 15,769 to the Seoul Olympic Complex and was broadcast live across South Korea by CJ Media and in Japan on the Fuji TV Network.
Qualifying Events.
K-1 World GP 2008 in Fukuoka.
The winner was Ewerton Teixeira. For more information, see K-1 World Grand Prix 2008 in Fukuoka.
Fan Voting Results.
Paul Slowinski earned a wild-card spot on the card through a fan poll on the K-1 website. 
Ray Sefo of New Zealand and Chalid "Die Faust" Arrab from Germany were also voted into the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18913034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913034" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Southern Victoria Nyanza">
Apostolic Vicariate of Southern Victoria Nyanza

The Apostolic Vicariate of Southern Nyanza () was a Roman Catholic mission territory in Eastern and Central Africa. It was an apostolic vicariate split out from the larger Vicariate of Nyanza on June 1894. It lost territory to the Apostolic Vicariate of Kivu in 1912, and was divided into the vicariates of Bukoba and Mwanza in 1929.
Background.
John Joseph Hirth was consecrated Vicar Apostolic of Nyanza on 25 May 1890.
This area included parts of modern-day Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi and northern Tanzania. 
A civil war broke out in Buganda in 1892, during which the Catholic camp was totally defeated.
Hirth and the White Fathers moved to the Bukoba kingdoms of Kiziba and Bugabo in 1892 with about fifty Baganda Christian converts.
In December 1892 they founded a mission at Kashozi, in what is now the extreme north of Tanzania. 
In 1894 the diocese of Nyanza was split into Southern Nyanza, south and west of Lake Victoria, an eastern portion called "Upper Nile" that was given to the English Mill Hill Missionaries, and a northern portion called "Northern Nyanza" that covered the south and west of today's Uganda.
Hirth was appointed vicar Apostolic of Southern Nyanza on 13 July 1894.
Location.
The Vicariate lay to the north of the Apostolic Vicariate of Unyanyembe, and comprised the land surrounding the southern half of Lake Victoria from Lake Kivu in the west to Lake Natron in the east, on the Anglo-German colonial frontier of the time (36º E). 
The mission thus included the northern portion of German East Africa.
According to the 1913 Catholic Encyclopedia, "The vicariate contains about 2,500,000 pagans, 7000 Catholics, 12,000 catechumens, 30 White Fathers; 23 lay brothers; 6 Missionary Sisters of Notre-Dame-d'Afrique; 20 churches or chapels; 15 stations; 85 schools with 3900 pupils; 190 catechists; 4 orphanages and 5 dispensaries; and a meteorological station belonging to the missionaries."
History.
Hirth made Kashozi his Episcopal See.
He later moved to Rubya, where he founded a seminary, and was personally involved in training future priests for Bukoba and Rwanda.
Joseph Sweens was appointed coadjutor bishop to Hirth on 17 December 1909. He reached South Nyanza in April 1910.
Hirth returned to his old residence at Kashozi, leaving Sweens to live at the seminary of Rubya. 
For the next three years Sweens visited the different stations of the diocese, resolved problems and represented the diocese to the civil authorities.
In 1912 the missions of Burundi, formerly part of the Vicariate of Unyanyembe, were joined with the missions of Rwanda to form the new Apostolic Vicariate of Kivu, with Hirth as the first Vicar Apostolic. South Nyanza now consisted only of the regions of Bukoba and Mwanza to the south of Lake Victoria. 
On 12 December 1912 Sweens succeeded Hirth as Vicar Apostolic of South Nyanza.
On 15 January 1915 the territory was renamed the Vicariate Apostolic of Victoria-Nyanza.
In April 1929 the vicariate was divided into two more manageable units, the vicariates of Bukoba and Mwanza. 
References.
Citations
Sources
Attribution
The entry cites:

</doc>
<doc id="18913063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913063" title="Loi Carrez">
Loi Carrez

The loi Carrez, or Carrez law is a French law enacted on 18 December 1996 which obliges the vendor of a property lot (or fraction of a lot) in a condominium to specifically mention the surface area in all documents relating to the property sold. It is named after its author Gilles Carrez, the then RPR member of the National Assembly for the Val-de-Marne's 5th constituency.
The law does not apply to sales of property not yet constructed, which comes under the building code, nor to construction land.
Calculation of floor area.
The effective usable surface area, known as the ""superficie Carrez"", is the total enclosed floor area of an apartment or other construction discounting walls, partitions, staircases and stair wells, piping and electricity conduits and ducting, window and door embrasures. Parts of the enclosed area which are of less than in height are also excluded.
Lots, or fractions of lots of surface areas of less than are also excluded from the calculation of habitable surface area. Typically, maid's rooms ("chambre de bonne") would fall into this category. 
Cellars, garages, parking places, and other storage facilities sold as separate lots are also excluded.

</doc>
<doc id="18913065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913065" title="Bayan Obo Mining District">
Bayan Obo Mining District

Bayan Obo Mining District, (Mongolian: ' (); ), or Baiyun-Obo or Baiyun'ebo, is a mining town in the west of Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China. It is under the administration of Baotou City, more than to the south.
The mines north of the town are the largest deposits of rare earth metals yet found and, as of 2005, responsible for 45% of global rare earth metal production.
In the satellite image at right, vegetation appears red, grassland is light brown, rocks are black, and water surfaces are green. Two circular open-pit mines are visible, as well as a number of tailings ponds and tailings piles. 
China produced about 81,000 tons of rare earth metals in 2001; the number jumped to about 120,000 by 2006. According to the Chinese Society of Rare Earths, 9,600 to 12,000 cubic meters (340,000 to 420,000 cubic feet) of waste gas—containing dust concentrate, hydrofluoric acid, sulfur dioxide, and sulfuric acid—are released with every ton of rare metals that are mined. Approximately 75 cubic meters (2,600 cubic feet) of acidic wastewater, plus about a ton of radioactive waste residue are also produced.
Economic Geology.
Very large Rare Earth elements (REE)-Fe-Nb deposit (Bayan-Obo type), discovered as an iron deposit in 1927. REE minerals were discovered in 1936, and niobium-bearing ores in the late 1950s. Reserves are estimated at more than 40 million tons of REE minerals grading at 3-5.4% REE (70% of world's known REE reserves), 1 million tons of Nb2O5 and 470 million tons of iron. The deposit also contains an estimated 130 million tons of fluorite.
Bayon Obo is the world's largest known REE deposit. The fluorite content of the ores also makes it the world's largest fluorite deposit.
The deposit occurs in an east-west trending Mesoproterozoic rift zone along the northern margin of the Sino-Korean Craton. Host strata are quartzite, slate, limestone, and dolomite. Dolomite is the main host rock. The orebodies are stratiform and lenticular, with masses, bands, layers, veins, and disseminations. Besides clear features of hydrothermal mineralization, the deposit also exhibits Mg, Fe, Na and F metasomatism. Sm-Nd monazite isochron age for bastnaesite and riebeckite is 1200 to 1300 Ma, whereas Th-Pb and Sm-Nd age of Ba-REE-F carbonates and aeschynite is 474 to 402 Ma. Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="18913067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913067" title="Hamad Al Fardan">
Hamad Al Fardan

Hamad Al Fardan (; born June 29, 1987 in Manama) is a Bahraini racing driver. He is the first Bahraini to drive at GP2 Series level.
Career.
Formula BMW.
Al Fardan is the son of rally driver Ahmed Al Fardan. His first experience of formula racing came in 2004, when he drove in the Formula BMW Asia series. In 2005, he undertook a full season in the championship with the Malaysian team Meritus and finished third overall. He also raced in the Formula BMW World Final, finishing in eighteenth position. For 2006, he returned to the series for two races only due to commitments in other championships, winning both of them.
Formula Renault.
Al Fardan competed in the Formula Asia V6 Renault championship in 2006, finishing the championship in sixth place with one win despite missing the last four races of the season. He again raced for the Meritus team. He returned to the series for 2009 and won the opening four races before the remainder of the season was cancelled, leaving him champion by default.
Toyota Racing Series.
Al Fardan also drove in the New Zealand-based Toyota Racing Series for 2006, again employed by Meritus. Scoring one race victory, he finished thirteenth in the championship. He remained in the formula for 2007, although he switched teams to Mark Petch Motorsport. In this year he won two races and moved up to eleventh place in the championship. It was a hectic season for Al Fardan, as he also competed in British Formula Three on the other side of the world.
Formula Three.
Al Fardan moved to the National Class of the British Formula Three Championship for 2007 (in addition to his TRS commitments), where he established himself as a frontrunner in the series. He finished third in the championship for the Performance Racing team, despite not winning a race.
Over the winter of 2007–08, he moved to the Asian Formula Three Championship, driving for a national team sponsored by the Arabian bank Gulf House Finance. He won both rounds of the season-opener at the Sepang circuit in Malaysia, and two further races, but then accused the team of fastest man, Frédéric Vervisch, of cheating. He declined to make a protest preferring to walk away. He finished fourth in the championship. Following his performance in 2007, Toyota F1 test driver Kamui Kobayashi tipped him to become the first Middle Eastern driver to make it to Formula One.
Al Fardan moved to the German ATS Formel 3 Cup for 2008, where he was placed eleventh in the final standings, although his season was disrupted by injury.
GP2 Series.
Al Fardan has signed for the iSport International team to compete in the 2008–09 GP2 Asia Series season, becoming the first Bahraini and Arabian driver to race at this level. His backing from Gulf Finance House also means that the team will change its name to GFH Team iSport for the duration of the series. He ended up 20th in the championship, scoring two points.

</doc>
<doc id="18913072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913072" title="Vincenzo Casillo">
Vincenzo Casillo

Vincenzo Casillo (? - January 29, 1983) was an Italian Camorrista and the second in command of the Nuova Camorra Organizzata (NCO), a Camorra organization in Naples. His nickname was ""'o Nirone"" (The Big Black).
Second in Command.
He was one of the earliest members of the NCO, since its formation in 1970. Casillo was highly trusted and soon rose to become the deputy and main military chief of crime boss, Raffaele Cutolo, during the period when he was imprisoned in the prisons of Poggioreale and Ascoli Piceno. As the NCO's second in command, he participated in a high-level meeting with representatives of the Sicilian Mafia and Camorra clans to try to put an end to the bloody war between the NCO and their rivals from the Nuova Famiglia (NF), together with Cutolo’s sister, Rosetta.
Purported involvement in the Roberto Calvi murder.
In June 1996, the Sicilian Mafia pentito, Francesco Di Carlo claimed that Vincenzo Casillo together with another Camorrista, Sergio Vaccari were responsible for the murder of Roberto Calvi, the chairman of Banco Ambrosiano who was dubbed the ""God's Banker"". Casillo once confessed to murdering the bankrupt financier to Enrico Madonna, Cutolo's lawyer. Madonna himself was later murdered in October 1993, three days after telling a journalist that he was willing to tell a parliamentary commission all he knew about the Cirillo kidnapping affair.
Negotiator in the Cirillo Kidnapping.
Casillo also played an active role in negotiating the release of the Christian Democrat (DC) politician Ciro Cirillo, who had been kidnapped by the Red Brigades on April 27, 1981. He managed to do so, in spite of being a wanted man at the time.
Assassination.
On January 29, 1983, Casillo was murdered by a car bomb planted under the pedal of his car, next to the SISMI Forte Boccea in Rome. Pasquale Galasso, chief of the Galasso clan and member of the rival Nuova Famiglia headed by Carmine Alfieri, was responsible for the blast. This was one of the first times that a Camorra clan had used this kind of technique to dispose of a rival.
Galasso claimed that he killed Casillo in order to free Antonio Gava and other Christian democrats from Cutolo's threats. In a meeting held in April 1982, nine months after the kidnapping, Vincenzo Casillo reportedly told Giuliano Granata, the DC mayor who had taken part with him in the negotiations: "You did what you wanted and then washed your hands." 
According to Galasso who later became a pentito, the reasons for his murder were:
Although there are some rumors that Cutolo ordered Casillo killed because he had taken Cutolo's part of the Cirillo ransom, Cutolo has stated that he was wary of the untrustworthiness of the politicians and claims to have warned Casillo after the kidnapping:
The fact that a secret service card that could be used by Casillo was found in his burnt-out car lends some credibility to the scenario that his death might have been linked to the Cirillo kidnapping.
Aftermath.
Casillo's death was one of the many factors that brought about the downfall of the NCO. It represented a turning point in the relationship between the local politicians and the Camorra. After his death, it was clear Cutolo not only had lost his political protection but the war as well. His former political protectors turned and provided their support to his main rival Carmine Alfieri. Many other Camorra gangs understood the shift in the balance of power caused by the death of Casillo. They abandoned the NCO and allied themselves with Alfieri.
As the Anti-Mafia commission once wrote: 
On the turning point that had been reached with Casillo's murder, Galasso stated in court: 
The assassination of Casillo was followed by the murders of several NCO members by the Nuova Famiglia. Casillo's partner disappeared a few weeks after his death, and her body was eventually found in a ditch under a motorway in December 1983. Nicola Nuzzo, a key NCO member involved in the negotiations was battered to death in the ward of a Roman hospital in 1986, soon after a meeting with Carlo Alemi, the magistrate who was investigating the Ciro Cirillo release case. Salvatore Imperatrice, Casillo's bodyguard and also a member of the NCO negotiating team, died of mysterious causes - alleged by authorities to be suicide, in a mental asylum in March 1989. Mario Cuomo, who lost his legs in the explosion that killed Casillo, was eventually murdered in October 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18913074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913074" title="Alopecurus saccatus">
Alopecurus saccatus

Alopecurus saccatus is a species of grass known by the common name Pacific foxtail, or Pacific meadow foxtail. 
It is native the west coast of the United States from Washington to California, where it grows in moist areas at low elevations. This is an annual grass forming tufts of stout, erect stems up to about 45 centimeters in maximum height. Leaves are up to 12 or 13 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a dense panicle up to 6 or 7 centimeters long which blooms in yellow to reddish brown anthers.

</doc>
<doc id="18913109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913109" title="Gemma Mengual">
Gemma Mengual

Gemma Mengual Civil (born in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain, on April 12, 1977) is a Spanish synchronized swimmer. She has competed at the 2000, 2004, and 2008 Summer Olympics. On February 15, 2012 she announced her retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="18913132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913132" title="Brandon Soo Hoo">
Brandon Soo Hoo

Brandon Soo Hoo (born November 2, 1995) is an American teen actor who had a role in the 2008 Ben Stiller film "Tropic Thunder" and Incredible Crew created by Nick Cannon.
Acting career.
Brandon began his acting career in 2006, at the age of 10, when he was featured in television advertisements for Toys "R" Us, Land Rover, and ExxonMobil. The following year he was featured on the television programs "Sesame Street" and the Disney Channel’s "What’s the Word". Later that year he made his feature film debut in Ben Stiller’s "Tropic Thunder", playing "Tran", the young leader of the Flaming Dragon gang, in which he won a Young Artist Award .
In 2009, he played Young Storm Shadow in the action film "", and was again nominated for a Young Artist Award for his performance. He also co-starred in the short film "Chico's Kidz", which was directed by Ellen Gittelsohn featuring casts from the series "Half & Half".
Soo Hoo has guest starred on the TV series "My Name is Earl" and "'Til Death". He also had a voice over role in the award winning animated series "Family Guy". 
In 2010, he had guest starring role on NBC's new hit series "Community". He also completed two pilots, Comedy Central's "Workaholics", in which he had a guest starring part and also a Nickelodeon Pilot, "Everyday Kid".
Brandon has booked a recurring role as cousin Connor on Nickelodeon's new hit series "Supah Ninjas", starring alongside Ryan Potter, Gracie Dzienny, Carlos Knight, George Takei, and Randall Park. He also signed contracts with video game maker, Yoostar2.
In 2012, Soo Hoo filmed a role in the science fiction feature film "Ender's Game", as Fly Molo. He worked alongside Harrison Ford, Ben Kingsley, Viola Davis, Asa Butterfield, Abigail Breslin, and Hailee Steinfeld. The film was released November 1, 2013.
He is also starring in Nick Cannon's new sketch comedy "Incredible Crew" which is now airing Cartoon Network. On July 29, 2013, Variety.com confirmed that Cartoon Network decided not to renew the show for a 2nd season.
Awards.
In 2009, Soo Hoo was nominated for and won the award for "Best Performance in a Feature Film - Supporting Young Actor" at the Young Artist Awards for his role as "Tran" in "Tropic Thunder". In 2010, he was nominated for "Best Performance in a Feature Films - Supporting Young Actor" at the Young Artist Awards for his role as "Young Storm Shadow" in "". In 2011, he was nominated for "Best Performance in a TV Series - Guest Starring Young Actor" award at the Young Artist Awards for his role as "Abed's Chang" in "Community".
In 2012, Soo Hoo was nominated for Best performance in a TV series, recurring young actor in Nickelodeon's "Supah Ninjas" and also for Best Performance in a TV series, guest starring young actor in comedy central's new hit series "Workaholics".
In 2013, Brandon was nominated for Best performance in a TV series, recurring young actor in Nickelodeon's "Supah Ninjas"
and also for Outstanding young ensemble in a TV series for Cartoon Network's "Incredible Crew".

</doc>
<doc id="18913138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913138" title="Comparison of CAD, CAM and CAE file viewers">
Comparison of CAD, CAM and CAE file viewers

Computer aided design (CAD), Computer-aided engineering (CAE) and Computer-aided manufacturing (CAM) software produces files in a large variety of formats many of which are extremely complex and poorly supported by other applications. This article gives an overview of the available software suitable for viewing these files so they can be shared with people who do not have the application which produced the file.
Comparison of CAD/CAM/CAE file viewers.
Software which has not been added to this table can be seen on the discussion page.

</doc>
<doc id="18913141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913141" title="Banking agent">
Banking agent

A banking agent is a retail or postal outlet contracted by a financial institution or a mobile network operator to process clients’ transactions. Rather than a branch teller, it is the owner or an employee of the retail outlet who conducts the transaction and lets clients deposit, withdraw, and transfer funds, pay their bills, inquire about an account balance, or receive government benefits or a direct deposit from their employer. Banking agents can be pharmacies, supermarkets, convenience stores, lottery outlets, post offices, and many more.
Globally, these retailers and post offices are increasingly utilized as important distribution channels for financial institutions. The points of service range from post offices in the Outback of Australia where clients from all banks can conduct their transactions, to rural France where the bank Credit Agricole uses corner stores to provide financial services, to small lottery outlets in Brazil at which clients can receive their social payments and access their bank accounts.
Banking agents are usually equipped with a combination of point-of-sale (POS)card reader, mobile phone, barcode scanner to scan bills for bill payment transactions, Personal Identification Number(PIN) pads, and sometimes personal computers (PCs) that connect with the bank’s server using a personal dial-up or other data connection. Clients that transact at the agent use a magstripe bank card or their mobile phone to access their bank account or e-wallet respectively. Identification of customers is normally done through a PIN, but could also involve biometrics. With regard to the transaction verification, authorization, and settlement platform, banking agents are similar to any other remote bank channel.
Local regulation will determine if financial institutions are allowed to work through retail outlets. Regulators generally determine what kind of, if any, financial institutions are permitted to contract banking agents, what products can be offered at the retail outlets, how financial institutions have to handle cash transport, Know Your Customer requirements, consumer protection, and other operational areas.
Rationale for banking agents.
Banking agents help financial institutions to divert existing customers from crowded branches providing a “complementary”, often more convenient channel. Other financial institutions, especially in developing markets, use agents to reach an “additional” client segment or geography. Reaching poor clients in rural areas is often prohibitively expensive for financial institutions since transaction numbers and volumes do not cover the cost of a branch. In such environments banking agents that piggy back on existing retail infrastructure – and lower set up and running cost - can play a vital role in offering many low-income people their first-time access to a range of financial services. Also, low-income clients often feel more comfortable banking at their local store than walking into a marble branch.
Banking agents are the backbone of mobile banking, i.e., performing transactions over a mobile device, most often a mobile phone. To enable clients to convert cash into electronic money and vice versa which can send be sent over their mobile phone, clients will have to visit a branch, automated teller machine (ATM), or banking agent. Especially in remote and rural locations, where cash is still the most important way to pay and transact, a mobile banking service is dependent on banking agents to enable clients to effectively use the service.
Transaction process.
For the client, there is no difference in accessing his or her bank account at the agent or in a branch or at an ATM. However, besides signing a contract with the financial institution it will be working for, the banking agent also has to open a bank account at the same. In addition, the store has to deposit a certain amount of cash into that account which will serve as the banking agent’s “working capital.” In many cases, rather than asking the agent to come up with the cash deposit, the financial institution will extend the store a credit line. The size of the credit line is normally not standardized, but adapted individually to each agent depending on its size, the expected volume of transactions and how long the agent has already been working with the bank. This is how the credit line will be used during each transaction: 
In case the agent’s credit line had reached its limits, and the agent’s bank account does not have sufficient funds, to cover the received funds, the POS will block and can only be deblocked if the funds have been deposited in the next bank account.
The transaction process for banking services using a bank card is simple:
Banking agent set ups.
There are principally three ways that banks can set up their equipment and marketing material within a store:
Cashier.
When transaction volumes are relatively low, a banking agent's staff may process banking transactions in addition to their normal sales. The banking equipment is located behind the store’s general cashier. Posters and marketing material may be limited to a small display next to the EFTPOS terminal and a small sign outside the store.
Stand.
If transaction volumes justify it, a banking agent may set up a stand within a store with dedicated staff. Some financial institutions prefer this set up since clients do not feel as much as “banking” in a store and the bank’s brand is much more visible.
Dedicated store.
A banking agent may set up a dedicated store which is similar to a mini-branch, i.e., a small shop with around 1-3 tellers, but transactions are processed by non-bank staff.
Experience with banking agents.
Pioneering banks, microfinance institutions, and mobile operators started to experiment with banking agent networks in various countries around the world such as Brazil, Peru, Colombia, Kenya, Mexico, Pakistan, the Philippines, and South Africa.
Latinamerica is the region with the strongest development towards banking agents. Here governments concerned about expanding financial sector infrastructure have adjusted regulation and are providing incentives for banks to reach new geographies and new client segments through banking agents.
Brazil is probably the most developed market where banking agents have significantly increased financial system infrastructure. Seventy-four institutions are currently managing around 105,000 points of sale in Brazil that reach all 5,561 municipalities. Within only 5 years, the banking agent network facilitated 12.4m new bank accounts and today the network comprises 56 percent of all points of sale in the Brazilian financial system. Financial institutions in other Latin-American markets such as Peru, Colombia, and Mexico have started to learn from the Brazilian experience, adjusted their regulation, and established their own banking agent networks. Pioneers in other regions can be found in Kenya, Mongolia, South Africa, and the Philippines.
Links to financial institutions operating banking agents.
Brazil
Chile
Colombia: 
For more information on Colombia's banking agents, please visit: www.bancadelasoportunidades.co.gov
India
Mexico
Peru
Further reading.
Diniz, Eduardo H. ; Jayo, M. ; Pozzebon, M. 2007. Correspondent banking as microcredit delivery channel. In: Chicago Microfinance Conference, 2007, Chicago. Proceedings of the Chicago Microfinance Conference. Chicago, USA.
Diniz, Eduardo H.; Marlei Pozzebon; Martin Jayo. 2008. Banking Technology to Scale Microfinance: The Case of Correspondent Banking In Brazil. In Proceedings of ICIS 2008 (International Conference on Information Systems): 144. Paris, France.
Diniz, Eduardo H.; Martin Jayo; Tania P. Christopoulos. 2009. Monitoring and evaluating microfinance delivery through ICT-based correspondent banking. Proceedings of 3rd European Conference on Information Management and Evaluation, Gothenburg:ECIME.
Ivatury, Gautam. Using Technology to Build Inclusive Financial Systems. CGAP Focus Note No. 32. Washington D.C.: January 2006
Ivatury, G. and Timothy Lyman. Use of Agents in Branchless Banking for the Poor: Rewards, Risks, and Regulation. CGAP Focus Note No. 38. Washington D.C.: October 2006
Kumar, Anjali et al. Expanding Bank Outreach through Retail Partnerships: Correspondent Banking in Brazil World Bank Working Paper No. 85. The World Bank: Washington DC. 2006
Prieto Ariza, Ana Maria. Ampliación del Acceso a los Servicios Financieros Mediante Corresponsales No Bancarios: La Experiencia de Brasil y Perú. Documento Asobancaria No. 3. Asociación Bancaria Y de Entidades Financieras de Colombia: Bogota. 2006
Jacob, Katy. Retailers as Financial Services Providers: The Potential and Pitfalls of This Burgeoning Distribution Channel. The Center for Financial Innovation: Chicago, IL. 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18913156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913156" title="Constitutional reforms of Julius Caesar">
Constitutional reforms of Julius Caesar

The constitutional reforms of Julius Caesar were a series of laws pertaining to the Constitution of the Roman Republic enacted between 49 and 44 BC, during Caesar's dictatorship. Caesar died in 44 BC before the implications of his constitutional actions could be realized.
Julius Caesar's constitutional framework.
During his early career, Caesar had seen how chaotic and dysfunctional the Roman Republic had become. The republican machinery had broken down under the weight of imperialism, the central government had become powerless, the provinces had been transformed into independent principalities under the absolute control of their governors, and the army had replaced the constitution as the means of accomplishing political goals. With a weak central government, political corruption had spiraled out of control, and the status quo had been maintained by a corrupt aristocracy, which saw no need to change a system which had made all of its members quite rich. 
Between his crossing of the Rubicon River in 49 BC, and his assassination in 44 BC, Caesar established a new constitution, which was intended to accomplish three separate goals. First, he wanted to suppress all armed resistance out in the provinces, and thus bring order back to the Republic. Second, he wanted to create a strong central government in Rome. And finally, he wanted to knit together the entire Republic into a single cohesive unit. The first goal was accomplished when Caesar defeated Pompey and his supporters. To accomplish the other two goals, he needed to ensure that his control over the government was undisputed, and so he assumed these powers by increasing his own authority, and by decreasing the authority of Rome's other political institutions. To increase his own powers, he assumed the important magistracies, and to weaken Rome's other political institutions, he instituted several additional reforms. He controlled the process by which candidates were nominated for magisterial elections, he appointed his own supporters to the senate, and he prevented hostile measures from being adopted by the assemblies.
Julius Caesar's reforms.
Caesar held both the Dictatorship and the Tribunate, but alternated between the Consulship and the Proconsulship. His powers within the state seem to have rested upon these magistracies. He was first appointed Dictator in 49 BC by the Praetor (and future Triumvir) Marcus Aemilius Lepidus, possibly in order to preside over elections, but resigned his Dictatorship within eleven days. In 48 BC, he was appointed Dictator again, only this time for an indefinite period, and in 46 BC, he was appointed Dictator for ten years. In February 44 BC, one month before his assassination, he was appointed Dictator for life. The Dictatorship of Caesar was fundamentally different from the Dictatorship of the early and middle republic, as he held the office for life, rather than for six months, and he also held certain judicial powers which the ordinary Dictators had not held. Under Caesar, a significant amount of authority had been vested in both the Master of the Horse, as well as in the Urban Prefect, which had not been the case under earlier Dictators. They held these additional powers under Caesar, however, because Caesar was frequently out of Italy. Earlier Dictators, in contrast, were almost never allowed to leave Italy.
In October 45 BC, Caesar resigned his position as sole Consul, and facilitated the election of two successors for the remainder of the year, which, in theory at least, restored the ordinary Consulship, since the constitution did not recognize a single Consul without a colleague. However, this also set a precedent which Caesar's imperial successors followed, since under the empire, Consuls served for several months, resigned, and then the emperor facilitated the election of successors for the remainder of that Consular term. Caesar's actions, therefore, further submitted the Consuls to the Dictatorial executive. In 48 BC, Caesar was given permanent tribunician powers, which made his person sacrosanct, allowed him to veto the senate, and allowed him to dominate the Plebeian Council. Since Tribunes were always elected by the Plebeian Council, Caesar had hoped to prevent the election of Tribunes who might oppose him, although on at least one occasion, Tribunes did attempt to obstruct him. The offending Tribunes in this case, C. Epidius Marullus and L. Caesetius Flavus, were brought before the senate and divested of their office, and as such, Caesar used the same theory of popular sovereignty that Tiberius Gracchus had used against Marcus Octavius in 133 BC. This was not the first time that Caesar had violated a Tribune's sacrosanctity, since after he had first marched on Rome in 49 BC, he forcibly opened the Treasury in spite of a seal placed on it by a Tribune. After the impeachment of the two obstructive Tribunes, Caesar, perhaps unsurprisingly, faced no further opposition from other members of the tribunician college. 
In 46 BC, Caesar gave himself the title of "Prefect of the Morals" ("praefectura morum"), which was an office that was new only in name, as its powers were identical to those of the Censorship. Thus, he could hold Censorial powers, while technically not subjecting himself to the same checks that the ordinary Censors were subject to, and he used these powers to fill the senate with his own partisans. He also set the precedent, which his imperial successors followed, of requiring the senate to bestow various titles and honors upon him. He was, for example, given the title of "Father of the Fatherland" (""pater patriae"") and ""imperator"" (an honorary title, not to be confused with the modern title of "emperor"). Coins bore his likeness, and he was given the right to speak first during senate meetings. Caesar then increased the number of magistrates who were elected each year, which created a large pool of experienced magistrates, and allowed Caesar to reward his supporters. This also weakened the powers of the individual magistrates, and thus of the magisterial colleges. Caesar even took steps to transform Italy into a province, and to more tightly link the other provinces of the empire into a single cohesive unit. This addressed the underlying problem that had caused the Social War decades earlier, where individuals outside Rome, and certainly outside Italy, were not considered "Roman", and thus were not given full citizenship rights. This process, of ossifying the entire Roman Empire into a single unit, rather than maintaining it as a network of unequal principalities, would ultimately be completed by Caesar's successor, the emperor Augustus.
When Caesar returned to Rome in 47 BC, the ranks of the senate had been severely depleted, and so he used his Censorial powers to appoint many new senators, which eventually raised the senate's membership to 900. All of these appointments were of his own partisans, which robbed the senatorial aristocracy of its prestige, and made the senate increasingly subservient to him. While the assemblies continued to meet, Caesar submitted all candidates to the assemblies for election, and all bills to the assemblies for enactment, which caused the assemblies to become powerless and unable to oppose him. To minimize the risk that another general might attempt to challenge him, Caesar passed a law which subjected governors to term limits: Governors of Praetorial provinces had to abdicate their office after one year, while governors of Consular provinces had to abdicate their office after two years. Near the end of his life, Caesar began to prepare for a war against the Parthian Empire. Since his absence from Rome might limit his ability to install his own Consuls, he passed a law which allowed him to appoint all magistrates in 43 BC, and all Consuls and Tribunes in 42 BC. This, in effect, transformed the magistrates from being representatives of the people to being representatives of the Dictator, while this conferred a significant amount of political influence on himself, Caesar saw this as necessary in order to contest the domineering influence of the Senate and Equestrians within the Plebeian councils.
Caesar's assassination and the Second Triumvirate.
Caesar was assassinated in March 44 BC. The motives of the conspirators were both personal as well as political. Many of Caesar's ultimate assassins were jealous of him, and unsatisfied as to the recognition that they had received from him. Most of the conspirators were senators, and many of them were angry about the fact that he had deprived the senate of much of its power and prestige. They were also angry that, while they had received few honors, Caesar had been given many honors. There were also rumors that he was going to make himself king, and transfer the seat of government to Alexandria. The grievances that they held against him were vague, and as such, their plan against him was vague. The fact that their motives were vague, and that they had no idea of what to do after his assassination, both were plainly obvious by the subsequent course of events.
After Caesar's assassination, Mark Antony, who had been Caesar's master of the horse, formed an alliance with Caesar's adopted son and great-nephew, Gaius Octavian. Along with Marcus Aemilius Lepidus, they formed an alliance known as the Second Triumvirate. They held powers that were nearly identical to the powers that Caesar had held under his constitution, and as such, the senate and assemblies remained powerless. The conspirators were defeated at the Battle of Philippi in 42 BC. Lepidus became powerless, and Antony went to Egypt to seek glory in the east, while Octavian remained in Rome. Eventually, however, Antony and Octavian fought against each other in one last battle. Antony was defeated in the naval Battle of Actium in 31 BC, and committed suicide in 30 BC. In 29 BC, Octavian returned to Rome, as the unchallenged master of the state. In 27 BC, Octavian offered to give up the Dictatorial powers which he had held since 42 BC, but the senate refused, and thus ratified his status as master of the state. He became the first Roman Emperor, Augustus, and the transition from Roman Republic to Roman Empire was complete.

</doc>
<doc id="18913167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913167" title="Britta Unsleber">
Britta Unsleber

Britta Unsleber (born December 25, 1966 in Darmstadt) is former German international football player. The defender was capped 54 times for Germany, scoring 13 goals. She won two German championships and five cups with FSV Frankfurt. She also won a championship at TSV Siegen. In 1989 and 1991 she won the Women's EURO with the German national team.
Club career.
Unsleber's career began at TSV Eschollbrück, where she had her first appearance for the senior team when only 14 years old. From 1984 on and for most of her career she played for FSV Frankfurt, where she won the championship in 1986 and 1995. With Frankfurt she also won cups in 1985, 1990, 1992, 1995, and 1996. From 1992 to 1994 Unsleber played for TSV Siegen, where she won the championship in 1994.
International career.
Unsleber was capped 54 times and scored 13 goals for Germany's national team. Her debut was on November 21, 1984 against the Netherlands. With Germany she won the 1989 and 1991 Women's EURO. Unsleber was also part of the team, which finished fourth at the 1991 FIFA Women's World Cup. She was capped for the last time against Denmark on July 3, 1993.
Coaching career.
Britta Unsleber currently is assistant coach at Sportfreunde Siegen, the club she played for between 1992 and 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18913174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913174" title="Billboard Year-End Hot 100 singles of 1998">
Billboard Year-End Hot 100 singles of 1998

This is a list of "Billboard" magazine's Top Hot 100 songs of 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18913191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913191" title="Craig Hummer">
Craig Hummer

Craig B. Hummer (born in Akron, Ohio) is an American sportscaster known for his work on Versus (formerly OLN). He has covered the Tour de France since 2005, first as an interviewer and then in 2008 as an anchor alongside Bob Roll. Hummer is a former competitive ocean swimmer and lifeguard, winning titles and competing for NCAA Division III Kenyon College on an academic scholarship.
Hummer first pursued a broadcasting career in 1996. He briefly worked for TVG Network, a horse racing network.
Since joining OLN/Versus, he has called many events, including Professional Bull Riders, the Tour de France, the 2007 America's Cup, and in 2003 was part of a film crew following athletes climbing Mount Everest. He has been a commentator as well for mixed martial arts, calling UFC 55 on pay-per-view. He has also been used as an interviewer by the UFC and WEC. Hummer was part of NBC Sports' broadcast team for the 2008 Summer Olympics, calling marathon swimming, synchronized swimming, whitewater canoeing, triathlon, and road and track cycling.
Hummer is married with three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="18913197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913197" title="Tonari no 801-chan">
Tonari no 801-chan

, read as "Tonari no Yaoi-chan" and literally translated as "My Neighbor Yaoi-chan", is a Japanese four-panel Internet manga written and illustrated by Ajiko Kojima. The story centers on the relationship between a male otaku named Tibet and his yaoi-obsessed fujoshi girlfriend Yaoi whose obsession manifests itself as a small, green furry monster. Kojima originally started the manga on April 18, 2006 on his blog, and Ohzora Publishing released the first bound volume in December 2006; as of July 2008, three volumes have been published. By June 2007, the first volume had sold 150,000 copies. The manga began serialization from the first chapter in Ohzora's "Romance Tiara" magazine in April 2009.
A shōjo manga re-imagining of the series entitled "Tonari no 801-chan: Fujoshiteki Kōkō Seikatsu" written and illustrated by Jin started serialization in Kodansha's "Bessatsu Friend" on November 28, 2007. A spin-off manga series written and illustrated by Jun Minamikata called "801-shiki Chūgakusei Nikki: Tonari no Hina-chan" started serialization in "Romance Tiara" in April 2009. A live action DVD-only film was produced in September 2007, and a drama CD was released in April 2008, and another followed in October 2008. An anime adaptation by Kyoto Animation was announced to air in Japan in 2009, but was unexpectedly canceled.
Origin.
The green monster featured in "Tonari no 801-chan" has its origins in , the real-life mascot of the Misono Bridge 801 shopping center in northern Kyoto, Japan. The mascot, resembling Kyoto's well-known Kamo eggplant, was designed in late 2005 by a student at Kyoto Seika University. The shopping center itself was named for its 800-meter length, adding one to represent future expansion. Since the numbers 8-0-1 can be read in Japanese as ya-o-i (yaoi), the mascot soon became an Internet phenomenon. This brought the mascot to the attention of Ajiko Kojima, a Japanese blogger who took the mascot and slightly altered its appearance, using it as a basis for use his new webcomic "Tonari no 801-chan" in April 2006.
Plot and characters.
"Tonari no 801-chan" is narrated by , otherwise known as , a twenty-eight-year-old company employee and boyfriend to Yaoi, otherwise known as . Yaoi, who also works in a company, is a twenty-two-year-old fujoshi, a female otaku who is a fan of anime and manga series featuring yaoi, or romantic relationships between men. Tibet, who is an otaku himself, initially met Yaoi over the Internet. When she obsesses over yaoi, a small green furry monster comes out of a zipper from her back as the manifestation of her obsession.
In "Tonari no 801-chan: Fujoshiteki Kōkō Seikatsu", the story begins with the junior-high school student , a fujoshi who does not especially have an interest in the 3D aspect of life. One rainy day, however, she takes an interest in a high school student named and wants to get into the same high school as him. To that end, she enlists the help of her childhood friend who helps her study for the entrance examination, and diet so as to become a cuter girl. All goes according to plan, until a scheming girl going to the same school named makes it harder for Rei to get closer to Kei.
Media.
Manga.
"Tonari no 801-chan" began as a four-panel Internet manga series written and illustrated by Ajiko Kojima which he started on his blog on April 18, 2006. Ohzora Publishing released the first bound volume of the manga on December 14, 2006 under their "Next comics" imprint, and as of July 17, 2008, three volumes have been published. Included in the volumes are additional manga strips not featured on his blog. The first two volumes have sold over 320,000 copies in Japan. The manga began serialization from the first chapter in Ohzora's josei manga magazine "Romance Tiara" on April 11, 2009.
A shōjo manga re-imagining of the series entitled written and illustrated by Jin started serialization in Kodansha's shōjo manga magazine "Bessatsu Friend" on November 28, 2007. The first volume was released on March 13, 2008, and the second followed on July 11, 2008; the volumes are published under Kodansha's "KC Deluxe" imprint.
A spin-off manga series entitled written and illustrated by Jun Minamikata started serialization in "Romance Tiara" on April 11, 2009.
Film.
A live action straight-to-DVD sixty-minute film directed by Kōtarō Terauchi was produced on September 5, 2007. The film stars Sō Hirosawa as Yaoi, and Koji Seto as Tibet, and also features Kotaro Yanagi playing a role. Ajiko Kojima, the original manga author, has a small cameo appearance in the film.
Drama CDs.
A drama CD based on the original manga was released by Marine Entertainment in Japan on April 23, 2008, and the first-print version of the CD came bundled with a mini hand towel. Another drama CD was released by Marine Entertainment on October 22, 2008, and the first-print version came bundled with a mousepad sticker, and an extra track featuring a group talk of the drama cast.
Anime.
An anime adaptation of the original manga was planned to be produced by Kyoto Animation and broadcast on TBS to begin airing in Japan in 2009, but was unexpectedly canceled. However, a 90-second "opening anime" called was produced by A-1 Pictures and directed by Yutaka Yamamoto; it was bundled with the fourth volume of the original web manga released on September 10, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18913198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913198" title="The Rough Bounds">
The Rough Bounds

The Rough Bounds (), in the Scottish Highlands, is the area of West Inverness-shire between Loch Hourn and Loch Shiel, consisting of the districts of Knoydart, North Morar, Arisaig and Moidart. The area is famous for its wildness and inaccessibility and remains very sparsely populated.
History.
Historically, ownership was divided (and intermittently contested) between the Macdonalds of Clanranald and the Macdonells of Glengarry - both clans being persistent thorns in the side of central government. In particular, the Rough Bounds in the 18th century represented a hotbed of Catholicism and Jacobitism. A succession of flamboyant but unsuccessful chiefs (including especially Alexander Ranaldson MacDonell of Glengarry (1771-1828) and Ranald George Macdonald of Clanranald (1788-1873) resulted ultimately in the area passing into other hands.

</doc>
<doc id="18913201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913201" title="Muntinlupa-Parañaque-Las Piñas F.A.">
Muntinlupa-Parañaque-Las Piñas F.A.

The Muntinlupa-Parañaque-Las Piñas Football Association, also known as the MPLFA, is a Filipino football association based in Metro Manila. It works as the football association for the Muntinlupa-Parañaque-Las Piñas area and organizes local tournaments, such as the MPLFA Premier League. It is not yet a regular member of the Philippine Football Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18913209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913209" title="Equinox (1986 video game)">
Equinox (1986 video game)

Equinox is an action video game developed by Mikro-Gen in 1986 for the ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC and Commodore 64.
Gameplay.
In the game you control a Dedicated Disposal Droid that must harvest the planet Sury Ani 7. However, there is a security system of defence droids trying to stop you. In order to progress you have to turn off the security system and clear the area of radioactive material. The game comprises 8 levels, each with a time-limit restriction.

</doc>
<doc id="18913212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913212" title="Nightschool">
Nightschool

Nightschool: The Weirn Books is an ongoing supernatural original English-language manga written and illustrated by Svetlana Chmakova. The chapters appear as a serial in the monthly manga magazine "Yen Plus", which collects the chapters in bound volumes. The first was released in April 2009.
Plot.
"Nightschool answers the age-old question — Where do demons get their diplomas?" The main setting of this series is at a building called the Nightschool. This is an ordinary high school during the day that transforms at sundown into a safe institution for Weirns, Vampires, Werewolves and other supernatural beings. The teachers conduct classes that teach a number of magic-based skills as well as common curricula (math, science, etc.) throughout the night. The main character of the series is a teenage girl named Alex, who is a weirn, a specific type of witch. She does not initially attend the Nightschool, for an unknown reason, and appears to be part of a mysterious prophecy. After her sister takes the night keeper post at the school and goes missing, Alex begins to wonder if the school had something to do with her disappearance. Alex enrolls as a new student to investigate and find her sister.
Characters.
Alex, at times, says or does things and wonders why or forgets entirely. This is first discovered when she somehow steals time from three hunters, then finds herself at home and can't remember anything after meeting them. Although she appears to be a mean person, she loves her sister with extreme devotion. She is very bitter about something that prevents her from working with other students and hates it being mentioned. She is one of the Sohrem, and is the person Marina (another of the Sohrem) keeps referring to. Daemon said that her hair was originally brown, and various actions suggest that Alex's white hair is the result of a curse, including a reference by Sarah to an event that happened three years ago. After her sister's disappearance, Alex became homeless after she couldn't prove that she and her sister owned the apartment they live in. When visiting Ronee and Rochelle, Alex learned about Rochelle's special condition and why Ronee rules the school "with an iron fist." She also explained to the two sisters about her own condition. When she was younger, her best friend died and blamed it on Alex. The friend's mother cursed Alex at the funeral with the Neren Hex and she woke up with white hair. The mother was arrested and inhibited before she could reverse the curse, however, and now Alex cannot say that she "likes" or "loves" something, because it will explode. It is likely that this curse is what made Alex a Sohrem. When the Nightschool became temporarily closed, Alex had no way of knowing this and bumped into Eron, Ronee, Sion and Remy. After Ronee explained that Rochelle, like Sarah, had disappeared and that Remy had found the spell for opening the gate, Alex and Ronee went with Eron to the swamp they saw before. After they found Sarah and Rochelle, Eron revealed that this was a trap and captured them, introducing them to his "friends", who were Mr. Roi's old companions.
Hunters.
These appear to be humans that are trained in magical arts and demonology in order to protect other humans from the demonic races. There is reference to a treaty, which all demonic beings must adhere to. Breaking this treaty, by attacking a human, means destruction at the hands of a hunter. The hunter acts as judge, jury and executioner. All hunters have physical powers far above normal humans, and seem to be able to use some form of energy in battle. Daemon has also shown the power to heal himself and has taught his student various magics, such as making doubles. They are also weak to a poison called veres, made from the blood of hunters who have killed humans. Doing so causes a very painful death. Non fatal injuries cause a more minor reaction and can allow for resistance to build up. The three students who have had their time taken away by Alex's Sohrem would die in three days if they did not wake up.
There is a chance he may now be the alpha-male of a Shifter pack since the leader challenged him and lost. He is a Night Lord, a being of extreme power, and helped seal the Sohrem.
Beings.
Weirn/Astral.
The weirn is a specific type of witch characterized by strong magical abilities and a being or familiar called an astral. The astral seems to be the defining characteristic that separates Weirns from regular witches. Astrals appear as a floating mask with black and white smoke coming all around it. They are demons bound to the weirn for life.
According to Mrs. Murrey, "Astrals are not terribly smart, unlike real demons like myself. They are as loyal as dogs and have just about as much sense or finesse, but with care, attention, and proper training techniques, they can become quite clever and useful, beyond their natural function of protecting you and being a general waste of space... Astrals may be easily capable of punching through walls and such, but applying finesse in a delicate task? You'll find out it's not quite as easy as it ."
However, Sarah (in one of Alex's memories) explains that an astral is not a "separate thing" from its weirn, but a "part of your being, part of your power - like your voice, your hands." They don't like being treated as inferior or separate from their weirns, and cannot fairly be blamed for their owners' faults in controlling them.
A few notes: 
It is taboo for a person to touch a weirn's astral, and it appears that it is extremely insulting to ask to see or touch it.
Weirns are able to hide their astrals from view simply by telling them to hide. With their astrals hidden, weirns appear to be normal humans.
Astrals are fiercely protective of their weirns, and possess immense strength and shapeshifting abilities, though the last appears to come only with training and experience. 
Alex's astral is extremely fond of cookies.
Vampire.
The vampire, sometimes called a "nozzie" by Hunters, is a being that drinks the blood of others to satisfy a desire for blood or 'the life' of another. Vampires transform over generations into something called a ripper. The ripper seems to have more in common with a ghast or ghouls in this stage of evolution and will attack anything without being able to control itself. According to the Hunters, all vampires eventually turn to rippers if they survive long enough. 
The vampires' inability to be photographed is the reason why the Nightschool has never had a yearbook. Sarah Treveney intended to remedy this by substituting drawn portraits for pictures. 
Shifter.
Shifters are night people who can transform into animals. The only ones we see are Gray and his cronies, but there are many different kinds. Not much is known, but they can heal extremely quickly.
Demons.
Demons are humanoids who appear to possess magical abilities. The most obvious example is Mrs. Murrey, who draws Alex into a world she has created for the final exam. In this world, she appears as a bat-like creature. Demons can also cast spells: Mrs. Murrey performs several on misbehaving students. Demons have pointed ears, and completely red eyes with x-shaped or sideways pupils.
Seers.
Have the ability to 'see' into the future. They need to take medicine to remain sane, but this often affects visions. People will pay millions to hire a sane Seer.
Sohrem.
Millennia ago word spread of seven children walking the land spreading death and destroying whole cities. Nothing was spared, and no stone left standing. Mr Roi and his companions named them Sohrem, meaning "hollow wrath", saying that "it seemed to fit." They rejected all attempts at negotiations and "simply crushed everything in its path as if it were a duty." Mr Roi tried to learn about them although not much could be learned from the dead bodies left behind, but he did learn that "one thing was for certain- they were all real children before they turned. Not happy children, I should add, all carrying burdens that no children that age should have to bear. Exceptionally strong spirits all seven - none of them buckling under the weight. One was a hunter of all things." Before Roi and his companions sealed them, the Sohrem promised him that it was not over.
Eron broke the seal on the advice of Mr Roi's defeated companions, believing they would make him a Night Lord. They also forced the Sohrem to be sealed within Alex and Ronee. It isn't known if they decided the other 5 hosts. The Sohrem's reason for destruction is "Justice. I have come for justice. I spoke with the voice of thousands. It is millions, now. This world would not hear them cry. This world would not help. It will now pay the price." It seems that the Sohrem's hosts were abused children.
From their speech, it seems the Sohrem consider themselves a force of justice. It seems that, in their mind, they are meting out a deserved punishment to the world for not helping those in need, which would fit with how the hosts were people who had harsh lives. Although they seemed to be content to let their original 7 hosts use the power of their own volatition, they can also take control of their host and use their power themselves, which they did upon realizing that their hosts had been chosen for them.
Mr Roi, Daemon, and Madam Chen stopped the Sohrem using a highly powerful time-altering spell known as the Reave to change several things in the past, such as saving Theo's son, bringing the stolen time back, and temporarily sealing the Sohrem individually. However, the seals will not last forever.
Release.
Written and illustrated by Svetlana Chmakova, the chapters of "Nightschool" have appeared as a serial in the monthly manga anthology "Yen Plus" since August 2008. The chapters are complied into bound volumes by Yen Press, which has published four volumes as of January 2012.
Reception.
Critics positively reviewed the first chapter in "Yen Plus" as "very ambitious" and a promising start, though one questioned Chmakova's ability to "keep up with such an ambitious schedule." Similar positive reviews have followed for the bound volumes. Mangalife's Joy Kim praised the racially diverse group of characters, but thought the characters were "a bit underdeveloped" compared to the protagonist. She found the second volume to be an improvement since the first, which focused more on "world-building" than characters, and praised the art as "full of energy, personality, and humor." Ed Sizemore also noted the improvement of the second volume over the first and stated: "I fully recommend this book for the art alone, if not completely for the storytelling."
About.com's Debi Aoki listed "Nightschool" as the Best New Original English Manga of 2009. Young Adult Library Services Association, a division of the American Library Association, put the first two volumes of "Nightschool" on its 2010 list of Great Graphic Novels For Teens.
It was also one of the top manga properties for Yen Press in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18913216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913216" title="Temples of North Karnataka">
Temples of North Karnataka

Temples of North Karnataka
North Karnataka has innumerable sites in the Temple Map of Karnataka, India, with its some of its still surviving monuments going back to the 7th century AD. The Badami Chalukyas were the builders of rock cut caves and ancient temple complexes. At Pattadakal, there are Temples in the Dravidian style along with Temples in styles that were later adopted in Eastern and Central India. The sculptural quality in these temples is outstanding.
The Badami Chalukyas were succeeded by the Rashtrakutas and the Kalyani Chalukyas.
The Vijayanagar Empire marks the period of great Temple building activity in Karnataka and these temples are characterized by the building of pillared mandapas and lofty entrance towers The Vijayanagar Empire was destroyed by the Deccan Sultanates in the 16th century and the ruins can be seen at Hampi.
The temples of the coastal region are markedly different in architectural styles.
Haveri region.
1. Basavanna Temple at Haveri
2. Siddhadeva Temple at Haveri
3. Adikesava Temple at Kaginele
4. Kalahasteshwara Temple at Kaginele
5. Lakshmi Temple at Kaginele
6. Someshwara Temple at Kaginele
7. Virabhadra Temple at Kaginele
8. Narasimha Temple at Kaginele
9. Sangameshwara Temple at Kaginele
10. Mallari Temple at Gudda Guddaapura near Ranebennur
11. Basaveshwara temple Kuruvathi
12. Galageshwara temple Galaganatha
12. Chalukya temple at Chaudayyadanapura
Gadag region.
1. Trikuteshwara Temple at Gadag
2. Vira Narayana Temple at Gadag
3. Someshwara Temple at Gadag
4. Kasivisvesvara temple, Lakkundi, Lakkundi
5. Bhrama Jinalaya at Lakkundi
6. Suryanarayana Temple at Lakkundi
7. Someshwara Temple at Lakshmeshwar
8. Dodda Basappa Temple at Dambal
9. Amriteshwara Temple at Annigeri
10. Gajina Basappa Temple at Annigeri
11. Hire Hanuman Temple at Annigeri
12. Basappa Temple at Annigeri
Badami region.
1. Temples at Badami
Badami is in the Bagalkot District.
Badami known formerly as Vatapi was the ancient capital of the Chalukyas.
This site has several temples. The Bhutanatha hill has 4 temples, with several beautiful bas reliefs.
These cave temples date back to the 6th century. The Dattatreya temple goes back to the 12th century.
The Mallikarjuna temple with a star shaped plan goes back to the 11th century.
Badami Cave Temples
Badami arrayed with most picturesque location is worth a visit site.
Badami is famous for its cave temples all hewn out of sand stone on the cliff of a hill.
The region is adorned with pristine blue lake, famous ancient temple shrines, museum and above all Hindu and Jain caves, 
carved out of Sandstone. The largest and most ornamental is the third cave temple dedicated to Vishnu.
Agastya teertha reservoir thronged with temples dedicated to Vishnu and Shiva.
The Bhutanath temple that lend their name to the lake beneath the cave temples.
2. Temples at Aihole
Aihole is in the Southern portion of Bagalkot District.
More than 100 temples are located in Aihole. Hindu structural temples in Deccan originated here. The Durga temple is known for its apsidal plan, exquisite carvings and its pillared corridors. Much of the temples here date back to the 6th and 7th centuries. The second phase of temples here date back to the 12th and 13th centuries.
3. Banashankari Temple at Banashankari near Badami
Koppal region.
1. Jambunatha Swamy Hill Temple at Hospet
2. Kanakachalapathi Temple at Kanakagiri
Kanakachalapathi Temple at Kanakagiri, is located near Gangawati in Koppal District. This is a beautiful temple built by the Kanakagiri Naiks. This temple has several stone and wooden statues and plaster models. It has a beautiful tank surrounded by sculptured walls.
3. Ranganatha Temple at Anegondi
4. Virupaksha Temple at Hampi
5. Vithala Temple at Hampi
6. Navalinga Temples at Kuknur
7. Pattabhirama Temple at Hampi
Pattabhirama Temple is situated in the city of Hampi. Lord Rama is the holy deity who is worshipped here with full dedication. This majestic temple is known for its splendid architecture that dates back to Vijayanagar period.
8. Mahadeva Temple (Itagi) near Koppal
It is splendidly decorated. The richly carved pillars, beautiful inner hall, and the shikhara are its highlights. This temple dedicated to Shiva is considered to be one of the best Chalukya Temples.
Hubli-Dharwad region.
1. Ranganatha Nagareshwara Temple at Bankapura
2. Siddheshwara Temple at Bankapura
3. Chandramouleshwara Temple at Unkal, Hubballi
Davangere region.
1. Ahobala Narasimha Temple at Niratadi near Davangere
2. Eshwara Temple at Anekonda near Davangere
3. Harihareshwara Temple at Harihar (Davangere) near Chitradurga
Karwar region.
1. Murdeshwara Temple at Murdeshwara (Bhatkal) 
Murdeshwara, Tallest Hindu Temple Gopura and Shiva Statue in the World
2. Mahabaleshwar Temple at Gokarna
Raichur region.
1. Dattatreya Temple at Koormagadde Naradagadde 
2. Markandeshwara Temple at Kallur
Markandeshwara Temple at Kallur is dedicated to Lord Markandeshwara (Shiva). Krishnadevaraya of the 
Vijayanagar Empire worshipped in these temples along with his family.
The Markandeshwara is the oldest temple with exquisitely carved, polished pillars.
3. Narada Temple at Naradagadde
Narada Temple is dedicated to the Divine Sage Narada. This temple is constructed on Naradagadde one of the most scenic islands on the Krishna River. Due to its exquisite location the temple is not only visited by devotees but also by the travel enthusiast who make their day on the bank of the river.

</doc>
<doc id="18913230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913230" title="Vasko Simoniti">
Vasko Simoniti

Vasko Simoniti (born 23 March 1951) is a Slovenian historian and politician. Between 2004 and 2008, he served as the Minister of Culture of Slovenia. He is an active member of the Slovenian Democratic Party.
Early life and academic career.
Simoniti was born in Ljubljana as the son of the renowned composer and choir leader Rado Simoniti who had moved to the Slovenian capital from the Goriška region in the 1930s in order to escape the violent policies of Fascist Italianization in the Julian March. Vasko attended the prestigious Classical Lyceum of Ljubljana. He studied at the University of Ljubljana, graduating from history in 1977. After a short period of work in the public administration of the Socialist Republic of Slovenia, he started teaching at the Ljubljana University in 1981. In 1989 he obtained his PhD at the same university and started teaching history of the early modern period of South Eastern Europe.
As a historian, he dedicated himself mostly to the history of Slovene Lands in the early modern period, especially the relations of the Slovene Lands and the Ottoman Empire. He has also written on problems of methodology and epistemology in historical sciences. In the late 1990s, he was the co-author, together with the writer and public intellectual Drago Jančar and journalist and historian Alenka Puhar, of the exhibition "The Dark Side of the Moon" () on the authoritarian and totalitarian elements of the Communist dictatorship in the former Yugoslavia, with an emphasis on Slovenia.
Political activity.
He first became actively involved in politics in the parliamentary elections of 2000, when he ran unsuccessfully for the Slovenian National Assembly on the list of the Social Democratic Party of Slovenia (now known as the Slovenian Democratic Party). In the presidential elections of 2002, he served as the chief advisor of the centre-right candidate Barbara Brezigar who eventually lost against the centre-left candidate Janez Drnovšek. In 2004, he was among the co-founders of the liberal conservative civic platform Rally for the Republic (). Later in the same year, he became the Minister for Culture in the centre-right government led by prime minister Janez Janša. After the victory of the left-wing coalition in 2008, he was replaced by Majda Širca.
Personal life.
He is married to the journalist and TV host Alenka Zor Simoniti. He is the brother of the diplomat Iztok Simoniti and cousin of the philologist and translator Primož Simoniti. Besides Slovene, he is fluent in English, German, French, Italian and Serbo-Croatian.

</doc>
<doc id="18913232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913232" title="Diocese of Guyana">
Diocese of Guyana

The Anglican Diocese of Guyana is one of eight within the Province of the West Indies. Its cathedral is St. George's Cathedral, Georgetown. The diocese came into being on 24 August 1842, when William Piercy Austin was consecrated as the first bishop.
The current bishop is the Rt Rev Cornell Jerome Moss.
In a 2002 census, about 7% of Guyanese described themselves as Anglican.

</doc>
<doc id="18913247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913247" title="Trijntje Keever">
Trijntje Keever

Trijntje Cornelisdochter Keever (April 10 or 16, 1616 – July 22, 1633), nicknamed De Groote Meid (in English, "The Big Girl"), is alleged to be the tallest female person in recorded history, standing 9 Amsterdam feet or tall at the time of her death at age seventeen.
Trijntje Keever was the daughter of Cornelis Keever and Anna Pouwels. Cornelis was a Dutch skipper and Anna was his maid; he married her on May 24, 1605. Trijntje was born on April 10 or 16, 1616 in Edam.
Trijntje’s parents took her to carnivals to earn some money by letting people see her. Trijntje first received public attention when she was nine years old and had reached the height of . A royal company consisting of the Bohemian king Frederick V, Elector Palatine, his wife Elizabeth of Bohemia and the princess Amalia of Solms-Braunfels, living in The Hague at the time, visited her, curious about the “nine-year-old girl taller than every man in Europe.”
Trijntje died of cancer at the age of 17 in Ter Veen (Veere?). She was buried on July 7, 1633 in Edam, her town of birth. Her epitaph is said to have read, “Trijntje Crelis groote meidt oudt 17 jaer”, or, in English: “Trijntje Crelis, big girl, 17 years of age”. In the townhall of Edam is a lifesize painting by an unknown artist portraying Trijntje in civilian clothes with a belt holding at her right a keyring and at her left a pincushion and a sheath with a knife, fork, and spoon. The caption with the painting suggests she was portrayed more beautiful than she really was and that she probably suffered from acromegaly.
Her original shoes are also on display. If there were a size for the shoes, they would be European size 54 (36 cm or 14 in long).
If her height was correct she would be the tallest woman ever, overtaking Zeng Jinlian and the third tallest person ever, behind Robert Wadlow and John Rogan.

</doc>
<doc id="18913269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913269" title="Standard of living in Israel">
Standard of living in Israel

The standard of living in Israel is high and is constantly improving. , Israel ranks 16th among 187 world nations on the UN's Human Development Index, which places it in the category of "Very Highly Developed". Israel also has one of the highest life expectancies at birth in the world. However, Israel still suffers from poverty with roughly 20.5% of Israeli families living below the poverty line in 2008, most of them Israeli Arab and Haredi Jewish families. According to a 2010 study by International Living, Israel has the 47th highest standard of living in the world.
History.
Following Israel's establishment in 1948 and victory in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War which began immediately afterward, the country was impoverished and lacking in foreign currency reserves. Life was hard, and living standards saw some decline in the first year after independence. Israel had to recover from the effects of the war, and saw a wave of mass Jewish immigration from post-war Europe, as well as Arab and Muslim countries, doubling the Jewish population in three years. The country was financially overwhelmed, and faced a deep economic crisis. As a result, a strict regime of austerity was put in place. Food, furniture, and footwear were heavily rationed. Rationing allowed for a meager 1,600 calories a day, with additional calories for children, the elderly, and pregnant women. Throughout the austerity period, living standards were preserved at tolerable levels, and the regime of strict rationing enabled the Israeli government to ensure that the entire population was adequately fed, clothed, and sheltered.
In 1952, Israel and West Germany signed a reparations agreement. West Germany agreed to pay Israel financial reparations for the Holocaust, ultimately paying over 3 billion marks over a period of 14 years. The agreement went to force in 1953, when the first reparations payments arrived. As a result, most austerity restrictions were lifted that year; some remained in place, and would be gradually lifted throughout the following years. The families receiving the reparations payments saw a considerable increase in their standard of living; on average, they doubled their incomes.
Throughout the 1950s, Israel was heavily reliant on reparations payments from West Germany, and on financial donations from Jews around the world, especially American Jews. Israel used these sources to invest in its infrastructure and in industrial and agricultural development projects, which allowed the country to become economically self-sufficient. Due to this commitment to development in its first two decades of existence, Israel experienced economic growth rates that exceeded 10% annually. Average living standards rose steadily; between 1950 and 1963, the expenditure of an average wage-earner's family rose 97% in real terms. Israeli historian Tom Segev described the improvement in living conditions during the 1950s due to the rapid development of the country:
The new industrial and agricultural equipment created better conditions for the worker and the farmer. Soon, display windows began showing merchandise long absent; fruits, vegetables, and various food products. People were able to enjoy apples again and spread their bread with butter instead of margarine. Now it was possible to choose from a variety of clothes, shoes, furniture, paper goods, and electrical equipment. The supply did not equal what was available in developed countries, but it was enough to give the impression that the country was finally emerging from austerity... New power stations arrived, and there were fewer electrical outages. People could now have their own telephone lines and travel on railroad cars offering almost European comfort and luxury.
From 1950 to 1976, Israel managed to raise its standard of living threefold. For instance, consumption of animal protein per capita, gr. per day rose from 32.2 to 49.4, while during that same period, the percentage of families owning an electric refrigerator increased from 2.4% to 99.0%. Family ownership of other durables also showed increases. From 1970 to 1976, the percentage of families owning a gas/electric range and oven rose from 5% to 51.8%, and a television set from 49.7% to 89.5%. From 1957 to 1976, the percentage of families owning an electric washing machine rose from 6.9% to 74.6%, and from 1955 to 1976, the percentage of families owning a radio rose from 54.7% to 84.2%. The percentage of families owning a car also increased, from 4.1% in 1962 to 31.2% in 1976. 
One aspect of daily life in Israel that set it apart from much of the world for many years was the absence of television, and then of color television. Television was only introduced in 1966, in schools as an educational tool, and regular public transmissions began in 1968. Even then, all television broadcasts were in black and white, at a time when American and European stations were switching to full-scale color transmissions. Color transmissions were initially banned due to fears of social inequality, although ordinary citizens found ways around this ban, and were only gradually introduced around 1980.
In the 1970s, Israeli living standards were comparable with those of some European countries. However, the years following the Yom Kippur War saw stalled economic growth and increased inflation. Economic growth was on average 0.4% annually, and living standards saw minimal growth, and eventually became completely stagnant. This continued into the 1980s; the Israeli economy was in a dire situation following a financial crisis in 1983, and was saved by a 1985 economic stabilization plan which saw market-oriented reforms to Israel's economy, which had previously been heavily regulated.
Despite these reforms, there was no immediate growth in quality of life; by 1989, living standards in Israel had not increased in more than a decade.
In addition to the 1985 stabilization plan, mass Jewish immigration from the former Soviet Union in the 1990s brought many highly educated and skilled immigrants to Israel, and the Israeli government implemented effective macroeconomic policies. As a result, Israel experienced an economic boom, and living standards rose. In 2002, living standards in Israel began climbing rapidly, and the gap between Israel and many other Western nations in quality of life began to narrow.
Israel's living standards have been continuously rising since. In 2006, Israel was rated as having the 23rd-highest quality of life in the world by the United Nations Human Development Index. In 2010, Israel was ranked 15th in quality of life. In 2011, Bank of Israel Governor Stanley Fischer said that Israel had a standard of living two-thirds as high as that of the United States.
In 2011, social justice protests broke out across the country over the high cost of living. In 2012, a report issued by the Taub Center stated that while living standards in Israel were rising, they were rising more slowly than those of other Western countries.
In late 2013, the Israeli government approved a series of measures to lower the country's high cost of living. A law was passed to break up large conglomerates and end economic concentration, so as to encourage economic competition. A new committee was also formed to remove import barriers and lower prices, making them more comparable to prices abroad.
Demographics.
According to census, Israel's population is 75.4% Jewish, and 20.5% Arab, predominantly Palestinian, as well as Bedouins and Druze. About 4,000 Armenians and 4,000 Circassians live in Israel. There are smaller numbers of people of Jewish heritage or spouses of Jews, non-Arab Christians, and non-Arab Muslims. 3.7% of people are not classified by religion.
In numbers.
Israel was ranked 47 out of 194 nations in the Annual Standard of Living Index published by the International Living Magazine in 2010. This index is produced by a consideration of "nine categories: cost of living, culture and leisure, economy, environment, freedom, health, infrastructure, safety and risk, and climate, and also its editors opinions" Each of these is scored on a scale of 0-100, with 100 marking the highest standard. Israel’s lower scores were for infrastructure (36) cost of living (39), economy (61), environment (68) and safety (71). Its higher scores were for freedom (92), health (85), climate (84), and culture and leisure (83).
Israel was ranked 17th out of 194 nations in the Human Development Index (HDI) 2011 ranking.
Housing.
Since its establishment, the State of Israel has declared that adequate housing for all residents is a matter of the highest priority. Massive budgets have been invested in solving housing problems, and construction is one of the country's most important industries.
Residential construction accounts for a large share of the economy in terms of both investment and product. Nearly half of the state's development budget is earmarked for housing. In 1992, residential construction investment consumed 6.2 percent of the GNP.
Most Israelis live in apartments. According to the Israeli Central Bureau of Statistics, 33% live in three-room apartments, 28% in four-room apartments, and 13% in five-room apartments. CBS statistics also showed that 5% live in one-room apartments, while only 0.6% of Israelis live in a property with eight rooms or more.
In 2006, it was reported that approximately 3,000 Israelis are known to be homeless. According to the Social Affairs Ministry, 70% of homeless people are childless Soviet immigrants and alcoholics, while the remaining 30% are either homeless due to their economic situation, or were mentally unable to live in a home due to irritation with being surrounded by walls and ceilings. The survey also found that every year, 2,000 families are evicted from their apartments following their inability to repay mortgage payments.
Health.
Israel has a system of universal health care run by private corporations, whereas all citizens are entitled to the same Uniform Benefit Package. All Israeli citizens are required to have membership in one of four privately owned Health Maintenance Organizations, which are heavily regulated by the government and subsidized by taxpayer funds. According to a 2000 study by the World Health Organization, Israel has the 28th best health care system in the world. Israel has one of the highest life expectancies at birth in the world, ranking 8 out of 224 nations (2009), with an average life expectancy of 80.73. However, Israel's Arab population has a life expectancy of 75.9 years for males, and 79.7 years for females. Israel's infant mortality rate is also extremely low, with 3.6 per 1,000 live births for Jews, and 8.6 per 1,000 live births for Arabs. Emergency medical services are generally provided by Magen David Adom, Israel's national emergency medical, disaster, ambulance, and blood bank service. In some areas, it is supplemented by Hatzalah and the Palestine Red Crescent Society.
Israel's medical facilities are recognized worldwide for their high standards of health services, top-quality medical resources and research, modern hospital facilities, and an impressive ratio of physicians and specialists to the population. Israeli doctors make NIS 20,000-24,000 (USD $5,000-$6,000) per month.
Education.
Israel’s educational expenditures comprise 6.9% of its GDP (2004), placing Israel 25th out of 182 on the CIA World Factbook’s country comparison of educational expenditures as a percent of GDP.
23.9% of Israel’s adult population (age 25+) has achieved a low attainment level of education, 33.1% has achieved a medium attainment level of education, and 39.7% has achieved a high attainment level of education. Israel’s literacy rate is 97.1% (2004 est.)
Israeli schools are divided into four tracks: public, state-run schools, state-funded yeshivas, Arab schools, and bilingual schools for both Jewish and Arab children. Secondary education prepares students for matriculation exams known as Bagrut. If a student passes, he or she receives a matriculation certificate.
Many Jewish schools in Israel have highly developed special education programs for disabled children, libraries, computers, science laboratories, and film editing studios.
Typically, after a student graduates, he or she will be conscripted into the Israel Defense Forces, Israel Border Police, or Israel Prison Service, although most Arabs are exempt. A student may, however, request to be drafted at a later date to study at a college or university, or a school known as a Mechina, which prepares them for military or national service. Those who study in a university at this stage do so under a contract in which the Army will pay for their Bachelor's degree, but will extend their service by 2–3 years. Universities generally require a number of matriculation units, a certain grade point average, and a good grade on the Psychometric Entrance Test. Israel currently has eight universities, and a number of smaller colleges. According to Webometrics, six Israeli universities are among the top 100 universities in Asia.
Income distribution.
In 2008, a study found that the average family income for Israel's Jewish majority was NIS 14,157.(USD $3,795) per month, while the average income for Israel's Arab minority was NIS 8,151 (USD $2,185) per month. In 2012, a similar study showed that more than half of all Israelis earn under 5,812 NIS per month, approximately $1,557.25 USD per month.
Poverty.
While the overall standard of living in Israel is rising, a report published by the National Insurance Institute (NII) indicated that poverty in Israel has not shown a commensurate decline. The majority of the poor are from the Arab minority. Many Ultra-Orthodox Jews also live below the poverty line; a large percentage do not work, devoting their time to religious study, and rely on welfare.
Despite Israel being a highly urbanized western country, its poverty levels are still moderately high in comparison with other developed countries.
During the late 1980s and 1990s, poverty rates in Israel fluctuated (according to one estimate) from 12.8% in 1989 to 18% in 1994, before falling to about 16% in 1997. The report published by the National Insurance Institute (NII) indicates that poverty levels remained relatively stable in 2006-2007. Roughly 20.5% of Israeli families lived below the poverty line in 2008, a slight increase from the previous year’s 20%. Moreover, 24.7% of Israel’s residents and 35.9% of its children lived in impoverished conditions.
Data for the 2006-2007 NII survey indicates that 420,000 impoverished families resided in Israel (1.5 million people), including some 805,000 children. Poverty indicators for families with a single wage-earner have risen from 22.6% during the last NII survey to 23.9% in the current one. According to a March 2011 report by Adalah, over half of all Arab families in Israel lived in poverty. Furthermore, of the 40 towns in Israel with the highest unemployment rates, 36 were Arab towns. The total employment rate for Arabs is 68% of the employment rate for Jews. Druze and Christian Arabs have a higher employment rate than Muslims do. Poverty is also high among Israel's Haredi population, which is isolated from the rest of Israeli society.
Israeli newspaper Haaretz's staff comment: "The report also revealed another harsh reality: More and more Israelis are working, and staying poor regardless."
Infrastructure.
Israel has 42 designated highways, and an advanced road network which spans over 17,870 kilometers, including over 230 kilometers of highway. Israel Railways is Israel's government-owned railway network, which is responsible for all inter city and suburban passenger railways, and for all freight rail traffic in the country. The network is centered in Israel's densely populated coastal plain, and runs through the entire country. There are also six cable car systems, and 47 airports in Israel, as well as seven seaports. Israel also has 176 kilometers of gas pipelines and 261 kilometers of pipelines for refined products. Buses are the country's main form of public transport, and the country has a popular share taxi service. Jerusalem currently has the country's only tram system - the Jerusalem Light Rail, while a second system, the Tel Aviv Light Rail is currently under construction. Haifa has the country's only subway system - the Carmelit.
Israel has tapped conventional water resources, but relies heavily on reclaimed water treated in the 120 wastewater treatment plants across the country, and desalinated seawater. 57% of water in Israel is for agriculture, 36% for domestic and public use, and 7% for industrial use. Average domestic water consumption in Israel is 250 liters per person per day, which is higher than in most of Europe, but lower than the United States. According to the Ministry of Environment, 97.9% of all tests of water complied with drinking water standards. Israel also has a modern sanitation system, particularly in major Jewish cities and towns. An estimated 500,000 homes in Israel are not linked to a sewage system, the vast majority of them Arab homes, where waste is expelled into cesspits or the environment.
Urban Life.
Israel is a highly urbanized nation, with 92 percent of its population living in urban areas. To be granted city status, a municipality must have a population of at least 20,000. There are currently 78 cities in Israel, and 14 of them have populations over 100,000. Other urban municipalities are towns. Towns in Israel are given local council status if they have a population over 2,000.
In urban areas, most residential areas are separated from industrial and commercial zones, and there are also numerous, well-tended parks and playgrounds within the city or town limits.
Rural Life.
Israelis who live in rural areas primarily live on kibbutzim or moshavim. A kibbutz is a collective communities, where the residents work for the benefit of the community. Although many kibbutzim have been privatized, residents typically live communally. Kibbutzim are for the most part self-sufficient, and have their own schools. Most kibbutzim are agricultural, though some have switched to industry.
A moshav is also a collective community, but the land is divided among the residents, who each receive an equal amount, and must grow their own produce. The community is supported by a collective tax, which is equal for all the residents, thus leaving good farmers better off than bad ones.
A moshava is another type of rural agricultural community in Israel, but unlike kibbutzim or moshavim, all the land is privately owned. A moshav shitufi is another type of cooperative village in Israel, where all production and services are handled collectively, while consumption decisions remain the responsibilities of individual households.
Communal settlements are rural or exurban towns where the entire population is organized in a cooperative, and can veto the sale of any home or property to an undesirable buyer, typically work outside the town, and must pay only a small property tax to sustain the town and its public facilities. Most homes are single-family homes, although some have apartments. Due to the rigorous selection process when selling property, most residents of a communal settlement share a single shared ideology, religious perspective, desired lifestyle, and some will only accept young couples with children. Other Israelis who live in rural areas live in homes and small communities founded by the Jewish National Fund and located in the Negev.
Lifestyle.
According to the CBS, 71% of Israelis have a computer at home, and 91% surf the Internet. Statistics also show that that an average Israeli family has 2.1 cell phones.
Some 86.2% of working Israelis are salaried employees, 12.7% are independent, and 1.1% are defined as others. Some 8.5% of Israeli teenagers between the ages of 15 and 18 work. The average Israeli man works 45.2 hours a week, while the average woman works 35.5 hours.
A large number of Israelis also own private cars, though most Israelis still rely on the country's extensive public transportation network. There are about 316 motor vehicles for every 1,000 people in Israel.
Israel enjoys a booming Film Industry. Israeli Television, Internet services, and Israeli Radio provide entertainment, news, and education.
Average Israeli citizens can afford to take vacations abroad. It is also customary for Israeli youths to go on backpacking trips abroad in groups after completing their military service. However, travel options for Israelis are limited compared to citizens of other Western nations, as Israeli passports are widely banned throughout the Arab and Muslim world.

</doc>
<doc id="18913274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913274" title="Ramal de Viseu">
Ramal de Viseu

Linha do Vale do Vouga - Ramal de Viseu was a narrow gauge railway in Portugal; the line closed in 1990. This 79 km long metre gauge branch line formerly connected Viseu with the main part of the Vouga line at Sernada do Vouga. Viseu station was also used by trains on the Dão line, now also closed.
The line was worked by diesel traction between the mid 1970s and closure in 1990. Previously all trains had been steam hauled, with considerable risk of trackside fires in hot weather.

</doc>
<doc id="18913278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913278" title="Zamboanga del Sur – Pagadian F.A.">
Zamboanga del Sur – Pagadian F.A.

The Zamboanga del Sur - Pagadian Football Association is a Filipino football club based in Pagadian in Zamboanga del Sur. It works under the Philippine Football Federation as a provincial football association for the Zamboanga del Sur province area. The Zamboanga del Sur - Pagadian FA sends a team to represent the region in the yearly PFF National Men's Club Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18913283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913283" title="Jonathan Glanfield">
Jonathan Glanfield

Jonathan "Joe" James Glanfield (b. 6 August 1979, London Borough of Sutton) is a sailing competitor from Great Britain. He won a silver medal at both the 2004 Athens and 2008 Beijing Olympics with Nick Rogers in the 470 class. He also came 4th in the 2000 Olympics.
Jonathan previously attended Exmouth Community College.

</doc>
<doc id="18913292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913292" title="Background of the Russo-Georgian war">
Background of the Russo-Georgian war

This article describes the background of the 2008 South Ossetia war.
Participants.
South Ossetia.
The Ossetians are an Indo-European ethnic group descended from the Alans, one of the Sarmatian tribes, and speaking the Ossetian language which is an Iranian language similar to the Pathan language spoken in Afghanistan. The timing of the Ossetian arrival in the Caucasus is debated. One prominent theory holds that the Ossetians settled the area intermittently during the 1st millennium, AD, while other historians contend that they settled there during the 13th and 14th Centuries AD after being driving there by Mongol invaders.
Historically, Ossetians and Georgians have lived together more or less peaceably and often intermarrying. Furthermore, Ossetians were well assimilated with the Georgians. Within South Ossetia, Georgian and Ossetian towns were mixed; roughly one half of the families were of mixed nationalities. Many Ossetians are fluent in the Georgian language, and speak it better than other minorities living in Georgia.
South Ossetian interests.
The Ossetians first came into contact with Tsarist Russia because of their proximity to the main southerly route through the Caucasus. Geography and religion have since given the Ossetians a pro-Russian orientation (the Ossetians were the recipients of the fertile Prigorodny region when their Muslim neighbors, the Ingush, were expelled from the region by Stalin in 1944). Whereas the Ossetians had positive relations with the Russians, their interactions with the Georgians were not so benevolent. Ossetians were angered by the Georgianization of their schools, including the transformation of their own alphabet into the Georgian script and the instruction of their children in the Georgian language. Moreover, the Ossetians lacked strong personal ties with the Georgian governance and, fearing independent Georgian rule, expressed a strong preference for the continuation of the Soviet Union. In fact, in a vote held on January 22, 1992, 99% of the voters of South Ossetia (the Georgian minority abstaining) demanded to join the Russian Federation.
Abkhazia.
The Abkhaz are an ethnic group related to the Circassian groups of the North Caucasus. After the Russian Revolution of 1917, Abkhazia shifted between Bolshevik and Menshevik control before finally being conquered by the Bolshevik-controlled Red Army in 1921. In 1922, the Bolsheviks agreed to designate Abkhazia a treaty republic within the Transcaucasus Federation, granting the region considerable autonomy. However, in 1931, Abkhazia was downgraded to the status an autonomous republic within Georgia. It was during this decade that a severe policy of Georgianization, apparently at Stalin's whim, was enacted. Political posts were given to Georgians, and mass immigrations of non-Abkhaz peoples ensued, diluting the Abkhaz community to a meager 18% of Abkhazia's overall population by 1939.
Fortunately for the Abkhaz people, their region's comparative wealth enabled them to extract considerable concessions from the Soviet governance. Although the Soviets repeatedly refused to grant Abkhazia separation from Georgia, they did give the Abkhaz increased autonomy and economic credits to improve their infrastructure. During the 1970s the Abkhaz gained increasing control of Abkhazia's administration, the control of ethnic Georgians likewise decreasing, and by the 1980s the Abkhaz filled 67% of the government's minister positions and 71% of the Oblast committee department head positions. Considering that the Abkhaz minority within Abkhazia had by 1989 fallen to just 17.9%, this would indicate that the Abkhaz held a disproportionate share of the high-level administration.
Growing prominence of the Abkhaz people angered Georgians living in Abkhazia who claimed they were being denied privileges. This rift precipitated the so-called "ethnic battles" of the 1970s and 80s which, although fought between different ethnic groups, were largely economic in nature. The Abkhaz viewed the Georgians as would-be defectors from the Soviet Union, whereas the Georgians criticized for supporting the Soviet Union. The other ethnic groups living in Abkhazia tended to prefer maintaining the status quo, and thereby the Soviet Union, and thus tacitly supported the Abkhaz factions.
Georgia.
Georgia accuses Russia of the annexation of its internationally recognized territory and installing a puppet government led by Eduard Kokoity and several officials who previously served in the Russian FSB and Army. Sporadic clashes between separatist and Georgian forces have killed dozens of people in the previous few years.
Restoring South Ossetia and Abkhazia (a region with a similar separatist movement) to Georgian control has been a goal of Georgian president Mikheil Saakashvili since the Rose Revolution. Saakashvili proposed a new peace accord, under which South Ossetia would be given "a large degree of autonomy" within a federal state, but leaders of those areas are instead demanding full independence. Another point of interest for Georgia is the strategic position of South Ossetia along the border with Russia, as the Roki Tunnel, which passes through the Greater Caucasus Mountains, is one of few road routes between Georgia and Russia and would be a critical component in any plan to control the border.
According to the 2007 report of Stockholm International Peace Research Institute Georgia had the highest average growth rate of military spending in the world. Military expenditures accounted for 5.6-6 per cent of GDP in the last two years. South Ossetian leadership expressed its concerns with Georgia's military build-up however Tbilisi claimed that it was not aimed at the breakaway states of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. MP Givi Targamadze attributed this to the country's desire to join NATO. According to the 2008 budget of Georgia defence funding accounted for slightly over 19% of all state spending, with a further significant increase approved in an extraordinary parliament session on July 15.
In July 2008, Georgian Armed forces jointly with USA conducted a military exercise Immediate Response 2008.
NATO aspirations.
In 1994, Georgia joined the Partnership for Peace, a NATO program aimed at fostering ties between NATO members and the other states of Europe and the former Soviet Union. In November 2002, Georgia declared before the NATO Summit in Prague that it intended to secure membership in NATO and as part of this promise sought an Individual Partnership Action Plan (IPAP). After Georgia's Rose Revolution in 2003, the Tbilisi government placed integration with the West, especially NATO and the European Union, as top priority.
Georgia seeks membership in NATO for reasons of both security and its own development as a state. Georgia's Deputy Defense Minister Levan Nikoleishvili stated in an interview in 2006, "we look to NATO as a club and as an organization, which will not only be a guarantee for security but will also be a guarantee for development for us." However, to join NATO, Georgia was required to update its military to the organization's standards. To perform such reforms, it was necessary that Georgia increase its military spending to 2% of its GDP.
Russia.
Historically, Russia has long been involved in the South Caucasus. It considers the region to be an area of vital importance to its national interests and foreign policy.
Protection of Russian citizens.
The majority of the residents of South Ossetia are Russian citizens holding Russian passports. According to the BBC, "more than half of South Ossetia's 70,000 citizens are said to have taken up Moscow's offer of a Russian passport," while a journalist of Deutsche Welle says that "almost all residents have Russian passports." Russian President Medvedev asserts that 90% of South Ossetia residents possess them. Medvedev cited article 80 of the Constitution of the Russian Federation, saying, "According to the Constitution, I must protect the life and dignity of Russian citizens wherever they are."
Since the 1991–1992 South Ossetia War, Russian, Georgian, North Ossetian and South Ossetian soldiers have been stationed in and around South Ossetia as peacekeepers under the terms of a 1992 agreement and were monitored by the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe mission in Georgia. The Russian defense ministry said 12 of its peacekeeping troops in South Ossetia had been killed and 30 wounded in the initial Georgian offensive. Russia describes its intervention as a peacekeeping operation to protect its citizens and peacekeepers, and to enforce their peacekeeping mandate in South Ossetia. Dmitry Medvedev said that it aims to force Georgia to accept peace and restore the status quo, and that it is acting within its peacekeeping mission in South Ossetia, and in line with the mandate issued by the international community. The Russian defense ministry said reinforcements for Russian peacekeepers had been sent to South Ossetia "to help end bloodshed."
Reuters describes the South Ossetian separatist government as "dependent on Russia," which "supplies two thirds of their annual budget," and reports that "Russia's state-controlled gas giant Gazprom is building new gas pipelines and infrastructure" worth hundreds of millions of dollars there.
Military presence in the Caucasus.
According the UK "The Daily Telegraph", in 2007 Russian President Vladimir Putin announced plans for a $200 billion arms program over the next seven years for the financing of new, modern weapons and ordered military chiefs to 'strengthen the battle-readiness of the army and navy'. Russia's defence budget rose 22% in 2007.
Concurrently with the Georgia/USA military exercise Immediate Response 2008 the Russian forces conducted their own exercise, Caucasus Frontier 2008, where they practiced rapid response to the terrorist incursions through the Russian southern border as well as practiced assistance to the peacekeeping mission in South Ossetia. Both sides claimed that the exercises were unrelated to each other. Later Dale Herspring described the Russian exercise as "exactly what they executed in Georgia just a few weeks later... a complete dress rehearsal."
Economic interests.
In an air-strike on August 10, 2008, Russia seemingly attempted to disable the British Petroleum-owned Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan pipeline, which transports one million barrels of oil (or 1% of the world's oil needs) daily, from Azerbaijan to the Mediterranean. Although the strikes (of which local police recorded 51) failed to disable the pipeline, the event lends credence to the belief that Russia has a vested interest in preventing Western companies from becoming involved in the transport of oil to Europe. As Stephen Blank, professor at the Strategic Studies Institute of the U.S. Army War College, contends, Russia sought to deter Western investment in the BTC pipeline. Blank also notes that "Russia retains the capability to threaten the pipeline again." Russia, which has used oil as a tool of foreign policy (see:Russia-Ukraine gas disputes) is weakened politically by the BP pipeline.
Russian woes about potential NATO expansion into Georgia.
In June 2008, Russian President Dmitry Medvedev warned Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili that the conflict between their two respective states would be deepened if Georgia were to join NATO. Russian fears of NATO expansion into the Caucasus had been growing over the years; in 2006, the Russian Foreign Ministry stated that the "possible accession of Georgia to an unreformed NATO would seriously affect Russian interests," especially its political, military, and economic interests, and "would have a negative impact on the fragile situation in the Caucasus". Russia's concerns over NATO expansion derive, in part, from the belief held by most Russians that NATO is primarily a "military" alliance. According to official Russian military doctrine, the presence of foreign forces near Russia's territory, including in the former Soviet space, constitutes a threat.
As Moscow-based military analyst Pavel Felgenhauer contends, countries such as Poland, the Baltic states, and Georgia all seek to join NATO "to have a guarantee against the Russians." As Felgenhauer notes, "that makes NATO and Russia basically enemies. In a sense they are on a collision course. So a real partnership is hardly possible and any expansion of NATO is seen, in Russia, in Moscow, as a threat to our interests."
Other significant actors.
Other actors, although not directly involved in hostilities, played a part in shaping the events leading to the August 2008 war.
NATO.
NATO members have in the past disagreed whether to enlarge the alliance further eastwards to include Georgia. To build up a case, Georgia conducted in 2008 a Georgian NATO membership referendum, 2008. It was a non-binding, advisory referendum on whether to join NATO and was held in Georgia on January 5, 2008, at the request of the Georgian President, together with an early presidential election and legislative election date referendum. This was announced in a surprise move on November 26, 2007, shortly before Mikheil Saakashvili resigned as President of Georgia for the early presidential elections. The only question of the referendum asked: "Do you want Georgia to become a member of NATO?" According to the official results of Georgia's Central Election Commission, 77% of voters were in favor, and 23% voted against it.
However, at the 2008 Bucharest summit, to the great disappointment of Georgia, the alliance did not offer a Membership Action Plan (MAP) to Georgia or Ukraine, largely due to the opposition of Germany, France and other European NATO-members who pointed out that Georgia's territorial integrity was de facto not enforced (namely in Abkhazia and South-Ossetia). However, NATO pledged to review the decision in December 2008. Even though Georgia was not offered a MAP, it welcomed the decision and said "The decision to accept that we are going forward to an adhesion to NATO was taken and we consider this is a historic success". Russian President Putin was also pleased about the alliance deciding not to invite Georgia and Ukraine to the Membership Action Plan at least for the time being.
When Georgia started the 2008 South Ossetia war, it seems to have provided ammunition both to the Franco-German argument, that Georgia solve its minority problems in the two provinces "peacefully and prior" to any NATO application, and, to the US arguments in favour of a speedy accession of Georgia. It complicates NATO's relation with Russia, which has peacekeeping troops in both regions, which are internationally recognized as Georgian territory, but which seem to have no intention to be integrated into Georgia proper. The South Ossetia War has further diminished the likelihood of Georgian accession to NATO in the near future.
However, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said during the meeting with Russian president that the promise made to Georgia in Bucharest is still standing. However, she did not indicate a time frame, nor did she take back the earlier insistence of Germany and France, that Georgia must resolve its internal problems prior to any NATO membership The USA and Europe (EU) support the territorial integrity of Georgia, while Russia supports self-determination of the two provinces. The fragile nature of both positions is highlighted by NATO and Russian policies on Serbia, which also faces rebel province Kosovo with different ethnic composition. NATO supports self-determination for Kosovo and Russia insists on Serbia's territorial integrity.
United States.
U.S./Israeli interests in Iran.
Russian officials have on multiple occasions accused the United States and Israel of having invested interests in the region related to Iran. Russian envoy to NATO Dmitry Rogozin says the United States could have plans to use Georgian airfields to launch air strikes against Iranian nuclear facilities. Rogozin said that Russian intelligence had obtained information indicating that Washington had plans to use the Georgian military infrastructure for a war on Iran, stating that the US had already started "active military preparations on Georgia's territory" for such a strike and that the "reason why Washington values Saakashvili's regime so highly" is that he has given permission to the US to use its airfields. The Russian envoy's remarks follow a UPI report that "a secret agreement between Georgia and Israel had earmarked two military airfields in the south of Georgia for use by Israeli fighter-bombers in a potential pre-emptive strike against Iran."
WikiLeaks controversy.
In December 2010, "The New York Times" reported, in light of the WikiLeaks cable releases, how the United States had relied heavily on Tbilisi's own accounts of the events leading up to the August 2008 war. This casts some doubt on the Bush administration which largely ignored cable from Moscow while those from Tbilisi were accepted "largely unchallenged."
History.
Soviet dissolution leads to conflict.
During the collapse of the USSR, Georgia’s first post-Soviet leader, Zviad Gamsakhurdia, was emerging. A longtime anti-Soviet dissident, he based his campaign for the presidency on an emerging Georgian nationalism, using the platform "Georgia for the Georgians". He projected ethnic Georgians, who made up 70% of the population, as the country’s true masters, and he derided South Ossetians as newcomers, saying they had arrived only 600 years ago and as "tools" of the Soviet Union.
Events in South Ossetia.
Amidst rising ethnic tensions, war broke out when Georgian forces entered the capital of South Ossetia, Tskhinvali. The city was shelled almost nightly from the Georgian-held highlands, and more than 2,000 people are believed to have been killed. The war resulted in South Ossetia, which has a Georgian ethnic minority of around one fifth of the total population (70,000), breaking away from Georgia and gaining de facto independence. After a cease-fire in 1992, Tskhinvali was isolated from the Georgian territory around it. Russian, Georgian and South Ossetian peacekeepers were stationed in South Ossetia under Joint Control Commission for Georgian-Ossetian Conflict Resolution (JCC) mandate and monitoring. The 1992 ceasefire also defined both a zone of conflict around the South Ossetian capital of Tskhinvali and a security corridor along the border of South Ossetian territories.
Events in Abkhazia.
Like the South Ossetians, the Abkhaz strongly favored the continuation of the Soviet Union and distrusted the Georgian leadership; 99% of the Abkhaz voting in the referendum voted in favor of maintaining the Soviet Union. Growing tensions between the Abkhaz and the Georgians led to a mass Abkhaz rally in March 1989. Gamsakhurdia's pro-Georgian movement responded with counter-demonstrations of its own, as the region splintered over ethnic ties. On August 25, 1990, the Abkhaz Supreme Soviet declared itself a union republic within the Soviet Union, a move which Tbilisi immediately rejected.
In August 1992, just days after the signing of the Sochi Agreement, war broke out when the Georgian national guard invaded Abkhazia's capital, Sukhumi, seizing government buildings, dissolving the Abkhaz parliament, and looting the city. Eduard Shevardnadze, Georgia's president, was reluctant to condemn the national guard's commander, Tengiz Kitovani, who allegedly led the invasion into Sukhumi unauthorized. The Georgian national guard, however, was less than prepared to fight, and so the war lasted for over a year until Russia negotiated a ceasefire in July 1993 by amendment of the Sochi Agreement. However, the ceasefire was broken in September of that year as the Abkhaz stormed and overwhelmed Sukhumi and drove the ethnic Georgians out of Abkhazia, finally ending the war. One month later, a CIS peacekeeping force composed entirely of Russians was sent to Abkhazia to maintain the status quo.
Frozen conflicts.
Since the early 1990s, both the Georgian-Ossetian and the Georgian-Abkhaz conflicts have remained in a frozen state. With the exception of occasional hostilities, both regions have remained largely free of conflict although neither dispute was actually resolved.
One such notable incidence of hostilities occurred in 2004, when Georgian police clamped down on illegal, duty-free trading of goods between Russia and South Ossetia, which had been a boon to South Ossetia’s poor economy. In the following weeks, the Russian Duma passed a resolution supporting South Ossetia’s secessionist claims.
In 2006 Tbilisi issued a resolution demanding the removal of all Russian peacekeeping troops from the Abkhazia. However, the Russians remained firmly in place.
Kosovo.
There are also analysts citing Kosovo's unilateral declaration of independence as a reason for the Russo-Georgian imbroglio. There were suggestions that South Ossetia and Abkhazia, should they decide to stay as autonomous regions inside Georgia, an international mechanism to oversee negotiations for a referendum should be established. If, on the other hand, they wish to separate they too should be granted that wish and helped to achieve independence. Pope Benedict XVI's words were invoked where he said the strongest pillar in international relations must be reciprocity. In the same vein, using the Kosovo model, this could be achieved elsewhere.
According to the Austin, Texas based intelligence company Strategic Forecasting, the decision by Europe and the United States to back Kosovo’s separation from Serbia was important to Russia's decision to move into South Ossetia. According to Stratfor the principle of Europe since World War II was that, to prevent conflict, national borders should not be changed; however, this was violated in the case of Kosovo, thus setting a precedent for other demands, by various regions, for independence. The Russians publicly and privately asked that Kosovo not be given formal independence, but to continue its informal autonomy. Russia’s requests were, consequently, ignored.
A UN Security Council diplomat also said: "Strategically, the Russians have been sending signals that they really wanted to flex their muscles, and they’re upset about Kosovo." "The New York Times" continued this in saying, "the decision by the United States and Europe to recognize Kosovo may well have paved the way for Russia’s lightning-fast decision to send troops to back the separatists in South Ossetia." NYT also cited a meeting in Brussels this year where Sergey Lavrov, the Russian foreign minister had warned Condoleezza Rice and European diplomats that if they recognized Kosovo they would be setting a precedent for South Ossetia and other breakaway provinces.
The Canadian "National Post" also saw similarities with Kosovo. They called this Ossetian crisis similar "except in a more dangerous setting." Accordingly, the role the late Slobodan Milosevic played is taken over by Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili in this conflict, while Vladimir Putin is playing the role of former British prime minister Tony Blair and former U.S. President Bill Clinton. Further, the global community recognizes South Ossetia as being part of Georgia, just as Kosovo was seen as part of Serbia. The Ossetian majority in South Ossetia wants to secede from Georgia to become independent, or join North Ossetia, just as a majority in Kosovo wanted to break away from Serbia to become independent or to join Muslim Albania.
In March 2008 "Time magazine" also predicted that "by splitting... the wider international community, the U.S.-backed declaration of independence by Kosovo has given Russia an opening. Countries concerned with separatist problems of their own... have been unable to follow the U.S. lead in recognizing Kosovo's breakaway from Serbia. And Russia has sought to exploit the gaps that have emerged as a result." They went on to say "Russia... tacitly supported breakaway provinces...Moscow has also granted Russian citizenship to some 90% of the Abkhazian and South Ossetian populations, giving it grounds to intervene whenever Russia deems it expedient, on the basis of ensuring the security of its citizens."

</doc>
<doc id="18913302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913302" title="Marke">
Marke

Marke is the name of a number of places.

</doc>
<doc id="18913309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913309" title="Olszynka (disambiguation)">
Olszynka (disambiguation)

Olszynka is a district of Gdańsk, Poland.
Olszynka may also refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18913329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913329" title="Ancient Diocese of Viborg">
Ancient Diocese of Viborg

The former Roman Catholic diocese of Viborg, in Denmark existed from 1065 to the Protestant Reformation. It was created from the Diocese of Ribe.
History.
Ir comprised the Viborg County, the town of Aalborg, and the hundreds of Fleskum, Hornum, Hellum, Hindsted, Aars, Gislum, and Slet in the Aalborg County. The hundreds of Gjerlev, Onsild, Nörhald, and Stövring in the Randers County also belonged to the Diocese of Viborg until 1396 when they were transferred to the Diocese of Aarhus. 
The diocese was founded in 1065 after the death of Bishop Vale. It was originally a suffragan of the archdiocese of Hamburg-Bremen until 1104, when the Diocese of Lund was elevated to an archdiocese and became its metropolitan. Herbert was first Bishop of Viborg (1065-1100?). In 1080 St. Canute endowed the bishopric and chapter. The latter consisted of Canons Regular of St. Augustine. Bishop Svend I (1106–1112) was drowned in the Elbe by the Count of Stade, and Eskild (1112–33), who began rebuilding the cathedral about 1130, was murdered during Matins in the Church of St. Margaret by command of King Eric Emun. Svend II (1135–51) was succeeded as provost of the chapter by Willo, and he by St. Kjeld or Ketil (d. 27 September 1150). 
Bishop Niels I (1153–91) was very generous towards his chapter. He founded the hospital of St. Michael, Viborg, in 1159, and the Cistercian nunnery of Asmild in 1169, and finished the original Romanesque cathedral, of which only the crypt now remains. It is also largely due to him that St. Kjeld was beatified, and his body translated to the shrine, suspended from the vaulting of his chapel on 11 July 1189.
Bishop Gunner was one of the greatest men of his time. He was born in 1152 and educated at the University of Paris, where he acquired a great knowledge of law. In 1208 he entered the Cistercian Abbey of Öm (Cara Insula), of which he was chosen abbot in 1216. In 1222 he was elected Bishop of Viborg by the chapter on the advice of Cardinal Gregory of Crescentia. As bishop he devoted special care to the training of the clergy. He probably wrote out the Law of Jutland ("Jydske Lov") and composed the original preface to it, and was present when it was published at Vordingborg in 1241. He died at Asmild, 25 August 1251, and was buried in front of the shrine of St. Kjeld. 
Thorleif Olafssön (1438–50) was translated to the Diocese of Bergen, and was succeeded at Viborg by Canute Mikkelsen (1451–78), dean of the Church of Our Lady at Copenhagen, and rector of the University of Erfurt in 1434. A diplomatist and jurist, he was author of the Latin notes appended to the first two editions of the Law of Jutland and of a popular treatise on the plague. The last Catholic bishop was Jörgen Friis (1521–36). He was a worldly- minded man and quite unable to cope with the movement to which the preaching of Hans Tausen at Viborg (1525) gave rise. In 1530 Viborg Cathedral was in the possession of the Protestants. Friis retired to Hald Castle, where he was imprisoned in his own dungeon in 1536. Two years later he was released on promising to submit to the new order of things. In 1540 he was endowed with the lands of the Abbey of Vrejlev and some of the property of the see, and though he never married, he led the life of a lay nobleman until his death in 1547.
Though the Danish Reformation began at Viborg, certain Catholic usages were kept up in its cathedral longer than anywhere else in Denmark. The shrines of St. Kjeld and St. Willehad were removed to the choir of the cathedral in 1538, but Lutheran ministers continued to recite daily the Office of the Dead for the soul of King Eric Glipping (d. 1286) from 1560 to 1630. The Protestant Bishop Hans Wandal shortened and Protestantized the service and entrusted its performance to the senior curate of the cathedral and twelve of the school boys. These all benefited by the endowment, and continued the service until 1684. 
Of the twelfth-century cathedral nothing remains but the crypt. The upper church built in 1876 contains frescoes by Joachim Skovgaard begun in 1895 and a seven-branched candlestick from 1494. The abbey church of Grinderslev, the Church of St. Botolph, at Aalborg, and numerous village churches are memorials of the Catholic past. At Karup there was a pilgrimage to Our Lady's Well. The chapter of the Cathedral of St. Mary and St. Kjeld was secularized in 1440, after which it consisted of a dean, an archdeacon, a precentor, and twelve secular canons. There were also at Viborg the Benedictine nunnery of St. Botolph, a Franciscan friary from 1235, and a Dominican friary from 1246, as well as the hospitals of St. Michael and of the Holy Ghost. At Aalborg there were a Benedictine nunnery and a Franciscan friary. The Cistercian Abbey of Vidskild (Vitae Scola) founded in 1158, the Augustinian abbey at Grinderslev founded before 1176, and the Augustinian nunnery of Asmild were all situated in the diocese, as were also the Benedictine (?) nunnery of Sibber, and the hospitals at Tesdrup and Karup.

</doc>
<doc id="18913333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913333" title="1994 Benson and Hedges Open – Singles">
1994 Benson and Hedges Open – Singles

Magnus Gustafsson defeated Patrick McEnroe 6-4, 6-0 to win the 1994 Heineken Open singles competition. Alexander Volkov was the defending champion.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. "NB: There was no 8th seed at this tournament."

</doc>
<doc id="18913335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913335" title="Bionta">
Bionta

Bionta is a defunct taxon created by Lee Barker Walton in 1930, to denominate all the living beings. It was divided up into three subkingdoms; Protistodeae, Metaphytodeae (multicellular plants), and Zoodeae (multicellular animals).

</doc>
<doc id="18913336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913336" title="Stok (disambiguation)">
Stok (disambiguation)

Stok is a village and museum in northern India.
Stok may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18913348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913348" title="Berit Carow">
Berit Carow

Berit Carow (born 1 January 1981 in Berlin, daughter of Klaus Carow) is a German rower. In 2006 she won second place the World Rowing Championships at the Dorney Lake, Eton, Great Britain, and in 2007 the World Rowing Championships in Munich, Germany. She represented her native country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.
Club.
In 2008 Seibt rowed for RG Hansa Hamburg in her hometown Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="18913355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913355" title="Robert B. Pinter">
Robert B. Pinter

Robert Bartholomew Pinter was a biomedical engineer and authority on signal processing in the insect visual system.
Education.
He received a BS in electrical engineering from Marquette University in 1957 and an MS from Northwestern University in 1960. He received his PhD in electrical engineering and biomedical engineering from Northwestern University in 1964, with a thesis entitled "A Study of the Dynamic Properties of the Generator Potential of the Limulus Photoreceptor." His MS and PhD were both under Richard W. Jones.
Career.
Pinter has joined the University of Washington in 1964 and held joint appointments with the Departments of Electrical Engineering and Zoology. He also held appointments as visiting professor of psychology at Dalhousie University,
Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada and visiting fellow of the center for visual sciences, Australian National University, Canberra, Australia.
His research interests were mathematical and electronic models of the visual and nervous system and linear and nonlinear control theory.

</doc>
<doc id="18913378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913378" title="Gaynes Hall">
Gaynes Hall

Gaynes Hall is a Grade II* listed Georgian mansion set in of parkland in the heart of the Cambridgeshire countryside. Located in the village of Perry, Huntingdon the building was requisitioned during the Second World War and was also residence of Sir Oliver Cromwell for 21 years.
Currently it is the base for the Angela Malik School of Food and Wine Ltd; A food and lifestyle company.
History.
Gaynes Hall takes its name from the family of Engaine; the original house was probably built as the hall of their manor of Dillington. In 1238 Viel de Engaine was living there when he had licence to have his private chapel at his manor of Dillington. Only small fragments of the moat remain from the original Engayne dwelling.
Sir Oliver Cromwell of Hinchingbrooke was a tenant of the Gaynes Hall estate for 21 years who then sublet it to his brother Richard Cromwell from 1599.
Gaynes Hall was requisitioned during the Second World War from the Duberley family and used by the Special Operations Executive (SOE). The SOE was set up by Winston Churchill in 1940 to conduct warfare using sophisticated techniques which didn’t involve direct military contact.
Gaynes Hall was given the code name of ‘Station 61’. It was the headquarters of the Air Liaison Officers and the ‘hotel’ at which agents were kept and comforted through the last ordeal of waiting for weather conditions to be right before they were air dropped into occupied Europe. 
Post 1945 Gaynes Hall was used as the administrative office and governor’s house for Gaynes Hall Borstal. The borstal stood on the site of Littlehey Prison. The boys maintained the grounds and gardens of Gaynes Hall until the borstal closed in 1983. The site was surrounded with what were referred to as "Moats." They were literally teeming with Carp but became rat infested and were eventually filled in sometime in the 1970s
In 1985, Gaynes Hall was purchased by AIM Cambridge (later AIM Technology) a technology consulting company. The building was renovated and adapted to the needs of the company. During the renovation, some of the original fittings were stolen and not recovered. Within two years, AIM Technology closed and the building became empty.
Gaynes Hall was sold by the Ministry of Defence to a private company in 1990 and the restoration of the house has been ongoing since 1994.
Access.
House and gardens are now privately owned but also contain the Angela Malik School of Food and Wine.

</doc>
<doc id="18913404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913404" title="Cast net">
Cast net

A cast net, also called a throw net, is a net used for fishing. It is a circular net with small weights distributed around its edge.
The net is cast or thrown by hand in such a manner that it spreads out on the water and sinks. This technique is called net casting or net throwing. Fish are caught as the net is hauled back in. This simple device is particularly effective for catching small bait or forage fish, and has been in use, with various modifications, for thousands of years. On the US Gulf Coast, it is used especially to catch mullet, which will not bite a baited hook.
Construction and technique.
Contemporary cast nets have a radius which ranges from 4 to 12 feet (1.2 to 3.6 metres). Only strong people can lift the larger nets once they are filled with fish. Standard nets for recreational fishing have a four foot hoop. Weights are usually distributed around the edge at about one pound per foot (1.5 kilograms per metre). Attached to the net is a landline, one end of which is held in the hand as the net is thrown. When the net is full, a retrieval clamp, which works like a wringer on a mop, closes the net around the fish. The net is then retrieved by pulling on the landline. The net is lifted into a bucket and the clamp is released, dumping the caught fish into the bucket.
Cast nets work best in water no deeper than their radius. Casting is best done in waters free of obstructions. Reeds cause tangles and branches can rip nets. The net caster stands with one hand holding the landline, and with the net draped over the other arm, so the weights dangle. The line is then thrown out to the water, using both hands, in a circular motion rather as in hammer throwing. The net can be cast from a boat, or from the shore, or by wading.
There are also optional net throwers that can make casting easier. These look like a lid from a trash can, including the handle on top. The outside circumference has a deep gutter. The net is loaded along the gutter and the weights are placed inside the gutter. The net is then tossed into the water using the thrower.
History.
In Norse mythology the sea giantess Rán cast a fishing net to trap lost sailors. In Ancient Rome, in a parody of fishing, a type of gladiator called a retiarius or "net fighter" was armed with a trident and a cast net. The retiarius was traditionally pitted against a secutor.
Between 177 and 180 the Greek author Oppian wrote the "Halieutica", a didactic poem about fishing. He described various means of fishing including the use of nets cast from boats. References to cast nets can also be found in the New Testament.

</doc>
<doc id="18913411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913411" title="Angela Malik">
Angela Malik

Angela Malik, (born 3 December 1971 in Delhi, India, raised in Edinburgh, UK) is a chef and entrepreneur. She runs the Angela Malik Cook Schools, 'New Flavours of the Eastern World' which are based in Gaynes Hall, Cambridgeshire and Acton, London. Angela was a finalist of the search for a British female chef which was run by the T.V show 'The F-Word' on Channel 4. Angela has also won the Daily Mail's 'Best exotic cookery course' for 2007/8.
Education.
To get to the place where she is today, Malik studied at the Leiths School of Food & Wine. She then worked (for work experience) at Bibendum, Vong. That led to the establishment of The Angela Malik School of Food and Wine (with chef Tom Kime). Malik's goal is to imbue her students with the same passion for food as she has. 

</doc>
<doc id="18913424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913424" title="FMS Baroda">
FMS Baroda

M S Patel Institute of Management Studies, known as FMS-Baroda, was established in 1984 in the city of Vadodara. It is run by the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda. The courses are approved by All India Council for Technical Education. The institute is more than 25 years old. During 1995, it increased its intake from 30 to 40 for 2-year full-time (regular) MBA, and in 1997 introduced a 3-Year MBA Evening Programme. The institute is consistently rated among top 5 management institutes run by University in India. The Business School has been consistently rated as 'A' grade by Business India magazine in 2007 and 2008.
Its motto is ""Those who build beneath the stars build too low"". It is based on a poem of famous Urdu poet Muhammad Iqbal, ""Sitaro se age jahan aur bhi hai"." Which means ""the world is beyond the stars"".
History.
Faculty of Management Studies, was established in 1984 in Vadodara. It was started under the aegis of the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda.
Specialization.
The institute offers the specialization in Marketing, Finance, Human Resource Management and Information Systems.
Campus.
Shastrarth: Management Journal.
The institute publishes Shastrarth, a management journal covering articles and views from various facets of management, current business scenario. It is being managed by Management Students Forum (MSF).
Alumni.
The institute has produced various industrialists, managers and academacians in last 25 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18913434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913434" title="Nisti Stêrk">
Nisti Stêrk

Nisti Stêrk (born 29 October 1977) is a Swedish-Kurdish actress and comedian.
Nisti Stêrk has been writing all her life, but does not want to call herself an author. She is first and foremost an actress and a comedian.
Stêrk has created the character Zeyno, a pedantic "laundrywoman", who she has played in Utbildningsradion, in the City Theatre of Stockholm (Stockholms Stadsteater) and in Maximteatern. She has also played in "Elektras systrar", (director Michael Cocke) and in Suzanne Ostens "Kabaret Underordning". She has been written chronicles in Stockholm City and Göteborgs-Posten. In 2006 she wrote the children's book "Ramazan från Diyarbakir i Turkiet".
In September 2008 her book "Så länge Gud vill och rumpan håller!" got published. It is partly a biography and a celebration to dreems that can come true and an encouragement to the reader to not give up their dreems.(Cordia)
In 2009 Nisti Stêrk hosted a talkshow at the new kurdish TV channel TRT6 in Turkey. The Talk show was called Gulfiros and Nisti hosted it together with the Turkish pop star Berdan Mardini.

</doc>
<doc id="18913462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913462" title="William Carter (mayor)">
William Carter (mayor)

Sir William Carter (25 May 1848 – 14 October 1932) was an English insurance executive who was elected Mayor of Windsor, Berkshire, thirteen times.
Carter was born in Marlow, Buckinghamshire, and became a painter and decorator and later a gardener. He then joined the Prudential Assurance Company as a clerk and served successively at their offices in Marlow, Maidenhead and Windsor, becoming superintendent of the Windsor office in 1879 and remaining there until his retirement in 1908.
He was elected to Windsor Town Council in November 1902 and became an Alderman in November 1922. He served as mayor from 1908 to 1928, serving throughout the First World War when there were no elections. For these services he was knighted in the 1920 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="18913467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913467" title="Kuźnica (disambiguation)">
Kuźnica (disambiguation)

Kuźnica is a district of the Polish seaside town of Jastarnia.
Kuźnica may also refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18913477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913477" title="Aloysia wrightii">
Aloysia wrightii

Aloysia wrightii is a species of flowering plant in the verbena family known by the common names Wright's beebrush and oreganillo. It is native to the Sonoran Desert of southwestern United States and northern Mexico, where it can be found in moist desert canyons, scrub, and woodland habitat. This is a thickly branching shrub which reaches nearly two meters in maximum height and is generally rounded in form. It has small, oval-shaped to nearly round leaves each no more than two centimeters long. The leaves have lightly toothed edges and hairy undersides. The inflorescence is a narrow, woolly spike up to 6 centimeters long, with small, widely spaced white flowers. It is a valuable nectar source for native solitary bees. It is also larval and adult food plant for the rustic sphinx moth "(Manduca rustica)". 

</doc>
<doc id="18913486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913486" title="Sidra, Sokółka County">
Sidra, Sokółka County

Sidra is a village in Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sidra. It lies approximately north of Sokółka and north of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 730.
References.
<br>
Gulf of Sidra is on the coast of Liberia..

</doc>
<doc id="18913496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913496" title="WorkSafe Victoria">
WorkSafe Victoria

WorkSafe Victoria is the trading name of the Victorian Workcover Authority, a statutory authority of the state government of Victoria, Australia. 
Also formerly known (from most recently) as WorkCover, VWA, WorkCare and the Department of Labour, all past incarnations since 1985, WorkSafe became the trading name for the workplace health and safety and workers compensation divisions in mid-2008.
The organisation reports to a Minister, Gordon Rich-Phillips, has a Board of Management (Chairperson David Krasnostein), Chief Executive (Denise Cosgrove), Deputy Chief Executive & Executive Director Health and Safety (Ian Forsyth) and Executive Director Rehabilitation and Compensation (Len Boehm). Each has a series of business units which report to them. 
WorkSafe's corporate aims are to take a constructive, accountable, transparent, effective and caring approach to all its operations.
Although it is active in carrying out workplace safety inspections across the state and prosecuting breaches of workplace health, safety and workers compensation laws, a significant focus of WorkSafe's activity includes communication with internal and external stakeholders, media (including publishing details of significant incidents and prosecutions)and the wider community.
WorkSafe runs a number of high profile advertising campaigns, an annual small/medium business road show (May-June) and events such as Work Safe Week (last week of October each year), farming sector field days and conferences where speakers from WorkSafe present information on general and specialist topics.
Workplace health and safety.
WorkSafe employs safety inspectors based at 12 offices in Melbourne (City, Dandenong, Essendon Fields, Mulgrave) and regional Victoria (Ballarat, Bendigo, Geelong, Mildura, Shepparton, Traralgon, Wangaratta and Warrnambool) and conduct targeted visits based on identified high-risk industries and in response to calls where dangers are identifeid. There is also a 24/7 emergency response service.
Workers compensation and return to work.
WorkSafe oversees Victoria's workers compensation system which provides financial as well as health and related support to people who have been hurt in the course of their work. The system is funded by Victorian employers who pay a percentage of their total renumeration which provides the insurance cover. In 2011 with increases to the average premium rates in other jurisdictions, the Victoria premium became Australia's lowest at 1.338%. 
With the Victorian state budget in May 2012, this position was further reinforced for 2012-13 (June to June) with a further reduction to 1.229%. The amount paid by individual employers varies depending on their personal claims performance and that of their industry - i.e. a 'good' performing employer in an industry with many claims may pay rather less than others, while conversely a poorly performing employer will pay more. Around 29,000 people a year make a workers compensation claim (10.58/1000 employees in Victoria in 2010/11).
WorkSafe promotes to employers, injured workers and the people who treat them, the idea of an early and sustainable return to work. This helps keep business and premium costs down and benefits injured workers. Where it is not possible for a worker to return to their old workplace, WorkSafe's support program, WISE, which encourages other employers to step in and take advantage of their skills.
Legislation and regulation.
WorkSafe is regulator of a wide range of Acts of Parliament including the Accident Compensation Act 1985; Accident Compensation (Occupational Health and Safety) Act 1996; 
Accident Compensation (WorkCover Insurance) Act 1993; Workers Compensation Act 1958; 
Occupational Health and Safety Act 1985; Occupational Health and Safety Act 2004;
Dangerous Goods Act 1985; Equipment (Public Safety) Act 1994; Road Transport (Dangerous Goods) Act 1995; Road Transport Reform (Dangerous Goods) Act 1995 (Commonwealth) 
Mines Act 1958.
Regulations set out mandatory requirements under the Acts and are linked to copies held at Victorian Law Today.
Accident Compensation Regulations 2001; Dangerous Goods (Explosives) Regulations 2000; 
Dangerous Goods (HCDG) Regulations 2005; Dangerous Goods (Storage and Handling) Regulations 2000; Dangerous Goods (Transport by Rail) Regulations 1998; Equipment (Public Safety) Regulations 2007; Magistrates' Court (Occupational Health and Safety) Rules 2005; Occupational Health and Safety Regulations 2007; Road Transport (Dangerous Goods) (Licence Fees) Regulations 1998; Road Transport Reform (Dangerous Goods) Regulations 1997.
Occupational Health and Safety Act.
The Occupational Health and Safety Act was enacted in 1985 as a major reform of the Labor government of John Cain II.
The Act was reviewed, by Chris Maxwell QC (Queens Counsel) now a Judge of the Court of Appeal becoming the Occupational Health and Safety Act 2004.
The 'new' Act broadly reflected the requirements of the OHS Act 1985.
The most basic of duties requires employers to provide a safe workplace for employees and people other than employees (Sections 23and 24).
The 2004 Act greatly increased potential fines from a maximum of $250,000 to more than $900,000. The highest fine yet was imposed in August 2008 when the brewer, Fosters was convicted and fined $1.125 million for two breaches of the Act.
A range of alternate penalties have also been introduced and are sought in some cases. These include adverse publicity orders (Section 135), safety improvement projects (Section 136), and enforceable undertakings (Section 137).
The Duties of Directors and company officers (Section 144) have also been included along with new powers to obtain information (Section 9), the creation of ARREOs (Authorised Representatives of Employee Associations)(Sections 87-94), a duty to consult on matters affecting health and safety(Sections 35 and 36) and a significant change which allow for the internal review of inspectors decisions (Sections 127 to 129).

</doc>
<doc id="18913508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913508" title="The Dead Wait">
The Dead Wait

The Dead Wait is a play by Paul Herzberg which tells the tale of a young South African athlete, conscripted as a soldier in the Angolan Civil War, who tries to own up to a crime on arriving back home. Partly autobiographical, it draws on Herzberg's similar experiences prior to his leaving South Africa. It was aired for a spell on BBC Radio.
Although the play stems from and has its roots in the context of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, it does not, unlike its coevals "Ubu and the Truth Commission" and "The Story I Am About To Tell" (with which it was shown at The Laboratory in Johannesburg's Market Theatre), embrace it directly. It is also, unlike the other two, built along traditional theatrical lines.
Audiences were generally and genuinely touched by the play. "A friend was deeply moved by the "Dead Wait"," recalled William Kentridge, "the play about the war in Angola. He had served as a soldier in that war."
The play was staged during Autumn of 2002 under the direction of Jacob Murray, at the Royal Exchange Theatre. The Dead Wait was nominated for Best New Play and production by the Manchester Evening News awards, and in 2002 it won Best Supporting Actor.

</doc>
<doc id="18913525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913525" title="Calor River">
Calor River

Calor is the Latin name of two Italian rivers:

</doc>
<doc id="18913528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913528" title="Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1933–1938">
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1933–1938

This is a list of members of the South Australian House of Assembly from 1933 to 1938, as elected at the 1933 state election:

</doc>
<doc id="18913539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913539" title="Harry Cartmell">
Harry Cartmell

Sir Harry Cartmell (18 March 1857 – 11 May 1923) was an English solicitor who served as Mayor of Preston, Lancashire, from 1913 to 1919, during the whole period of the First World War. He is the author of "For Remembrance", published in 1919, which is a memoir of his experiences in Preston during the war.
Cartmell was born in Manchester and admitted a solicitor in 1893 and was also a justice of the peace for Lancashire and chairman of Preston Education Committee. He was knighted in the 1920 New Year Honours for his services to Preston, especially as mayor throughout the First World War and to education in the borough.

</doc>
<doc id="18913540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913540" title="Pranlal Divecha">
Pranlal Divecha

Pranlal Divecha (dates unknown) played cricket for Tanzania between 1967 and 1972 and also played first-class cricket for East Africa.
Career.
Pranlal Divecha made his debut for Tanzania in a match against India in 1967. He took three wickets in the Indian first innings including those of captain Nawab of Pataudi and Bishan Bedi. The following year he played in an East African Quadrangular tournament in Nairobi, taking 5/113 in the first innings of the match against Zambia.
In 1970 he again played in the East African Quadrangular tournament, this time in Kampala. The tournament was a triangular in 1971 and 1972 when he also played. He played his only first-class match in 1974 when he played for East Africa in a 237 run defeat by the MCC.

</doc>
<doc id="18913541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913541" title="List of Oasis band members">
List of Oasis band members

Oasis were an English rock band that formed in Manchester in 1991. The band originally consisted of vocalist Liam Gallagher, guitarist Paul "Bonehead" Arthurs, bassist Paul "Guigsy" McGuigan and drummer Tony McCarroll; Liam's older brother - guitarist, vocalist and lead songwriter Noel - joined shortly after the band's formation.
The original lineup performed on the band's first album, "Definitely Maybe", and McCarroll was the first to leave during recording for "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?". Alan "Whitey" White was his replacement, and he played on all of the album's tracks except "Some Might Say". Next to leave was McGuigan in September 1995, though only for a small amount of time. He was temporarily and unofficially replaced by Scott McLeod, who played a few tour dates with the band and appeared in the music video for "Wonderwall", before suddenly leaving. Guigsy was subsequently convinced to return to the band near the release of "Morning Glory".
"Be Here Now" was released in August 1997, and as plans for Oasis' fourth studio album took shape, the band began to break down. First to leave was Arthurs, who was quickly followed by McGuigan, leaving only the Gallagher brothers and White to record "Standing on the Shoulder of Giants". Gem Archer and Andy Bell were brought in on guitar and bass respectively, though because they were not hired in time for the album's recording, all guitar and bass parts on "Standing..." were performed by Noel. Their first appearance on an Oasis record was on the live album "Familiar To Millions" in 2000, taken from the "Standing..." tour.
The first studio album to feature new members Archer and Bell, "Heathen Chemistry", was released in 2002. After extensive touring, Oasis planned recording for their sixth album, though Alan White, the longest-serving member of Oasis bar the Gallagher brothers, left the band in 2004. He was temporarily replaced by Terence Kirkbride, but later formally replaced by Zak Starkey, son of ex-Beatles drummer Ringo Starr. Though a full-time member, Starkey was not officially unveiled as a band member for almost four years. "Don't Believe the Truth" was released in May 2005, followed by compilation "Stop the Clocks" in 2006. A non-album single, "Lord Don't Slow Me Down", was released in 2007 in conjunction with the documentary of the same name, and in 2008 recording began for the band's seventh studio album.
Starkey performed drums on most of the tracks on the album (Noel performed the rest), but left the band after the end of the sessions. Chris Sharrock replaced Starkey in May, before "Dig Out Your Soul" was released in October. Noel Gallagher left the band in August 2009, after which the band was according to Liam Gallagher "ended"; all members except Noel went on to form Beady Eye, while the older Gallagher brother embarked on a solo career with Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds.

</doc>
<doc id="18913547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913547" title="Pakistani presidential election, 2008">
Pakistani presidential election, 2008

An indirect presidential election was held on 6 September 2008 in Pakistan. The Electoral College of Pakistan – a joint sitting of the Senate, National Assembly and Provincial Assemblies – elected a new President after the resignation of President Pervez Musharraf. As required by the constitution, Muhammad Mian Soomro (in his position as Chairman of the Senate of Pakistan) automatically became acting President on 18 August 2008, upon the resignation of Musharraf. The constitution required that a new President be elected by Parliament within 30 days; Soomro was considered loyal to Musharraf, and it was considered certain that he would be replaced in that election.
Composition of the Electoral College.
The Electoral College of Pakistan is formed by a joint sitting of the six leading political bodies in Pakistan:
So that each province has an equal vote, all provincial assemblies are given exactly 65 votes in the electoral college. This mean that the each member of the Punjab Assembly has 65/370 = 0.176 votes, each member of the Sindh Assembly has 65/166 = 0.392 votes, each member of the NWFP Assembly has 65/124 = 0.524 votes and each member of the Balochistan Assembly has 65/65 = 1 vote.
The political composition of these bodies at the time of the election was:
Candidates.
Nominations closed on Tuesday 26 August.
Result.
Asif Ali Zardari was elected President of Pakistan, as Chief election commissioner Qazi Mohammad Farooq announced that "Asif Ali Zardari secured 281 votes out of the 426 valid votes polled in the parliament," In Sindh, Zardari had 62 of the 65 electoral votes while his 2 main opponents, got zero vote; in North West Frontier Province Zardari got 56 votes against 5 by Siddiqui and one by Hussain; in Baluchistan, 59 votes while Siddiqui and Hussain got 2 each. BBC reported that Zardari "won 459 votes, far more than the 352 votes that would have guaranteed him victory." New York Times said that Zardari would be sworn in "as soon as Saturday night or as late as Monday or Tuesday, diplomats and officials said."
The new president, who obtains the largest number of votes, will serve for 5 years as Pakistan's 11th since 1956, when the country became a republic, excluding acting presidents. Voting was in progress at the Parliament House, while the Senate members finished casting their votes, amid the death of 12 people, after a suicide car bomber blasted a security checkpoint on the outskirts of Peshawar.
Violaion of rules in NWFP.
A number of MPAs of NWFP assembly including the Chief Minister violated the secret ballot by displaying the stamped ballot papers in the presidential elections. So these votes have to be subtracted from the vote count.
Reaction.
Pakistan Peoples Party activists in Pakistan held rallies and distributed sweets when the results were announced. The main opposition party, PML-N, said it was the "success of the democratic process in the country" but said he should resign as PPP co-chairman, as the President has traditionally been apolitical, and to transfer Presidential powers back to parliament. The newspaper 'Dawn' described Zardari as the most controversial President of Pakistan at the time of his election, and urged him to ""dispel the impression of a political wheeler-dealer and rise to the requirements of statesmanship"". The The Regional Times of Sindh said Zardari had one of the stiffist jobs in the world as leader of the world's only nuclear-armed Islamic country, a frontline war on terror state and facing ""growing militancy"" and ""crippling economic woes"". However, they said his ""years of suffering have made him wiser and headstrong"" and he has ""displayed great acumen and maturity since returning to the political scene"". Privately, the Pakistan military, bureaucracy and business elite were said to be "aghast" at the result given past corruption allegations.
The United States Secretary of State welcomed Zardari's victory, praising his "emphasis on fighting terrorism" and "very strong words of friendship and alliance with the United States".

</doc>
<doc id="18913560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913560" title="William Churchman">
William Churchman

Colonel Sir William Alfred Churchman, 1st Baronet, VD (1863 – 25 November 1947) was an English tobacco manufacturer and public servant.
Churchman was born in Ipswich, Suffolk. He went into partnership with his brother, Arthur, in the family tobacco firm which had been founded by their great-grandfather in 1790. This was renamed W. A. & A. C. Churchman. It was later absorbed by the tobacco combines and Churchman became a director of the Imperial Tobacco Company.
Churchman was a staunch Conservative and was elected Mayor of Ipswich in 1901. In 1911 he became a justice of the peace for Suffolk.
Churchman was commissioned Lieutenant in the 1st Suffolk Rifle Volunteers (later 1st Volunteer Battalion, Suffolk Regiment) in 1885, and promoted Captain in 1890 and Major in 1899. In 1905 he was granted the honorary rank of Lieutenant-Colonel, in 1906 he was promoted substantive Lieutenant-Colonel, and later that year he was granted the honorary rank of Colonel. In 1908 he took command of the 4th Battalion, Suffolk Regiment in the new Territorial Force. He retired in 1912, but returned to command the battalion's recruiting section at the outbreak of the First World War. He was later appointed director of the Nitrate Section of the Ministry of Munitions. For these services he was knighted in the 1920 New Year Honours. He was created a Baronet in 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="18913568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913568" title="SNCF Class Z 23500">
SNCF Class Z 23500

Class Z23500 is a class of railway electric multiple units operated in France. They were built by Alstom and Ateliers du Nord de la France, (which became Bombardier) for SNCF and are used on the TER Network. These sets consist of 2 double deck coaches. They were built from 1997 and a total of 80 units were built. The units were ordered by the following regions: Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, Nord-Pas-de-Calais and Rhône-Alpes. They are mainly used on stopping services around the French Riviera (Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur), Lille (Nord-Pas-de-Calais) and Lyon (Rhône-Alpes).They are all in the TER livery, which is a Blue Front in a diagonal line with a metallic grey side. However the Rhône-Alpes units have green and purple sides with Rhône-Alpes written on the side in Large writing.

</doc>
<doc id="18913597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18913597" title="Joseph Murphy (Irish politician)">
Joseph Murphy (Irish politician)

Joseph Xavier Murphy was an Irish politician and company director. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as an independent Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin County constituency at the September 1927 general election. He lost his seat at the 1932 general election.

</doc>
