<doc id="18888610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888610" title="You Are The Ref">
You Are The Ref

You Are The Ref is a British comic strip featuring a series of awkward football refereeing challenges, which has run in various publications since 1957. Created by sports artist Paul Trevillion, also famous for Roy of the Rovers, the strip features contributions from several top referees, and was collected into an official book in 2006.
Publication history.
The evolution of the strip began in 1952 in the Tottenham Hotspur magazine "The Lillywhite", which featured a cartoon quiz by Paul Trevillion. The quiz included one question per issue on refereeing. Five years later, "The People" newspaper signed Trevillion to produce a dedicated refereeing cartoon quiz, and gave it the title "Hey Ref".
In the 1960s, the strip began appearing in a much larger format alongside Trevillion's work for "Roy of the Rovers" in official "Roy" annuals, under the title "If You Were The Ref". But it was in 1969 that the strip took on its famous name, when it moved to be part of newly launched children's football magazine "Shoot". The strip continued to run until 1983.
In 2006, Trevillion agreed to return to "You Are The Ref", producing new artwork for the strip for the first time in over 20 years, which was published in "The Observer" newspaper. Later that year, a book was published collecting the history of the strip. In 2008, "You Are The Ref" also appeared on the BBC's Euro 2008 blog, and on "The Guardian"'s website. Currently the strip relies on reader submissions for the three questions posed each week. As well as the illustrated questions, each strip includes a portrait of a well-known footballing person.
In June 2010, in advance of the 2010 FIFA World Cup, "You Are The Ref" was released as an iPhone / iPod Touch game developed by game developer Four Door Lemon.
Referees.
When the strip moved to "Shoot" in 1969, leading referee Stan Lover, head of the London referees' association, was taken on to provide the answers to the questions "You Are The Ref" posed each week. In subsequent years, Lover was replaced by Clive Thomas, and then by Keith Hackett who continues to provide the answers in the current strips.
"You Are The Umpire".
A cricketing equivalent, You Are The Umpire, also drawn by Trevellion, has taken "You Are The Ref"'s place in "The Guardian" during football off-seasons since 2007. Umpire John Holder provides the expert answers.

</doc>
<doc id="18888615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888615" title="Parastin">
Parastin

Parastin (Kurdish for "protection") is a government agency and the primary investigative arm belonging to the Kurdistan Regional Government in Iraq. The organization was first established in 1968 by the Kurdistan Democratic Party of Iraq. It has been sometimes referred to as a "Kurdish intelligence service". The primary function of the agency is investigation of crimes relating to both the internal and external security of the Kurdistan region. The agency officially has no power to arrest or detain but shares intelligence with the Kurdistan intelligence agency, Asayish, which holds jurisdiction over a number of crimes in the region including terrorism.
Although founded and funded by the Kurdistan Democratic Party of Iraq, it officially acts under the command of the Kurdistan Regional Government.

</doc>
<doc id="18888630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888630" title="Hans von Gersdorff">
Hans von Gersdorff

Hans von Gersdorff also known as "Schyl-Hans", (* approx. 1455; † 1529 in Straßburg) was an exceptional surgeon of his time. He published in 1517 the "Feldbuch der Wundarzney" (Field book of surgery) illustrated with wood cut works attributed to Hans Wechtlin.

</doc>
<doc id="18888641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888641" title="Máel Bressail mac Ailillo">
Máel Bressail mac Ailillo

Máel Bressail mac Ailello (died 825) was a king of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland. He belonged to a branch of the Dal nAraide known as the Uí Echach Cobo in the west part of county Down. He ruled as King of Ulaid from 819-825.
He was the first member of the Uí Echach Cobo to hold the throne of all Ulaid since Fergus mac Áedáin (died 692) who was his great-great grandfather. Both his father Ailill mac Feidlimid (died 761) and brother Eochu mac Ailillo (died 801) had been Kings of Coba. His exact year of accession to the throne of Coba is unknown though his brother is the last king mentioned in the "Annals of Ulster" prior to him. Both his father and brother had been slain in struggles with the Dal Fiatach over kings of Ulaid.
In 819 Máel Bressail was able to acquire the throne of Ulaid after internal squabbling among the Dal Fiatach. The kinglists such as those in the "Book of Leinster" list him as king but only give him a reign of two years. The "Annals of Ulster" as well do not give him the title King of Ulaid at his death notice. However the death notice of Dal nAraide kings of Ulaid is often biased in the annals in favor of the Dal Fiatach as the "true" Ulaid.
Viking raids were common on Ulster in this period and the monastery of Bangor was attacked twice in 823 and 824.
His son Cernach mac Máele Bressail (died 853) was also a King of Coba.

</doc>
<doc id="18888643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888643" title="Kadett">
Kadett

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18888657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888657" title="Piumhi">
Piumhi

Piumhi is a Brazilian municipality located in the west of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 30,984 people living in a total area of 902 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Oeste de Minas and Alto Paranaíba and to the micro-region of Piumhi. It became a municipality in 1868. 
The name.
The origin of the word "pium-i" is indigenous and it means either "river of many fish" or "water of many flies".
On older maps the city is referred to as Piui and is referred to as such by Citybrazil. The official name given by IBGE and by the city government site is Piumhi. 
Location.
The city center of Piumhi is located at an elevation of 922 meters, just off state highway MG-050. Neighboring municipalities are: Bambuí (N), Doresópolis (NE), São Roque de Minas (S and SE), and Sacramento (W). The great reservoir of Furnas lies a short distance to the south and the National Park of Serra da Canastra, with the source of the São Francisco River, lies 50 km to the west.
Communications and Distances.
Piumhi is connected to Passos, in the southwest, and Formiga, in the east, by state highway MG-050. The nearest railroad station is in Formiga. The distance to Belo Horizonte is 264 km.
Micro-region of Piumhi.
Piumi is also a statistical micro-region including Bambuí, Córrego Danta, Doresópolis, Iguatama, Medeiros, Piumhi, São Roque de Minas, Tapiraí, and Vargem Bonita.
Economic activities.
Services are the most important economic activity. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$327 million, with 32 million reais from taxes, 195 million reais from services, 26 million reais from industry, and 73 million reais from agriculture. There were 1,021 rural producers on 68,000 hectares of land. 317 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 4,800 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main crops are coffee (8,940 hectares in 2006), rice, beans, and corn. There were 42,000 head of cattle (2006), one quarter of which were raised for milk and cheese production. 
There were 4 banks (2007) and 6,106 automobiles (2007), giving a ratio of 5 inhabitants per automobile. 
Working population in 2005
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 13 public health clinics (2005) and 1 hospital with 118 beds. Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Araxá or to Uberaba, which are connected by good roads. Educational needs of 6,500 students were met by 14 primary schools, 5 middle schools, and 12 pre-primary schools. 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$337.00 was above the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="18888734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888734" title="Tjandamurra O'Shane">
Tjandamurra O'Shane

Tjandamurra (Jandamarra) "Janda" O'Shane (born 15 August 1990) is a Murri Indigenous Australian who at age six was the victim of a fire attack whilst playing at a schoolyard in Cairns, Queensland on 10 October 1996. He is the nephew of New South Wales magistrate Pat O'Shane, and Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Commissioner Terry O'Shane. O'Shane's given name comes from the Aboriginal resistance fighter Tjandamurra, and is sometimes transliterated as 'Jandamurra'.
The attack, and O'Shane's struggle to survive, captivated the Australian nation, as millions followed his plight in the Australian media.
The attack.
The perpetrator, Paul Wade Streeton, arrived at the school carrying a 5-litre can of petrol, and never revealed why he chose to attack O'Shane out of the group of children in the playground. Streeton drenched O'Shane in fuel, and set him alight with a cigarette lighter. O'Shane ran through the school yard with his body in flames. Hearing O'Shane's screams, school principal Michael Aitken rushed out of his office and proceeded to smother the flames with his shirt and hands. 
With burns to 70 percent of his body, O'Shane was not expected to live. He required long periods recovering at the Royal Children's Hospital in Brisbane, and years of skin grafts. As most of his sweat glands were destroyed by the fire he can only sweat through his face and hands, making it difficult to play sport.
Aftermath.
He became a national figure in Australia, as the country sympathised and followed his progress. The attack received publicity around the world. 
Streeton was arrested and later convicted for the attack. He was sentenced to life in jail. O'Shane and his mother Jenni Patterson say they have forgiven Streeton. Pat O'Shane described Streeton's sentence as "too harsh".
Support.
In 1996, boxer Lionel Rose presented O'Shane with his World Title belt, hoping to speed the youngster's recovery.
Fundraising activities took place around Australia. The current affairs program "Witness", on the Seven Network, set up an appeal, and was inundated with money, chocolates, teddy bears and toys for O'Shane. The program raised in excess of $120,000, and money kept coming during following years. Australian rock band Midnight Oil played a charity concert in Townsville, Queensland in 1997, to raise money for O'Shane's recovery.
In June 1999, at the age of eight, O'Shane was awarded A$75,000 in criminal compensation in the Supreme Court of Queensland. Some commentators, including New South Wales Attorney-General Jeff Shaw, used the case to highlight inequities in the compensation laws, pointing out other cases where no physical harm was done, but much larger sums of money were issued.
Graham Richardson of the Sydney Organising Committee for the Olympic Games, gave O'Shane a position on the Torch Relay of the 2000 Summer Olympics. As he was three years below the minimum age to carry the flame, O'Shane ran with his mother.
In an interview given to "The Courier Mail" in 2008 to mark his 18th birthday, O'Shane said he was bemused by the enormous amount of national attention he had received in Australia. "Yeah, it's a bit strange," he said. "Sometimes I forget that all of Australia knows what happened. People still want to know how I'm going."
In 2008 O'Shane graduated from Woree State High School after completing Year 12. He and his partner have one son, Raupena.

</doc>
<doc id="18888780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888780" title="Arthur Maling">
Arthur Maling

Arthur Gordon Maling (born 1923) is an American writer of crime and thriller novels.. He graduated from Francis W. Parker School, Chicago in 1940; in 1944 he received a B.A. from Harvard University. In the Second World War Maling was an ensign in the U.S. Navy from 1944 to 1945. From 1945 to 1946 he was a reporter for "The San Diego Journal". After 1946, he worked as an executive manager for Maling Brothers, a retail shoe chain.

</doc>
<doc id="18888794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888794" title="AP Player of the Year">
AP Player of the Year

AP Player of the Year may refer to:
In collegiate sports:
In professional sports:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="18888798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888798" title="Cannons in the Rain">
Cannons in the Rain

Cannons in the Rain is the sixth album by folk musician John Stewart, former member of the Kingston Trio. It is his first album on RCA Records.
Track listing.
All compositions by John Stewart except where noted.
Personnel.
Additional personnel.
Nik Venet - producer

</doc>
<doc id="18888823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888823" title="Dugway Brook Watershed">
Dugway Brook Watershed

The Dugway Brook Watershed is a nine-square mile basin in Cleveland, Ohio and its east side suburbs, which drains storm runoff into Dugway Brook and feeds into Lake Erie. Dugway Brook is one of the five "bluestone brooks" of Cuyahoga County, also including Dean Brook, Euclid Creek, Nine-Mile Creek, and Doan Brook, and their watersheds which feed Lake Erie.
History.
Along with the other bluestone brooks, the east and west branches of Dugway Brook were formed about 14,000 years ago during the last glacial period, near the end of the Wisconsin glaciation, and originated in what is now University Heights, descending and meandering roughly parallel in a northwesterly direction, then passing through Cleveland Heights, East Cleveland, and the City of Cleveland, where the two branches merge at a point just south of what is now Interstate 90. Dugway Brook then cuts northerly through the shoreline suburb of Bratenahl as a single watercourse, and finally discharges into Lake Erie.
Dugway Brook is now an almost entirely enclosed culverted watercourse, running in its natural channel under and alongside streets and city parks built around it. The brook appears to have been culverted over a century ago, partly because of the nuisance of septic contamination to nearby residents. This contamination became a concern of the Ohio State Board of Health, which in 1914 ordered the City of Cleveland to improve the sewer system involved by 1916, before the upstream suburbs experienced dense development. 
Culverting also maximized the development potential of surrounding land. About 94% of the watershed is now developed, with mostly mid-density housing. Approximately 45% of the watershed is in Cleveland Heights, while less than 5% involves Bratenahl, Shaker Heights and South Euclid combined. A portion of Dugway Brook's content is overflow from sanitary sewer lines and illicit discharge.
West branch.
Meadowbrook Boulevard in University Heights and Cleveland Heights follows the winding course of the upper west branch, having been built on top of its culvert at the bottom of the stream valley. The west branch of Dugway Brook passes through Cleveland Heights as an open channel at several points within a mile south of and inside historic Lake View Cemetery, founded in 1869. The cemetery quarried Euclid bluestone, a desirable, dense, finely-grained and easily-cut variety of sandstone, from the part of the brook situated in Cleveland Heights. Bluestone from the cemetery quarry was used to construct buildings in the cemetery, a massive wall on the western (Mayfield Road) side of the cemetery, steps leading to the tops of small hills, and other structures. Quarrymen worked with picks, iron bars, and other hand tools, and used dynamite. Little stone was wasted; at least during part of the twentieth century, a stone crusher, positioned on a basal layer of stone flooring the quarry, was used to crush scraps to be used as foundations for cemetery monuments. The quarry here was active until the mid-1930s.
In 1975, trustees of Lake View Cemetery sued the cities of University Heights and Cleveland Heights to stop their sewer expansions upstream to the south, anticipating worsening of the flooding of the west branch caused by heavy rains. The Cuyahoga County Court of Common Pleas had recently ordered the creation of the Cleveland Regional Sewer District (now the Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District). With the cemetery’s contribution of of its land, the District constructed the massive concrete Lake View Cemetery Flood Control Dam in 1978 at an initial cost of $6,300,000.00, in spite of public criticism that the scope and cost of this solution far exceeded the severity of the problem. At the time of its completion, it was the largest concrete dam located east of the Mississippi River.
East branch.
The east branch of Dugway Brook is visible from Cedar Road in University Heights as a short open channel, before passing under Cain Park, Cumberland Park, and passing under and openly cutting through what is now Forest Hill Park, once the summer estate of John D. Rockefeller. Rockefeller also quarried parts of Dugway Brook for the Euclid bluestone he used to construct some of the small bridges and other structures on Forest Hill. 
Additional reading.
Bluestone Heights blog http://bluestoneheights.org/bsh/ retrieved on August 14, 2013

</doc>
<doc id="18888831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888831" title="Anthony Terras">
Anthony Terras

Anthony Terras (born June 21, 1985 in Marseille) is a French shooter and Olympic athlete who won the bronze medal at the Men's skeet at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18888842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888842" title="Brian Haynes (footballer)">
Brian Haynes (footballer)

Brian Haynes (born 7 May 1962 in Couva, Trinidad and Tobago) is a retired Trinidad soccer midfielder who earned twenty-one caps with the Trinidad and Tobago national football team. He spent his entire professional career in the United States where he played for numerous indoor and outdoor league. He was the 1991 American Indoor Soccer Association Rookie of the Year, won three American Professional Soccer League titles and played five seasons with the Dallas Burn in Major League Soccer.
Club career.
Haynes attended Erskine College, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1986 to 1989. He was a three time NAIA All American. He graduated in 1989. In the fall of 1989, Haynes signed with the Atlanta Attack of the American Indoor Soccer Association where he was the 1990 Rookie of the Year. Haynes remained with the Attack until 1996. In 1990, the league was renamed the National Professional Soccer League. In 1991, Attack team moved to Missouri where it became the Kansas City Attack. That year, Haynes was a first team All Star. In 1990, Haynes began his outdoor career with the Orlando Lions of the American Professional Soccer League (APSL). In 1991, Haynes played for the Maryland Bays of the American Professional Soccer League. In 1992, he moved to the Colorado Foxes. Haynes and his team mates won the 1992 and 1993 APSL championships. In 1995, Haynes began the season with the Foxes, but the Seattle Sounders (1994–2008) purchased him for an undisclosed amount of cash in August 1995. The move to the Sounders gave Haynes his third APSL and fourth overall championship as Seattle won the title. On 6 February 1996, the Dallas Burn selected Haynes in the 4th round (33rd overall) in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. He remained with the Burn through the 2000 season. However, that year, he played only one game. In 1997, he played one game on loan to the New Orleans Riverboat Gamblers. On 27 August 1999, Haynes played two games on loan with the Milwaukee Rampage of the USL A-League while serving a red card suspension with the Burn. He played one more indoor season during his time with the Burn. In 1997, he joined the Wichita Wings of the NPSL.
National team.
Haynes earned twenty-one caps, scoring eight goals, with the Trinidad and Tobago national football team between 1987 and 1996.
Coach.
On 16 March 2001, the Dallas Burn announced they had hired Haynes as an assistant coach. He remained with the Burn until 2007 when he became the head coach of the Real Colorado Cougars of the W-League. He served as the head coach for the Atlanta Silverbacks of the North American Soccer League from 2012 until the end of 2013, losing in the final of the 2013 season, but he was not retained following the season despite being named 2013 NASL Coach of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="18888856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888856" title="Vincent Hancock">
Vincent Hancock

Vincent Hancock (born March 19, 1989) is an American shooter and Olympic athlete who won the gold medal in the men's skeet at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and 2012 Summer Olympics in London. He is the first skeet shooter to repeat as the Olympic champion.
He is a Sergeant in the United States Army and a member of the Army Marksmanship Unit at Fort Benning, Georgia.
In 2005, at age of 16, Hancock won his first World Championship title in men’s skeet and went on to win the prestigious International Shooting Sport Federation’s Shooter of the Year award. Hancock also won World Championships in 2009.
Hancock was born in Port Charlotte, Florida, but now resides in Columbus, Georgia with his wife, Rebekah and their daughters, Bailey and Brenlyn.

</doc>
<doc id="18888857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888857" title="Aram's New Ground">
Aram's New Ground

Aram's New Ground was a first-class cricket ground in Montpelier Gardens, Walworth, Surrey, England. It was the home of Montpelier Cricket Club and was a major venue from 1796 to 1806. It was named after its founder George Aram.
The earliest recorded first-class match at Aram's was in June 1796 when a combined Thursday Club/Montpelier team hosted Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC).
The ground faded from the records as the Napoleonic Wars progressed and was last recorded in June 1806 when Montpelier was defeated by Homerton.

</doc>
<doc id="18888865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888865" title="Darin Gray">
Darin Gray

Darin Gray (born 1967) is an American musician and composer based in Edwardsville, Illinois. He is best known for playing bass in St. Louis' Dazzling Killmen, and with Jim O'Rourke in Brise-Glace and on O'Rourke's solo albums.
A prolific musician since the 1980s, Darin has appeared on albums ranging from noise to math rock. Besides Dazzling Killmen and Brise-Glace, he has played in bands such as Yona-Kit, You Fantastic!, Sad Lewis, Grand Ulena, and On Fillmore. Darin’s collaborators include Jim O'Rourke, Glenn Kotche, Gastr del Sol, Bunnygrunt, Chris Corsano, Loren Mazzacane Connors, Cheer-Accident, Kevin Drumm, Bobby Conn, Early Day Miners, and KK Null among others.

</doc>
<doc id="18888870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888870" title="Archie Smith">
Archie Smith

Archie 'Snapper' Smith (born 16 February 1872) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the years following the formation of the VFL. 
Smith, who played originally with Richmond in the VFA, was Collingwood's main target up forward during his career. He made his debut in the club's inaugural VFL game and went on to top their goal-kicking in each of his first four seasons. His tally of 31 goals in 1898 was enough to win the VFL Leading Goalkicker Medal. Although he wasn't the most prolific forward for Collingwood in 1901, his 30 goals helped his club to reach the Grand Final, where they lost to Essendon.

</doc>
<doc id="18888894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888894" title="Motorail">
Motorail

A Motorail train or accompanied car train (ACT) is a passenger train on which passengers can take their car or automobile along with them on their journey. Passengers are carried in normal passenger carriages or in sleeping carriages on longer journeys, while the cars are loaded into autoracks, car-carriers, or flatcars that normally form part of the same train.
Motorail services are not the same as car shuttle trains or car-carrying train services. The latter usually operate over relatively short distances, on lines passing through a rail tunnel and connecting two places not easily accessible to each other by road. On car shuttle train services, unlike on motorail services, the occupants of the road vehicles being carried on the train usually stay with their vehicle throughout the rail journey. 
Examples of Motorail services.
Australia.
Great Southern Railway provides a Motorail service on their long distance "Indian Pacific", "The Ghan", and "The Overland" services.
Traveltrain in Queensland offer a Motorail service on their "Sunlander" and "Spirit of the Outback" trains.
The Victorian Railways once offered Motorail on their Mildura line "Vinelander", and "Sunraysia" and still does offer Motorail on the GSR Overland service. The railways of New South Wales also once offered a motorail service on their long distance lines.
Austria.
In Austria, several of the regular day and night trains of the Österreichische Bundesbahnen include car-carrier wagons. In English, the service is advertised as "Motorail Trains".
Canada.
A North American predecessor to the original Auto-Train was a service run by the Canadian National Railway (CN) that allowed passengers to bring their automobiles along on selected passenger trains. This service proved unsuccessful.
The Ontario Northland Railway's former Little Bear mixed cargo-freight train had several flatcars that were used to carry vehicles from Cochrane to Moosonee.
Chile.
In Chile, EFE (Empresa de los Ferrocarriles del Estado) operates a service called "Autotren" between Santiago and Temuco.
Czech Republic.
Currently, there are two services per day all-year-round to Košice, Slovakia (EuroCity Košičan daytime and Euronight Slovakia overnight) and an additional daily overnight service between Prague and Poprad-Tatry, Slovakia (fastrain Hornád since 1997, now EuroCity Košičan). There used to be a seasonal service between Prague and Split (fasttrain "Jadran") which took 24 hours, in seasons 2003–2005 weekly, in seasons 2007–2009 daily.
Finland.
In Finland, VR (website) has a popular automobile-carrying service on its night trains between the south and the north; the service transports 35,000 automobiles a year. VR recently bought 15 new auto carriers for €8 million. The service operates with trains originating from both Helsinki and Turku first stopping at Tampere; from there they follow the same line to the next stop in Oulu. Thereafter, the line splits with one line going up to Kolari and another line making stops at Rovaniemi and Kemijärvi. These trains also include sleeper cars allowing passengers to sleep well before driving the next morning.
France.
In France, the SNCF's Auto/train service comprises several overnight automobile-carrying trains throughout France. In the past, all of the Auto/trains also carried sleeping cars. Nowadays passengers travel on a separate train to their automobiles. Typically, passengers drop off their car any time during the day and then use a separate train to reach their destination, where they can pick up the car any time the following day.
This service is available between 13 railway stations: the Gare de Bercy in Paris is the main auto-train terminal. There are also terminals in the stations of Avignon (separate station), Biarritz, Bordeaux, Briançon, Brive, Fréjus-St-Raphaël (separate station), Lyon-Perrache, Marseille-Saint-Charles, Nice, Narbonne (separate station), Toulon, and Toulouse. The automobiles are carried in open railcars.
Other services are offered to the Auto Train service : a jockey to pick your car up at home, complementary insurances, free bus to leave the arrival station (Bercy, Avignon, Fréjus...), free parking...
Since 2012, connections between other cities than Paris have been created, for instance, Bordeaux-Biarritz or Bordeaux-Nice. But to have a reservation for such journey, you'll have to call +333635 and say "Auto Train", because these kind of reservations are made one by one given the wishes of each customer.
Germany.
In Germany, DB AutoZug GmbH has services from sixteen stations to cities in France, Italy, Austria, and Croatia. These are very popular, with 200,000 automobiles transported yearly and half a million passengers. In 2005, DB AutoZug celebrated 75 years of automobile-and-person-carrying trains.
Italy.
In Italy, Trenitalia operates national Motorail services, advertised as “Auto e moto al seguito”. As of 2010, there are 19 terminals:
A single international Motorail service connects Rome and Firenze with the Austrian capital of Vienna.
Japan.
Several overnight "car train" (カートレイン) services were operated by the Japanese National Railways and its successor JR Group between 1985 and 1999. The first such service operated between Shiodome Freight Terminal in Tokyo and Higashi-Kokura Freight Terminal in northern Kyushu. At various times during the 1990s, similar services were operated between Nagoya and Kyushu, between Tokyo and Hokkaido through the Seikan Tunnel, and within Hokkaido.
The freight terminal at Ebisu Station was used as a terminal for car train services prior to its closure for redevelopment as the Ebisu Garden Place complex, at which point such services were moved to Hamamatsucho Station.
There were a number of problems with these services which contributed to their eventual cancellation, including fairly severe size restrictions on the vehicles that could be transported, lack of on-board dining facilities, revenue sharing issues between regional operating companies following the privatization of JR, and competition with both long-distance car ferries and combination air/rental car travel products.
Netherlands.
The AutoSlaapTrein service runs in the summer months from 's-Hertogenbosch (Den Bosch) in the Netherlands to Koper in Slovenia, to Alessandria and Livorno in Italy, and Frejus and Avignon in the South of France.
Poland.
In the early 1980s PKP offered motorail services between the following stations: Szczecin Dąbie, Trzebiatów, Gdynia Główna, Warszawa Główna, Poznań Główny, Katowice, Kraków Główny, and Zakopane. Services ran overnight and passengers were carried in sleeping cars and couchettes.
By the end of the 1990s PKP operated only a single motorail service on overnight trains between Gdynia and Zakopane. The service never gained essential popularity and ultimately was withdrawn in 2004. Among many factors which led to closure of this service, it was criticised for being too cumbersome: while in Zakopane the passengers' cars were available almost immediately, it took nearly two hours to load or unload cars in Gdynia.
Switzerland.
In Switzerland the term Autoverlad is used for the many cases for the transport of motor vehicles by rail through tunnels and other short stretches of track for which there is no suitable road alternative. The vehicles are driven onto and off the train by the driver (as in the Eurotunnel Shuttle) and occupants stay in the vehicles during the short journey. Unlike the Channel Tunnel, the vehicles have open sides and the vehicle occupants are not allowed to get out of the vehicles (except on the Albula and Oberalp services, the trip there lasts more than one hour and passengers travel inside passenger coaches).
United Kingdom.
British Rail operated Motorail services from 1955 serving various destination, but had discontinued them by the time the state-owned body was wound-up in the mid 1990s. Privatised train operator First Great Western went on to revive the service between London and Penzance in 1998, operating it until September 2005.
United States.
Amtrak operates their dedicated Auto Train between Lorton, Virginia (near Washington, D.C.) and Sanford, Florida (near Orlando), a distance of .

</doc>
<doc id="18888927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888927" title="Terras">
Terras

Terras may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18888934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888934" title="Talarican">
Talarican

Talarican (Tarkin) was a Scottish Bishop of Sodor (a diocese including the western islands of Scotland) of the eighth century.
He was probably of purely Pictish origin, though the "Aberdeen Breviary" (1509) says he was born in Ireland. The legend in the "Breviary" states that he was raised to the episcopate by Pope Gregory; and Adam King's "Kalendar" (1558) styles him "bischop and confess. in Scotland under King Solvathius". 
The Bollandists, following the chronology of the Dalriadic kings as adopted by Pinkerton and Skene, place the reign of Selvach from 706 to 726; and, as Gregory II was pope from 715 to 731, conclude that Talarican became bishop about 720, a few years after the Columban monks of Iona had been induced by St. Egbert to conform to the Roman Rite. He is said to have offered the Holy Sacrifice every day, to have been noted for his zeal and his mortified life, and to have converted many pagans in the northern coasts of Scotland through his preaching and example. According to Dempster, he died in the island of Lismore. 
He is considered a Catholic saint, and many churches subsequently founded in the Diocese of Moray, Ross, and Aberdeen were dedicated in his honour. His name is perpetuated in the district of Kiltarlity (Inverness-shire), the church and cemetery of Ceilltarraglan (Skye), and wells still known as "St. Tarkin's" at Fordyce, Kilsyth, and elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="18888935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888935" title="Judgment Day (2009)">
Judgment Day (2009)

Judgment Day (2009), a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), took place on May 17, 2009 at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont, Illinois. It was the eleventh and final show under the Judgment Day name and the tenth show held annually; it featured talent from the Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands. The event's card featured seven matches.
The main event for the show saw Edge successfully defend the World Heavyweight Championship against Jeff Hardy. Two other highly publicized matches also occurred. The first pitted WWE Champion, Randy Orton, against Batista, which saw Orton get disqualified to retain his title. The other match was between Big Show and John Cena.
The undercard for the show had four other singles matches: CM Punk versus Umaga, ECW Champion Christian defending the championship against Jack Swagger, John Morrison versus Shelton Benjamin, and Rey Mysterio defending the WWE Intercontinental Championship against Chris Jericho.
Presented by Columbia Pictures' "Terminator Salvation", the event had 228,000 buys, down from the Judgment Day 2008 figure of 252,000 buys.
Background.
Judgment Day featured professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds, plots, and storylines that played out on "Raw", "Friday Night SmackDown", "ECW on Sci Fi" and "WWE Superstars"—World Wrestling Entertainment's (WWE) television programs. Wrestlers portrayed either a villain or a hero as they followed a series of events that built tension, and culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches. The event featured wrestlers from WWE's Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands—a storyline division in which WWE employees are assigned to the television program of the same name.
The main rivalry heading into Judgment Day from the Raw brand was between Randy Orton and Batista, who were feuding over the WWE Championship. Since January 2009, Orton had been feuding with the McMahon family, attacking Vince, Shane and Stephanie McMahon en route to his match with Triple H for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania XXV, which Triple H won. At Backlash, Orton, along with his protégés, Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase (collectively known as The Legacy), defeated the defending WWE Champion Triple H, Batista and Shane McMahon in a six-man tag team match to win the title. On the April 27 episode of "Raw", Batista defeated The Big Show via countout to earn a WWE Championship match against Orton at Judgment Day.
ECW's primary contribution to Judgment Day was announced on the April 28 episode of "ECW on Sci Fi" by the interim general manager of the show, Tiffany (Taryn Terrell), that the ECW Champion, Christian, would be defending his championship against the previous champion, Jack Swagger, who had chosen to invoke his rematch clause guaranteed to him after losing the title at Backlash.
On the May 1 episode of "SmackDown", a match took place to determine who would face Edge for the World Heavyweight Championship at Judgment Day. Jeff Hardy defeated Kane, Chris Jericho and Rey Mysterio in a fatal four-way elimination match to become the number one contender.
At Backlash, during the World Heavyweight Championship match, The Big Show interfered and threw the former champion, John Cena through a spotlight, resulting in Cena being incapacitated enough to lose the World Heavyweight Championship to Edge, as well as receiving storyline internal injuries. During the match to determine the number one contender for the WWE title on the April 27 episode of "Raw", Cena entered the arena, and distracted Big Show, leading to him losing the match against Batista. The following week on "Raw", The Big Show demanded a match to Cena, only to have the general manager, Vickie Guerrero, set up a match between the two for Judgment Day, when Cena would be medically cleared.
At WrestleMania XXV, CM Punk won the Money in the Bank ladder match, which meant he earned a guaranteed chance to challenge any world champion at any time over the course of the next year. On the May 1 episode of "SmackDown", Punk was about to invoke his championship match against the World Heavyweight Champion, Edge, only to have Umaga interfere, and assault him. The following week, Punk was given another match against Edge, but was again attacked by Umaga. It was announced later that night that Punk would face Umaga at Judgment Day.
Event.
Dark match.
Before the show started, the fans in attendance experienced an untelevised match between Mickie James and Beth Phoenix with her associate in her corner, Rosa Mendes; James won the match by pinning Phoenix via a reversal into a DDT.
Preliminary matches.
The opening match for the show was between Umaga and CM Punk. The match was based around Umaga beating down on Punk early, keeping him down with heavy strikes and a claw hold on his trapezius muscle, as well as being able neutralize any attempt Punk made at that point to get in any offense before he made an unsuccessful attempt at a diving headbutt off the top rope that saw Punk move out of the way, leading to him retaliating with some kicks and knee strikes of his own and a dive over the top rope onto the floor before he made an attempt at putting Umaga on his shoulders in attempt to connect with his finishing maneuver, the Go to Sleep, which has him hit a knee in his opponent's face after dropping him off his shoulders; Umaga would escape and hit a kick to the face before throwing Punk in the corner of the ring to throw his hip into his face with a move he dubbed the Samoan Wrecking Ball. Following that, Umaga grabbed his opponent, and knocked him down with a thumb strike to the throat referred to as the Samoan Spike before he got the pinfall victory over Punk.
Next up was the ECW Championship match between the champion, Christian, and challenger, Jack Swagger, in Swagger's guaranteed rematch after losing the title at Backlash. The match went back-and-forth with constant counters to each others moves outlined with Swagger holding down the champion with pinfall attempts with Christian maintaining resilience by hitting a number of signature moves before Swagger caught Christian in position for his finishing move, the Gutwrench powerbomb, which was countered by Christian by sliding behind him after being lifted onto his shoulder; this was followed by Christian grabbing Swagger's arms to attempt to execute his finishing move, the Killswitch, only to have Swagger muscle out of the position and turn around before Christian pulled down the straps from his singlet, before Swagger attempted a clothesline ducked by Christian before catching him around the waist from behind, and rolling him to the mat on to his pack, using the singlet he compromised for extra leverage, getting the pin.
The third match saw John Morrison wrestle Shelton Benjamin with his longtime tag team partner, Charlie Haas, in his corner. The match started with Benjamin hitting a quick throw called the exploder suplex setting a physical pace to the match that saw the action go onto the floor of the arena, and Morrison capitalizing on Benjamin's prone state by performing a springboard jump off of the top rope before executing a 450 degree flip onto his opponent. The action returned to the ring with Haas unsuccessfully attempting to interfere on behalf of his partner before Morrison halted the effort, and ended the match by pinning Benjamin with a split-legged jump off of the top turnbuckle, then performed a backflip whilst twisting his body before landing on his opponent with a move called the Starship Pain.
Following this match, The Miz entered the ring, and proceeded to verbally berate the live crowd, insulting them and John Cena claiming, "He's like a lovable loser, much like the Chicago Cubs." He then turned his attention specifically to the Cub's left fielder, Alfonso Soriano, who was in attendance, insulting him before being interrupted by Santino Marella, who took exception to The Miz's comments, leading to a fight between the two with The Miz getting the better of his opponent, and driving him on his face with a DDT, leading to Chavo Guerrero coming out to beat down on Marella himself after comments made by the latter about Guerrero's aunt Vickie Guerrero.
The following match was for the WWE Intercontinental Championship between champion, Rey Mysterio, and Chris Jericho. The match started with both men attempting to throw each other out of the ring to get the advantage before they settled back in with Mysterio trying to connect with his signature kick through the ropes, the 619, with Jericho stating prior to the match that he would not allow the move be hit. At one point, both competitors sat on the top turnbuckle, and Jericho made an attempt to remove Mysterio's mask, only to be knocked away. Mysterio maintained his advantage, and went for the 619 only to be caught by the challenger, and brought down to the mat before being placed into Jericho's signature hold, the Walls of Jericho. Mysterio escaped, and attempted to connect with his kick again with similar results of Jericho catching him, and applying his hold again. Mysterio escaped one last time, and would go on to win the match by being able to hit the 619, followed up by a body press from the top rope to get the pin.
Main event matches.
John Cena would face The Big Show next on the card. The match had The Big Show beat down Cena, not letting him have any room for offense by connecting various punches, but was ultimately countered by his opponent who attempted to apply his signature submission hold, the STF, which had him trap the leg and wrap his arms around his opponent's neck, but it was unable to be fully applied due to The Big Show's size. The match would continue, and Cena would hoist The Big Show onto his shoulders, and drop him with his finishing throw, the Attitude Adjustment, followed by a pinfall victory.
The main event saw Edge defend the World Heavyweight Championship against Jeff Hardy. The match kept a quick pace between the two, trying to gain the upper hand with a number of strikes and takedowns, as well as Hardy executing his signature takedown, Twist of Fate, driving Edge's face into the mat. The action would spill onto the floor, leading to both men positioned at the barricade surrounding the ring area; once Hardy tried to run across the it, Edge would stop him with a tackle called the spear. Once the action got back into the ring, it would ultimately end up back outside with Hardy setting up the steel steps in the corner of the ring to be across from Edge, who was prone on the guard rail, leading to Hardy running up the steps, and hitting a kick in mid air, leading to both competitors crashing into the crowd over the barricade. Once Edge managed to return to the ring, Hardy's brother and former tag team partner, Matt Hardy, came through the crowd, and hit him upside the head with the cast on his right arm (Jeff had broken Matt's hand in their previous encounter), once Hardy returned to the ring, Edge went for another spear unsuccessfully as his opponent managed to ascend to the top rope, only to be caught by the champion on the top turnbuckle, as Edge would grab Hardy in a facelock, and dropped off their position, spinning in mid-air, dropping the challenger on his face with an Edgecution. This led to Edge pinning Hardy and retaining his title.
Aftermath.
Following Randy Orton's retention of the WWE Championship against Batista at Judgment Day by getting himself intentionally disqualified, Ric Flair, an associate of Batista's, announced on the May 18 episode of "Raw" that, as ordered by the Raw General Manager, Vickie Guerrero, Orton would face Batista in a steel-cage match at Extreme Rules, which would prevent both interference from outside parties and deliberate disqualifications.
Also, on the May 18 episode of "Raw", it was announced that The Big Show would have a rematch with his Judgment Day opponent, John Cena at Extreme Rules as well; this time, however, the match was to be a submission match, which a wrestler can only win by forcing an opponent to submit.
On the "SmackDown" immediately following Judgment Day, SmackDown general manager, Theodore Long, felt that Edge's retention of the World Heavyweight Championship was questionable due to Matt Hardy's interference, so he declared that Jeff Hardy would have a rematch for the championship at Extreme Rules. Hardy and Edge had a match that night, with the stipulation that whoever won would be allowed to choose the stipulation for the match at Extreme Rules. Hardy won the match, and chose a ladder match, which requires the competitors in the match to climb a ladder to obtain the title belt suspended over the ring in order to win.
After defeating CM Punk at Judgment Day, Umaga continued to attack Punk. He interfered in Punk's match with Chris Jericho on the May 22 episode of "SmackDown", assaulting Punk with a leather strap, and issuing a challenge to Punk for a Samoan strap match at Extreme Rules.
After Christian retained the ECW Championship against Jack Swagger at Judgment Day, Swagger attacked Christian on the following episode of "ECW" and pushed him off the entrance ramp. Two days later, on "Superstars", Swagger interfered in a title match between Christian and Tommy Dreamer, resulting in the match being ruled a no contest. On the May 26 episode of "ECW", Swagger announced that he would have a rematch against Christian at Extreme Rules, but the ECW general manager, Tiffany, stated that Dreamer had been added to the match, making it a triple threat hardcore match, a match with no disqualifications or countouts, and the first man to score a pinfall or submission would win. As Dreamer's contract with the company was set to expire one day before the show, it was announced that he had signed a one-day extension to give him a chance at winning the title; if Dreamer were to fail to win the title, he would no longer wrestle for ECW.
Following Mysterio's victory over Jericho at the event, Jericho went to SmackDown general manager, Theodore Long, and demanded a rematch for the title the next month at Extreme Rules; Long would then announce that would happen in a No Holds Barred match at the event.
Reception.
The show was generally well-received by critics and fans. Brian Elliot, writing for the Canadian Online Explorer's wrestling section, called it, "intriguing in more ways than one." He commented on how three of the company's big stars (Triple H, Shawn Michaels, and The Undertaker) were absent from the show; he also commented on the fact that all seven of the matches were singles matches, and commented, "...there was hope that the better in-ring performers on the show would have the opportunity to wrestle – a rarity in today’s over-the-top wrestling climate." The show was rated pretty average, but "fun", with the highest score being 6.5/10 for Punk versus Umaga, the Intercontinental title match, and the World Heavyweight title match. Well-known wrestling journalist, Dave Meltzer, of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter, summarized the show by saying, "No great matches but six or seven matches were good to very good. A lot of good finishes." He also praised The Miz in speaking role, calling it the "best mic work Miz has ever done".
Writing for "The Sun", however, The LilsBoys rated the event 6.5/10, stating the event "was simply OK. And that’s not enough." They criticized the finishes of the WWE and World Heavyweight Championship matches, claiming that the "cheap finishes in both world title matches... just felt you leaving a bit ripped off." They praised the Intercontinental Championship match between Mysterio and Jericho, stating that it "was the only match on Judgment Day that is worth catching on the repeat."

</doc>
<doc id="18888957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888957" title="Erzgebirgskreis">
Erzgebirgskreis

Erzgebirgskreis is a district ("Kreis") in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is named after the Erzgebirge ("Ore Mountains"), a mountain range in the southern part of the district which forms part of the Germany–Czech Republic border. It borders (from the west and clockwise) the districts of Vogtlandkreis and Zwickau, the urban district Chemnitz, the district Mittelsachsen and the Czech Republic.
History.
The district was established by merging the former districts of Annaberg, Aue-Schwarzenberg, Stollberg and Mittlerer Erzgebirgskreis as part of the district reform of August 2008.
Geography.
The district contains the western part of the Erzgebirge, which also forms the border with the Czech Republic. Several rivers that rise in the Erzgebirge flow through the district, including Zwickauer Mulde and Zschopau. 

</doc>
<doc id="18888964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888964" title="Robert E. Haebel">
Robert E. Haebel

Robert E. Haebel (born July 18, 1927) is a retired United States Marine Corps major general whose last command was Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton. He retired in 1987 after 42 years of service.
Biography.
Robert Haebel was born in Marcus Hook, Pennsylvania on July 18, 1927.
Education.
He graduated from high school in 1945. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Education West Chester State Teachers College (now West Chester University of Pennsylvania) in 1951. He later earned two Master of Arts (M.A.) degrees — in Education from the University of New Mexico (1967) and in International Affairs from George Washington University (1971).
Marine Corps career.
In June 1945, Haebel enlisted in the Marine Corps. He reached the rank of sergeant prior to attending The Basic School at Marine Corps Base Quantico, Virginia, receiving his commission as a second lieutenant in June 1951.
In January 1952, he was ordered to Korea and participated in combat operations as a platoon leader with the 1st Marine Division, earning the Bronze Star with Combat "V". He was transferred to Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, in December 1952, and was promoted to captain in March 1954.
He served at the Marine Barracks, Treasure Island, San Francisco, California, from December 1954 to April 1957, when he was assigned to the Military Assistance Advisory Group, Taiwan, as an advisor to the Republic of China Marine Corps.
Returning to the United States, he served at Headquarters, 5th Marine Corps Recruit Reserve District, Washington, D.C., and attended the Junior Course, Amphibious Warfare School, MCB Quantico. In June 1960 he was assigned to the 3rd Marine Division, serving as a Company Commander and G-3 Operations Officer.
He returned to Camp Lejeune and served in Force Troops, Fleet Marine Force, Atlantic. In April 1962, he was promoted to major.
He served as the Marine Officer Instructor, Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps (NROTC) Unit at the University of New Mexico, from August 1964 to July 1967, when he was transferred back to the 1st Marine Division in the Republic of Vietnam and served consecutively as Operations Officer, G-3 Officer, and as a battalion commander. For his participation in combat operations in Vietnam, he was awarded the Legion of Merit with Combat "V". He was promoted to lieutenant colonel in November 1966.
Ordered to MCRD Parris Island, South Carolina, in September 1968, Haebel served as Assistant G-3 Officer, and later, as G-3 Officer of the Recruit Depot. From August 1970 to June 1971, he attended the Naval War College, Newport, Rhode Island, and upon completing the course was transferred to Hawaii as Plans Officer, G-3 Operations and Training Officer and Assistant Chief of Staff, G-3 at Headquarters, Fleet Marine Force, Pacific. He was promoted to colonel in May 1972.
In June 1975, he was ordered to the 3rd Marine Division on Okinawa and served as Commanding Officer, 4th Marine Regiment and the Camp Commander, Camp Hansen, Okinawa. He was advanced to brigadier general on April 15, 1976 and assumed duties of Commanding General, Force Troops/2nd Force Service Support Group, FMF, Atlantic, on April 23, 1976.
Ordered to Headquarters Marine Corps, General Haebel assumed duty as Director Personnel Management Division on July 28, 1978. He was promoted to major general on July 3, 1979, and assigned additional duty as Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff for Manpower in September 1979. 
General Haebel assumed duty as Commanding General, Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island, S.C., in July 1980. In June 1982, he was assigned duty as Commanding General, III Marine Amphibious Force/Commanding General, 3d Marine Division, FMF, Pacific on Okinawa. He served in this capacity until he became the Commanding General of Camp Pendleton on July 6, 1984.
Retirement.
Major General Haebel retired from the Marine Corps on June 20, 1987 after 42 years of active duty service. On November 10, 2007, Haebel was the speaker at the 2007 Marine Corps Ball at Camp Pendleton, in honor of the Marine Corps' 232nd birthday.
Awards and decorations.
Major General Haebel's decorations include: 

</doc>
<doc id="18888975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888975" title="Ponytail (band)">
Ponytail (band)

Ponytail was a 4-piece art rock band formed in Baltimore, Maryland, USA. The group 
featured vocalist Willy Siegel, guitarists Dustin Wong and Ken Seeno, and drummer Jeremy Hyman. The band has toured internationally, with bands such as Battles, Hella, Don Caballero, High Places and others. They have released three albums, "Kamehameha", "Ice Cream Spiritual", and "Do Whatever You Want All The Time". They were named "Best Live Band" by Baltimore City Paper in September 2007 and "Best Band" in September 2008
History.
In January 2005, the band came together originally as a 5-piece, incorporating Wong, Hyman, Seeno, Siegel and Petruzzo. The group was originally assembled by their professor for an assignment to start a band. Seeno recalls; "He put me and the drummer Jeremy together because we were the youngest. He put Dustin [Wong with us because he was oldest in the class. And then he put this guy Michael Petruzzo with us, he was wearing a Destiny's Child t-shirt, I remember that. And then Willy was the last one to get picked." After talking about their favorite music, the group started playing together, with the experienced musicians Hyman, Wong and Seeno playing off the freeform noise made by Petruzzo and Siegel. Petruzzo eventually left the band, which led to them focusing more on melody with Siegel as their frontwoman.
Kamehameha was released in vinyl on Friday, April 17, 2006, on Portland, Oregon-based label Gaarden Records.
In mid-June 2008, Ponytail released their second full-length, "Ice Cream Spiritual" to positive reviews. The band has been praised for their energetic, 'sugar-rush type' performances by BBC as well as Pitchfork Media. Wong left Ecstatic Sunshine in 2009 to fully focus on Ponytail. The band toured internationally throughout Europe, USA, Australia, and New Zealand in promotion of their latest record. The band was also chosen by Matt Groening to perform at the edition of the All Tomorrow's Parties festival which he curated in May 2010 in Minehead, England. 
Ponytail went on hiatus in August 2010. Wong published a solo-album "Infinite Love" in October 2010. A 40-minute piece cut into 15 tracks and then re-done on a 2nd CD. This instrumental release appeared on Thrill Jockey. Although Dustin Wong had announced that Whartscape 2010 in Baltimore, Maryland would be their last show, a new album was announced. The band released their third full-length album, titled "Do Whatever You Want All The Time", in April 2011. The cover art that was designed by Yamantaka Eye of the Japanese rock band Boredoms. The band officially broke up on September 22, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18888993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888993" title="Moyers Corners Fire Department">
Moyers Corners Fire Department

The Moyers Corners Fire Department (MCFD or The Corners) has an ISO 3 Rating and is a 100% volunteer department located in the densely populated northern division of Onondaga County, New York. It provides fire, rescue and emergency medical services within the Town of Clay, New York. With an urban/suburban response coverage area of approximately , the department protects a resident population of over 55,000 and a daytime population of over 75,000. A diversified district of extensive single-family dwellings, multiple occupancy apartments, townhouses and garden apartment structures, industrial facilities, business and office parks and commercial and retail centers and complexes. Major interstate and highway systems criss-crosses through the district that includes major rail lines and over of waterfront. The Moyers Corners Fire Department runs about an average 1700 alarms annually
History.
In 1948 the Clay community saw the beginning of one of the finest fire departments in the country. It started back in November when Ken Brand was standing helplessly, watching Lyman Melvin’s garage burn down. He waited for the Liverpool Fire Department to arrive. The Liverpool Fire Department did arrive, but they stopped at the town line, telling Ken that they could not cross because they did not have the insurance coverage. As everyone watched the garage burn down, Ken said, “By God, tomorrow we will start our own fire department.” This was the beginning of Moyers Corners Fire Department. Ken went from house to house, looking for men interested in becoming members. They held their first meeting in a cow barn with approximately fifteen men, who all paid twenty dollar dues. After holding several meetings and a ‘public hearing’ with the Town of Clay, the search was on for a fire truck. As luck had it, a man was stopped at the gas station on the corner with car trouble. This man told Ken that his car needed to be fixed immediately; he was heading to a town outside of Buffalo to sell a used fire truck. Ken asked him, “Fire truck, what year?” The man replied that it was a 1922 American LaFrance. Ken asked him how much he wanted for it, and the man quoted five hundred dollars. Ken then asked him, “Will you sell it to us?” And the man replied, “I’ll sell it to anybody.” Ken ran home and called four of the members, who agreed to buy the truck, and then returned with Ken to drive the man home to Buffalo. They then returned with the American LaFrance. The men now felt that they were a true fire department. The new fire truck was housed at the gas station until a fire barn could be built.
Station 1.
Motto - "Pride of the Northside"
All of the members volunteered their time to build a new fire house. Some of the men, such as Ken, Earl McWithey, Fred Harke, Paul Marshall, Buck Shader, and Ed Melvin even worked through half of the night. In addition, the men worked every weekend. The building was soon completed in the fall of 1948, and the ‘new’ fire truck now had a home. Station 1 located 150' North East of the Rt.31/Rt 57 intersection. The original building was involved in a fire in the 1980s and subsequently taken down. Today a single story pole barn is in this location. The present day Moyers Corners Station 1 is located across the street from this location. For nearly four years, until 1952, the department operated with the 1922 American LaFrance and an old acquired oil tanker that was converted into a water truck. This tanker was purchased by Tony Lewis. In 1952, Moyers Corners purchased their first new truck, a 1952 GMC pumper, a “Jimmy” engine with a 250 gpm pump and a tank. It manned two in the cab, and four on the tailboard. 1952 progressed into a landmark year for the department. In addition to the tanker and pumper, the "Ladies" Auxiliary purchased the department’s first ambulance at a cost of five hundred dollars. All three pieces of equipment proved to be useful by answering approximately twenty-five fire calls and thirty ambulance calls. Now at Station 1 a 2006 Pierce Quantum (Engine Company 11), 2008 Pierce Straight Tip 100 feet (Ladder Company 1), and a 2002 Ford Expedition (Squad Company 1).
Station 2.
Motto -“You want a small hole where?” “Chief we got it”
In 1948 the 1952 GMC Pumper "Jimmy" was moved to Melvin’s barn on Route 57. This barn later became Station 2, which was located at the corner of Route 57 and John Glen Boulevard (just south of where Wegman’s is today). The GMC was the first Station 2 Engine Company, and it serviced the Station 2 response area up until 1981. In 1980, work was underway for the expansion of the station. The new expansion included the addition of three apparatus bays, renovation of the existing recreation room into an ambulance bay, a bunk room for overnight standbys, and construction of a full kitchen, a day room, conference room and office areas. Apparatus where relocated as a result of the opening of Moyers Corners Fire Station 3. In July 1998, Station 2 was once again renovated and became a fully modernized fire station with new drivethrough double bays, department business offices, meeting and conference rooms, blood-borne decon rooms, sleeping quarters, and maintenance facilities. The station is home to the Second Battalion, at station 2 a 2006 Pierce Quantum (Engine Company 21),1999 Pierce Engine (Engine Company 22), 2010 Sutphen Aerial Tower (Truck Company 2), and a 2002 Ford Expedition (Squad Company 2).
Station 3.
Motto – “Southside Express” “All Hands”
The tremendous growth and increase in alarm activities, and the need for timely response to the furthest southern area of the department’s district identified the need for an additional fire station. Forover thirty years, the department operated as a two station department; this changed with the construction and apparatus assignments to Fire Station 3. Established in 1980 on Henry Clay Boulevard, between West Taft Road and the intersection of Vine Street, Station 3 was constructed as a fully operational four bay fire station with a full complement of facilities. As the station was under construction in the late 1970s, new personnel were recruited to man this fire station. These new firefighters reported to Station 2 for an extended period of time prior to the completion of Station 3, in order to receive the appropriate training and gain operational experience. These personnel, as well as the existing Station 2 personnel who lived in the newly established Station Three response area, would eventually compromise the station’s membership. Station Three has seen the establishment and designation of its response area as the Third Battalion. With a mixed occupancy response area, the station sees extensive box alarm assignments for mutual aid with the Liverpool and North Syracuse Fire Departments. At Station 3 there are a 1999 Pierce Quantum (Engine Company 31), 1997 Pierce Quantum (Engine Company 32), 2001 Saulsbury Heavy Rescue (Rescue Company 3), 1980 International (HazMat 3), and a 2004 Ford Expedition (Squad Company 3).
Station 4.
Motto – “No challenge too great, no rescue too difficult”
This station was constructed in 1991 to meet the increasing demands associated with the growth and emergency responses in the northern and central response areas of the district that occurred throughout the 1980s. Located on Oswego Road/Route 57 across from Seneca Mall, it has three apparatus bays, sleeping quarters, meeting and day rooms, and offices. The fire station’s response first due district was a composite of areas formally covered by Station 1 and Station 2, with its first manning complement composed of personnel from both stations. Original Station 4 personnel included twenty-four firefighters. Station Four has 25 members. At Station 4 there are a 2003 Saulsbury Heavy Rescue (Rescue Company 4), 2010 Pierce Quantum (Engine Company 41), and a 2006 Ford Super Duty with custom box (Squad Company 4).
Station 5.
At this time, MCFD owns land in the far northern section of their district but has not built station 5. At the current time the department's call volume and number of volunteers does not require a need for a 5th station.
"Ladies" Auxiliary.
On May 25, 1948, Betty (Brand) Hanlon invited the wives of the Moyers Corners Fire Department to her home proposing that they form an auxiliary. There were seventeen ladies present. Acting as chairperson, Betty explained that the purpose of an auxiliary was to help out the firemen in anyway that they needed. A vote was taken, and the auxiliary was formed. It was decided that a wife, mother, sister, or daughter of a fireman was eligible, and they must reside in the fire district. Elections followed with Betty (Brand) Hanlon, President; Carolyn Samuels, Vice President; Doris Bowley, Secretary; Margery Arnold, Treasurer. Corresponding Secretary and Chaplain were added later.
At the second meeting, by-laws were formed and dues were set at twenty-five cents each month, which remains the same today. Through the years, by-laws were changed many times, including dropping 'Ladies' from the organizations name. It was decided to hold meetings at individual's homes. At the time, the men met at Lyman Melvin's barn, which housed the first fire truck.
During the First Year, the auxiliary was able to purchase badges, helmets, and gloves for the firemen, as well as donate $100.00 collected through various fund raising efforts. In June 1948, the auxiliary joined the Onondaga County Auxiliary of North Syracuse, and later joined the New York State Auxiliary in May 1949. Delegates were appointed to the County and State. At this time, all members attended monthly county meetings which were held at different firehouses. The County does not meet in January or February, and the auxiliary not pays the expenses for our delegates to attend the State Convention, held at the same time as the men's, in a different city each year.
In 1949, under a tent that stood where Station 1 is now, they held their first Field Days. The following year they were held on Elmcrest Road under tents, and this was when they bought uniforms and accessories to start marching. A first place was won in Baldwinsville. All of the auxiliary members marched, and were led by two girl scouts carrying their banner.
While the firemen were building the fire station, the auxiliary would feed the men at Betty's house. In September 1949, the held their first meeting at the new fire house, which is across the street from Station 1, and the site of the old field days. In 1950, they gave the firemen $100.00 to purchase an inch-and-a-half nozzle and new coats. Shortly after, we held a kitchen shower to stock our kitchen.
In 1951 and 1952, the auxiliary purchased the firemen's first ambulance, which was used, for $500.00. The auxiliary was accepted to the Strike It Rich program in New York City, in which several of the girls participated in. The auxiliary took full responsibility for the ambulance, including insurance and the supplies for several years. Supplies included a cardiac monitor, stair chair, neonatal resuscitator, power pack, rescue kit, and rescue saw. As the insurance increased, they only paid half. Some of the girls took first aid and rode in the ambulance. They would also ride on the ambulance and assist with relay of patients from one city to another along the thruway.
Their first dinner was held at the Methodist Church in Euclid, prior to the firehouse being built. Through the years, they held various money making projects. Included are white elephant sales, bake sales, Stanley and Dutchman parties, cosmetic parties, wedding receptions, calendar dinners, cake walks, sample fairs, chicken barbecues, dances, amateur nights, and fashion shows. They also sold vanilla, magazines, food choppers, pocket books, cookbooks, peanut brittle, cards, and belt rings. They advertised on card tables. The auxiliary held smorgasbord dinners, cabaret nights, postal auctions, smokerettes, and saved labels for CCA contest. In addition, they held monthly dinners for Suburban Gas Company and sold refreshments at Bingo.
The men's softball team won the Northern Section Softball Tournament one year, and the VFW in Phoenix, New York put on a clambake for them, in which they purchased the tickets. In 1966, one of the bigger expenses was three deep fryers for the men's fish dinners. Several times through the year they would hold dinners and invite the wives of the firemen whom were not involved in the auxiliary. 1973 was the ground breaking for the new Station 1. They purchased a complete set of Syracuse China for the kitchen; before we only had odd pieces of china. In 1975 and 1976 their big expenses were drapes, three utility carts, a coffee maker, waitress stand, freezer, six new tables, and a trailer sign for the front of Station 1. They also gave money to the burn unit at Upstate Hospital. In 1978 and 1979, they donated $1000.00 to the ambulance fund drive. At this time, they also put on luncheons at the Plaza Nursing Home. In 1979, they held a spaghetti supper to supply the kitchen for Station 3. During these few years, they also helped the firemen with their pancake breakfasts on Sunday mornings. The Moyers Corners Fire Department Auxiliary has also adopted firemen at the Firemen's Home in Hudson, New York, and donate annually to the small change fund at the home. In the 1980s, the auxiliary continued to donate to the Fire Department and Rescue Squad. They purchased new drapes for the stations, kitchen equipment and supplies, and have donated money to the firemen to finish remolding the Day Room. They also purchased a fire radio for the purpose of responding to 10-10s (Signal 99s) quicker.
Student Bunk-in Program.
The Moyers Corners Fire Department has been running a Student Bunk-in Program for some time now, and it has been a tremendous success. Students who are enrolled in the Fire Protection Technology Curriculum at Onondaga Community College live at the fire stations. In return for living at the fire stations, the students work regular duty shifts to help maintain the fire stations and apparatus, and when an alarm comes in, act as firefighters and respond with the apparatus. This has not only helped to keep the facilities and apparatus well maintained, but has also helped the daytime staffing.
Sports.
Every summer MCFD plays softball in the Onondaga County Northern Section Firefighter's Softball League.
Major Fires 2000 - Present.
On 4/23/05, 25 different Fire Departments where called to Recycle America Alliance for a warehouse fire in the Moyers Corners district. Firefighters would work shifts to put out piles of Recyclables.
On 8/6/07 in Baldwinsville, New York a reported Structure Fire at the corner of W. Genesee St. and Oswego Streets. As a Chief from Baldwinsville Fire Department arrived he reported Heavy smoke and Fire showing on the second Floor and it was declared a "Signal 99.” the volunteers from Moyers Corners provided 4 companies (Engine Company 12, Engine Company 41, Truck Company 2, and Rescue Company 3) to this 6 alarm fire.

</doc>
<doc id="18888996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888996" title="António de Saldanha">
António de Saldanha

António de Saldanha was a Castilian-Portuguese 16th-century captain. He was the first European to set anchor in what is now called Table Bay, South Africa, and made the first recorded ascent of Table Mountain.
Background.
Chroniclers Gaspar Correia (p. 412) and Fernão Lopes de Castanheda (p. 157) identify António de Saldanha as a "Castilian nobleman" who arrived in Portugal around 1497, in the household service of the queen Maria of Aragon. His original Castilian name is unknown, 'Saldanha' being probably just a reference to the Castilian town of Saldaña, from where he might have been originally from
Expedition of 1503.
Being a man of "some nautical experience", Saldanha was appointed to head a squad of three vessels, part of Afonso de Albuquerque's fleet bound for India to reinforce the Portuguese settlement at Cochin. Although accompanying the India fleet, Saldanha's squad was said to have been given separate instructions to patrol the mouth of the Red Sea, and prey on Arab shipping.
Saldanha's three-ship squad (himself, Rui Lourenço Ravasco and Diogo Fernandes Pereira) set out of Lisbon in early May 1503, intending to catch up with Albuquerque's main fleet, which had gone on ahead. Poor pilotage, however, led to numeous errors. The squad mistakenly sailed into the Gulf of Guinea, Saldanha and Lourenço alighting near São Tomé, with no idea where their third ship might be (Diogo Fernandes was actually on the proper track, sailing on alone). The remaining two began to make their way painfully south along the African coast, against the contrary winds and currents. Somewhere along the way, Saldanha and Lourenço lost sight of each other as well.
Again, by poor piloting, Saldanha miscalculated his Cape crossing, and ended up making landfall just north of the Cape of Good Hope. To check if the cape had been surpassed, Saldanha anchored in the hitherto unknown Table Bay, and went ashore. Saldanha thus became the first European to set foot in what was to become modern Cape Town. Saldanha climbed the flat-topped mountain adjacent to the bay and identified the tip of the Cape (Cape Point) further to the south. He named the peak "Table Mountain" and carved a cross in the rock of a nearby formation, traces of which can still be found on Lion's Head today. Saldanha replenished his water supplies at a local watering hole (he also got into a brief skirmish with local Khoikhoi and was slightly wounded), before returning to his ship. 
Table Bay was promptly named "Aguada de Saldanha" (Saldanha's watering stop) by Portuguese 16th-century cartographers. In 1601 a Dutch seafarer and cartographer, Joris van Spilbergen identified a bay further to the north of the Cape as "Aguada de Saldanha". Henceforth this location became known as "Saldanha Bay" and the place where Saldanha anchored was renamed "Table Bay".
Events from here are a bit obscure. It seems after multiple attempts, Saldanha finally doubled the cape, but his ship was in sufficiently poor shape to force him to put into Mossel Bay for repair. A note left at that watering hole says he was still there in October, 1503. During this interlude, Rui Lourenço Ravasco was actually waiting for him in Mozambique Island. With no sign of Saldanha, Lourenço entertained himself with some freelance piracy on the East African coast, capturing ships off Kilwa and reducing Zanzibar and Barawa to tribute, and battling against Mombassa (who were besieging the Portuguese-allied Malindi). Diogo Fernandes, with still no idea where the others were, was waiting patiently in the mouth of the Red Sea by himself.
Saldanha finally left South Africa and caught up with Lourenço Ravasco at Malindi. They proceeded together to force a treaty on Mombassa, before heading up to the Red Sea. Saldanha and Lourenço Ravasco spent the winter of 1503-04 around Cape Guardafui, capturing numerous Arab merchant ships. They were completely ignorant that Diogo Fernandes was just nearby, quietly wintering by himself at the island of Socotra.
In the Spring of 1504, entrusting much of their stolen treasures to the safekeeping of the King of Malindi, Saldanha and Lourenço Ravasco sailed across the Indian Ocean to India. But badly battered, they were forced to stop for a long period of repairs and rest at Anjediva island, apparently unaware that, at the very moment, a desperate battle was being fought at Cochin, between the small Portuguese garrison and the large army of the Zamorin of Calicut.
In September, 1504, Saldanha and Lourenço Ravasco were found by 6th India Armada, under the command of Lopo Soares de Albergaria, who helped them finish their repairs, annexed them into his fleet and proceeded down to Cochin. Saldanha participated in several actions in India in late 1504, notably the razing of Cranganore in October. 
In January, 1505, Saldanha joined the return fleet back to Lisbon. The fleet stopped by Malindi to pick up his deposited treasure and arrived in Lisbon in July.
Passenger in 1506.
According to João de Barros, António de Saldanha returned to the Indian Ocean in 1506, with the 8th Armada under Tristão da Cunha, albeit not as a captain of his own ship. He came principally as a navigator, to help guide the Red Sea-bound squad of Afonso de Albuquerque around Cape Guardafui.
In late 1506/early 1507, when the fleet was lingering in Mozambique Island waiting for favorable winds, the admiral Tristão da Cunha placed his own flagship, the "Sant' Iago", under the temporary command of Saldanha, while he went off on some exploratory expeditions on the African coast in a smaller boat. 
Cunha soon came across the "Flor de la Mar", the ship of João da Nova, who, on the return from India the previous year, had sprung a bad leak and been forced to stop for repairs. The spice cargo was transferred to another ship (unnamed) and placed under the command of Antonio de Saldanha, with instructions to sail it safely back to Lisbon. 
It is said that Saldanha did stop by Saldanha Bay (the modern one, not Table Bay) on the return journey.
Captain of Sofala-Mozambique (1509).
In 1509, António de Saldanha was appointed for a three-year term as captain-major of Sofala and Mozambique Island (East Africa), succeeding the late Vasco Gomes de Abreu. He set out in the Spring of 1509 as a passenger with the 11th Armada under D. Fernando Coutinho, and was deposited at Mozambique Island in August, and took . During his tenure there, Saldanha helped oversee the dismantling of the Portuguese fort at Kilwa (Quiloa) in 1511.
In 1512, his term in Sofala-Mozambique finished, António de Saldanha was relieved by the new governor Simão de Miranda de Azevedo, who arrived in October. Saldanha took charge of Miranda's ship for the return to Lisbon.

</doc>
<doc id="18889001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889001" title="An Elephant Called Slowly">
An Elephant Called Slowly

An Elephant Called Slowly (1969) is a Morning Star Productions Ltd. feature film starring Bill Travers and Virginia McKenna as themselves in a story about the couple's real-life adventures with three young African elephants while house-sitting in Kenya. George Adamson (of "Born Free"), makes an appearance as himself. The soundtrack features several well-known musical numbers by Bert Kaempfert. The film was written by Travers and director James Hill, and has been released to VHS and DVD.
Plot and cast.
The film begins with Travers and McKenna leaving their home in England to caretake a house in Africa belonging to a friend scheduled for lengthy medical treatments in Switzerland. Arriving in Nairobi, they are met by Mr. Mophagee (Vinay Inambar) who has arranged transport for the couple - an old land rover series 2 which becomes something of a character in the film. After buying food supplies in a local market, the couple traverse a wilderness populated by a variety of wildlife—wildebeest, zebra, giraffe, ostrich, and crocodile—to their friend's house 150 miles distant from Nairobi. There, they cope with the house's primitive amenities including a kitchen in a truck.
One morning, the couple rise to find three young elephants lumbering about the grounds and wreaking havoc "like juvenile delinquents". The couple name the two largest elephants Kadengi and Eleanor, and the smallest one "pole pole" (Swahili for "Slowly Slowly"). The couple visit Game Wardens George Adamson and Charles Mutiso (Ali Twaha) who suggest the couple have been "adopted" by the three elephants and recommend they make friends. At home, "pole pole" has moved in and made herself comfortable; the couple create a wallow on the grounds for her, travel to the river for a swim, and take evening walks with her. When their house-sitting duty comes to a close, Travers and McKenna are confident the three elephants will join a herd in the vicinity. Cast includes Joab Collins as Henry, and Raffles Harman.
Soundtrack.
The film contains several instrumental numbers by Bert Kaempfert:
Additional music was composed and conducted by Howard Blake.
Reception.
Although Howard Thompson of "The New York Times" found the first half hour slow, he thought Travers and McKenna "personable", and approved the film for children's writing, "It's ideal for the 4- to 11-year age bracket." The critic also noted, "the picture is a tame, dramatically uneventful affair, nowhere near as finished or forceful as "Born Free". Frail and even rambling in structure, the picture edges purposefully into the wilds for some magnificently authentic animal footage...The only jolt, handled discreetly, is the sight of some jungle wild dogs finishing off a gazelle."

</doc>
<doc id="18889012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889012" title="Superhuman (song)">
Superhuman (song)

"Superhuman" is the second single released by Chris Brown from the album "Exclusive: The Forever Edition", and the sixth, last single overall off "Exclusive". The song features Keri Hilson.
Music video.
The music video was filmed in Charlotte, NC and directed by Erik White, which is Brown's seventh video directed by him. The music video was shot back-to-back with Ludacris' "What Them Girls Like" and "Dreamer".
Chart performance.
Despite not being officially released, the song debuted at #40 on the New Zealand RIANZ Singles Chart and peaked at #15, becoming the album's sixth top 20 hit in New Zealand. The song was certified Gold after seventeen weeks selling over 7,500 copies. It also debuted at #33 in Ireland and #40 on the UK Singles Chart due to strong downloads following the premiere of the music video. The song has reached #32 on the UK Singles Chart, and was physically released in the UK on 24th November. It has also become Brown's 6th Top 20 hit in Ireland, peaking at #15 on the Irish Singles Chart. It debuted, the first week on the Australian Aria Singles Chart on November 3rd 2008 at number 36, and has peaked at number 30. The single has entered at number 109 in the U.S., became Brown's first ever single to miss the Billboard Hot 100.

</doc>
<doc id="18889015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889015" title="Melissa Mueller">
Melissa Mueller

Melissa Mueller (born 16 November 1972 in Waukesha, Wisconsin) is an American pole vaulter.
She finished fifth at the 1999 World Indoor Championships and won the gold medal at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo. She also competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics. 
Her personal best jump is 4.60 metres, achieved in July 2003 at an All-comers track meet in Atascadero, California.
She now lives in Georgia.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18889032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889032" title="Allan Viney">
Allan Viney

Arthur Edward Allanby "Allan" Viney OAM (29 July 1919 – 13 June 2008) was an Australian politician and Liberal Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly. Viney represented the electorate of Wakehurst (1971–1978).
Born in Sydney, Viney was educated at Mortlake Primary School and Fort Street Boys High School. From 1938 to 1940 he served with the Australian military forces. In 1940 and 1941 he served with the Second Australian Imperial Force. In 1941-43 he served in the Anti-tank Artillery Regiment.
Allan joined the Liberal Party and was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 13 February 1971 to 12 September 1978. In addition to serving as parliamentary backbencher Viney served as the Shadow Minister for Transport from 1976 to 1978 and was the Shadow Minister for Corrective Services in 1978 under the leadership of Sir Eric Willis (1976–1977) and Peter Coleman (1977–1978) until his retirement from politics.
Viney belonged to many community organisations on the Northern Beaches including the Rural Fire Service for 35 years, for which he was awarded the National Medal in 1988 with Two clasps. On 26 January 2007 he was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia for "Service through rural fire and service organisations and to the New South Wales Parliament".
On 13 June 2008 Allan Viney died at Mona Vale Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="18889042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889042" title="Daniels, Maryland">
Daniels, Maryland

Daniels is a ghost town straddling the Patapsco River east of Woodstock and north of Old Ellicott City in Baltimore County and Howard County, Maryland, United States. It is the location of the Daniels Mill, a site listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is the hometown of former Howard County Executive and State Senator James N. Robey.

</doc>
<doc id="18889048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889048" title="Stephanie McCann">
Stephanie McCann

Stephanie Lynn McCann (born April 22, 1977 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian pole vaulter.
She finished fifth at the 2001 Summer Universiade and tenth at the 2004 Summer Olympics. She won the bronze medals at the 2002 Commonwealth Games, the 2003 Pan American Games and the 2006 Commonwealth Games. She also competed at the World Championships in 2001 and 2003 without reaching the final. 
Her personal best jump is 4.41 metres, achieved in July 2003 in Atascadero.

</doc>
<doc id="18889053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889053" title="Hodel v. Irving">
Hodel v. Irving

Hodel v. Irving, 481 U.S. 704 (1987), is a case in which the U.S. Supreme Court held that a statute ordering the escheat of fractional interests in real property which had been bequeathed to members of the Oglala Sioux tribe was an unconstitutional taking which required just compensation.
Background.
Towards the end of the 19th century, Congress enacted a series of land Acts which divided the communal reservations of Indian tribes into individual allotments for Indians and unallotted lands for non-Indian settlement. This legislation was motivated both by a desire to force Indians to abandon their nomadic ways in order to "speed the Indians' assimilation into American society", and by pressure to free new lands for further white settlement. One of these statutes, enacted in 1889, allotted each male Sioux head of household took of land and most other individuals , with the land to be held in trust by the United States. Prior to 1910, the lands of deceased allottees passed to their heirs "according to the laws of the State or Territory" where the land was located. After 1910, allottees were permitted to dispose of their interests by will in accordance with regulations promulgated by the Secretary of the Interior, which were intended to protect Native American ownership of the allotted lands.
Unfortunately, this policy of promoting private ownership of land among the Sioux had disastrous consequences. Instead of working the land themselves, the Sioux sold, or more frequently leased, the lands to whites, and lived off the meager revenues. Worse yet, each successive generation found their parcels became splintered into multiple undivided interests in land, with many parcels having dozens (and in some cases, hundreds) of owners. Because the land was held in trust and often could not be alienated or partitioned, the fractionation problem grew steadily worse over time. Financial returns from the leased lands were divided up among so many parties that the holders of the fractionated interests would get as little as one cent from their holdings, and the administrative costs of bookkeeping and monitoring all of the fractional interests was economically unfeasible.
Congress ended the practice of land allotment in 1934, but this did little to alleviate the ownership problems which already existed, and continued to get worse with each passing generation of Sioux. In hopes of finally solving the fractionation problem, Congress passed the Indian Land Consolidation Act in 1983. Section 207 of the act provided that:
No undivided fractional interest in any tract of trust or restricted land within a tribe's reservation or otherwise subjected to a tribe's jurisdiction shall descedent by intestacy or devise but shall escheat to that tribe if such interest represents 2 per centum or less of the total acreage in such tract and has earned to its owner less than $100 in the preceding year before it is due to escheat.
The statute did not make any provisions for the payment of compensation to the holders of the fractional interests which were to escheat to the tribe.
Facts and procedural history.
The plaintiffs in this case were three enrolled members of the Oglala Sioux tribe: Mary Irving, Patrick Pumpkin Seed, and Eileen Bissonette. All of them were heirs or devisees of deceased tribe members. Irving lost two escheatable interests worth approximately $100, Pumpkin Seed lost 13 escheatable interests worth $1,816, and Bissonette lost $2,700 on the 26 escheatable interests in she was devised.
The plaintiffs filed suit against Donald P. Hodel, in his official capacity as Secretary of the Interior, in the United States District Court for the District of South Dakota. The District Court found for the government, holding that the plaintiffs had no vested interest in the property of the decedents prior to their deaths, and that Congress had plenary authority to abolish the power of testamentary disposition of Indian property and to alter the rules of intestate succession, and concluded that the statute was constitutional. Plaintiffs appealed.
The Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed, holding that the statute violated the plaintiff's rights under the Takings Clause of the Fifth Amendment. While the Eighth Circuit agreed with the District Court that the plaintiffs did not have vested rights in the decedents' property, it concluded that their decedents had a right, derived from the original Sioux allotment statute, to control disposition of their property at death. The government sought certiorari, which was granted.
Decision.
Majority opinion.
Justice O'Connor, writing for the majority, first held that the plaintiffs had standing to challenge the statute. Even though they were not asserting their own property rights, the fact that their decedents had been denied the right to devise their property by will or intestacy created a sufficient injury-in-fact for the plaintiffs to bring suit.
She then moved on to the substantive issue of the case. O'Connor agreed with the government that the fractionation of ownership was a serious problem, which Congress did have the power to ameliorate. She also agreed that the Sioux probably lost no "investment-backed expectations" under the test set forth in "Penn Central Transportation Co. v. New York City". However, she held that the right to will one’s property to one's heirs is one of the most important "sticks in the bundle" under Anglo-American common law, and that the total abrogation of this right constitutes a taking.
Concurring opinions.
Justice Brennan and Justice Scalia each wrote a brief, single-paragraph concurring opinion, both of which analogized the rights lost by the plaintiffs in this case to those lost under the Eagle feather law.
Justice Stevens concurred in the judgment, and wrote the longest concurrence. His chief objection to the statute is that it afforded no opportunity for the plaintiffs' decedents to avoid escheat by consolidating their property through voluntary "inter vivos" transfers (for example, by providing a grace period before the statute came into force), thus violating their due process rights.

</doc>
<doc id="18889066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889066" title="Selçuk Alibaz">
Selçuk Alibaz

Selçuk Alibaz (born 3 December 1989) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Karlsruher SC in an attacking midfielder position. The German born Alibaz earned his sole cap in the Turkish Süper Lig with Eskişehirspor on 26 April 2009 in a match against Trabzonspor before being loaned out to third tier club Afyonkarahisarspor and eventually returning to Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18889068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889068" title="Michael Friedman (philosopher)">
Michael Friedman (philosopher)

Michael Friedman is a philosopher of science interested in Immanuel Kant and the post-analytic movement in philosophy. Friedman earned his A.B from Queen's College in New York and his PhD from Princeton University. He is Frederick P. Rehmus Family Professor of Humanities at Stanford University. Before moving to Stanford, Friedman taught at the University of Pennsylvania, University of Illinois Chicago, and Indiana University. His students include Alan Richardson and Andrew Janiak.
Friedman is interested in combining Analytic Philosophy and Continental Philosophy, arguing that both views bring valuable perspectives. In his book "Dynamics of Reason", Friedman fills in important gaps in the progress and rise of paradigms, not fully developed by Thomas Kuhn.

</doc>
<doc id="18889069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889069" title="Bavarian MCCi">
Bavarian MCCi

The steam railbuses of Bavarian Class MCCi were built between 1906 - 1908 for the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn") for suburban services in the Munich area. Seven units were produced, the coach bodies being manufactured by MAN and the engines by Maffei.
The railbuses had a B'2' axle arrangement, thus two of the four axles were driven. The engine was technically very similar to that of the four-wheeled "Lokalbahn" (branch line) locomotives of Bavarian Class ML 2/2.
In the mid-1920s as the vehicles were taken over by the Deutsche Reichsbahn, four of the railbuses were converted to electric propulsion and initially classified as the D4i elT and later as ET 85. They were therefore prototypes for the DRG's Class ET 85s.
Another MCCi was converted to a diesel railbus in 1928 by MAN (VT 865); this did not prove effective however and was retired by the end of the 1920s. 

</doc>
<doc id="18889076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889076" title="Gökhan Çalışal">
Gökhan Çalışal

Çalışal played previously for Sakaryaspor, Sivasspor, Eskişehirspor, Boluspor and Kartalspor.

</doc>
<doc id="18889078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889078" title="Ilse van der Meijden">
Ilse van der Meijden

Ilse van der Meijden (born 22 October 1988 in Baarn) is a water polo player of the Netherlands who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
Van der Meijden was part of the team that became fifth at the 2006 FINA Women's Water Polo World League in Cosenza. With her in the team they also became fifth at the 2006 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Belgrade, followed by the 9th spot at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in Melbourne. The Dutch team finished in fifth place at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Malaga and they qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. There they ended up winning the gold medal on 21 August, beating the United States 9-8 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18889082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889082" title="Alice Falaiye">
Alice Falaiye

Alice Falaiye (born 24 December 1978) is a Canadian long jumper.
She has won gold medals at the 2003 Pan American Games and the 2010 Commonwealth Games. She also competed at the 2001 World Championships without reaching the final. 
Her personal best jump is 6.72 metres, achieved in June 2009 in Baton Rouge.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18889083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889083" title="George Sharpe">
George Sharpe

George Sharpe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18889084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889084" title="Rumyana Neykova">
Rumyana Neykova

Rumyana Neykova (; born 6 April 1973 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian rower. Neykova competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, the 1996 Summer Olympics, the 2000 Summer Olympics, where she won silver in Single Sculls, the 2004 Summer Olympics, where she won bronze and the 2008 Summer Olympics, where she won gold in the same discipline. Her current coach is her husband Svilen Neykov. In 2002, she set the world best time of 7:07:41 on 21 Sept in Seville ESP and she was named Bulgarian Sportswoman of the Year, as well as FISA Female Rower of the Year.
Neykova has been involved in rowing since 1985, when she began training at CSKA Sofia coached Verka Aleksieva. In 1989, she was vice-world junior champion, winning that title in 1990. After several unsuccessful attempts with women's doubles and quadruples, she switched to Single Sculls and won her first medal at the 1999 world championships in Canada. She has two world titles in that discipline, at Sevilla 2002 and Milan 2003, as well as being world second in 2007 in Gifu.
At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, she narrowly lost the Olympic title to Ekaterina Karsten of Belarus by photo finish, in what was seen in Bulgaria as a very controversial judges' decision. After the Olympics, she took a one-year break, giving birth to her son Emil in 2001. At the Athens Olympics in 2004, she finished third in Single Sculls, behind Katrin Rutschow-Stomporowski of Germany and Karsten. At the 2005 world championships, she also competed in Double Sculls, coming second together with Miglena Markova.
Neykova finally won her first Olympic title at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, beating Michelle Guerette of the United States as well as her year-long rival Karsten to secure the gold medal on 16 August. With her title in Beijing, Neykova has a full collection of Olympic medals: a silver, a bronze and a gold one.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18889089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889089" title="Seyhan Cenk Tekelioğlu">
Seyhan Cenk Tekelioğlu

Cenk Tekelioğlu (born 4 August 1973) is a retired Turkish professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Tekelioğlu previously played for Sarıyer G.K., Konyaspor, Diyarbakirspor, Bursaspor, Altay S.K., Eskişehirspor, Sakaryaspor, and Bucaspor.

</doc>
<doc id="18889100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889100" title="Meike de Nooy">
Meike de Nooy

Meike de Nooy (born 2 May 1983 in Eindhoven) is a water polo player of the Netherlands who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
de Nooy was part of the team that became sixth at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona. She also was in the team that became tenth at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships in Montreal and at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in Melbourne where they finished in 9th position. They started a new campaign with a mix of experienced and talented players to work towards a new top team for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. The Dutch team finished in fifth place at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Malaga and they qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. There they ended up winning the gold medal on 21 August, beating the United States 9-8 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18889105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889105" title="Gökhan Bozkaya">
Gökhan Bozkaya

Gökhan Bozkaya (born 12 May 1981 in Germany) is a Turkish footballer. He currently plays for Giresunspor in the forward position.
Bozkaya previously made 50 appearances for Sivasspor in the Super Lig.

</doc>
<doc id="18889119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889119" title="Ömer Közen">
Ömer Közen

Ömer Közen (born 21 August 1981 in Istanbul), is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Manisaspor in the TFF First League.

</doc>
<doc id="18889127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889127" title="Tufan Esin">
Tufan Esin

Tufan Esin (born 7 August 1980 in Silifke, Turkey), is a Turkish footballer who plays for Diyarbakirspor as a forward.
Esin previously played for Manisaspor in the 2005–06 Turkish Super Lig season.

</doc>
<doc id="18889128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889128" title="Sharkey, Kentucky">
Sharkey, Kentucky

Sharkey is a small community located at the intersection of state routes 801 and 158 in Rowan County, Kentucky, United States.
History.
The local explanation for the name is derived from a cock fight. The township was on the verge of establishing a post office, which required a town name. There was a cock fight going on at the same time, so the decision was made to name the post office (and subsequently the town) after the winner of the fight. The two roosters involved were named "Sharkey" and "Shanghai", respectively. Sharkey prevailed, hence the name of the township.
Community.
Today, Sharkey has a single church and a single store. There are approximately 400 households, up from less than 150 in 1996. Much of the community's expansion has come from the opening of an interstate off ramp, the "Farmers-Sharkey Exit," on 801.

</doc>
<doc id="18889141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889141" title="DRG Class ET 85">
DRG Class ET 85

The DRG Class ET 85 was a German electric locomotive with the Deutsche Reichsbahn and, later, the Deutsche Bundesbahn.
History.
In 1924 the Waggonfabrik Fuchs coach factory in Heidelberg converted four Bavarian MCCi steam railbuses into Class ET 85 electric railbuses with running numbers 01–04. After this conversion an order for 32 new vehicles of this type was delivered to Fuchs and BBC to be built from 1927 to 1933. In 1927 it was still not possible to locate the entire electric engine unter the coach floor. The transformer and the switching ("Schaltwerk") was therefore installed in an engine compartment. The nine railbuses were only a little longer than their "prototypes". The doors to the passenger section were recessed like those of their predecessors, however there was only a single door to the engine compartment on the right hand side of the vehicle. All units up to number ET 85 30 originally had front doors and gangways that were later removed. 
In identical form and with the same internal layout - instead of the engine room, there was a luggage compartment - driving cars ES 85 01–34 appeared from 1927 to 1933. Rebuilt six-wheeled Bavarian passenger coaches, numbers EB 85 01–70, acted as trailer cars; they were later replaced by six-wheeled 'rebuild coaches', the so-called "Umbau-Wagen". Motor coaches ET 85 05 and 09 were equipped for top speeds of 100 km/h. The DB took over the Class ET 85 and reclassified them in 1968 as DB Class 485/885. These vehicles were not just employed in Munich suburban services but also by the Deutsche Bundesbahn in the Black Forest on the Three Lakes Railway and the Wehra Valley Line.
By 1977 all the vehicles had been retired; the last ones being nos. 485 005 + 885 615.
In 1949 numbers ET 85 13, 14 and 16 were converted to ET 90 01–03. After re-motoring they were used on the inclined route from Berchtesgaden to Königssee and occasionally also on the Ammer Valley Railway. In 1972 the ET 90s were retired.
Number 485 007 + 885 615 is preserved in the Bochum-Dahlhausen Railway Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18889143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889143" title="Keith Jarrett (rugby)">
Keith Jarrett (rugby)

Keith Jarrett (born 18 May 1948) is a retired Welsh international rugby centre who played union for Newport and league with Barrow. Jarrett is most notable for his early appearances for the Wales national rugby union team where he set point scoring records. Jarrett switched to rugby league in 1969 but illness forced him to retire in 1973 at the age of 25.
Early career.
Jarrett was born in Newport, Monmouthshire, the son of former Glamorgan cricketer Harold Jarrett and attended Monmouth School. Like his father he also played cricket for Glamorgan County Cricket Club. In 1966 Keith Jarrett played rugby union for Newport against Ebbw Vale, shortly after leaving school.
Cricket.
Jarrett played for Glamorgan Second XI from 1965–67, appearing in two first class matches in 1967 - one each against the Indian and Pakistani tourists. He was a middle order bat and change right arm seam bowler.
International career.
Jarrett played his first international for Wales on April 15, 1967, against England, aged eighteen years. He had been selected at full back even though he had never played senior rugby in that position. Newport were asked to play him at full back against Newbridge on the weekend before the international to give him some experience. He did not seem to be much of a success in his new position and at half time, his captain David Watkins, switched him to centre. The following week Jarrett played in his first international and scored a breathtaking try. England won a lineout in their own 25 (as it was then). The ball was passed down the line to English centre, Colin McFadyean, who kicked towards the halfway line. The ball bounced once and was seemingly going in to touch. Instead, Jarret sprinted onto the ball, taking it without breaking stride. He sprinted down the touchline, outflanking the whole of the astonished England defence, to score in the left corner. He converted his own try from just inside the touchline. Besides scoring a try, he kicked two penalty goals and five conversions for a total of 19 points. His performance on the field was so impressive that the match has been known ever since as the Keith Jarrett match and he made the cover of "Rugby World" magazine two months later. The try has been voted seventh in a poll of the top ten Welsh tries and he is listed on the Welsh Rugby Union Official Website as the scorer of the "Greatest Ever Welsh try".
In 1968 he set a club record of 30 points for Newport against Penarth and was selected for the 1968 British Lions tour to South Africa.
Jarrett played for Wales at rugby union ten times in all, making his final appearance against Australia on the 21st June 1969 during the Wales tour of New Zealand and Australia.
On his return from tour in 1969, Jarrett joined rugby league club Barrow for a joining fee of £14,000. He was also selected for the Welsh national rugby league side before he had played his first game for Barrow.
Later life.
Jarrett's rugby career was cut short in 1973, aged just 25, when he suffered a stroke resulting from a hemorrhage. He was unable to achieve his fullest potential.

</doc>
<doc id="18889148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889148" title="Engin Öztonga">
Engin Öztonga

Engin Öztonga (born 10 August 1978 in Kullar) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Diyarbakirspor in the TFF First League.
Öztonga previously played for Kocaelispor and Gaziantepspor in the Turkish Super Lig.

</doc>
<doc id="18889186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889186" title="Andrew C. Taylor">
Andrew C. Taylor

Andrew C. Taylor is a U.S. businessman. He is Executive Chairman of Enterprise Holdings. Andrew Taylor is the son of Jack C. Taylor, who founded Enterprise Rent-A-Car in 1957.
Early life and career.
Taylor first began working at Enterprise washing cars when he was 16. He would work during holiday vacations and during summer breaks learning the business from the ground up.
In 1970 Taylor earned a Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of Denver. After graduation he sought experience outside the family business and worked at RLM Leasing, a Ford Motor Company affiliate based in San Francisco, CA. He spent three years there before returning to St. Louis and Enterprise Rent-A-Car.
Enterprise Rent-A-Car.
From 1970 - 1976 he worked his way up through the company. In 1976 he was promoted to General Manager of the St. Louis region. In 1980 he took the position of President and Chief Operating Officer. In 1990 Andy was promoted to Chief Executive Officer and then Chairman in 2001. During his tenure Enterprise grew from a fleet of 5,000 cars to more than 900,000 vehicles internationally. With the purchase of Vanguard Automotive Group Enterprise gained both National Car Rental and Alamo Rent A Car. The combined fleet is over one million vehicles being rented by roughly 78,000 employees.

</doc>
<doc id="18889205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889205" title="Spy Snatcher">
Spy Snatcher

Spy Snatcher is a floppy disk-based text adventure released by Topologika Software in . It was the last professional text adventure to be released on the BBC Micro and Acorn Electron. It was also released for ZX Spectrum (+3 disk only), RISC OS, PC, Amstrad CPC, Amstrad PCW, Atari ST and Nimbus.[http://www.lysator.liu.se/adventure/Topologika_Ltd.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18889238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889238" title="Delwayne Delaney">
Delwayne Delaney

Delwayne Delaney (born 4 August 1982) is a Saint Kitts and Nevis sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres.
Individually, he competed at the 2004 World Indoor Championships without progressing from the first round. With the Saint Kitts and Nevis 4 x 100 metres relay team he finished fifth at the 2003 Central American and Caribbean Championships.
His personal best times are 10.31 seconds in the 100 metres and 20.83 seconds in the 200 metres, both achieved in July 2007 in San Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="18889250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889250" title="The Linkup">
The Linkup

The Linkup (formerly MediaMax), a spin off from Streamload (now Nirvanix), was a "social network for file sharing" and a service that let users send, receive, and store large amounts of data via the web. It was one of the first Internet based storage services (winning numerous awards) and is now one of the largest failures resulting in user data loss.
Failures.
On June 15, 2007 a system administrator's script accidentally misidentified and deleted "good data" along with the "dead data" of some 3.5 million former user accounts and files. It took until October 2007 to complete a partial restore of the data (much of it being irretrievably lost).
The Linkup finally experienced a "meltdown" on July 10, 2008 which left about 20,000 paying subscribers without their digital music, video, and photo files from August 8, 2008. In the site's place is a message saying "We're sorry, but MediaMax and The Linkup are now closed." with an affiliate link to competitor Box.net.

</doc>
<doc id="18889252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889252" title="Kodangal">
Kodangal

Kodangal is a Town and Mandal in Mahbubnagar district, Andhra Pradesh. It is named after the Kodangal Gram Panchayath. The town is also categorized as a Tehsil, Mandal, or Taluka, and constitutes 20 villages.
The major mandals in the Kodangal area are :
Assembly constituency.
It is also a Legislative Assembly constituency of the Andhra Pradesh state in India.
MLAs from Kodangal.
Members of Legislative State Assembly, who represented Kodangal.
" * In 1951 the state name was Hyderabad. It was changed to Andhra Pradesh after States Reorganisation Act of 1956"

</doc>
<doc id="18889259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889259" title="Jamial Rolle">
Jamial Rolle

Jamial Rolle (born 16 April 1980) is a Bahamian sprinter who specializes in the 200 metres.
Individually, he competed at the 2006 Commonwealth Games, but failed to progress past the quarterfinals. With the Bahamian 4 x 100 metres relay team he finished fourth at the 2003 Central American and Caribbean Championships and won a bronze medal at the 2005 Central American and Caribbean Championships.
His personal best times are 20.51 seconds in the 200 metres, and 10.26 seconds in the 100 metres.
He teamed up with Adrian Griffith Shavez Hart and Trevorvano Mackey to break the Bahamian 4x100 national record in Morelia, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18889265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889265" title="Stuart Herriot">
Stuart Herriot

Stuart Herriot (25 April 1812, Swinton & Simprim, Berwickshire – 21 February 1885 in Penang, Malaysia) was a British born trader based in Penang since the 1830s.
Herriot was a literate leader who wrote a petition of Chung Keng Quee & 44 Others, street names and a book.
Stuart Herriot had been in partnership with a George Stuart, probably a relative of his mother, as Stuart & Company, merchants & agents. This must have failed. In 1850 the Court of Directors of the East India Company discharged Herriot's insolvency. The London Gazette Issue 21149 published on the 1 November 1850. Page 3 of 30 carried the following notice:
East India-House, October 30, 1850.
"THE Court of Directors of the East India I Company hereby give notice, that they have received a Calcutta Gazette, containing the undermentioned notice, filed in the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors at Prince of Wales' Island, by Insolvent applying for his discharge, under the provisions of the 11th Victoria, cap. 21 :
Stuart Herriot, heretofore trading in copartnership, at Prince of Wales' Island, with one George Stuart (now residing in Europe), as merchants and agents, under the style and-firm of Stuart and Company. Date of Gazette containing notice, September 4, 1850.
James C. Melvill, Secretary"
He was a Penang municipal commissioner.
Stuart Herriot and Catherine Anthony (4 October 1804 in Penang – 4 October 1859 in Penang) were married in Penang, Malaya.

</doc>
<doc id="18889283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889283" title="Ofspor">
Ofspor

Ofspor is a Turkish sports club founded in 1968 and is currently playing in the TFF Second League. Their club colours are claret and blue. They play home matches in Of Şehir Stadı in Of district of Trabzon Province.

</doc>
<doc id="18889285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889285" title="Hinda, Republic of the Congo">
Hinda, Republic of the Congo

Hinda is a small town in the Republic of the Congo. It is the seat of the Kouilou Department
Transport.
It is served by a station on the Congo-Ocean Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="18889297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889297" title="David Calder (rower)">
David Calder (rower)

David Calder or Dave Calder (born ) is a Canadian rower. He was born in Victoria, British Columbia. He graduated from Brentwood College School (Mill Bay, British Columbia) in 1996.
He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympic Games in Beijing, China. He won the silver medal in the rowing event Men's coxless pair along with Scott Frandsen. They were the first Canadians to win a medal at the 2008 Olympics, when they won silver. 

</doc>
<doc id="18889298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889298" title="DRG Class E 16">
DRG Class E 16

The DRG Class E 16 were German electric locomotives in service with the Bavarian Group Administration of the Deutsche Reichsbahn were conceived as motive power for express trains. They were initially designated as the Bavarian Class ES 1, before being incorporated into the DRG numbering plan as E 16.
History.
The first series (E16 01-10) was delivered in 1926, the second (E16 11-17) in 1927. The third, re-worked series (E16 18-21) was transferred to the Deutsche Reichsbahn in 1932 and 1933.
Numbers E 16 11 and E 16 13 were lost in the Second World War, E 16 12 was retired in 1967 after an accident. With the introduction of the DB classification system on 1 January 1968, the remaining 18 Class E 16 engines were regrouped into Class 116. Between 1973 and 1980 the engines were gradually withdrawn from service. On 31 January 1980, the last Class 116 locomotive, number 116 009, was finally retired.
Design.
One technical feature is the Buchli drive, in which the motors drive the driving wheels on one side only via outside gears; the other side is not driven. As a result an E 16 has an asymmetric appearance. On one side you can see the Buchli drive, one the other just the bare spoked wheels. The E 16 is the only German locomotive class with Buchli drives.
The Brown, Boveri Cie (BBC) was responsible for the designs.
Preserved Locomotives.
The following E 16 locomotives have been preserved:

</doc>
<doc id="18889308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889308" title="Erhan Namlı">
Erhan Namlı

Erhan Namlı (born 7 May 1974 in Ankara) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Çankırı Belediye Spor in the TFF Second League.
Namlı previously played for Trabzonspor, Galatasaray S.K., Eskişehirspor and Adana Demirspor.

</doc>
<doc id="18889315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889315" title="Majid Nizami">
Majid Nizami

Majid Nizami( born 3 April 1928 is the chief editor and publisher of Nawa-i-Waqt Group of Publications of Pakistan. "Nawa-i-Waqt" was founded by Majid's brother, Hameed Nizami.
References.
2. Majid Nizami

</doc>
<doc id="18889316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889316" title="Gaston Diehl">
Gaston Diehl

Gaston Diehl (August 10, 1912 - December 12, 1999) was a French professor of art history and an art critic.
Biography.
Diehl graduated from the Institut d'Art et d'Archéologie in 1934 and the Ecole du Louvre in 1936. In October 1935, Diel and his classmates in a student group called Regain a weekly review of the same name dedicated to discuss once or twice a month of contemporary creativity with different artists in the basement of the Capoulade Quartier . Beginning 1938, he participated in the weekly magazine Marianne and keep for a year a chronicle of art called "The rostrum of Youth." In 1939 he founded the magazine Charpentes.
In October 1943, during the Nazi Occupation, Diehl founded the May Salon in Paris in a café on the Palais Royal, in opposition to the ideology of Nazism and its condemnation of degenerate art. Its other founder-members were Henri-Georges Adam, Emmanuel Auricoste, Lucien Coutaud, Robert Couturier, Jacques Despierre, Marcel Gili, Leon Gischia, Francis Gruber, René Iché, Jean Le Moal, Alfred Manessier, André Marchand, Edouard Pignon, Gustave Singier, Claude Venard and Roger Vieillard. Several of them (Coutaud, Gischia, Iché, Le Moal, Manessier, Marchand, Pignon, Singier) had in 1941 participated in the exhibition of Twenty young painters of French tradition. The first May Salon took place at the Galerie Pierre Maurs from May 29 to June 29, 1945. 
Diehl created in October 1944 the Movement of Friends of Art for the dissemination of the modern art through lectures, screenings, films, educational exhibitions particularly in the provinces. He was close to Rouault, and the young painters of French tradition which he prefaced exhibitions from 1943 at the Galerie de France, he also helped with the exhibitions of Bonnard, Matisse, Picasso, Villon, Braque, Bernard Buffet and Hans Hartung, and thus, according including the testimony of Pierre Restany " was very conscious writer who had a foot in the first half of his century and another in the second." In 1948, he played a role in the creation of the International Film Festival of Art and contributed to the films: Van Gogh (1948), which won an Academy Award for Live Action Short Film in 1950 and Gauguin (1950) with Alain Resnais and Christmas galantes (Watteau) (1950) with Jean Aurel.
In September 1950 he was appointed professor by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Venezuela at the Central University of Venezuela and the School of Fine Arts where he taught art history. As a cultural attache at the embassy, he also directed the Franco-Venezuelan Institute, and wrote articles in the press in Europe and Latin America. He helped artists like Carlos Cruz-Diez and Jesús-Rafael Soto to gain recognition in Europe.
From 1950 to 1966, he played a similar role in Morocco following in the footsteps of Delacroix and Matisse. In February 1966, he directed the Bureau des Expositions de l'Action Artistique, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and took until his retirement in 1977 the task of start with the help of curators, critics and friends of exhibitions in France at the Grand and Petit Palais and the Louvre (including The Treasury Toutankamon in 1960). 
Diehl continued until his death to support art in all its forms and in the world and was elected President of the Museum of Latin America in 1983, and helped introduce Latin American artists at the House of Latin America in Monte Carlo from 1986 to 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18889317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889317" title="Alette Sijbring">
Alette Sijbring

Alette Sijbring (born 20 March 1982 in Zierikzee) is a water polo player of the Netherlands who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
Sijbring was part of the team that finished fifth at the 2001 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Budapest and 9th at the 2001 FINA Women's World Water Polo Championship in Fukuoka. After that she was also selected for the team that became 10th at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships in Montreal. At the 2006 FINA Women's Water Polo World League in Cosenza and the 2006 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Belgrade they finished in fifth place, followed by the 9th spot at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in Melbourne. The Dutch team finished in fifth place at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Malaga and they qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. There they ended up winning the gold medal on 21 August, beating the United States 9-8 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18889325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889325" title="Yasemin Smit">
Yasemin Smit

Yasemin Smit (born 21 November 1984 in Amsterdam) is a water polo player of the Netherlands who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
Smit was part of the team that became 10th at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships in Montreal. At the 2006 FINA Women's Water Polo World League in Cosenza and the 2006 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Belgrade they finished in fifth place, followed by the 9th spot at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in Melbourne. The Dutch team finished in fifth place at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Malaga and they qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. There they ended up winning the gold medal on 21 August, beating the United States 9-8 in the final.
She has played for the Greek giants Olympiacos, winning the Greek Championship in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18889335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889335" title="José Carlos Moreira">
José Carlos Moreira

José Carlos Gomes Moreira (born 28 September 1983 in Codó) is a Brazilian sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres. His personal best time is 10.16 seconds, achieved in June 2007 in Cochabamba.
He competed at the 2006 World Indoor Championships, the 2007 World Championships, the 2008 World Indoor Championships and the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final. In Beijing he competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed 3rd in his heat after Tyson Gay and Olusoji Fasuba in a time of 10.29 seconds. He qualified for the second round in which he failed to qualify for the semi finals with a time of 10.32 and only the sixth time of his heat. Together with Sandro Viana, Vicente de Lima and Bruno de Barros he also competed at the 4x100 metres relay. In their qualification heat they placed fourth behind Trinidad and Tobago, Japan and the Netherlands. Their time of 39.01 was the seventh out of sixteen participating nations in the first round and they qualified for the final. There they sprinted to a time of 38.24 seconds, the fourth time after the Jamaican, Trinidad and Japanese teams.

</doc>
<doc id="18889336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889336" title="Adriana Serra">
Adriana Serra

Adriana Serra (born 27 November 1923) is an Italian film actress. She appeared in 18 films between 1943 and 1952. She was born in Milan, Italy. She was Miss Italia in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="18889341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889341" title="Roberto Vacchi">
Roberto Vacchi

Roberto Vacchi (born November 28, 1965 in Stockholm) is an Italian-Swedish retired racing cyclist and a sports commentator on Eurosport. He commentates for a variety of sports but is most known for his cycling coverage together with Anders Adamson.
Biography.
Roberto Vacchi was born in Stockholm in 1965, to his two Italian parents who emigrated to Sweden in the 1950s. At the age of 9, his family moved back to Italy to La Spezia where he discovered competitive cycling. After a few years in Italy they moved back to Sweden. There he continued his career in cycling with Hammarby IF (1978–79), Spårvägens GoIF (1980–1991) and in 1992 Västerås CK, where he ended his career, tired of the bad economic situation that came with competitive cycling at elite level.
In 1993, whilst working for the Swedish Cycling Association, Eurosport approached Vacchi with an offer to commentate cycling on TV. In the beginning he did not comment much, but eventually it became a full-time job. He has credited Bengt Grive as his mentor during the first years at Eurosport.
Vacchi is known for his enthusiastic commentary on cycling races and for his vast knowledge of the sport as well as being able to give detailed geographical, cultural and historical information on places around the tours. Together with his colleague Anders Adamson, Vacchi is often considered one of Sweden's best sport commentators. His favourite cyclist is Italian Fausto Coppi.
Vacchi also works as the press director for the Swedish Ski Association and as the editor-in-chief of the cross-country skiing magazine "Glid".

</doc>
<doc id="18889350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889350" title="Moravičany">
Moravičany

Moravičany is a village and municipality ("obec") in Šumperk District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.
The municipality covers an area of , and has a population of 1,198 (as at 2 October 2006).
Moravičany lies approximately south of Šumperk, north-west of Olomouc, and east of Prague. The most important landmark in the village is Saint George's Church.

</doc>
<doc id="18889354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889354" title="Daniel Grueso">
Daniel Grueso

Daniel Alfonso Grueso Barco (born 30 July 1985 in Tuluá) is a Colombian sprinter who specializes in the 100 and 200 metres. His personal best time is 10.17 seconds in the 100 metres, achieved in November 2008 in Cali, and 20.49 seconds in the 200 metres, achieved in April 2010 in Mayagüez.
He finished eighth in 200 m at the 2004 World Junior Championships. He also competed at the 2007 World Championships and the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final. However, in Beijing he qualified for the second round after finishing fourth in his heat behind Asafa Powell, Kim Collins and Craig Pickering. His time of 10.35 was the fifth fastest losing time after the 10.25 of Nobuharu Asahara, advancing him to the second round. In that second round he finished in a time of 10.37 seconds, which was the eighth and last time of the heat, causing elimination. He also took part in the 200 metres individual, where he was eliminated after the first round as he placed seventh in his heat in a time of 21.15 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="18889355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889355" title="Typhoon Rammasun (2008)">
Typhoon Rammasun (2008)

Typhoon Rammasun (International designation: 0802, JTWC designation: 03W, PAGASA name: Butchoy) was recognized as the second typhoon of the 2008 Pacific typhoon season by the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) and the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA). Rammasun was also recognised as the third tropical storm, the second typhoon and the first super typhoon of the 2008 Pacific typhoon season by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC).
Rammasun formed on May 5 as a tropical disturbance. The next day the Joint Typhoon Warning Center issued a tropical cyclone formation alert on the developing disturbance. On May 7 both the JTWC and the Japan Meteorological Agency designated the disturbance as a tropical depression, while PAGASA named the depression Butchoy. Later that day both the JMA and the JTWC upgraded the depression to a tropical storm with the JMA naming the storm Rammasun. On May 9 both the JTWC and the JMA upgraded Rammasun to a typhoon. The next day the JMA and the JTWC reported that Rammasun had reached its peak winds of 195 km/h (120 mph) and 250 km/h (155 mph) respectively, which made Rammasun a Category 4 super typhoon on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. After reaching its peak intensity, Rammasun weakened and was downgraded to severe tropical storm on May 12, before the JTWC declared it extratropical and issued their final advisory. The JMA did not issue their final advisory until several hours later. Within Japan an estimated 10 hectares (24.7 acres) of farmland were damaged. In all, the typhoon killed four people, injured 40 others and caused $9.6 million (2008 USD) worth of damage in both the Philippines and Japan.
Meteorological history.
On May 4, 2008, an area of low pressure formed in the Pacific Ocean to the southeast of Yap. The next day, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) upgraded the area of low pressure to a tropical disturbance and assessed the disturbances chances of forming into a significant tropical cyclone within 24 hours as poor. This was because the developing low level circulation center was weak. Early on May 6, the JTWC upgraded the disturbances chances of forming into a tropical cyclone within 24 hours to "fair", as the low level circulation center had consolidated further. A tropical cyclone formation alert was then issued later that day, by the JTWC who upgraded the disturbance's chances of becoming a tropical cyclone by the next day as good.
Early the next day both the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) and the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) designated the tropical disturbance as a tropical depression with PAGASA assigning the local name of Butchoy to the depression. At this time the depression was located 790 km, (490 miles), to the east of Mindanao in the Philippines. Later that morning the JMA started to issue full advisories on the tropical depression as forecasts showed that the depression could become a tropical storm within 24 hours. The JTWC then designated the depression as Tropical Depression 02W. Later that day both the JTWC and the JMA reported that the depression intensified into a tropical storm, with the JMA assigning the name "Rammasun" to the storm.
Rammasun continued to intensify and was designated as a severe tropical storm late on May 8. The next day both the JMA and the JTWC reported that Rammasun had intensified into a typhoon. Later that day the JTWC reported that the typhoon had rapidly intensified within the last six hours and had become a Category 3 typhoon on the Saffir Simpson Hurricane Scale. At the same time the JMA were reporting that Rammasun had winds of 150 km/h (90 mph). The typhoon then continued to intensify quickly with the JMA reporting that Rammasun had winds of 160 km/h (100 mph), the JTWC then reported that Rammasun had become a Category 4 typhoon with winds of 225 km/h (140 mph). Later that day both the JMA and the JTWC reported that the typhoon had reached its peak winds. The JMA reported peak winds of 195 km/h (120 mph) whilst the JTWC reported that Rammasun had peak winds of 250 km/h (155 mph), making it a category 4 super typhoon. Typhoon Rammasun's minimum pressure was officially estimated at 915 hPa which tied with Intense Tropical Cyclone Hondo as second strongest storm of 2008.
The JTWC kept Rammasun as a super typhoon until early on May 11, when they reported that the typhoon had weakened into a category four typhoon, while the JMA were reporting that the typhoon had wind speeds of 175 km/h (110 mph). Later that day both agencies reported that the typhoon had weakened even further, with the JMA reporting that Rammasun had winds of 160 km/h (100 mph), while the JTWC reported that Rammasun had weakened into a Category 3 typhoon. The JTWC then reported within their next advisory that Rammasun had weakened into a Category 2 typhoon whilst the JMA reported that the typhoon had winds of 140 km/h (90 mph). The next day as the Typhoon moved out of PAGASA's area of responsibility Rammasun was downgraded to a Category 1 typhoon by the JTWC. Later that day the JMA downgraded Rammasun to a Severe Tropical Storm whilst the JTWC downgraded it to an extratropical cyclone and released their final advisory on the system. The JMA continued to issue advisories on severe tropical storm Rammasun until early the next day when they downgraded it to an extratropical low.
Naming, preparations and impact.
The name "Rammasun" was one of the 10 original names submitted by Thailand to the ESCAP/WMO Typhoon Committee for use from January 1, 2000. Rammasun is the Thai god for thunder. The name was last used in the 2002 Pacific typhoon season. The Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) also assigned the local name of "Butchoy" to Rammasun; the name "Butchoy" was last used by PAGASA to name a tropical depression in the Philippines in 2004 to name Tropical Storm 02W.
Within the Philippines, PAGASA issued no public storm warning signals, as the storm was too far away from the country to prompt the issuance of such advisories. However, they did warn that the cyclone was expected to enhance the southwest monsoon and bring rain over Central and Southern Luzon, Visayas and Mindanao.
Philippines.
On May 12, a father of two drowned in rough seas produced by Rammasun after saving his children. Later that day, a boat carrying 17 people capsized due to rough seas produced by the typhoon. All of the passengers were rescued the following day by the Philippine Coast Guard. Heavy rains from the outer bands of Rammasun triggered flooding and mudslides in the Philippines. Strong winds also downed numerous trees, one of which, measured at in diameter, fell on three forest guards, killing two and critically injuring the other. In Jaro, Iloilo City, a swollen river overflowed its banks, inundating the district. Local reports stated that water in the area was waist-deep in places. In Cauayan, a 15-year-old girl drowned after being washed away while crossing a bridge. Flooding in Hinoba-an, Negros Occidental destroyed six homes and damaged 24 others. An estimated 3,153 families were affected by the storm in the Philippines. A strong extratropical storm from the "tail" of the former typhoon struck the Philippines after Rammasun had become extratropical. The associated winds caused severe damage to buildings, and numerous trees were uprooted. The damage may have been due to a possible tornado, although this possibility is not confirmed. At least 40 people were injured and damage totaled to PHP 61 million ($1.2 million USD).
Japan.
On May 12, the Japan Meteorological Agency issued warnings for the Tokyo area as Rammasun was forecast to make landfall near the city. As Rammasun became extratropical, the storm brushed the Japanese coastline on May 13, producing winds gusting up to 85 km/h (50 mph) and high waves for several hours. An estimated 10 hectares (24.7 acres) of farmland were damaged. Damage from the storm amounted to ¥770 million ($8.4 million 2008 USD) in agricultural losses.

</doc>
<doc id="18889362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889362" title="Dukljan">
Dukljan

Dukljan or Dukljanin () is a figure in Serbian mythology that is a reflection of the Roman emperor Diocletian. He is presented as the adversary of God, possibly because of the real Diocletian's persecution of Christians.
Legends attribute to him building of the town of Duklja, Dukljan's border, and the Roman milestones near Tuzi (according to a folktale, he was throwing them at his brother and sister as they were fleeing to Hum).
A Serbian folk song about Dukljan says that he once removed the Sun from the sky and brought it to the Earth. Saint John managed to trick him and restore the Sun, but afterwards, while chasing him, Dukljan grabbed at him and tore a piece of flesh from John's foot, which explains why humans have arches of the foot.
Several variants of a story that he is still alive; according to them he is chained in the Morača river near Duklja (the Vizier's bridge). In some of them, he constantly gnaws at his chains, and each year around Christmas (or around Đurđevdan) nearly manages to break free and destroy the world, when four Gypsy blacksmiths reforge the chains.

</doc>
<doc id="18889373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889373" title="Andrew Hinds">
Andrew Hinds

Andrew Hinds (born 25 April 1984) is a Barbadian sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres. His personal best time is 10.03 seconds in the 100 metres, achieved in Bridgetown, and 20.38 seconds in the 200 metres, achieved in Bridgetown.
He was a bronze medalist in the 200 metres at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games, a bronze medalist in the 100m at the 2009 Central American and Caribbean Championships, and a silver medalist in the 100m at the 2013 Central American and Caribbean Championships
Hinds has represented Barbados at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, and competed at the IAAF 2011 World Championships in Athletics, where he reached the semi finals.

</doc>
<doc id="18889381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889381" title="Brahan Castle">
Brahan Castle

Brahan Castle was situated south-west of Dingwall, in Easter Ross, Scotland. The castle belonged to the Earls of Seaforth, chiefs of the Clan Mackenzie, who dominated the area.
History.
Brahan Castle was built by Colin Mackenzie, 1st Earl of Seaforth in 1611. Kenneth Mackenzie, a labourer on the estate, was a reputed seer who made a number of prophecies in the later 17th century. He is remembered as the Brahan Seer. 
The Mackenzies were prominent Jacobites, and took part in the Jacobite risings of 1715, 1719 and 1745. The Siege of Brahan took place in November 1715. William Mackenzie, 5th Earl of Seaforth, was attainted, forfeiting the estate, which in 1725 became the headquarters of General Wade during his "pacification" of the Highlands. After a later Jacobite rising of 1745, the Mackenzies were the first clan to surrender, being forced to swear allegiance to the British Crown on the steps of the castle.
The estate was later sold back to the Mackenzie family, although the direct line of descent died out in 1781. The estate passed to Francis Mackenzie, 1st Baron Seaforth who carried out tree planting in the grounds. On his death without heir in 1815 Brahan passed to the Stewart-Mackenzies. During the first half of the 19th century, the castle was rebuilt and extended as a large country house. 
James Stewart-Mackenzie was created Baron Seaforth in 1921, but on his death without heir in 1923, he left the estate to a trust. Brahan Castle was briefly requisitioned during World War II, and after the war its condition deteriorated. In the early 1950s the building was demolished, leaving only the north wall of the 19th century building, which served as a garden ornament. The stable block survives, and is now known as Brahan House. Several heraldic panels and other decorative stones are preserved in the house.
A monument on the estate, around west of the site of the castle, commemorates the death in 1823 of Caroline Mackenzie, daughter of the last earl, who died after being thrown from a pony carriage near the same location.

</doc>
<doc id="18889394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889394" title="Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1944–1947">
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1944–1947

This is a list of members of the South Australian House of Assembly from 1944 to 1947, as elected at the 1944 state election:

</doc>
<doc id="18889396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889396" title="Shanghai World Foreign Language Middle School">
Shanghai World Foreign Language Middle School

The school is divided into two campuses. 

</doc>
<doc id="18889399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889399" title="Arnoldo Foà">
Arnoldo Foà

Arnoldo Foà (24 January 1916 – 11 January 2014) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in more than 130 films between 1938 and 2014.
Biography.
Foà was born in Ferrara, Italy to a Jewish family, though Foà was an atheist in his adult life. Foà completed high school in Florence, where he moved with his family, and studied at the acting school of Rasi. He abandoned his studies in economics and at age 20 moved to Rome, where he attended the Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia. Foà died on January 11, 2014 after a brief respiratory illness, 13 days before his 98th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="18889403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889403" title="Ángel David Rodríguez">
Ángel David Rodríguez

Ángel David Rodríguez García (born 25 April 1980) is a Spanish sprinter. He specializes in the 100 metres. His personal best time is 10.14 seconds in the 100 metres, achieved in July 2008 in Salamanca, and 20.61 seconds in the 200 metres, achieved in July 2008 in Barcelona.
Rodríguez finished eighth in 100 m and 4×100 m relay at the 2002 World Cup. He also competed at the 2006 European Championships, the 2007 World Championships, the 2008 World Indoor Championships, the 2008 Olympic Games and the 2012 Olympic Games without reaching the final. In Beijing, he competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed 4th in his heat in a time of 10.34 seconds. Only the first three of each heat qualified, but his time was the third fastest losing time after Nobuharu Asahara's 10.25, advancing him to the next round. There he came to 10.35 but was eliminated after he finished in 8th place in his heat. He also took part in the 200 metres individual, finishing fourth with a time of 20.87 seconds in his first round heat. With 20.96 seconds in his second round he only placed eighth in his heat, which was not enough for the semi-finals.
Rodríguez was featured in Castrol's "Ronaldo: Tested to the Limit" when he ran against Cristiano Ronaldo over a 25-metre straight sprint, in which he beat Ronaldo 0.30 seconds, and a 25-metre zig-zag course, in which Ronaldo beat him by 0.51 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="18889413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889413" title="Meisho Samson">
Meisho Samson

Meisho Samson (Japanese : メイショウサムソン, March 7, 2003 - ) is a Japanese racehorse which won the Tokyo Yūshun and Satsuki Sho in 2006, and the Tenno Sho (Spring and Autumn) in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18889422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889422" title="Carlos Berlanga (athlete)">
Carlos Berlanga (athlete)

Carlos Berlanga (born 9 June 1972) is a retired Spanish sprinter, who specialized in the 100 metres. 
Berlanga finished seventh in 4 x 100 m relay at the 1997 World Championships, together with teammates Frutos Feo, Venancio José and Jordi Mayoral. He also finished eighth in 4 x 100 m relay at the 2002 World Cup.
His personal best time is 10.29 seconds, achieved in July 1996 in Monachil.

</doc>
<doc id="18889455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889455" title="Pina Gallini">
Pina Gallini

Pina Gallini (19 March 1888 – 31 January 1974) was an Italian film actress. She appeared in 82 films between 1935 and 1963.
She was born in Bondeno, Italy and died in Bologna, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18889457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889457" title="Nakaluluwag">
Nakaluluwag

Nakaluluwag or "nakakaluwag" (variants: "nakakaluwang" or "nakaluluwang") is a Filipino ethic wherein the well-off are socially and morally obligated to help those in need. In Hiligaynon, the term is "nakaalwan". It comes from the blending of the Chinese concept of "wo" (peace and harmony), the Malay culture of familiarity even to distant relatives and other clan members, and the Christian teaching of helping the poor. Traditional Chinese believed that in order to have peace and harmony in a kingdom or empire, there should be no extremes in wealth and poverty. Thus, those who are wealthy should give some of their wealth to those living in destitution. Thus, the poor will not take arms and revolt against those living in opulence. With the introduction of Christian teachings by the Spanish missionaries starting in the 16th Century, the indigenous Filipino ethic was somehow refined to benevolence to all those in need, in general. The term and its variants have been incorporated in a number of Tagalog idioms and proverbs. Through the Spanish and the American colonial periods, and even the Japanese Occupation, as linguistic categorization emerges in the Filipino language as a representation of Filipino world view and causality, the concept of "nakaluluwag" further modified social perception and thereby leads to a continual interaction between the Filipino language and philosophy. 
In some Filipino artworks, those in need are pictured as tightly clinging to what they have, and come into grips. While those who are well-off are pictured as willing to let go of some of their possessions for those in need. "Maluwag" or "maluwang" literally means lightly held, loose, or spacious. It may also imply sufficient freedom to move around or having a comfortable space to work on. The term implies willingness in giving and helping: ""maluwag sa kalooban"" and those familiar with accounting concepts often substitute the term "liquid" as in ""Liquid" ka ba ngayon? Puede bang makahiram?" ("Are you "liquid" at this time? Can you lend me some amount?").
Even some Filipino grade school children form small informal cooperatives and do "paluwagan" which is essentially a group money lending scheme. However, the term "magpaluwal" has become synonymous with simple money lending, while the ethic "nakaluluwag" involves giving. 
This Filipino ethic of giving includes some sacrifice on the part of the giver: the person giving (nakaluluwag) should at the very least, feel some discomfort. One should "get hurt" by his or her act of giving. Otherwise the essence of sacrifice will be absent. This is similar but not identical to the Christian lesson of the widow's mite present in the Synoptic Gospels (, ,).
The concept also includes relativism: some may be poor but they can consider themselves "nakaluluwag" to those who are much poorer, as rendered in a Tagalog commentary on . Interestingly, even Filipino converts to the Church of the Latter-Day Saints (Mormon) translates the phrase "the rich" as "nakaluluwag". Those taking the Conflict theory approach to the study of society may suspect the true intentions of the "nakaluluwag". However, some consider more than the financial aspect of the concept. The ethic involves fulfillment in doing a social obligation. This Filipino concept appears to be present even for the Filipino emigrants.
According to Antonio Levy S. Ingles Jr. of De La Salle-College of Saint Benilde, in the dissertation he is working on at the Asian Social Institute and in a paper he read in an international conference on social sciences and humanities held at Universiti Sains Malaysia in 2008, such Filipino ethic is priceless and may bring about peace and harmony during times of crisis. He claims that "it is a Filipino affirmation of a sustainable world view and global care-giving ethic".

</doc>
<doc id="18889463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889463" title="Matt Ryan (rower)">
Matt Ryan (rower)

Matt Ryan (born 23 June 1984 in Sydney) is an Australian rower who has represented at two Olympics. 
Ryan competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where he won a silver medal in Coxless four. In London 2012 he rowed in the Australian men's VIII.

</doc>
<doc id="18889465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889465" title="Francis Hegerty">
Francis Hegerty

Francis Hegerty (born 22 September 1982 in Canberra) is an Australian rower who has represented at two Olympics. 
He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where he won a silver medal in Coxless four. In London 2012 he rowed in the Australian men's VIII.

</doc>
<doc id="18889467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889467" title="Jordi Mayoral">
Jordi Mayoral

Jordi Antônio Mayoral Rodríguez (born 18 May 1973 in Girona) is a retired Spanish sprinter who specialized in the 200 metres. 
He finished seventh in 4×100 m relay at the 1997 World Championships, together with teammates Frutos Feo, Venancio José and Carlos Berlanga.
His personal best time is 20.63 seconds, achieved in July 1995 in Vitoria. He has 10.28 seconds in the 100 metres, achieved in July 1996 in Monachil.

</doc>
<doc id="18889468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889468" title="Cameron McKenzie-McHarg">
Cameron McKenzie-McHarg

Cameron McKenzie-McHarg (born 17 April 1980 in Leongatha, and educated at Scotch College, Melbourne) is an Australian rower. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where he won a silver medal in Coxless four.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the men's eight.

</doc>
<doc id="18889469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889469" title="James Marburg">
James Marburg

James Marburg (born 27 December 1982) is an Australian rower. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where he won a silver medal in the Coxless four.

</doc>
<doc id="18889474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889474" title="Julien Desprès">
Julien Desprès

Julien Desprès (born May 12, 1983 in Clamart) is a French rower. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where he won a bronze medal in Coxless four.

</doc>
<doc id="18889475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889475" title="Williamstown (East Lothian) railway station">
Williamstown (East Lothian) railway station

Williamstown railway station was a railway station on the North Berwick Branch of the North British Railway in East Lothian, Scotland. This short lived station was the temporary terminus of the branch line from Drem. The station was named after a nearby farm, the modern spelling of which is Williamston.
History.
Williamstown was a temporary station built to serve the town of North Berwick until the permanent terminus in the town was completed. It was open from 13 August 1849, when the branch from Drem opened, until 17 June 1850 when North Berwick and Dirleton stations opened. The station at Williamstown was then removed, and no trace of it now remains.
Had the Aberlady, Gullane and North Berwick Railway completed their projected line, it would have formed a junction with the North Berwick branch just south of Williamston. However, the line did not progress any further than Gullane.
The former North Berwick gasworks at Ferrygate was a short distance south-west of Williamston. The gasworks was once an important customer for the railway, receiving large quantities of coal. The gasworks closed in 1972, by which time its two sidings (controlled by a ground frame) were already out of use.

</doc>
<doc id="18889478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889478" title="Dorian Mortelette">
Dorian Mortelette

Dorian Mortelette (born November 24, 1983 in Martigues) is a French rower. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where he won a bronze medal in Coxless four.

</doc>
<doc id="18889480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889480" title="Nycteroleter">
Nycteroleter

Nycteroleter is a genus of Nycteroleteridae. 

</doc>
<doc id="18889483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889483" title="Benjamin Rondeau">
Benjamin Rondeau

Benjamin Rondeau (born October 1, 1983 in Verdun) is a French rower. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where he won a bronze medal in Coxless four.

</doc>
<doc id="18889484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889484" title="Germain Chardin">
Germain Chardin

Germain Chardin (born May 15, 1983 in Verdun) is a French rower. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where he won a bronze medal in Coxless four. He also competed at the 2010 World Rowing Championships, where he won a gold medal in Coxless four.
In 2012 he won silver medal in M2-.

</doc>
<doc id="18889488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889488" title="Venancio José">
Venancio José

Venancio José Murcía (born 19 April 1976 in Cartagena, Murcia) is a retired Spanish sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres. 
He finished seventh in 4×100 m relay at the 1997 World Championships, together with teammates Frutos Feo, Jordi Mayoral and Carlos Berlanga.
His personal best 100 metres time is 10.17 seconds, achieved in August 2000 in Castellón. His personal best 200 metres time is 20.59 seconds, achieved in September 1997 in Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="18889490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889490" title="Leptopleuron">
Leptopleuron

Leptopleuron is a genus of an extinct procolophonid that lived in dry lands of the late Triassic of Scotland. Its fossils were found in Lossiemouth Sandstone. "Leptopleuron" was a small, lizard-like animal that reached 40 cm long.

</doc>
<doc id="18889495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889495" title="Frutos Feo">
Frutos Feo

Frutos Feo Pérez (born 1 January 1972 in Zamora) is a retired Spanish sprinter who specialized in the 100 metres. 
He finished seventh in 4 x 100 metres relay at the 1997 World Championships, together with teammates Venancio José, Jordi Mayoral and Carlos Berlanga.
His personal best time is 10.22 seconds, achieved in July 1996 in Monachil.

</doc>
<doc id="18889499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889499" title="Carlo Croccolo">
Carlo Croccolo

Carlo Croccolo (born 9 April 1927) is an Italian film actor and dubber. He has appeared in over 100 films since 1949. He was born in Naples, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18889501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889501" title="Stefano Carozzo">
Stefano Carozzo

Stefano Carozzo (born 17 January 1979 in Savona) is a male Italian fencer. He won the bronze medal in the men's team épée event at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18889504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889504" title="Alfredo Rota">
Alfredo Rota

Alfredo Rota (born 21 July 1975) is an Italian fencer. He won the bronze medal in the men's team épée event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He also won the Olympic gold medal in Men's Team Épée at the 2000 Sydney Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18889505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889505" title="Diego Confalonieri">
Diego Confalonieri

Diego Confalonieri (born 11 April 1979) is a male Italian fencer. He won the bronze medal in the men's team épée event at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Record Against Selected Opponents.
Includes results from all competitions 2006–present and athletes who have reached the quarterfinals at the World Championships or Olympic Games, plus those who have medaled in major team competitions. 

</doc>
<doc id="18889517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889517" title="Óscar Brayson">
Óscar Brayson

Óscar Brayson (also spelled "Braison"; born February 10, 1985) is a Cuban judoka. Born in Camagüey, he won the bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18889518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889518" title="John O'Hanlon (politician)">
John O'Hanlon (politician)

John Frederick O'Hanlon (4 November 1872 – 22 December 1956) was an Irish politician and journalist. He stood unsuccessfully as a Farmers' Party candidate at the Cavan by-election on 11 March 1925. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as an independent Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cavan constituency at the June 1927 general election. He was re-elected at the September 1927 and 1932 general elections. He contested the 1933 general election as a National Centre Party candidate but did not retain his seat.

</doc>
<doc id="18889521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889521" title="Dablot Prejjesne">
Dablot Prejjesne

Dablot Prejjesne (also called Dablo) is a two-player strategy board game from the Lappland region of Sweden. Dablot Prejessne in Laplandish actually means "To play Dablo on a board". The game represents the struggle between the Sami tribal people and the landowners.
Description.
The Sami people are represented in this game with one piece representing the Sami King ("gånneka"), one piece representing the Sami Prince ("gånnekan alke"), and 28 pieces representing their soldiers or warriors ("dårake"), . The landowners are represented with one piece representing the landowner, one piece representing the landowner's son, and 28 pieces representing their peasants. The game is a relative of draughts and Alquerque. Pieces leap over one another to capture. However, the similarities basically end there. In draughts and Alquerque, any piece can capture "any" enemy piece whether that enemy piece is a King or not. In Dablot Prejessne, pieces can only capture each other if they are of the same rank or lower. They cannot capture pieces of a higher rank. The Sami King and the landowner are the highest ranked pieces and are equal in rank, therefore, they can capture each other and all other pieces. The Sami Prince and the landowner's son are the second highest ranked pieces, and are of equal rank. The Sami Prince can not capture the landowner, and likewise, the landowner's son can not capture the Sami King. However, they can capture each other, and all the other pieces. The 28 soldiers or warriors and the 28 peasants are the lowest ranked pieces. The 28 soldiers or warriors can not capture the landowner or the landowner's son. Likewise, the 28 peasants cannot capture the Sami King or the Sami Prince. However, they can capture each other. All pieces do move alike, and can move and capture in any direction. There is no promotion of pieces in Dablot Prejjesne. 
Its closest relative in the draught family may be Italian checkers and Italian Damone. In all these games, a lower rank piece can not capture a higher rank piece. However, in Dablot Prejjesne ranks are pre-determined, and never change, whereas, in Italian checkers, pieces must be promoted to King in order to gain higher rank. In Italian Damone there are pre-determined ranked pieces also, however, it is played on an 8 x 8 draughts board with far less pieces as compared to Dablot Prejjesne. 
The board used is very similar to that of Kharbaga. The difference is that in Kharbaga, the board is 4 x 4 or 5 x 5 whereas in Dablot Prejjesne, the board is 6 x 7.
Goal.
A player wins if it captures all their opponent's pieces. There are additional winning conditions common in variants; see the rules section below. A draw is possible by mutual agreement or after a number of turns made by each player without a capture.
Equipment.
The board used is a 6 (width) x 7 (length) grid board with diagonal lines running through each "square" of the board. Pieces are placed on the intersections between gridlines similar to Alquerque and its variants, instead of within the square spaces as in other draughts variants.
Each player has 30 pieces total. One player traditionally plays the Sami tribe which can be the red or white colored pieces, and one player plays the landowner party which can be the black colored pieces.
The Sami tribe consist of 1 Sami King piece, 1 Sami Prince piece, and 28 soldiers or warriors (referred to as soldiers in this article). 
The Landowner party consist of 1 Landowner piece, 1 Landowner's Son piece, and 28 peasants.
For simplicity, both sides' pieces can be referred to by the names of the Sami side (King, Prince and Soldiers), as the distinction between the names for each side's pieces has no significant in-game meaning. This article will however use the appropriate names for each side.
Rules and gameplay.
1. Players decide what colors to play, and who starts first.
2. The 28 soldiers or peasants are initially set up on each player's half of the board, on each intersection of the gridlines of the first 5 ranks (including the intersections of the diagonals in between the "main" orthogonal grid). The Sami Prince is placed on the sixth rank, on the intersection of diagonals to that player's farthest right. The Sami King is placed on the seventh rank, at the right edge of the board (please refer to the image above and the first external link below for a visual description of the initial setup for both Sami tribe and landowner party). Similarly, the Landowner's Son and Landowner are placed on that player's farthest right on the sixth and seventh rank, respectively.
3. All pieces move alike. A piece moves one space along one of the gridlines to any adjacent, unoccupied intersection. All pieces can move forward or backward at any time. Only one piece may be moved per turn, or used to capture.
4. Pieces may capture other pieces by jumping over them, similar to draughts. The piece must jump over a single adjacent opposing piece, and land on an unoccupied space on the exact opposite side of the jumped piece from its starting location. The jumped opposing piece is removed from play. A piece cannot jump over two opposing pieces in one jump, nor may it jump over a piece of its own color or jump over a piece into a space that is occupied (whether by that player or his opponent). A piece can make multiple jumps in one turn, even changing direction from one jump to the next, as long as the prior rules are followed.
4a. As the original rules for Dablot Prejjesne are not completely known, it is unknown if capturing was originally compulsory. However, in modern play of the game, similar to other draughts variants, a player who has an available capture or chain of captures is required to make the capture(s). If the player has a choice regarding two or more pieces that can be used to capture, or between two or more "paths" for multiple captures by a single piece, the player may choose freely which piece to use or which sequence of captures to make, but cannot choose not to capture if one is possible.
5. Pieces can only capture opposing pieces of equal or lower rank. The Sami King and Landowner are the highest ranked pieces and are of equal rank to one another, therefore, they can capture each other, and all the other pieces. The Sami Prince and the Landowner's Son are the second highest ranked pieces, and cannot capture the Sami King or Landowner; however, they can capture each other, and the other lower pieces. The Sami soldiers and peasants are the lowest ranked pieces. They can not capture the Sami King or Sami Prince, or the Landowner or Landowner's Son; however, they can capture each other. This is a primary difference between Dablot and most other draughts variants.
6. There is no promotion of pieces in this game; a player cannot recover a captured King, Landowner, Prince or Son, or augment their numbers of these pieces.
Variations.
Some variants of this game include additional winning conditions which further speed the pace of the game, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="18889524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889524" title="Middleton Reef">
Middleton Reef

Middleton Reef is a coral reef in the Tasman Sea. It is separated by a deep oceanic pass some 45 km wide from nearby Elizabeth Reef, forming part of the Lord Howe Rise underwater plateau. It is around 220 km from Lord Howe Island and 555 km from the coast of New South Wales. In 1997 the Environment, Sport and Territories Legislation Amendment Bill 1996 included the reef in Australia's Coral Sea Islands Territory.
It is among the southernmost platform reefs in the world. Despite its relatively high latitude, there is a wide variety of flora and fauna on the reef and in the surrounding waters, due to converging tropical and temperate ocean currents.
It is about 8.9 km long by 6.3 km wide. At low tide most of the reef flat is exposed, at high tide only one cay is visible, The Sound, 100 m by 70 m and one metre above sea level.
The reefs form the Elizabeth and Middleton Reefs Marine National Park Reserve managed by the Government of Australia under the Natural Heritage Trust.
Flora and fauna.
Surveys by the Australian Institute of Marine Science have highlighted healthy numbers of black cod "Epinephelus daemelii", a threatened species in NSW waters. The survey in 2003 highlighted 111 species of coral and identified 181 species of fish. The number of recorded fish species is 311 across several surveys. High numbers of Galapagos sharks "Carcharhinus galapagensis" were observed at Elizabeth Reef, and may indicate that the reef is a nursery. Sea cucumber (black teatfish), "Holothuria whitmaei", were also found in high numbers at Elizabeth Reef. While the 2003 survey found only small numbers of crown-of-thorns starfish, a survey in 2005 indicated that that species is now active.
Shipwrecks.
Along with Elizabeth Reef, the reef has been the site of numerous shipwrecks. According to the National Shipwrecks Database the ships stranded include:
"Middleton Reef:" Agnes Napier, Annasona, Blue Jacket, Britannia, Defender, Maelgwyn, Mallsgate, Mary Lawson, Queen of the East, Stuart Russel
Britannia is listed for both Elizabeth and Middleton Reefs.
The yacht Sospan Fach was wrecked on Middleton Reef in 1974 and its crew of five were rescued after being stranded for six weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="18889535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889535" title="Serbian folk astronomy">
Serbian folk astronomy

This article describes Serbian folk astronomy.
Sun.
In Serbian belief, Sun is anthropomorphised as a man. Sometimes, Moon is described as Sun's brother or uncle, Venus as his daughter or (in one song) wife, or both stars and Venus as his sisters. Of Sun's parents, only mother is ever mentioned.
Some common Proto-Indo-European beliefs about Sun are preserved: a belief that Sun is riding in a cart or riding a horse, or that it is God's eye. Various beliefs exist that explain Sun's role regarding day and night: that it travels underground or under the sea during the night to emerge again during the day, or that it dies every sunset to be born anew the next sunrise. Sun is also present in a number of other folk beliefs and customs.
Moon.
Moon is also anthropomorphised as a man. Moon is sometimes described as Sun's brother or uncle, and Venus as Moon's sister or wife. Also, sometimes Moon's mother or children ("mesečić") are mentioned, apparently not referring to any astronomical objects.
A great deal of attention in folk beliefs is given to Moon phases, with new Moon respected as bringer of good fortune, and full Moon also viewed positively. There are various explanations about the Man in the Moon, which is viewed as a head of an animal, or as a human.
Venus.
Depending on how it appears, Venus may be called differently:
Venus is anthropomorphised as a woman, sometimes described as Sun's daughter or (in one song) wife, Sun's or Moon's sister, Moon's wife and in some songs as blood sister ("posestrima") of Prince Marko. It is regarded as harbinger of dawn and day.
Meteorites.
Serbian mythical creatures called "zmaj", usually translated as dragon, are described variously, as either snake-like monsters (see also aždaja), humans with supernatural abilities, or flying fiery creatures; these fiery dragons can be identified as meteorites. They are described as flying across the sky while shining, generally at night, with fire flowing from their wings, and producing strong noise.
In some regions it was believed that a shooting star indicated a captive, slave or soldier had broken free, or that one man is chasing another to fight with. It was a custom that the person who saw the shooting star remained silent at that moment, as uttering a sound might disclose the fugitive. By another custom the person should say, "Behind a bramble, behind a bush, hide!", "Run to the mountain!" or similar.
Stars.
Stars are anthropomorphised as women, sometimes described as sisters of Sun and Moon. A variety of beliefs about them exist.
Sirius.
Serbian name for Sirius is "Svinjarka", "Svinjaruša" ("svinja" = pig), "Volarica" or "Volujara" ("vo" = ox). In some regions, appearance of Sirius signifies that pigs should be released to pannage on acorns.
Asterisms.
Big and Little Dipper are called "Velika kola" (Big cart) and "Mala kola" (Little cart) in Serbian language. Another Serbian asterism is "Porednice" ("red" = queue), identified as Orion's Belt and Sword. Other asterisms are recorded, such as "Volovi" (oxen) and "Trougao" (triangle), but it is unclear what stars they refer to.
Pleiades.
In Serbian language, Pleiades are called "Vlašići" or "Sedam vlašića" (Sedam = seven). While the name is identical to "Little Vlachs" ("Seven little Vlachs"), this is a folk etymology, and it is in fact derived from Slavic god of cattle and underworld, Veles.
A number of stories about the Pleiade's origin exist. The stars are described as seven brothers, or six brothers and a sister. Several sets of their names are recorded, for example:
Pleiades are used to determine appropriate dates for various field works, or to measure time by night. Sometimes, when they appear on the sky, they are called "kvočka s pilićima" ("hen with chicklets").
Milky Way.
In Serbian language, Milky Way is called "Kumova slama" (kums straw). A legend explains that once, a "kum" stole straw from another, but as he was carrying it away, he was losing some of it. Then, God put the straw in the sky as a permanent warning not to steal.

</doc>
<doc id="18889537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889537" title="Royal servant (Kingdom of Hungary)">
Royal servant (Kingdom of Hungary)

A royal servant (, ) was a freeman in the Kingdom of Hungary in the 13th century who owned possession and was subordinate only to the king. The expression was documented for the first time in a charter issued in 1217. By the end of the 13th century, the use of the expression ceased, and the "royal servants" merged into the nobility of the kingdom and they formed the basis of the lesser nobility.
In the 11-12th centuries, the ancestors of the "royal servants" can be found among the "freemen" who provided military services to the kings and whose troops were led by the kings and not by the heads of the "royal counties". "Castle warriors" also increased the number of "royal servants" if the king liberated them from the services they had been obliged to provide to the heads of the royal castles. Even serfs could receive their liberties provided that the king not only liberated them personally but also granted them possessions.
The "royal servants'" freedom became endangered during the reign of King Andrew II (1205-1235) who granted whole "royal counties" ("i.e.", all the royal domains in the counties) to his partisans. The new lords endeavoured to expand their supremacy over the "royal servants" who owned possessions in the county. However, the "royal servants'" commenced to organize themselves and they persuaded the king to issue the Golden Bull, a royal decree summarizing and confirming their following liberties:
The provisions of the Golden Bull were later confirmed several times by the kings (it was King Andrew II himself who confirmed them for the first time in 1231) and therefore, they formed the basis of the "cardinal liberties" of the nobility in the Kingdom of Hungary. Although, "royal servants" who lived in some provinces of the Kingdom ("e.g.", the "royal servants" of Transylvania and in Slavonia) could not enjoy all the liberties confirmed by the Golden Bull, because they still were obliged to pay their special taxes, but by the second half of the 14th century, they also became an integrated part of the nobility.
Following the Golden Bull, a deed issued, in 1232, by the "royal servants" living in Zala county indicated a new step towards the formation of institutes of their self-government: in the deed, they judged the lawsuit of Bartholomew, Bishop of Veszprém, which proved that the counties, that had been formerly the basic units of royal administration, commenced to turn into an administrative unit governed by the developing nobility.
From the 1230s, the terminology used in the royal charters when they referred to "royal servants" began to change and they were more and more frequently mentioned as "noble servants" () and later, as "nobles or servants" (), while finally, the Decree of 1267 issued by King Béla IV (1235-1270) identified the "royal servants" with the nobles. Thenceforward, the expression vanished from the documents, and the descendants of the "royal servants" were mentioned as nobiles. Following 1267, only the Hungarian word for the two or four members of the County Courts elected by the nobiles ("i.e.", "szolgabíró" that literally means "servants' judge") reserved the memory of the expression.

</doc>
<doc id="18889546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889546" title="Alberto Sorrentino">
Alberto Sorrentino

Alberto Sorrentino (16 February 1916 – 1 February 1994), was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 89 films between 1943 and 1988. He was born in La Spezia, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18889552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889552" title="Dirleton railway station">
Dirleton railway station

Dirleton railway station was a railway station on the North Berwick Branch of the North British Railway in East Lothian, Scotland. It was an intermediate station on the branch line from Drem.
History.
Dirleton station was a small affair, with a single platform and two sidings on the south side of the line. There was no signalbox, and the siding points were controlled by a ground frame.
Dirleton station closed to passengers on 1 February 1954, with the goods yard surviving as an unstaffed public siding until 1 June 1959. The station house is now privately owned, and the station site is clearly visible from passing trains.
Although named for the village of Dirleton, the station was actually some distance away, approximately half way between Dirleton and Kingston. A plan to give Direlton a more convenient station was put forward by the Aberlady, Gullane and North Berwick Railway, which was founded in 1893. This company opened its line from Spittal (Aberlady Junction) near Longniddry to Gullane in 1898, but plans to extend it to join the North Berwick branch near Williamstown were never implemented.

</doc>
<doc id="18889560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889560" title="Ondřej Synek">
Ondřej Synek

Ondřej Synek () (born 13 October 1982 in Brandýs nad Labem) is a Czech rower. He is a two-times World Champion in Single Sculls, winning in the 2010 World Rowing Championships and 2013 World Rowing Championships. He won Olympic silver medals at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and 2012 Summer Olympics in London .

</doc>
<doc id="18889569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889569" title="Bandido (album)">
Bandido (album)

Bandido is the fourth studio album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno, released on CBS-Epic in 1990. The album became the Salazár sisters' international breakthrough.
The title track "Bandido" was chosen to represent Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, held in Zagreb, Yugoslavia. A house music anthem, co-written and produced by one of Spain's most prolific dance producers Raúl Orellana, complete with palmas and flamenco guitars, "Bandido" was turned down by the bookmakers before the contest since Spain's previous ethnic entries usually never fared well; in 1983 fellow flamenco singer Remedios Amaya's "¿Quién maneja mi barca?" had for example finished last with zero points. Despite this the song finished an honourable fifth and was given the full 12 points score from countries like West Germany and it became the starting point of Azúcar Moreno's international career. "Bandido" became a major club hit in the summer of 1990 not only in the Mediterranean countries but also the rest of Continental Europe and Scandinavia and the 12" "Deep Mix", issued with a new promo video, was put on heavy rotation on music TV channels like MTV Europe and Super Channel. In Sweden the song was remixed by DJ Emil Hellman and re-issued on the Swemix label. The song has been covered in Turkish by singer Askin Nur Yengi under the title "Zehir Gibisin", in Dutch as "Alleen maar de zon" by Paul de Leeuw and the "Deep Mix" version of the song was recorded in Spanish by Serbian singer Ceca Raznatovic. In 2005 "Bandido" was included in the Eurovision 50th anniversary CD/DVD box set "Winners and classics".
The "Bandido" album, which sold triple platinum in Spain, was the first to be released in most parts of the world, including Europe, the Middle East, South and Central America and later also Japan, Australasia and the United States, where it reached #3 on "Billboard"'s Latin Pop chart. "Bandido" continued the musical development started on the preceding "Carne De Melocotón" by combining the sisters' typical ethnic vocal style with flamenco guitars and influences from contemporary rock, pop and dance music. Besides original material the album also included a number of cover versions of songs from a diverse range of genres, including Latin traditionals like "A Caballo" (also known as "El Carretero"), American jazz and mambo king Tito Puente's standard "Oye Como Va" coupled with Santana's "Guajira", Spanish Flamenco singer-songwriter Pepe de Lucía's "Rumba Rumba" - and even a house music/flamenco version of Mary Hopkin's 60's hit "Those Were the Days", originally a Russian folk melody.
The second single released from the album in Spain was a cover of Lalo Rodríguez' 80s hit "Ven Devórame Otra Vez" which became an even bigger success than "Bandido", reaching #9 on Billboard's Hot Latin Tracks chart, and today counts as one of the duo's signature tunes, they even re-recorded the track on their 2006 album "Bailando Con Lola". Further singles from the album include "Oye Como Va" / "Guajira" and "A Caballo", all of which were also released as 12" dance remixes, these were later that same year collected on the duo's second remix compilation "The Sugar Mix Album".
The original album versions of "Bandido", "Devórame Otra Vez", "Oye Como Va" / "Guajira" and "A Caballo" were all featured on Azúcar Moreno's first greatest hits album "Mucho Azúcar - Grandes Éxitos", released in 1997.
"Bandido" was released on CD in 1990 and remains in print in most parts of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18889582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889582" title="Todd Haskins">
Todd Haskins

Todd Haskins (born August 30, 1972) is a retired American soccer Defender who played most of his career in beach soccer. He was a member of the U.S. U-16 national team at the 1989 FIFA U-16 World Championship and the U.S. Beach Soccer Team at the 2005 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup.
Club career.
Haskins was an outstanding player for Howard High School in Ellicott City, Maryland. He was the 1990 Gatorade Player of the Year and a Parade Magazine High School All American. In 1989, he was a member of the U.S. U-16 national team at the 1989 FIFA U-16 World Championship. The U.S. went 1-1-1, with Haskin scoring a goal in the 2-2 tie with Australia. In 1990, he entered the University of North Carolina where he played three years on the men’s soccer team, 1990–1991 and again in 1993. During the summer of 1993, Haskins played the collegiate off-season with the Raleigh Flyers of the USISL. After completing his senior year at UNC, Haskings signed a professional contract with the Flyers for the 1995 season. In 1995, Haskins played for the Washington Warthogs of the Continental Indoor Soccer League. On February 7, 1996, the Columbus Crew selected Haskins in the 15th round (141st overall) in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft, but the Crew did not offer him a contract. He then played beach soccer, had an unsuccessful trial with AZ Alkmaar and on May 28, 1998 signed with the Baton Rouge Bombers of the Eastern Indoor Soccer League. In June, he suffered a season ending cheek injury. In December 1998, he was the first player signed by the expansion Maryland Mania of the A-League. The Mania played one season then folded. In July 1999 Haskins briefly went on loan to D.C. United when the team had several players injured. He did not play any games before returning to the Mania. In 2005, Haskins was a member of the U.S. Beach Soccer Team at the 2005 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup.
Coaching career.
Haskins currently coaches the U16 Bethesda Arsenal club team in Bethesda Maryland. He also coaches a Maryland state Olympic Development Program team, (ODP). He is also the assistant coach of the St. Johns College High School Team, along with head coach Philip Gyau.

</doc>
<doc id="18889583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889583" title="Asuman Krause">
Asuman Krause

Asuman Krause (born 1 March 1976) is a German-born former fashion model, singer, presenter, actress of mixed Circassian and German-Dutch descent. Holding Turkish-German dual citizenship, Krause was crowned Miss Turkey in 1998. She is fluent in English, French, German, and Turkish.
Krause grew up in Germany until the end of middle school. She played for the Germany national youth basketball team. Afterwards she decided to stay with her mother in Turkey. She then became a model and in March 1998 she won the Miss Turkey beauty pageant and went on to represent Turkey at Miss Universe, winning the Congeniality award. In the early 2000s, she was one of the most famous models in Turkey.
Giving up her modelling career in favour of a career as a singer in 2006, she released her debut album, "Çok Yalnızım" (), with the Turkish record company Seyhan Müzik. It received some radio airplay and was compared with the likes of Burcu Güneş and Emel Müftüoğlu.
She released her second album, "Kukla" (), this time with another record company, Üçüncügöz Müzik, in 2008. This was met with more success than her previous album, and the first single from that album, also called "Kukla" reached the 10th position on the Turkish Billboard Charts.
She hosted the Turkish versions of Wipeout, Fear Factor, Fear Factor Extreme, and Deal or No Deal (Var Mısın Yok Musun).

</doc>
<doc id="18889588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889588" title="Carlo Giuffré">
Carlo Giuffré

Carlo Giuffrè (born 3 December 1928) is an Italian stage, film and television actor and a stage director. He has appeared in 93 films since 1950.
Giuffrè was born in Naples, Italy and he is brother of the actor Aldo Giuffré. He enrolled at the National Academy of Dramatic Arts Silvio D'Amico, then he made his stage debut in 1949 with the company of Eduardo De Filippo. In 1984 Giuffrè won a David di Donatello for Best Supporting Actor for the comedy film "Son contento", directed by Maurizio Ponzi.

</doc>
<doc id="18889608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889608" title="Mélonin Noumonvi">
Mélonin Noumonvi

Mélonin Noumonvi (born October 10, 1982 in Paris) is a French Greco-Roman (under 84 kg) wrestler. At the Beijing 2008 Olympics, he lost to the eventual champion Andrea Minguzzi of Italy in the round of 16 and lost the bronze medal bout to Sweden's Ara Abrahamian . At the London 2012 Olympics, he controversially lost his quarter-final bout to Egypt's Karam Gaber. Two seconds from the end of the third period of that bout, he appeared to manage to take down his opponent. The referees validated the takedown but the judge overruled it. He subsequently lost the bronze medal bout to Poland's Damian Janikowski.

</doc>
<doc id="18889616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889616" title="Elizabeth Reef">
Elizabeth Reef

Elizabeth Reef is a coral reef in the Tasman Sea. The reef is separated by a deep oceanic pass, some 45 km wide, from nearby Middleton Reef, both of which are part of the underwater plateau known as the Lord Howe Rise. It is around 160 km from Lord Howe Island and 555 km from the New South Wales coast of Australia. The Environment, Sport and Territories Legislation Amendment Act 1997 included Elizabeth Reef in Australia's Coral Sea Islands Territory.
It is one of the southernmost platform reefs in the world. It measures 8.2 km by 5.5 km. Despite the relatively high latitude, a wide variety of flora and fauna exists on the reef and in the surrounding waters due to their location where tropical and temperate ocean currents converge.
At low tide most of the reef flat is exposed, at high tide only one cay is visible, Elizabeth Island, with a diameter of about 400 m and one metre above sea level. Elizabeth and Middleton Reefs form the Elizabeth and Middleton Reefs Marine National Park Reserve managed by the Government of Australia under the Natural Heritage Trust.
Flora and fauna.
Surveys by the Australian Institute of Marine Science have highlighted healthy number of black cod "Epinephelus daemelii", a threatened species in New South Welsh waters. The survey in 2003 highlighted 111 species of coral and identified 181 species of fish. The total number of recorded fish species is 311 across several surveys. High numbers of Galapagos sharks "Carcharhinus galapagensis" were observed at the reef, which may indicate that the reef is a nursery. Sea cucumber (black teatfish), "Holothuria whitmaei", were found in high numbers. While the 2003 survey found only small numbers of crown-of-thorns starfish, a survey in 2005 indicated that it was active.
Shipwrecks.
Both Elizabeth Reef and Middleton Reef have been the site of numerous shipwrecks. According to the National Shipwrecks Database, the ships stranded at Elizabeth Reef include: Britannia, Colonist, Douglas, Elizabeth, Naiad, Packet, Ramsay, Rosetta Joseph, and Tyrian.
Britannia is listed for both Elizabeth and Middleton Reefs.
British sailor Steve Landles was winched to a Royal Australian Navy Sea Hawk helicopter from the stranded yacht Lamachan on 2 August 2007; the yacht could not be recovered.

</doc>
<doc id="18889617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889617" title="Diffusion damping">
Diffusion damping

In modern cosmological theory, diffusion damping, also called photon diffusion damping, is a physical process which reduced density inequalities (anisotropies) in the early universe, making the universe itself and the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB) more uniform. Around 300,000 years after the Big Bang, during the epoch of "recombination", diffusing photons travelled from hot regions of space to cold ones, equalising the temperatures of these regions. This effect is responsible, along with baryon acoustic oscillations, the Doppler effect, and the effects of gravity on electromagnetic radiation, for the eventual formation of galaxies and galaxy clusters, these being the dominant large scale structures which are observed in the universe. It is a damping "by" diffusion, not "of" diffusion.
The strength of diffusion damping is calculated by a mathematical expression for the "damping factor", which figures into the Boltzmann equation, an equation which describes the amplitude of perturbations in the CMB. The strength of the diffusion damping is chiefly governed by the distance photons travel before being scattered (diffusion length). What affect the diffusion length are primarily the properties of the plasma in question: different sorts of plasma may experience different sorts of diffusion damping. The evolution of a plasma may also affect the damping process. The scale on which diffusion damping works is called the Silk scale and its value corresponds to the size of galaxies of the present day. The mass contained within the Silk scale is called the Silk mass and it corresponds to the mass of the galaxies.
Introduction.
Diffusion damping took place about 13.8 billion years ago, during the stage of the early universe called "recombination" or matter-radiation "decoupling". This period occurred about 380,000 years after the Big Bang. This is equivalent to a redshift of around "z" = 1090. Recombination was the stage during which simple atoms, e.g. hydrogen and helium, began to form in the cooling, but still very hot, soup of protons, electrons and photons that composed the universe. Prior to the recombination epoch, this "soup", a plasma, was largely opaque to the electromagnetic radiation of photons. This meant that the permanently excited photons were scattered by the protons and electrons too often to travel very far in straight lines. During the recombination epoch, the universe cooled rapidly as free electrons were captured by atomic nuclei; atoms formed from their constituent parts and the universe became transparent: the amount of photon scattering decreased dramatically. Scattering less, photons could diffuse (travel) much greater distances. There is no significant diffusion damping for electrons, which cannot diffuse nearly as far as photons can in similar circumstances. Thus all damping by electron diffusion is negligible when compared to photon diffusion damping.
Acoustic perturbations of initial density fluctuations in the universe made some regions of space hotter and denser than others. These differences in temperature and density are called "anisotropies". Photons diffused from the hot, overdense regions of plasma to the cold, underdense ones: they dragged along the protons and electrons: the photons pushed electrons along, and these, in turn, pulled on protons by the Coulomb force. This caused the temperatures and densities of the hot and cold regions to be averaged and the universe became less anisotropic (characteristically various) and more "isotropic" (characteristically uniform). This reduction in anisotropy is the "damping" of diffusion damping. Diffusion damping thus damps temperature and density anisotropies in the early universe. With baryonic matter (protons and electrons) escaping the dense areas along with the photons; the temperature and density inequalities were "adiabatically" damped. That is to say the ratios of photons to baryons remained constant during the damping process.
Photon diffusion was first described in Joseph Silk's 1968 paper entitled "Cosmic Black-Body Radiation and Galaxy Formation", which was published in "The Astrophysical Journal". As such, diffusion damping is sometimes also called Silk damping, though this term may apply only to one possible damping scenario. Silk damping was thus named after its discoverer.
Magnitude.
The magnitude of diffusion damping is calculated as a "damping factor" or "suppression factor", represented by the symbol formula_1, which figures into the Boltzmann equation, an equation which describes the amplitude of perturbations in the CMB. The strength of the diffusion damping is chiefly governed by the distance photons travel before being scattered (diffusion length). What affect the diffusion length are primarily the properties of the plasma in question: different sorts of plasma may experience different sorts of diffusion damping. The evolution of a plasma may also affect the damping process.
Where:
The damping factor formula_1, when factored into the Boltzmann equation for the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB), reduces the amplitude of perturbations:
Where:
Mathematical calculations of the damping factor depend on formula_14, or the "effective diffusion scale", which in turn depends on a crucial value, "the diffusion length", formula_15. The diffusion length relates how far photons travel during diffusion, and comprises a finite number of short steps in random directions. The average of these steps is the "Compton mean free path", and is denoted by formula_16. As the direction of these steps are randomly taken, formula_15 is approximately equal to formula_18, where formula_19 is the number of steps the photon takes before the conformal time at decoupling (formula_10).
The diffusion length increases at recombination because the mean free path does, with less photon scattering occurring; this increases the amount of diffusion and damping. The mean free path increases because the "electron ionisation fraction", formula_21, decreases as ionised hydrogen and helium bind with the free, charged electrons. As this occurs, the mean free path increases proportionally: formula_22. That is, the mean free path of the photons is inversely proportional to the electron ionisation fraction and the baryon number density (formula_23). That means that the more baryons there were, and the more they were ionised, the shorter the average photon could travel before encountering one and being scattered. Small changes to these values before or during recombination can augment the damping effect considerably. This dependence on the baryon density by photon diffusion allows scientists to use analysis of the latter to investigate the former, in addition to the history of ionisation.
The effect of diffusion damping is greatly augmented by the finite width of the surface of last scattering (SLS). The finite width of the SLS means the CMB photons we see were not all emitted at the same time, and the fluctuations we see are not all in phase. It also means that during recombination, the diffusion length changed dramatically, as the ionisation fraction shifted.
Model dependence.
In general, diffusion damping produces its effects independent of the cosmological model being studied, thereby masking the effects of other, model-"dependent" phenomena. This means that without an accurate model of diffusion damping, scientists cannot judge the relative merits of cosmological models, whose theoretical predictions cannot be compared with observational data, this data being obscured by damping effects. For example, the peaks in the power spectrum due to acoustic oscillations are decreased in amplitude by diffusion damping. This deamplification of the power spectrum hides features of the curve, features that would otherwise be more visible.
Though general diffusion damping can damp perturbations in collisionless dark matter simply due to photon dispersion, the term "Silk damping" applies only to damping of adiabatic models of baryonic matter, which is coupled to the diffusing photons, not dark matter, and diffuses with them. Silk damping is not as significant in models of cosmological development which posit early isocurvature fluctuations (i.e. fluctuations which do not require a constant ratio of baryons and photons). In this case, increases in baryon density do not require a corresponding increases in photon density, and the lower the photon density, the less diffusion there would be: the less diffusion, the less damping. Photon diffusion is not dependent on the causes of the initial fluctuations in the density of the universe.
Effects.
Speed.
Damping occurs at two different scales, with the process working more quickly over short ranges than over longer distances. Here, a short length is one that is lower than the mean free path of the photons. A long distance is one that is greater than the mean free path, if still less than the diffusion length. On the smaller scale, perturbations are damped almost instantaneously. On the larger scale, anisotropies are decreased more slowly, with significant degradation happening within one unit of Hubble time.
The Silk scale and the Silk mass.
Diffusion damping exponentially decreases anisotropies in the CMB on a scale (the Silk scale) much smaller than a degree, or smaller than approximately 3 megaparsecs. This angular scale corresponds to a multipole moment formula_24. The mass contained within the Silk scale is the "silk mass". Numerical evaluations of the Silk mass yield results on the order of formula_25 solar masses at recombination and on the order of the mass of a present-day galaxy or galaxy cluster in the current era.
As diffusion damping works at this level, scientists say it affects "small" angles and corresponding anisotropies. This is to be contrasted with other effects which operate on a scale called "intermediate" formula_27 or "large" formula_28. Searches for anisotropies on a small scale are not as difficult as those on larger scales, partly because they may employ ground-based telescopes and their results can be more easily predicted by current theoretical models.
Galaxy formation.
Scientists study photon diffusion damping (and CMB anisotropies in general) because of the insight the subject provides into the question, "How did the universe come to be?". Specifically, primordial anisotropies in the temperature and density of the universe are supposed to be the causes of later large-scale structure formation. Thus it was the amplification of small perturbations in the pre-recombination universe that grew into the galaxies and galaxy clusters of the present era. Diffusion damping made the universe isotropic within distances on the order of the Silk Scale. That this scale corresponds to the size of observed galaxies (when the passage of time is taken into account) implies that diffusion damping is responsible for limiting the size of these galaxies. The theory is that clumps of matter in the early universe became the galaxies that we see today, and the size of these galaxies is related to the temperature and density of the clumps.
Diffusion may also have had a significant effect on the evolution of primordial cosmic magnetic fields, fields which may have been amplified over time to become galactic magnetic fields. However, these cosmic magnetic fields may have been damped by radiative diffusion: just as acoustic oscillations in the plasma were damped by the diffusion of photons, so were magnetosonic waves (waves of ions travelling through a magnetised plasma). This process began before the era of neutrino decoupling and ended at the time of recombination.

</doc>
<doc id="18889627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889627" title="Jacqueline Lawrence">
Jacqueline Lawrence

Jacqueline Lawrence may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18889629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889629" title="Wu You">
Wu You

Wu You (; born March 27, 1984 in Jinzhou, Liaoning) is a female Chinese rower, who won silver medal in the Women's double sculls at the 2008 Summer Olympics. Her race partner was Gao Yulan.

</doc>
<doc id="18889642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889642" title="Anurudha Rathnayake">
Anurudha Rathnayake

Anurudha Bandara Ratnayake (Sinhalese: අනුරුද්ධ බණ්ඩාර රට්නයකේ; Tamil: அனுருத பண்டார ரத்னாயகே; born August 17, 1975) is an Olympic boxer from Sri Lanka who lost his first match at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the flyweight division. He lost this game to Robenílson Vieira de Jesus from Brazil. See Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Flyweight

</doc>
<doc id="18889644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889644" title="Hapu Party">
Hapu Party

The Hapu Party is a Māori political party in New Zealand was formed 
in August 2008. The party's leader is Northland iwi leader David Rankin.
Policies and actions.
The Hapu Party believe that because of poorer Māori health outcomes, and therefore reduced life expectancy, Māori should be eligible for the pension at age 56. It planned to introduce a flat rate 18% personal tax and GST rate. Finally it sought to introduce the allocation of Treaty of Waitangi settlement monies to hapū and marae, and to allow treaty claims to be made over private land. 
The Hapu party sought to stand candidates in all seven Māori electorates for the 2008 election. It ran only a single candidate in 2008, receiving only 175 votes. It did not run any candidates in the 2011 election.
Leadership.
The party's leader David Rankin, Matarahurahu hapū leader, has become involved in a number of controversies including attempting to ban Māori Party MP Hone Harawira and his mother Titewhai Harawira from Waitangi Day commemorations in 2007. Later he called for Harawira's resignation following Harawira's allegations of racism towards the Australian prime minister. In recent times, Rankin has become involved in the question of authenticity surrounding the auction of a piece of the famous Kororareka flagpole cut down in Russel in 1844 as an act of defiance against British authority, by his great great uncle Hone Heke.

</doc>
<doc id="18889649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889649" title="Violetta Oblinger-Peters">
Violetta Oblinger-Peters

Violetta Oblinger-Peters (born 14 October 1977 in Schwerte, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German-born, Austrian slalom canoer who has competed since the mid-1990s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, she won a bronze medal in the K-1 event in Beijing in 2008.
Oblinger-Peters also won two bronze medals at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships (K-1: 2010, K-1 team: 2005). She won three medals at the European Championships (1 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze).
Her husband, Helmut, competed at the Olympics, as did her father Wolfgang and uncle Ulrich.
In April 2009 she and her husband became parents of a boy.

</doc>
<doc id="18889652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889652" title="Nic Potter">
Nic Potter

Nic Potter (18 October 1951 – 16 January 2013) was a British bassist, composer and painter, best known for his work with the group Van der Graaf Generator in the 1970s.
Biography.
Nic Potter was born in Wiltshire and left school at 15, originally to train in carpentry. His older sister Sally, is a well-known film director. At the age of 16, he joined a late line-up of The Misunderstood, at the same time as drummer Guy Evans, who had joined from Van der Graaf Generator, then on a brief hiatus. When Van der Graaf decided to reform after the release The Aerosol Grey Machine, and earlier bassist Keith Ellis deciding to join Juicy Lucy instead, Evans recommended that Potter join as a replacement..
Potter first appeared on the album "The Least We Can Do Is Wave To Each Other", also playing some electric guitar on a few tracks in addition to his usual bass. Halfway during the recording of the following album "H to He, Who Am the Only One" (1970), he left the group after recording three tracks ("Killer", "The Emperor in his War Room" and "Lost"). The remainder of the album's bass tracks were completed by organist Hugh Banton, who took over the bass lines on bass pedals in concert.
Potter remained in touch with the band, and in 1971, he played bass-guitar on Peter Hammill's first solo-album, "Fool's Mate", on Colin Scot's album "Colin Scot" and with the band Magna Carta. In the 1970s he also played with Jeff Beck, Chuck Berry, Rare Bird and Steve Swindells. In 1973 he collaborated on "The Long Hello" project. His playing can also be heard on Peter Hammill's album "Over" (1977).
In 1977, after Hugh Banton and David Jackson had left Van der Graaf Generator, Potter was asked to re-join. He plays on both "The Quiet Zone/The Pleasure Dome" (1977) and the double live-album "Vital" (1978). However, he was still uncomfortable with the dynamic of the band as he had been previously, stating "sometimes it felt like a cloud coming down – a very ominous feeling." He was particularly concerned at a gig in Annecy, France where he claimed someone was trying to perform an exorcism of the band's music while on stage, and had to be helped back to the dressing room, feeling very shaken.
Throughout the 1980s and early 1990s Potter continued to record and tour with Peter Hammill, including being the bassist for the K-Group (from 1981–1985), and with the Tigers (in 1980) and Duncan Browne (in 1984). In 1983 he started a solo-career, and released a number of albums with mostly electronic music. In 1995 Potter produced and played the bass on the posthumous album "Songs of Love and War" by Duncan Browne. In 2008 Potter published the live album "Live in Italy", together with many musicians like David Jackson and Tony Pagliuca (Le Orme).
All Potter's solo albums were published and remastered in 2009.
During the last two years of his life, Potter suffered from Pick's disease. In January 2013, Potter was admitted to University College Hospital suffering from pneumonia. He died there in the later hours of 16 January.

</doc>
<doc id="18889660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889660" title="Scott Brennan (rower)">
Scott Brennan (rower)

Scott Brennan is an Australian Olympic gold-medal winning and national champion rower from Hobart, Tasmania. He has represented for Australia in rowing at three consecutive Olympic games.
Early life.
Born 9 January 1983 in Hobart, Tasmania) Brennan took up rowing in 1995 whilst at St Virgil's College in Hobart, where he eventually became captain of the school in 1998. He studied medicine at the University of Tasmania and graduated in 2007 with honours.
Rowing career.
At the junior representative level Brennan won silver in the single scull at the 2001 Junior World Championship and gold in the same event at the 2003 U/23 World Championship . At the 2004 rowing World Cup he won and gold in a quad scull.With his long time rowing partner David Crawshay Brennan won a national title in a double-scull with at the Australian Rowing Championships in 2011.
Brennan's first Australian Olympic selection was for Athens 2004 when he rowed in the Australian quad scull who won their B final. With David Crawshay, Brennan won the gold medal in the men's double sculls at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. In March 2012 Brennan was selected to defend his Olympic title in the men's Double Scull with Beijing Crawshay at the 2012 Summer Olympics. They finished in second place in the B final for an overall eighth place in the 2012 Olympic rankings.
He leads an active community life outside of medicine and rowing and is a volunteer with Camp Quality.

</doc>
<doc id="18889664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889664" title="Dmitry Larionov">
Dmitry Larionov

Dmitry Olegovich Larionov () (born 22 December 1985 in Nizhny Tagil) is a Russian slalom canoer who has competed since the early 2000s in the C-2 class together with his partner Mikhail Kuznetsov. They won a bronze medal in the C-2 event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Four years later at the London games they finished in 14th place in the same event and failed to qualify for the semifinals. 

</doc>
<doc id="18889669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889669" title="Police Interceptors">
Police Interceptors

Police Interceptors is a British TV documentary series that profiles the work of a police ANPR Intercept Team (now known as the Territorial Support Team) in Essex, United Kingdom and in series 4 profiles the work of South Yorkshire Police's Road Crime Unit and Derbyshire Police's Road Policing Unit. In the fifth series the program profiles the work of Cumbria Constabulary following their Roads Policing Unit. The documentary has been broadcast by Channel 5 since the first episode on 9 May 2008.
Interceptor team.
The series features the following police officers from Essex Police, South Yorkshire Police, Derbyshire Constabulary and Cumbria Constabulary involved in high-speed car chases following car thieves in stolen vehicles, speeding and drunken drivers. They use the latest high-speed police cars to follow and hunt down boy racers presenting a danger to the public. The Interceptors also use the latest number-plate reading technology (ANPR) to detect drivers without car insurance, often resulting in an argument with the driver and the disclosure of other crimes. The chases are often interspersed with light-hearted incidents involving the team's food breaks, harmless drunks and practical jokes in the incident room. The show often identifies officers by humorous nicknames and on-screen graphics feature data on their years in service, likes and dislikes. Most incidents are tracked down by uniform officers from the Interceptor team but plain clothes and undercover police have also featured in the five series.
Episodes.
Series 1 began on 9 May 2008 on Channel 5 (as Five) and ran for six weeks with an additional compilation episode. Series 2 began at 8pm on 10 October 2008 on Channel 5 and ran for twelve weeks with two additional compilation episodes. Series 3 began on 7 June 2010 on Five for 15 episodes. Series 4 began on 13 June 2011 on Channel 5 for 18 episodes as they followed South Yorkshire’s Road Crime Unit. Series 5, consisting of 10 episodes, began on the 28 January 2013, following Cumbria Constabulary.
Ultimate Police Interceptors.
On 8 August 2011, a new show started entitled Ultimate Police Interceptors, this is a compilations of the best bits from previous episodes from all 4 series.
Compilation shows.
The Essex series included "Best of Police Interceptors" showing highlights of the chases and incidents from the previous programmes. At the end of series 4, "Ultimate Police Interceptors" contained highlights from previous shows with updates on the fate of the criminals since the series' first airing.
"Police Interceptors: Special Edition".
A spin-off to series 2, Police Interceptors: Special Edition, was presented by Natalie Pinkham and Chris Barnes on Fiver (now 5*) in 2011. This was a follow-up show to the main edition featuring highlights from the chases, interviews with members of the Essex team and the presenters participating in "hands-on" reconstructions and police training exercises. The series received negative publicity when one presenter, pretending to be a thief stealing a Vauxhall Ambulance Van, was pursued by officers in two patrol cars for around an hour. The police were accused of wasting time and putting lives at risk, although the officers claimed it was part of a training exercise. The show's producer argued that "...It gave" insight into the real work that police do..." Presenters also took part in incident simulations, like driving a car while a stinger is deployed to puncture the car's tyres.
References.
http://www.channel5.com/shows/police-interceptors

</doc>
<doc id="18889679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889679" title="Scott Brennan">
Scott Brennan

Scott Brennan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18889687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889687" title="René Enders">
René Enders

René Enders (born 13 February 1987) is a German track cyclist. He won two bronze Olympic medals with the German team in the team sprint: in 2008 and in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18889691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889691" title="Maximilian Levy">
Maximilian Levy

Maximilian Levy (born 26 June 1987) is a German track cyclist.
Levy won a bronze medal representing Germany at the 2008 Olympic Games held in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="18889705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889705" title="Benskins Brewery">
Benskins Brewery

Benskins was the pre-eminent brewery in Watford, and Hertfordshire's biggest brewer until its acquisition by Ind Coope in 1957.
History.
Benskins had its roots in the brewery founded in Watford by John Pope, a local miller and baker around 1693. The brewery was inherited by his second son, Daniel Pope in 1722, and passed to Daniel's sister Sarah Pope and her husband William Dyson in 1741 at his death.
For the next three generations part of the brewery was inherited by a John Dyson (son, grandson, and great-grandson of Sarah Pope and William Dyson) each of whom bought out his co-heirs. When the third John Dyson died in 1867 the brewery was sold at auction to retired London hotelier Joseph Benskin and Watford draper William Bradley for £34,000. Bradley soon left the partnership, and in 1870 Benskin continued alone.
Upon Joseph's death in 1877, the management of the brewery passed to his widow Maria, and their second son John Pusey Benskin. His third son Thomas Benskin became a partner in 1884, bringing to the company James Panton of the Wareham Brewery in Dorset, reputed to be the first person to study scientific brewing at University College, London. Thomas' son Eric Seagrave Benskin later became a director, and Colonel William Briggs, husband of Doris Benskins was appointed to the board in 1908, latterly becoming chairman.
The brewery as taken over by Benskin and Bradley in 1867 was one of the smaller Hertfordshire brewers of the time, with 42 tied houses in its estate. However over the following ninety years Benskins became predominant in the area, ultimately acquiring all other Watford breweries; Healey's in 1898, Sedgwick's in 1923, and Wells' Watford Brewery in 1951. Healey's had previously, in the months prior to its acquisition, purchased the Victoria Brewery on St Albans Road from the Chesham Brewery. Benskins rose to become the only regional brewer Hertfordshire ever produced, and during its life its estate included pubs, beer houses and off-licences not only in its home county, but as far afield as Sussex, Essex, Suffolk, Cambridgeshire, Bedfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Kent and Greater London. 
The brewery remained a family business until a take-over bid was accepted from Ind Coope on 13 March 1957. In 1959 Ind Coope merged with Ansells, and Taylor Walker & Co to form Allied Breweries. At the time of the sale to Ind Coope, the Benskins estate numbered 636 pubs and hotels, and 16 off-licences. 
The Benskins name was retained for a number of years after the sale, and brewing continued at Watford until 1972. Despite the closure of the Cannon Brewery site, and its subsequent demolition in 1979, the brand was again revived and applied to a number of pubs in the Allied estate during the early 1980s. A new beer, Benskins Best Bitter, went into production in mid-1980 as part of the relaunch, however this was brewed in Romford and bore no resemblance to any of the original Watford ales. Benskins continued to trade as a separate business unit, Ind Coope Benskins Limited, although now existing only to manage the tied estate, and maintained its head office in Watford during this time. Occupying the former Clarendon Hotel on Station Road, the hotel's original accommodation repurposed as offices whilst the former stables were converted into a new pub named after Benskins' famous logo - The Pennant (latterly The Flag and Firkin, currently The Flag). Benskins Best Bitter continued to be produced in Burton-upon-Trent until it ceased production in 2002.
As a result of further mergers and acquisitions over the intervening years, ownership of the Benskins trademarks currently rests with Carlsberg Breweries, Denmark.
Beers.
Beers brewed under the Benskins name, either by Benskins at the Watford Cannon Brewery or by Ind Coope at Burton-upon-Trent or Romford.
Pale Ales: India Pale Ale, Guinea Ale, Pale Ale, Nut Brown Ale, Light Ale, Light Sparkling Ale
Mild Ales: Pale Mild, XX Ale, XXX Ale, XXXX Ale, KK Cask Mild
Bitters: Best Bitter, Jubilee Beer, Watford FC FA Cup Commemorative Ale 1984
Stouts: Brown Stout, Single Stout, Double Stout, Digestive Stout, Imperial Stout, Porter
Barley Wines: Strong Ale, Colne Spring Ale
Uncategorised: Coronation Ale (ER II), Primrose Ale, Bitter Ale
Additionally, Benskins held contracts to bottle a number of products for other producers, including Guinness' Dublin Brewery, and Gaymer's of Attleborough, Norfolk.
As of late 2012, Carlsberg UK are again producing a beer under the Benskins name, a limited availability product known as Benskins Smooth Bitter.
Legacy.
Benskins had close ties to the local football team, Watford FC. In 1921 Benskins purchased the current Vicarage Road ground and leased it to the club at a peppercorn rent. In 2001 the club purchased the ground from Punch Taverns, who had inherited the freehold as part of their acquisition of the Allied Domecq estate. In 2006 the club also purchased the freehold of the Red Lion pub opposite the ground, which had previously been part of the Benskins tied estate. The pub, re-opened in 2012 and currently known as the Yellow and Red Lion, is notable for its external tiling advertising "Benskins Celebrated Watford Ale & Stout" still extant.
A number of other pubs in and around the Watford area still carry Benskins branding, such as the Estcourt Tavern and Nascot Arms in Watford. However, such examples are now increasingly rare. Of particular note is the Holly Bush pub in Hampstead, London, which continues to display a number of original brewery artefacts.
The Benskins name lived on for a number of years in the Benskins Morris of Watford, although they themselves have now disbanded. 
Before demolition, the wider brewery site was used as a filming location for the "Heroes" episode of the British TV drama series The Professionals.
The former Brewery House of the Cannon Brewery is now home to Watford Museum. 
As of 2010, the main part of the original brewery site is once again being redeveloped after the demise of the Watford Springs swimming pool. During the construction of the Wellspring Centre for Watford Community Church, a 15-metre deep industrial well was discovered, likely to have been the brewery's primary source of water drawn from the River Colne.

</doc>
<doc id="18889707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889707" title="Yukiko Akaba">
Yukiko Akaba

She won the silver medal in half marathon at the 1999 Summer Universiade. At the 2001 Summer Universiade she finished eighth in the 5000 metres and won the bronze medal in the 10,000 metres. She finished twentieth in the 10,000 metres at the 2008 Olympic Games, but was less successful in the women's 5000 metres, failing to make the final. Her next global competition came at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics, where she finished 31st in the World Championship marathon race. She also ran at the 2009 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships, but failed to make an impact in either the individual race or with the Japanese team.
In the beginning of the 2010, she entered the Osaka International Ladies Marathon as a possible podium contender, she dropped out mid-race. She soon returned to form, however, clocking a time of 1:11:09 for second place at the Matsue Ladies Half Marathon in March behind Kenyan Obare Doricah. Running at the 2010 London Marathon, she took sixth place with a time of 2:24:55, a personal best for the distance. She won her first race at the 2011 Osaka Marathon, although she did not achieve the time standard to make the Japanese World Championships team. She achieved this at the 2011 London Marathon, taking sixth for a second year running but also achieving a personal best time of 2:24:09 hours. She was chosen to represent Japan at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics and took fifth place in the marathon.
Akaba was eighth at the 2012 Nagoya Marathon, but was chosen as the substitute for the Olympic team due to her World Championship performance. She didn't race at the Olympics, but won the Sanyo Women's Half Marathon later that year. Giving her fastest run since 2009, she won the 2013 All-Japan Corporate Team Half Marathon Championships with a time of 68:59 minutes. She had a her second best ever performance at the 2013 London Marathon, where her time of 2:24:43 hours was enough for third place. A course record of 2:27:17 hours followed at the Gold Coast Marathon in Australia in July.
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18889737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889737" title="Tatyana Aryasova">
Tatyana Aryasova

Tatyana Aryasova (née Khmeleva; born 2 April 1979 in Baldayevo) is a Russian long-distance runner who competes in the marathon.
She won the silver medal in 5000 metres at the 2001 Summer Universiade and won the bronze medal over the distance at the 2001 European Athletics U23 Championships. She did not compete from 2004 to 2007. On her return to international athletics, she won at the Los Angeles Marathon in what was her debut over the distance with a time of 2:29:09 hours. That year she finished nineteenth in the 10,000 metres at the 2008 Olympic Games. She also came 43rd at the 2008 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships that season.
She took part in the 2010 Bogota Half Marathon and finished in third place behind Shewarge Amare and Dire Tune. She ran a personal best and course record at the Dublin Marathon in October, finishing the course in a time of 2:26.13. Aryasova won her third marathon in February 2011, taking the prestigious women's title at the Tokyo Marathon.
In January, 2012 Aryasova was stripped of her Tokyo Marathon win and given a two-year ban by the IAAF for testing positive for the masking agent hydroxyethyl starch (HES) in tests given at the Tokyo Marathon. Runner-up Noriko Higuchi replaced Aryasova as the official winner of the 2011 Tokyo Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="18889741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889741" title="Damir Dugonjič">
Damir Dugonjič

Damir Dugonjič (born 21 February 1988 in Ravne na Koroškem, Slovenia) is a swimmer from Slovenia, who competed for his native country at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He competed in 100 metre breaststroke, where he finished 16th.
He attended school and swam for the USA's University of California, Berkeley from 2007–2011. At the 2010 NCAA Division I Men's Swimming & Diving Championships, he won the 100 breaststroke.

</doc>
<doc id="18889747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889747" title="Mariya Konovalova">
Mariya Konovalova

Mariya Ivanovna Konovalova (; born Mariya Pantyukhova on 14 August 1974 in Angarsk) is a Russian long-distance runner. She has represented Russia in both track running and cross country running and was the silver medallist at the 2006 European Cross Country Championships. She has competed at the World Championships in Athletics on four occasions and ran for Russia at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Konovalova began competing in marathon races in 2010, making her debut at the 2010 London Marathon and taking third place at the 2010 Chicago Marathon.
Career.
Born in Angarsk, she began her athletics career as a 5000 metres track runner. She made her first major appearance over the distance at the 1995 World Championships in Athletics. There she finished in sixth place in the final with a time of 15:01.23. She had also run over 3000 metres at the 1995 IAAF World Indoor Championships, where she was twelfth overall. She was fifth in that event the following year at the 1996 European Athletics Indoor Championships and won the bronze medal at the 1998 IAAF Grand Prix Final. Fourth in the 5000 m at the 1999 European Cup was followed by a seventh place finish in the final of the event at the 1999 World Championships in Athletics.
She progressed into cross country running in the middle of her career. A tenth place finish at the 2005 European Cross Country Championships was enough to help her Russian teammates (led by Inga Abitova) to the team gold medal. She reached the individual podium the following year at the 2006 European Cross Country Championships, taking the silver medal, although Russia finished fourth in the national team rankings.
She returned to the competition for a third time at the 2007 European Cross Country Championships but finished in fourth place. Konovalova won at the 2008 Fukuoka International Cross Country meeting in a fast time of 18:54, and she took another circuit win that year at the Almond Blossom Cross Country.
Competing on the track, she finished eleventh in the 5000 metres at the 2007 World Championships and fifth in the 10,000 metres final at the 2008 Olympic Games, the latter in a new personal best time of 30:35.84 minutes. She returned to the world stage at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics but could only manage eleventh place in the 10,000 m final.
She opened the 2010 season with a new Russian record in the 2000 metres event at the Yalamov Memorial Meeting. Konovalova made her debut in the marathon at the 2010 London Marathon in April and finished in sixteenth place overall. The 2010 European Athletics Championships saw her represent Russia over 5000 m and she finished in fifth place behind the Ethiopian and Portuguese duos. At the 2010 Chicago Marathon she reached her first major marathon podium, taking third place with a time of 2:23:50 as her compatriot Liliya Shobukhova won with a national record.
She ran at the 2011 London Marathon, but could manage only tenth in the fast race.

</doc>
<doc id="18889752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889752" title="SO1">
SO1

SO1 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18889758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889758" title="Peninah Arusei">
Peninah Arusei

Penninah Arusei Jerop (born 1 January 1979 in Uasin Gishu) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who specialises in road running competitions, especially the half marathon. She has represented Kenya at the Olympics, having competed in the 10,000 metres race at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Arusei has won races on the European road circuit, including the Dam tot Damloop, Berlin Half Marathon and Lisbon Half Marathon.
Career.
She won the Baringo 15 km Road Race in 2007, finishing in a time of 50:52. She represented Kenya at the 2007 Military World Games and won the 5000 metres gold medal, helping Kenyan top the athletics medal table.
She finished eighteenth in the 10,000 metres at the 2008 Olympic Games. Arusei competed at the 2008 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships finishing fifth and won silver as part of the Kenyan team. She was victorious at the Berlin Half Marathon, Berlin 25K, and the Dam tot Damloop road races that year, setting a 15 km personal best in the latter competition.
She won the 2009 Berlin 25K race setting a new course record and 25 Kilometres African record of 1:22:31 hours, erasing Catherine Ndereba's previous mark. Her African and course records did not last past the following edition, which was won in 2010 by another Kenyan, Mary Keitany, in a new world record time (1:19:53).
She began 2010 with a win at the Lisbon Half Marathon, finishing with a time of 1:08:38. She improved her personal best at the Lille Half Marathon in September, running 1:07:48, but she was beaten to the finish line by débutante Florence Kiplagat. Arusei was selected for the 2010 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships as a result and she gained the bronze medal, forming the winning Kenyan team with Kiplagat and Joyce Chepkirui. Her 2011 season stated at the Paris Half Marathon and set a course record time to win the race. Making her debut over the distance, she led at the Vienna City Marathon for the first 30 km. However, she slowed in the heat and ended up in third place with a time of 2:27:17 hours. At the Amsterdam Marathon, she was among the mid-race leaders but yet again fell behind in the second half, ending the race in sixth place.
She returned to the Lisbon Half Marathon in 2012 and finished fourth on that occasion.

</doc>
<doc id="18889778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889778" title="HeadFirst PD">
HeadFirst PD

HeadFirst Public Domain was a library of public domain software for the BBC Micro and Acorn Electron 8-bit computers. It also offered several discs of software for the Acorn Archimedes.
It was set up in December 1992 by two friends, Gareth Boden and James Treadwell. Gareth Boden seems to have done the majority of the programming. The friends were just leaving school at the time. It was a bedroom enterprise and HeadFirst PD produced paper catalogues of its products. The catalogues invited people to buy discs full of public domain software from HeadFirst PD for £1.25 per disc.
There are relatively few demos on the Acorn Electron and HeadFirst PD was unusual in that it released the majority of its software for the Acorn Electron, not the more-popular BBC Micro. Indeed, several of the better HeadFirst PD demos were Electron-only. The "Invader Demo" and the "Vortex Demo" were prime examples.
There are several different 'versions' of some HeadFirst PD discs, as the demos were sometimes revisited and slightly improved. The early versions of the discs were superseded. The early HeadFirst PD catalogues, for example, typically had one demo per disc. By the latest catalogue, seven or eight demos – although not all were programmed by the two authors – were typically on a menu-driven disc.
Not all games on HeadFirst PD discs were in fact programmed by HeadFirst PD. Many other public domain groups were going strong at the time, and each library 'borrowed' programs from the other. Some titles on HeadFirst PD discs also appear on BBC PD discs and Mad Rabbit PD discs.
HeadFirst PD was closed down in 1995. The two friends were contributors to the Electron User Group magazine and the launch and demise of the library is documented in full between issues #7 and #23.
The whole library of HeadFirst PD discs was 'lost' in 1995 when the library stopped supplying discs. In 2008, the library was re-discovered by Gareth Boden and was made available on the Acorn Electron World web site.
The best known demos from HeadFirst PD remain the "Invaders Demo" and the "Vortex Demo". "Invaders" shows a scrolling parallax stars backdrop with a simple space invaders game coupled with scrolling message. "Vortex" shows a spiral with interrupt-driven music and colour switching.
HeadFirst PD also produced several games, and 'data-packs' to such popular professional titles of the day such as White Magic and Repton Infinity. In fact, their extension 'data-packs' are the only surviving fan-based extensions to these popular Electron games.
HeadFirst PD also produced a spin-off library of images for use with the Stop Press 64 desktop publishing program.

</doc>
<doc id="18889779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889779" title="Kestrel (dinghy)">
Kestrel (dinghy)

The Kestrel was the first sailing dinghy especially designed to have a fibreglass hull. It was designed in 1955, by Ian Proctor. After a slow start, due to resistance to the new material, the Kestrel grew in popularity. This success led to more and more classes changing their rules to allow fibreglass construction. Today, the class is still a popular choice, particularly for 'club' racers and training schools. The design has been updated by Phil Morrison and is being built by Hartley Laminates.
Design.
The 'v' shaped bow that flared into a strong round-bilged hull under the mast was a direct descendant from existing Ian Proctor Merlin designs. Fibreglass along with the design gave the boat substantial toughness and a smooth regular finish.
History.
After its initial design, a few timber Kestrels were constructed as fibreglass technology was still very new. However when construction was converted to fibreglass, as originally intended, take up was slow as there was a mistrust of the new material. It was not until a highly regarded firm in Fordingbridge took up construction that the class started to grow. The firm made the boat for 25 years and introduced a Mark II version.
In 1988 Martin Services in Essex, UK took over construction. They caused a great increase in the number of boats built every year, by putting in significant financial capital and modernizing the construction process.
Since 1999, Richard Hartley's company Hartley Laminates have been the sole builders of Kestrels. They have released a new Kestrel called the Kestrel 2000, which is a stronger, stiffer version of the original Kestrel.
Handicap.
In handicap racing, the Kestrel sails off a Portsmouth Yardstick number of 1040 or a D-PN of 91.6.

</doc>
<doc id="18889798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889798" title="Bavarian Group Administration">
Bavarian Group Administration

The Bavarian Group Administration or "Gruppenverwaltung Bayern" was a largely autonomous railway administration within the Deutsche Reichsbahn (German Imperial Railways) between the two world wars. It was formed on 1 April 1920 from the former Bavarian State Railways, and was unique, Bavaria being the only former German state to have such status after the merger of the seven state railway companiess into the Reichsbahn. The rest of Germany was simply divided into various regional Reichsbahn railway divisions.
The Bavarian Group Administration itself also had four railway divisions: Augsburg, Munich, Nuremberg and Regensburg which reported to it and not, as in the rest of Germany, to the Reichsbahn directly. The former Palatinate Railway formed the Ludwigshafen division. On 1 October 1933, as the only group administration within the Deutsche Reichsbahn, the "Gruppenverwaltung Bayern", was disbanded.
Between 1920 and about 1924 when the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft was created as a company to run the railways, wagons of the Bavarian Group Administration continued to display the blue and white Bavarian state shield.

</doc>
<doc id="18889800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889800" title="John Tyrrell (musicologist)">
John Tyrrell (musicologist)

John Tyrrell (born 1942) is a British musicologist. Born in Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia (now Harare, Zimbabwe), he studied at the universities of Cape Town, Oxford and Brno. In 2000 he was appointed Research Professor at Cardiff University.
He has published several books on Leoš Janáček.

</doc>
<doc id="18889803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889803" title="Benoît Minisini">
Benoît Minisini

Benoît Minisini is a French programmer best known for programming the Gambas graphical development environment. Starting programming when he was twelve, he became interested in writing languages, compilers, assemblers, and interpreters.
This interest and a respect for the BASIC programming language caused him to create Gambas, which is inspired by Visual Basic. Benoît has said that he intended Gambas to have the best features of Visual Basic, without the numerous bugs and flaws he sees in the program and the language. Benoît has a part-time software job, studied at École Pour l'Informatique et les Techniques Avancées and currently lives in Paris, France.

</doc>
<doc id="18889815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889815" title="7K">
7K

7K or 7-K can refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18889847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889847" title="Robert Coombs">
Robert Coombs

Robert Darcy Coombs (born 29 July 1959) is an Australian politician and former Australian Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly. Coombs represented the electorate of Swansea from 2007 to his defeat at the New South Wales state election, 2011.
Coombs is the son of Max and Clare Coombs and has one brother (Darryl) and two sisters (Loretta and Merylin). He attended Swansea High School.
Coombs joined the Australian Merchant Navy in the 1970s (six years) working on BHP vessels sailing out of Newcastle. He joined the Maritime Union of Australia, and eventually rose to become the Sydney Branch Secretary of the Union, then its National President. He also became an Executive Member of Unions NSW. He resigned those roles upon being elected to Parliament.
Coombs supports the role of education for the Australian Aboriginal community, and continues to be the chairperson of Tranby Aboriginal College.
Coombs was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly in March 2007 for the electorate of Swansea.
Coombs is the Caucus chairman. He is also a member of the Committee on the Independent Commission Against Corruption and a member of the Joint Standing Committee on Electoral Matters.
He is married to the former Yasmin Catley, and they have three daughters.
At the March 2011 State Election, Coombs was defeated in the seat of Swansea, after suffering in the state-wide landslide defeat of the Labor Party. Coombs lost to the Liberal's Garry Edwards after just one term in parliament, becoming the first Labor member to be defeated by any other political party in Swansea.

</doc>
<doc id="18889857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889857" title="David Crawshay">
David Crawshay

David Crawshay is an Australian Olympic gold-medal winning and national champion rower from Victoria. He has represented for Australia in rowing at three consecutive Olympic games.
Rowing career.
Born 11 August 1979 in Carlton, Crawshay attended Melbourne Grammar School. His senior rowing has been with the Mercantile Rowing Club based on the Yarra River in Melbourne.
Crawshay is a three-time Australian national sculling champion, winning gold in Victorian colours in the President's Cup race at the Interstate Regatta at the Australian Rowing Championships on three occasions, in 2007, 2009 and 2010.
Crawshay's first Australian Olympic selection was for the Athens 2004 when he rowed in the Australian quad scull who won their B final. With his teammate Scott Brennan, Crawshay won the gold medal in the men's double sculls at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. Brennan and Crawshay teamed up again for London 2012. They finished in second place in the B final for an overall eighth place in the 2012 Olympic rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="18889869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889869" title="University of the Philippines College of Arts and Letters">
University of the Philippines College of Arts and Letters

The College of Arts and Letters (CAL) is one of the academic units in the University of the Philippines Diliman, located along Osmeña Avenue, Diliman, Quezon City, offering many degree programs in the field of arts, literature, linguistics among many others. CAL is housed at three establishments – at the CAL Main Building (where most of the classes are held), Bulwagang Rizal (or Rizal Hall, also known as the Faculty Center) beside Osmeña Avenue, and the Vargas Museum (dedicated to former U.P. alumnus Jorge Vargas, and features the collection of Fernando Amorsolo's artworks as well as the Filipiniana Research Center). The current college dean of CAL is Prof. Elena Rivera Mirano. She succeeded Prof. and National Artist for Literature Virgilio Almario.
About CAL.
In 1910, the University of the Philippines established a College of Philosophy, Science and Letters, soon renamed the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences. On 30 September, 1976, the College was divided to make it more manageable into three divisions. The Humanities division evolved into the College of Arts and Letters.
The College of Arts and Letters contains the Department of English and Comparative Literature, which dates back to 1910 under the original name Department of English; the Department of European Languages, originally founded in 1910 as multiple distinct languages; the Department of Speech Communication and Theater Arts (1959, then titled the Department of Speech Communication and Drama); the Department of Art Studies (1959, then the Department of Humanities); and the Department of Filipino and Philippine Literature (1966).

</doc>
<doc id="18889892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889892" title="Capitol Airport">
Capitol Airport

Capitol Airport is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) east of the central business district of Brookfield, a city in Waukesha County, Wisconsin, United States. It is privately owned by Wisconsin Aviation Investments LLC. The airport is also known as, or formerly known as Capitol Drive Airport.
Facilities and aircraft.
Capitol Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 850 feet (259 m) above mean sea level. It has one asphalt paved runway designated 3/21 which measures 3,501 x 44 ft. (1,067 x 13 m), plus two turf runways: 9/27 measuring 3,395 x 100 ft. (1,035 x 30 m) and 18/36 measuring 1,600 x 80 ft. (488 x 24 m).
The facility has no published instrument procedures and no instrument navigational aids.
For the 12-month period ending September 7, 2007, the airport had 15,150 aircraft operations, an average of 41 per day: 99% general aviation and 1% military. At that time there were 109 aircraft based at this airport: 94% single-engine, 1% multi-engine, 1% helicopter and 5% ultralight.
Brookfield Aero, LLC is the fixed base operator.

</doc>
<doc id="18889897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889897" title="Miodrag Todorcevic">
Miodrag Todorcevic

Miodrag Todorčević, "Миодраг Тодорчевић" (born 10 November 1940, Belgrade) a Serbian-French chess master and coach. 
In his chess career, he represented Yugoslavia/Serbia (till 1968 and 1977-2003), France (1968-1977), and Spain (since 2003).
He won five times in Paris City Chess Championship (1966, 1967, 1973, 1974, 1976) and won French Chess Championship at Dijon 1975.
Todorcevic played twice for France in Chess Olympiads in 1972 and 1974.
He was awarded the Grandmaster title in 1989. His current Elo rating is 2450.

</doc>
<doc id="18889898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889898" title="Lac de Montriond">
Lac de Montriond

Lac de Montriond is a lake at Montriond in the Haute-Savoie department of France. It has a surface area of 32 ha.

</doc>
<doc id="18889914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889914" title="IBM international chess tournament">
IBM international chess tournament

The IBM international chess tournament was a series of very strong chess tournaments held in the Amsterdam, The Netherlands from 1961 to 1981, and was sponsored by IBM.

</doc>
<doc id="18889942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889942" title="23rd World Scout Jamboree">
23rd World Scout Jamboree

The will take place at Kirara-hama, Yamaguchi, Japan in 2015. The theme will be "和 Wa: A Spirit of Unity". The kanji 和, meaning harmony, unity or togetherness, is also a part of the theme. "Wa" is also an early name for Japan.
Japan and Singapore both bid to host. The event is timed to coincide with the 70th anniversary of the United States' atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, between which the Jamboree site is situated. Memorial events are planned.
The Jamboree site is a flat land with an area of 2.8 km north to south by 1 km east to west. There is a natural park on the site, where wildlife living on Kirara-hama is preserved. Millions of wild birds visit Kirara-hama every year. In addition, the Jamboree site is equipped with water supply and sewage systems, as well as a sports dome and a swimming pool that can be used for programs. The holding of a Jamboree will create a minimum of environmental and economic burden. Access to the site is easy by high-speed transportation systems such as airplanes and Shinkansen bullet trains.
The site is located 30 minutes from Shin-Yamaguchi Station on the JR Shinkansen line, which is capable of carrying a large number of passengers. Within a 2-hour radius of the site, four international airports serve, out of which, Fukuoka International Airport and Kansai International Airport are located west and east of the site.

</doc>
<doc id="18889986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889986" title="Haldia Utsav">
Haldia Utsav

Haldia Utsav is an annual cultural festival in December or January in Haldia, West Bengal, India.

</doc>
<doc id="18889990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18889990" title="Dave Pottinger">
Dave Pottinger

Dave Pottinger is a programmer. He was the Lead Programmer and Director of Technology at Ensemble Studios, where he worked on game engines and AI. He is a graduate of University of Arizona with a computer engineering degree and has a wife, Kristen.

</doc>
<doc id="18890000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890000" title="Michael Poulsen">
Michael Poulsen

Michael Poulsen (born April 1, 1975) is a Danish vocalist and guitarist. He is currently the singer and main songwriter of the band Volbeat.
Biography.
Michael Poulsen grew up in Ringsted, Denmark which is about a 40 miles (63 kilometers) from Copenhagen in a working-class family. He has a twin sister and two older sisters who are also twins. His parents were big fans of Elvis Presley, Jerry Lee Lewis, Johnny Cash, and Chuck Berry. As a teenager, he got in touch with metal music like Metallica, Iron Maiden, Whitesnake, Deep Purple, Iced Earth and Black Sabbath. At the age of 17, he moved to Copenhagen and formed his first band Dominus. Poulsen stated a major influence during this period was Chuck Schuldiner and his band Death.
Dominus released four records between 1994 and 2000. The band split-up a year later as Poulsen was fed up with death metal music and the death metal scene. He wrote new songs with a more rock'n'roll approach and established Volbeat. After releasing two demos, their debut album "The Strength / The Sound / The Songs" reached number 18 in the Danish charts and became the first album of a Danish metal band in 20 years to enter the top 20. On 22 April 2006, Poulsen performed with some of Elvis Presley's studio musicians in Copenhagen. Volbeat's sophomore record "Rock the Rebel / Metal the Devil" and their third effort "Guitar Gangsters & Cadillac Blood" went straight to number 1 in the Danish charts.
Poulsen later showed his affinity towards Social Distortion, and taking cues from a "new influence" created Volbeat's distinct sound.
March 2010 Poulsen was married at Graceland, Memphis, to his wife Lina.
In 2012, Poulsen is doing a liner note for the Relapse Records reissue of Death's 1990 album Spiritual Healing, which he considers one of his favorite albums.
Musical equipment.
Poulsen primarily plays Gibson SG guitars, early on he used a Tony Iommi signature model but has lately switched to a GT-model equipped with Seymour Duncan pickups. Occasionally an ESP Ltd and Gibson Les Paul Goldtop is also used. Poulsen plays his guitars through an Ibanez Tube Screamer, a noise suppressor, a vintage equalizer and a maximizer pedal. For amplification Poulsen uses a Marshall JCM800 2210 model.
Awards.
In 2006, Poulsen was nominated in the categories "Singer of the year" and "Composer of the year" at the annual Steppeulven awards. Two years later, he was nominated in the category "Best singer" at the Danish Music Awards.
Discography.
with Dominus.
no links

</doc>
<doc id="18890006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890006" title="Frederick Cox">
Frederick Cox

Frederick Cox may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18890021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890021" title="North Berwick Branch">
North Berwick Branch

The North Berwick Branch was promoted by the North British Railway to connect North Berwick to its Main Line at .
History.
In 1846, the North British Railway (NBR) obtained an Act of Parliament (the North Berwick Railway Act) authorising the construction of a branch line from Drem Junction to North Berwick Harbour. The final half mile line of the approved line would have involved substantial embankments carrying the line down to and along the foreshore in order to reach the harbour, and it was soon decided that this expense was not justified. The branch opened as far as a temporary terminus at on 13 August 1849, and the permanent terminus at opened on 17 June 1850. The temporary Williamstown station closed as soon as North Berwick opened, and a small intermediate station at Dirleton opened on the same day.
When completed the branch line was 4.7 miles long, and although all earthworks and structures were built to accommodate double tracks, only one line of rails was ever laid. Initially the line was not a success, and in 1856 the NBR attempted to cut costs by converting most of the branch passenger trains to horse traction. A small horse-drawn carriage was transferred from the Portobello to Leith line, but this lasted only a year before being withdrawn. The carriage was known as the 'Dandy Car', and was later sold to the Silloth Railway for use on their Port Carlisle branch. It is now preserved at the National Railway Museum in York.
Current operations.
The two intermediate stations are now closed. However, the line is open to passenger traffic served by First ScotRail from and as part of the North Berwick Line.
Rolling stock.
The North Berwick branch has been served by a variety of rolling stock over its life. Steam locomotives were typically tank engines, North British Railway 4-4-0T, 0-4-4T and 4-4-2T successively being the norm. By the end of regular steam passenger service on the branch in 1958, LNER Class V1/V3 2-6-2T engines were the usual power. Despite there being no turntable, tender engines were also used on both passenger and goods traffic, mainly 4-4-0s and 0-6-0s. Excursion traffic very occasionally brought larger engines such as K3 Class 2-6-0s. LNER steam railcars were tried in the late 1920s and '30s, with limited success. Clayton Type 1 diesel locomotives operated the branch goods service in its final years, but subsequently visits by diesel locomotive have been confined to occasional engineering trains.
Early diesel multiple units (DMUs) used on the line from 1958 onwards were Class 100 and Class 101. Subsequently, many different types of DMU appeared on the line, including Class 104, Class 105, Class 107, Class 108 and Class 120. In 1987 new Class 150 "Sprinter" DMUs took over some services.
Upon electrification in 1991, five thirty-year-old 305 electric multiple units (EMUs) were refurbished for the line, having been made redundant from London Liverpool Street suburban services. In their later years these trains became unreliable and deputisation by diesel units (including equally elderly Class 117s) was not uncommon. Prior to privatisation, it was not unknown for InterCity 125 diesel-electric units to operate to North Berwick if no other train was available.
Most services were operated using five Class 322 4-car EMUs. These trains were built in 1990 for use on London Liverpool Street to Stansted Airport express services, but were displaced from these services by 2001 when they were leased to ScotRail to allow withdrawal of the elderly Class 305s. They were occasionally assisted by Class 318's especially during the half hourly services on Saturdays. Their lease expired in mid-2004 and the 322s returned to England, prompting a search for suitable replacement stock. No modern EMUs were available at the time, and the line reverted to locomotive haulage for a time, using Class 90 electric locomotives hired from EWS and former Virgin Trains Mark 3 coaches, with each set incorporating a DVT to allow push-pull operation.
In mid-2005 the Class 322 units became available again, refurbished for permanent use by First ScotRail. Apart from the Class 322s, diesel units of Classes 156, 158 and 170 also operated some services, mainly on Saturdays when there were not enough EMUs to maintain a half-hour frequency throughout the day.
In June 2011, Class 380s began operating the North Berwick line, phasing out all Class 322s which were all returned to England.

</doc>
<doc id="18890040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890040" title="Bavarian EP 2">
Bavarian EP 2

The electric locomotives of Bavarian Class EP 2 were in light passenger train service in Germany for almost 50 years. After their initial classification as EP 2 by the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staats-Eisenbahnen"), they were redesignated as E 32s from 1927 to 1968 in the DRG's numbering plan and, later in the DB classification scheme. In their final years, post-1968, they were given the EDV-compatible classification of 132. Characteristic of the E 32 was its short length and link drive ("Stangenantrieb").
History.
The Bavarian Group Administration of the Deutsche Reichsbahn procured 29 E 32 electric locomotives between 1924 and 1926-29 for light passenger train duties. To begin with they still carried their Bavarian classification of EP2 20 006 to 034, before they were allocated to DRG Class E 32. Numbers 01 to 05 were unused, because they had already been allocated to the Bavarian EP 1 (later DRG Class E 62). The E 32s were employed on all the Upper Bavarian lines. In 1932 the top speed on eight of the engines was raised from 75 to 90 km/h after they had been give new gear transmissions. These eight machines were then given the numbers E 32 101 to 108 (E32.1).
Deutsche Bundesbahn.
24 engines were taken over by the Deutsche Bundesbahn after the Second World War, five had had to be written off as war losses. In 1968 22 machines were renumbered ito the EDP system as Class 132. Their service ended on 1 August 1972, when the last eight 132s were retired.
Museum.
E 32 27 has been preserved. It is housed in the Bochum-Dahlhausen Railway Museum as a non-operational exhibit.

</doc>
<doc id="18890057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890057" title="Görlitz (district)">
Görlitz (district)

Görlitz () is a district ("Kreis") in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is named after its capital city Görlitz. It borders (from the west and clockwise) the district of Bautzen, the state Brandenburg, Poland and the Czech Republic.
History.
The district was established in August 2008 by merging three smaller districts: the district of Löbau-Zittau, Niederschlesischer Oberlausitzkreis (Lower Silesian Upper Lusatia district) and the urban district of Görlitz.
Geography.
The district comprises the south-eastern part of Lusatia and west part of Silesia, including part of the Lausitzer Bergland. The Lusatian Neisse forms its eastern border, the Spree flows through the western part of the district.
Coat of arms.
The coat of arms of Görlitz district contains references to the various territories the district has been part of in the past. The black eagle with the crescent over its chest refers to Silesia. The crowned lion with two tails refers to Bohemia. The wall refers to the city of Bautzen and Upper Lusatia, and the lime leaves refer to the Sorbian community.

</doc>
<doc id="18890060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890060" title="The Phoenix Concerts">
The Phoenix Concerts

The Phoenix Concerts is a live album released in 1974, and it is the seventh solo album by folk musician John Stewart, former member of the Kingston Trio. It was recorded live at Phoenix Symphony Hall in Phoenix, Arizona, March 1974, and it was Stewart's first live album release. It was originally released as a double album.
Track listing.
All compositions by John Stewart.

</doc>
<doc id="18890061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890061" title="Noémi Boekel">
Noémi Boekel

Noémi Boekel (born March 8, 1984 in Huizen) is a Dutch softball player, who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
Boekel played for Zuidvogels, Instant Holland A90, Amsterdam Pirates and since 2005 for Sparks Haarlem. She is a catcher and third baseman who bats and throws right-handed. She competes for the Dutch national team since 2004. In 2007 she won the Egbert van der Sluis Memorial for being the best Dutch under-23 international player. She is part of the Dutch team for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18890066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890066" title="Shamsuddeen Usman">
Shamsuddeen Usman

Shamsuddeen Usman (born 18 September 1949 in Garangamawa area of Kano, Nigeria) is a former Minister of National Planning, former Chairman of the Steering Committee on Nigeria Vision 2020 and a past Finance Minister of Nigeria. He is an Officer of the Order of the Federal Republic (OFR) and a former Member of the Federal Executive Council, National Economic Council and the Economic Management Team.
Usman was the first Nigerian Minister to publicly declare his assets before assuming office as a public officer, an act considered as a sign of accountability and transparency in a country noted for its high levels of corruption.
Education and personal life.
Shamsuddeen Usman was born to a family living in Warure Quarters of Kano State. His Father, an Islamic scholar, died when he was about six years old.
He began his education at Dandago Primary School. After a secondary school education at the prestigious Government College Keffi and King's College, Lagos, he gained a BSc. in Economics from Ahmadu Bello University in Zaria, Nigeria. He later won a National scholarship to study for his MSc. and PhD at the London School of Economics and Political Science between 1977 and 1980. During his first two years at the London School of Economics, he served as a teaching assistant for the final year class in Public Finance.
Work life.
From 1974 to 1976, Usman worked as the Planning Officer for the Kano State Ministry of Economic Planning. He taught Economic Analysis and Public Finance to students in Ahmadu Bello University, Bayero University Kano and University of Jos between 1976 and 1981. He was a Controller at the Nigerian Industrial Development Bank (NIDB) and then served as the Director of Budget/ Special Economic Adviser to the Kano State Government between 1981 and 1985. Usman was then appointed the General Manager of NAL Merchant Bank (currently Sterling Bank).
Impact of privatisation and commercialisation on Nigerian economy.
From 1989 to 1991 Usman served as the pioneer Director General of The Technical Committee of Privatisation and Commercialisation, now the Bureau of Public Enterprises and was responsible for the Phase I programme with the task to reform public enterprises, as an integral and critical component of the International Monetary Fund-led Structural Adjustment Programme (SAP), which was started in 1986.
Under his supervision, about 88 public enterprises were either fully or partially privatised without any foreign technical assistance. The programme succeeded in relieving the government of the huge and growing burden of financing public enterprises, minimised the overstretching of government’s managerial capacity through a redefinition of the role of the supervising ministries, created a large body of shareholders and deepened and broadened the Nigerian Capital Market to the position of being the most developed in black Africa. The market capitalisation of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) through which the shares were sold has grown from N8.9 billion in 1987 (before privatisation) to N65.5 billion in 1994 (after the Phase-I). The catalytic effect of the volume of shares released into the market via the privatisation exercise cannot be over emphasised.
The TCPC became the current Bureau of Public Enterprises (BPE) in 1993.
In summary, the Phase-I of the privatisation has given the Nigerian economy some benefits, like:
Banking.
Usman was head-hunted to become the Executive Director of United Bank for Africa in charge of the International and Investments Sector and due to his strong performance, their biggest rival at the time, Union Bank of Nigeria appointed him to become their Executive Director and Head of Corporate and International Banking. His time at Union Bank was short-lived as NAL Merchant Bank recruited him to become their Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, a post that he kept for over five years. He was also a Member of the Committee on Vision 2010.
At the return to democracy in Nigeria in 1999, Usman was appointed as the Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria in charge of Domestic Monetary and Banking Policy, later modified to Financial Sector Surveillance. He was also responsible for heading Project Eagles, the Central Bank of Nigeria's reform programme, responsible for converting the organisation into one of the most efficient, effective and goal-focused institutions in Nigeria. From January 2004 - June 2007 he was the Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria in charge of the Operations Directorate. From 2005, he served as Chairman and then Alternate Chairman of the Nigerian Security Printing and Minting Company Limited (NSPMC). In this role, he oversaw the introduction of N500 and N1000 notes and the reorganisation of the Mint into a more profitable company with greater operating efficiency.
He has served as the Chairman of the Abuja Stock Exchange, Nigerian Export Import Bank (NEXIM) and Financial Institutions Training Centre. Usman has also served as a President of the Nigerian Economic Society and is a Fellow of the Society. He is also a Board Member of the African Economic Research Consortium and the African Export-Import Bank.
Economy and finance.
Usman was appointed as the Minister of Finance of Nigeria from May 2007 - January 2009. In this role, he served as the Head of the Economic Management Team and as the Vice Chairman of the National Council on Privatisation. Usman introduced a system of performance-based budgeting and pursued various economic reforms such as reducing the average Nigerian Ports Clearing time from approx. 2 months to approx. 14 days during his tenure; increasing the capitalization, trust and effectiveness of the insurance sector together with pursing the implementation of the Insurance Act; cancellation of illegal waivers and concessions which led to revenue leakages of over $2 billion; reducing Nigeria's external debt; and easing customs charges and capital market charges for operators to promote a vibrant and hassle-free environment for investment in the economy.
In times leading to the presentation of the government`s budget by the President (Umaru Musa Yar'Adua) to the National Assembly, Usman did not enjoy a cordial relationship with a few Members of the Senate and House of Assembly as both, on all occasions during the preparation of the budget, were pushing for increased government spending against Usman's wishes, particularly as the Nation was suffering from dwindling oil revenues. Usman claimed the reason for this is that the Economy of Nigeria lacked the capacity to take this increased spending, given its deflated revenue base and in order to control inflation and curtail corruption and improper implementation as in the Power Sector during the Obasanjo administration; this should be avoided. Usman blamed the low level of execution of the 2008 budget partly to the delays caused by the National Assembly in approving the Budget, a statement that the Members of the National Assembly were very unhappy with.
In preparing the 2007 (appropriation), 2008, 2008 (appropriation) and 2009 budgets, Usman also introduced a system of budgeting based on Medium Term Development Plans as opposed to misguided annual budgeting which showed coherency with respect to national development plans in succeeding years, as was done in the past.
In a similar manner to Trevor Manuel, the previous Finance Minister of South Africa, Usman was appointed as the Minister/Deputy Chairman of the National Planning Commission of Nigeria and as the Chairman of the Steering Committee on Nigeria Vision 2020 in January 2009. In this role, he is responsible for Economic and Developmental Strategy of the Nation through the formulation of a Medium Term National Plan/Policy Framework, a Long-Term National Plan (Nigeria Vision 2020) and working with the Ministry of Finance to set the overall objectives of the Annual Budget (Short-Term Plan).
He is also responsible for supervising the Monitoring and Implementation of these National Development Plans, the European Development Fund (EDF) Country Strategy Paper (CSP) and the National Indicative Programme (NIP). As the Minister of National Planning, he also oversees the National Bureau of Statistics, the Centre for Management and Development and the Nigerian Institute of Social and Economic Research (NISER).
He is also a member of the Presidential Steering Committee on the global financial crisis.
Minister of National Planning (January 2009 to March 2010).
As Minister of National Planning, Usman:
Nigeria Sovereign Wealth Fund.
In the years preceding 2008, Nigeria benefitted from the surge in oil prices, which allowed the government to build up excess reserves and increase public expenditure. However, Usman had identified that oil price volatility posed very high risks to growth in Nigeria’s oil-dependent economy, and as such pushed for the establishment of a Sovereign Wealth Fund, which will serve as a long-term saving fund for future generations and also as a development fund for socio-economic projects It was planned to be similar to the Government Pension Fund of Norway. Normally, excess revenue (i.e. actual revenue less budgeted revenue) was saved in the excess crude account, to prevent overheating the economy, though as there is no legal arrangement for the management of the excess crude account, and no mandate for it to be used as a future generations fund, a Sovereign Wealth Fund was necessary to enhance efficiency in the management of the country’s reserves. Usman constituted a Presidential Technical Committee on the Establishment of the Nigeria Sovereign Wealth Fund, which submitted its report to the National Economic Council and the President. However, due to Usman’s redeployment to the Ministry of National Planning, efforts to establish the Sovereign Wealth Fund have been put on hold.
Re-nomination: battle with the Mafia and local politicians.
Following the dissolution of the cabinet by Acting President, Goodluck Jonathan, Usman was one of nine out of a total of 42 ministers re-nominated to serve as a government Minister in the new cabinet. This was due to his neutrality on political issues and good working relationship with the Acting President. Usman’s re-nomination was not viewed favorably by members of the Kano State PDP chapter, as they perceived Usman to be a technocrat and not a politician, and as such would not serve the self-interests of the People’s Democratic Party in Kano State. This led to political lobbying from several interest groups to prevent his nomination. As a result, the Presidency instructed the Senate to delay his screening, and by the next morning, the local newspapers were reporting that he had been dropped as a Minister due to political interests against his appointment as a Technocrat.
However, on the same morning of the newspaper reports, Usman was the first to be screened by the Senate where he answered a variety of questions on the economy, and answered questions on his performance as a Minister of Finance and National Planning. It was here where he made his famous statements on his battles with the economic mafia in Nigeria who sabotage the government’s revenue generating ability.
Philanthropy.
Usman is the Chairman and one of the founding members of the Kano Peace and Development Initiative (KAPEDI), a group of concerned indigenes of Kano State individuals driven to resuscitate the economic activity of Kano State especially after the religious conflict in 2004.
He also started Gidauniyar Alheri, an NGO in the Garangamawa area of Kano city that provides human resource development training to youth in Nigeria, and particularly in Kano State. OICI has trained some of their staff in microenterprise development, and they now assist in providing microenterprise training to OICI's Nigeria JOBS beneficiaries. The NGO also comprises The Gidauniyar Alheri Enterprise and Development Centre, Gidauniya Alheri Microfinance Bank Limited and a community hospital. It also plays a huge role in microcredit schemes particularly to women in the local area; IT training and extra-tuition for youths in the local area.

</doc>
<doc id="18890074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890074" title="8V">
8V

8V or 8-V may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18890075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890075" title="Nirvanix">
Nirvanix

Nirvanix was an American-based provider of cloud storage services headquartered in San Diego, California, United States. The company offered public, hybrid and private cloud storage services with usage-based pricing. 
Based on previous service companies founded in 1998, Nirvanix shut down in October 2013.
History.
Streamload, founded in 1998 in San Diego, California by Steve Iverson, a student at Pomona College, was one of the first Internet storage services, receiving various accolades for products between 2002 and 2006. The company attracted angel investor and computer software entrepreneur Charlie Jackson and $1.2 million in investment by August 2004.
Streamload's flagship product was renamed to MediaMax and spun off on July 1, 2007, with the existing company being renamed to Nirvanix. The failure of MediaMax (renamed to The Linkup) on August 8, 2008, resulted in permanent loss of data for around 20,000 paying customers; Nirvanix denied responsibility for the data loss, saying that Savvis was contracted by its The Linkup spin-off to host the application and the database.
Patrick Harr and Geoff Tudor wanted to pursue the storage service market for enterprise customers. A new Nirvanix system, called the Storage Delivery Network, was built with new software and hardware systems. Nirvanix incorporated both the lessons-learned operating a large-scale online storage service under Streamload as well as techniques in clustering, virtualization, database-driven file system architectures and distributed networking. Nirvanix filed nine patents on this new platform in August 2007.
It announced its Nirvanix Storage Delivery Network in September 2007, comparing it to the Amazon Simple Storage Service.
The company raised $12 million in September 2007 from Mission Ventures Valhalla Partners and Windward Ventures.
Intel Capital added $5 million in funding in December 2007 (along with original investors and European Founders Fund), and then more funding in April 2009.
An additional round was announced in November 2010.
On May 3, 2012, Nirvanix announced it raised over $25 million in a Series C funding round led by Khosla Ventures, bringing Nirvanix's total capital raised to $70 million.
Nirvanix provided public, hybrid, and private cloud storage service options. The underlying technology included:
Storage was accessible via HTTP, using the Nirvanix Web Services application programming interface based on Representational State Transfer (REST) and Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP) or the Nirvanix CloudNAS gateway software.
Scott Genereux was appointed president and CEO of Nirvanix in November 2010, replacing Jim Zierick.
Since then the company overhauled its management team and signed a number of partners, including a 5-year OEM agreement with IBM. Nirvanix has also deployed petabyte-scale clouds at Cerner, USC, and others.
In December 2012 Genereux left to join Oracle Corporation, and was replaced by Dru Borden, who was then replaced by Debra Chrapaty in March 2013.
Despite the earlier agreement, IBM acquired SoftLayer in June 2013 and started a competitor IBM Cloud Services Division.
Closure.
On September 16, 2013 Nivanix notified customers that they had until September 30, 2013 to move their data off of the service at which point Nirvanix would shut down.
By September 28, 2013, the company deactivated its website and replaced it with a statement that included customer support details. 
Nirvanix said an IBM team could assist customers with transferring their data from the Nirvanix infrastructure.
The company filed for US Chapter 11 bankruptcy on October 1, 2013, which was approved on October 8.

</doc>
<doc id="18890079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890079" title="My Brother Cicero">
My Brother Cicero

My Brother Cicero is a 1998 comedy short film written by Louis Mandylor and Tony Nittoli starring Louis Mandylor, Costas Mandylor and Tony Nittoli. Filmed in Hollywood, it garnered two independent film awards and generated mostly positive reviews from critics.
Plot.
The harsh tale of an abusive relationship between a man and his cat - who steals his women and drugs, kills his mobster boss, and altogether terrorizes him.

</doc>
<doc id="18890086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890086" title="Dragon Skin">
Dragon Skin

Dragon Skin is a type of ballistic vest made by Pinnacle Armor. It is currently produced in Fresno, California. Its characteristic two-inch-wide circular discs overlap like scale armor, creating a flexible vest that allows a good range of motion and is intended to absorb a high number of hits compared with other military body armor. The discs are composed of silicon carbide ceramic matrices and laminates, much like the larger ceramic plates in other types of bullet resistant vests.
The armor is available in three basic protection levels: SOV-2000, which has previously had certification to Level III protection; SOV-3000, which is rated as Level IV by the manufacturer, but has not officially certified as such; and a rating-unspecified "Level V" variant not available to the general public.
Dragon Skin has been worn by some civilian contractors in Iraq, some special operations forces in Iraq and Afghanistan, some SWAT teams, nine generals in Afghanistan, bodyguards tasked with protecting generals, and U.S. Secret Service personnel. The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has also purchased Dragon Skin. The Seattle superhero Phoenix Jones is also said to have incorporated Dragon Skin into his suit.
Structure.
SOV-2000 armor is made of an overlapping series of high tensile strength ceramic discs encased in an sonic skin textile cover. Different layout configurations with variations in coverage are available.
AMI level III plates are fabricated using an outer MARS steel layer bonded to a compressed Dyneema backing, with a linex coating for spall reduction, resulting in a total plate thickness of approximately . AMI level III × plates weigh about and × plates are about .
SOV-2000 is made of overlapping approximately × ceramic discs encased in a fabric cover. In evaluating the Dragon Skin system, it is important to note that while the external measurements of the Dragon Skin panel are × , the area of level III coverage provided by the encased ceramic discs is × ; the fabric edges are "not" intended to provide ballistic protection. Weight of the SOV-2000 armor providing × of level III protection was approximately .
Testing.
Television.
In a test for the History Channel's military show, "Mail Call", the vest repelled nine rounds of steel-core ammunition from an AK-47 full automatic and 35 rounds of 9×19mm from a Heckler & Koch MP5A3, all fired into a 10-by-12-inch area on the vest. On "Test Lab", also on the History Channel, the vest withstood 120 rounds fired from a Type 56 (7.62×39 mm) rifle and Heckler & Koch MP5 (9×19 mm). In another demonstration on the Discovery Channel series "Future Weapons", a Dragon Skin vest withstood numerous rounds (including steel core rounds) from an AK-47, an Heckler & Koch MP5SD, an M4 carbine (5.56×45 mm), and a point-blank detonation of an M67 grenade. While the vest was heavily damaged (mainly by the grenade), there was no penetration of the armor.
In 2007, NBC News had independent ballistics testing conducted of Dragon Skin versus Interceptor body armor. Retired four-star general Wayne A. Downing observed the tests and concluded that although the number of trials performed was limited, the Dragon Skin armor performed significantly better. 
In light of the May 2007 media investigations, senators Hillary Clinton and Jim Webb requested that Comptroller General of the United States David M. Walker initiate a Government Accountability Office investigation into the army's body armor systems.
After being confronted with conflicting information by lawmakers who questioned the NBC test results and provided Army-supplied data of vest failures from a May 2006 test, the technical expert solicited by NBC to certify its test backed away from his staunch defense of Dragon Skin and stated that the vests "weren't ready for prime time".
It was also featured on "Time Warp" on the Discovery Channel.
Law enforcement.
In Fresno, California, a police department commissioned the purchase of Dragon Skin for its officers after a vest stopped all the bullets fired during a test, including .308 rounds from a rifle and 30 rounds from a 9mm MP5 fired from five feet away. Ninety-eight federal, state, and local law enforcement officers witnessed the SWAT test. The armor also stopped 40 rounds of PS-M1943 mild steel-core bullets from an AK-47 along with 200 9 mm full metal jacket bullet fired from a submachine gun.
Academic.
Dragon Skin SOV-2000 level III armor was also tested the week of October 2, 2006 by Dr. Gary Roberts, LCDR, USNR, Stanford University Medical Center. These tests were conducted for a local law enforcement agency, as a control sample a stand-alone Armored Mobility Incorporated (AMI) level III steel composite plate armor was used for comparison. Both types of armor were conditioned for 12 hours at , then moved to ambient air for approximately 90 minutes prior to being shot. The problems associated with the use of inelastic clay backing material have been well documented; as such, the armor was secured to a life-size curvilinear torso replica made of Perma-Gel. Each armor system was shot a minimum of 20 times with five rounds of each ammunition type fired against each armor system—one 90 degree perpendicular shot, two shots at 60 degrees obliquity, and two shots at 30 degrees obliquity, using each of the following loads fired at a distance of :
All of the above ammo was successfully stopped by both armor systems in this testing, with no armor failures or penetrations, even after receiving multiple hits.
Military testing.
Dragon Skin became the subject of controversy with the U.S. Army over testing it against its Interceptor body armor. The Army claimed Pinnacle's body armor was not proven to be effective. In tests run for the Air Force there were multiple failures to meet the claimed level of protection. This coupled with poor quality control (over 200 of the 380 vests delivered to USAF OSI were recalled due to improperly manufactured armor disks) and accusations of fraudulent claims of official NIJ rating which Pinnacle had not actually obtained at the time of purchase led to the termination of the USAF contract. Pinnacle attempted to appeal this decision, but courts found in favor of the USAF. 
On April 26, 2006 Pinnacle Armor issued a press release to address these claims and a product recall instigated by the United States Navy. The company stated that although vests were returned due to a manufacturing issue, a test on the Dragon Skin Level III armor was conducted by the United States Air Force Office of Special Investigations at a U.S Army Aberdeen Test Center in Aberdeen, Maryland in February 2006, which concluded that it "did not fail any written contract specifications" set forth by the Air Force, which was further stated by Pinnacle Armor to require high ballistic performance due to the hostile environments in which AFOSI operates. 
Weapon review website Defense Review also published an article similarly dissenting, noting that in their test and review of the Dragon Skin armor, they had found that it was "significantly superior in every combat-relevant way to U.S. Army PEO Soldier's and U.S. Army Natick Soldier Center (NSC)/Soldier Systems Center's Interceptor Body Armor". 
The Pentagon stated that the test results were classified and neither side could agree to terms on another, more comprehensive test. The Army wanted to hold and inspect the vests for 1–2 weeks before shooting at them, and Pinnacle wanted them shot at right away from out of the box because they said they feared the Army tampering with them in order to save their currently cheaper body armor program.
On May 19, 2006 it was announced that the dispute had been resolved and the vests were going to be retested again by the Army to clear the dispute. On May 20, 2006 it was announced by "The Washington Post" (and other newspapers) in an article titled "Potential Advance in Body Armor Fails Tests" that the Dragon Skin vests had failed the retest according to their anonymous source. Official results of these tests were classified at the time but have since been released by the Army.
On June 6, 2006 in comments posted on an online discussion forum, Karl Masters, director of engineering for Program Manager - Soldier Equipment, said he recently supervised the retest and commented on it. "I was recently tasked by the army to conduct the test of the 30 Dragon Skin SOV-3000 level IV body armor purchased for T&E and evaluation," Masters wrote. "My day job is acting product manager for Interceptor Body Armor. I'm under a gag order until the test results make it up the chain. I will, however, offer an enlightened and informed recommendation to anyone considering purchasing an SOV-3000 Dragon Skin—don't. I do not recommend this design for use in an AOR with a 7.62×54R AP threat and an ambient temperature that could range to 120 F. I do, however, highly recommend this system for use by insurgents..."
In response to these claims, Pinnacle Armor released a press release on June 30, 2006. Official results of these tests are classified.
According to the Army, the vests failed because the extreme temperature tests caused the discs to dislodge, thus rendering the vest ineffective. Pinnacle Armor affirms that their products can withstand environmental tests in accordance with military standards, as does testing by the Aberdeen Test Center.
In response to claims made by several U.S. Senators, Dragon Skin and special interest groups, on Monday, May 21, 2007, the Army held a press conference where they released the results of the tests they claimed Dragon Skin failed.
In April 2008 one of the Dragon Skin vests, with a serial number that identifies it as one of 30 vests bought by the Department of Defense for U.S. Army for testing in 2006, was listed and later bought from eBay. The seller, David Bronson, allegedly was connected to a U.S. Army testing facility. The U.S. Government Accountability Office (GOA), the U.S. Department of Justice, and the F.B.I. are investigating the matter as of May 2008. The buyer described the vest as having been shot at least 20 times, with not a single through-penetration.
U.S. Army bans privately purchased body armor.
On March 30, 2006 the Army banned all privately purchased commercial body armor in theater. Army officials told the Associated Press that the ban order was prompted by concerns that soldiers or their families were buying inadequate or untested commercial armor from private companies. The Army ban refers specifically to Pinnacle's Dragon Skin armor saying that the company advertising implies that Dragon Skin "is superior in performance" to the Interceptor Body Armor the military issues to soldiers. The Marine Corps has not issued a similar directive, but Marines are "encouraged to wear Marine Corps-issued body armor since this armor has been tested to meet fleet standards." NBC News learned that well after the Army ban that select elite forces assigned to protect generals and VIPs in Iraq and Afghanistan wore Dragon Skin. General Peter W. Chiarelli made a statement that, "he never wore Dragon Skin but that some members of his staff did wear a lighter version of the banned armor on certain limited occasions, despite the Army ban."
Certification and subsequent decertification.
In an interview with KSEE 24 News, an NBC affiliate, on November 14, 2006 and November 16, 2006, Pinnacle Armor detailed the five-year process that the NIJ and Pinnacle Armor went through to establish a test protocol and procedure for flexible rifle defeating armor, and then pass it for the certification.
On December 20, 2006, Pinnacle Armor said that they received the official letter from the National Institute of Justice (NIJ) that they had passed the Level III tests, and that Dragon Skin SOV-2000 was now certified for Level III protection.
The Air Force, which ordered the Dragon Skin vests partially based on claims it was NIJ certified at a time when it was not, has opened a criminal investigation into the firm Pinnacle Armor over allegations that it had fraudulently placed a label on their Dragon Skin armor improperly stating that it had been certified to a ballistic level it had not yet been. Murray Neal, the Pinnacle Armor chief executive, claimed that he was given verbal authorization by the NIJ to label the vests although he did not have written authorization.
On August 3, 2007, the Department of Justice announced that the NIJ had reviewed evidence provided by the body armor manufacturer and has determined that the evidence is insufficient to demonstrate that the body armor model will maintain its ballistic performance over its six-year declared warranty period. Because of this, Dragon Skin has been found not in compliance with the NIJ's testing program and has been removed from the NIJ's list of bullet-resistant body armor models that satisfy its requirements. Pinnacle CEO Murray Neal responded that this move was unprecedented, political, and not about the quality of the vests because they are not saying they have failed any ballistics. He says it is about a dispute with the paperwork to deal with a warranty issue instead, in which the warranty period of Dragon Skin is longer than that of most other commercial vests.
On August 20, 2007, at the United States Test Laboratory in Wichita, Kansas, nine Dragon Skin SOV-2000 (Level III) body armor panels were retested, for the purpose of validating Pinnacle Armor's six-year warranty. The panels tested were between 5.75 years old and 6.6 years old. All items met the NIJ Level III ballistic protection, confirming Pinnacle Armor's six-year warranty for full ballistic protection. Pinnacle resubmitted the SOV-2000 vest to the NIJ for certification based on this successful testing, but this application was rejected because the test had not been properly documented. As of November 2007, Pinnacle is suing to force the NIJ to recertify the SOV-2000 vest.

</doc>
<doc id="18890099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890099" title="Marloes Fellinger">
Marloes Fellinger

Marloes Fellinger (born April 18, 1982 in Naarden) is a Dutch softball player, who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
Fellinger played softball for Run '71 Oldenzaal until 2002. Since then she plays for Sparks Haarlem. She is a third baseman and outfielder who bats and throws right-handed. In 2005 she was named MVP in the Dutch Softball Hoofdklasse and since 2006 she is competing in the Dutch national team. She is part of the Dutch team for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18890103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890103" title="Cato Zahl Pedersen">
Cato Zahl Pedersen

Cato Zahl Pedersen (born 12 January 1959) is a Norwegian skier and multiple Paralympic gold medal winner. He has won a total of fourteen medals (thirteen gold, one silver) at the Paralympic Games, in both Winter and Summer Paralympics. He has no arms, having lost both in a childhood accident.
He competed in track and field athletics at the 1980 and 1984 Summer Paralympics, winning six gold medals. He took part in the Summer Games again in 2000, this time in sailing, but did not medal. At the Winter Paralympics, he competed in alpine skiing four times, in 1980, 1984, 1988 and 1994. At the 1980 and 1984 Winter Games he also took part in cross-country skiing, winning one gold in 1980.
Pedersen took the athletes' oath on behalf of all competitors at the 1994 Winter Paralympics in Lillehammer.
In 1994/1995, Pedersen took part in a successful four-person Norwegian skiing expedition to the South Pole. He carried his sledge with a prosthetic right arm.

</doc>
<doc id="18890108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890108" title="New World China Land">
New World China Land

New World China Land Limited () is the Mainland China property flagship of Hong Kong's New World Development, owned by Dr. Cheng Yu-tung's family. It is incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability. Its chairman is Henry Cheng, the of Cheng Yu-tung.
It was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1999 from its parent company, New World Development.

</doc>
<doc id="18890109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890109" title="It's Just a Matter of Time (album)">
It's Just a Matter of Time (album)

"It's Just a Matter of Time" is the 42nd album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1985 (see 1985 in music).
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="18890134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890134" title="Nathan Twaddle">
Nathan Twaddle

Robert Nathan Twaddle, MNZM (born 21 August 1976), is a rower from New Zealand and Olympic medallist. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, in the coxless pair rowing with his partner George Bridgewater and came out with a bronze medal.
Career highlights.
Twaddle and Bridgewater were world champions in 2005 and silver medalists in 2006 & 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18890151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890151" title="St John's College Anchal">
St John's College Anchal

St. John's college is a one of the higher educational institutions of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church. The college is situated at Anchal, Kerala, India. It is one of the Malankara Syrian Catholic colleges established and administered by the Major Archdiocese of Trivandrum in accordance with the rights of the minority community guaranteed in the constitution of India. This estimated centre of learning is the fruit of the vision and far sightedness of late Archbishop Benedict Mar Gregorios and currently flourishing under the patronage of Moran Mor Baselios Cleemis.Ever since its inception the college is championing the cause of learning and total development of the region. The college had been accredited at B+ grade by NAAC in 2005.
It is affiliated to the university of Kerala was started in 1964 with pre- degree course and upgraded successively with B.A,B.Sc and B.Com Degree courses in 1967 M.Sc Mathematatics in 1995,B.A.Communicative English (Semester) in 1998,M.A. Public Administration(Semester) in 1999, and M.Sc Environmental Science(Semester)in 2001. 
While being conscious of its special obligations for providing educational opportunities to the Malankara Syrian Catholics community, the management also extends its service to the members of other communities as well to the extent possible.
Source.
"Directory", St. John's College, Anchal, 2007-2008.
For more information visit the website www.stjohns.ac.in

</doc>
<doc id="18890152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890152" title="Walkers">
Walkers

Walkers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18890176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890176" title="Denis Vetchinov">
Denis Vetchinov

Denis Vasiliyevich Vetchinov (; (28 June 1976 in Stepnogorsk – 9 August 2008 in South Ossetia) was a Russian Ground Forces major killed in action during the 2008 South Ossetia war and posthumuously awarded with Russia's highest military award, Hero of the Russian Federation, for his role in the conflict. In film "August Eighth" Vetchinov became a prototype of captain Ilya played by Khasan Baroyev.
Biography.
Born 23 June 1976 in Stepnogorsk (now Kazakhstan), he graduated from the Omsk Officers' Academy in 1999. He participated in the Second Chechen War.
Death.
On 9 August 2008, the second day of Russian involvement in the Battle of Tskhinvali, a column of Russian vehicles with a few journalists and 58th army commander Anatoly Khrulyov onboard was ambushed by Georgian special forces in the outskirts of Tskhinvali. Khrulyov was wounded in the ensuing firefight. Vetchinov, armed with a trophy Georgian machine gun, organised defence but was wounded in both legs. He continued firing at the enemy and killed a Georgian soldier. Vetchinov kept covering fire until he was hit in the head by Georgian fire. He died on the way to hospital. On 15 August Denis Vetchinov was posthumuously awarded the Hero of the Russian Federation golden star "for courage and heroism while fulfilling his duty in the North Caucasus region". He is survived by his wife and little daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="18890190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890190" title="Roucourt">
Roucourt

Roucourt is the name of a number of places :

</doc>
<doc id="18890220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890220" title="Nepalis in the United Kingdom">
Nepalis in the United Kingdom

Nepalese in the United Kingdom (also British Nepalese or Nepalese Britons) are British citizens or full-time residents of the United Kingdom whose ethnic origins lie fully or partially in the South Asian nation of Nepal.
History.
From the first quarter of the 19th century, Gurkhas from Nepal had served in the British Army, and Gurkha soldiers' families lived in the UK. The Nepalese people living in the UK belong to different caste and have different languages.
In 1965, the first settlement of London's Nepalese community was made at 145 Whitfield Street in Camden. A commemorative plaque now stands on the site.
Demographics.
According to the 2001 UK Census, 5,943 Nepali-born people were residing in the UK. Office for National Statistics estimates suggest that 42,000 Nepali-born people were resident in the UK in 2010. The president of the Himalayan Yeti Nepalese Association estimates that 50,000 Nepalese live in the UK.
Employment.
There are between 3,000 and 3,500 Nepalese Gurkha soldiers who are enlisted in the UK armed forces. According to the 2001 UK census, 34.8 per cent of Nepalese-born people in London were working in hotels or restaurants, 15.7 per cent in real estate and renting, 15.3 per cent in wholesale and retail, 9.6 per cent in health and social care.
Nepalese communities in the UK.
Gorkhali Samaj UK(GOSUK),
Lig Lig Samaj UK,
Chhetri Samaj UK,
United Nationalist Nepalese.

</doc>
<doc id="18890233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890233" title="Basketo people">
Basketo people

The Basketo people are an Omotic-speaking ethnic group whose homeland lies in the southern part of the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples Region (SNNPR) of Ethiopia. The Basketo special woreda is named after this ethnic group. According to the 2007 Ethiopian national census, this ethnic group has 78,284 members, of whom 99.3% live in the SNNPR.
The Basketo cultivate ensete and, additionally, tuber roots, maize, millet and vegetables. They also keep domestic animals in small numbers.
Traditionally, the Basketo were organized as a segmentary clan society headed by a divine king, the "kati". The ethnic religion of the Basketo knew a duality of the sky-god Tsosii and the earth-mother Qacharunde. Under Ethiopian rule many of them converted to Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity.
The Basketo were conquered for the Ethiopian empire by Ras Welde Giyorgis in 1893. 

</doc>
<doc id="18890260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890260" title="Thure Lindhardt">
Thure Lindhardt

Thure Frank Lindhardt (born 24 December 1974) is a Danish actor, educated at the drama school at Odense Theatre in 1998.
Life and career.
Lindhardt was born in Copenhagen, and grew up in Roskilde. At the age of 12, he got a part in Bille August's film "Pelle the Conqueror". His breakthrough in Denmark came with his portrayal of a boy with autism in "A Place Nearby", co-starring with Ghita Nørby.
Since then, he has played parts in a variety of movies and series, including "Into the Wild", "Angels in Fast Motion" aka "Nordkraft", "Brotherhood", "Love in Thoughts", "Sugar Rush", "Princess", "Rejseholdet", and "Flame & Citron", a movie about the World War II resistance group Holger Danske, in which Lindhardt played Bent Faurschou-Hviid, co-starring with Mads Mikkelsen.
He also played a role as the young Swiss Guard Lieutenant Chartrand in the 2009 film "Angels & Demons", directed by Ron Howard.
In August 2011 it was announced that he would co-star in Ira Sachs' film "Keep the Lights On", which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2012. Later in 2012, he was nominated for a Gotham Award for Breakthrough Actor as well as an Independent Spirit Award for Best Male Lead.
In the third season of Showtime's The Borgias (2011 TV series) Lindhardt is starring opposite Jeremy Irons playing Rufio, a ruthless assassin working under Catherina Sforza Gina McKee to bring about the Borgias' downfall.
In 2012, Lindhardt played a role in the European TV series "Spiral" and appeared in the feature film "Adieu Paris".

</doc>
<doc id="18890267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890267" title="Gullane railway station">
Gullane railway station

Gullane railway station served the village of Gullane in Scotland. It was served by the Aberlady, Gullane and North Berwick railway. This line diverged from the North British Main Line at Aberlady Junction, east of the current Longniddry station.
History.
Opened by the Aberlady, Gullane and North Berwick Railway, it was absorbed by the North British Railway. Although the line was intended to reach North Berwick, Gullane remained the terminus as the line east was never constructed.
The station passed on to the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. That company then closed to passengers nine years later, although the line was still open to freight until later.
The site today.
The houses of Muirfeld Drive and Muirfield Station are built on the old site of Gullane railway station. A railway hotel, the "Marine", was built in 1900 and is now the main building of the Scottish Fire Service training school.

</doc>
<doc id="18890281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890281" title="Daniel Theuma">
Daniel Theuma

Daniel Theuma (born 26 June 1971 in Malta) was a professional footballer. He last played for Mosta, where he played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="18890293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890293" title="Jimmy Bones">
Jimmy Bones

Jimmy Bones is a 2002 feature length film starring brothers Louis Mandylor and Costas Mandylor. It was produced by Louis Mandylor's Production company Abundance Productions.
Jimmy Bones went on to win NYFVF 2002 INDEPENDENT FILM FESTIVAL IN NEW YORK, and in Los Angeles it won BEST ACTION audience award

</doc>
<doc id="18890294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890294" title="The Criminologists' Club">
The Criminologists' Club

The Criminologists' Club is a short story by Ernest William Hornung featuring A.J. Raffles from the 1905 collection A Thief in the Night.
Raffles encounters a society of crime experts, who call themselves The Criminologists'. They take an interest in a number of crimes, especially the series of jewell robberies that have blighted London society. Raffles and his friend Bunny Manders are invited along obstensibly to discuss the potential of crime in sport (such as gambling and throwing off matches), as Raffles is a well-known cricketer. However, the club have in fact got their eye on Raffles as the notorious gentleman thief. 
When the Raffles stories were adapted for British teleivision in 1977, this story was merged with another "The Jubilee Present" to create a single episode "The Gold Cup".

</doc>
<doc id="18890297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890297" title="Steven Burke">
Steven Burke

Steven James Burke MBE (born 4 March 1988 in Burnley, Lancashire) is an English track and road cyclist who rides for the newly formed Haribo-Beacon cycling team. He represented Britain at the 2008 Summer Olympics, beating his pre-Olympics personal best in the individual pursuit by 11 seconds to take the bronze medal. He stood on the podium alongside his cycling idol, gold medalist Bradley Wiggins. In 2012, Burke was part of the Great Britain team that won the Olympic and World championships in the Team Pursuit discipline.
Burke was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to cycling.
Early life.
Burke was born in Burnley and lived in Colne, Lancashire during his early life, attending Park High School and later Nelson and Colne College (which named its sports centre after him).
Born into a cycling family, both Burke's grandfather Brian Wesson and his mother Sharon have both competed at national level. He began attending Manchester Velodrome as a teenager, previously being more interested in Football.
Career.
Despite specializing in the team pursuit, Burke has an impressive turn of speed, demonstrated by his success as a junior in the scratch and kilo events. He was consistently beating Mark Cavendish in sprints during training in 2007.
World Records.
4000m team pursuit 3:52.499 Team GB, 2 August 2012, London
4000m team pursuit 3:51.659 Team GB, 3 August 2012, London

</doc>
<doc id="18890301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890301" title="Jacqueline Smith (trade unionist)">
Jacqueline Smith (trade unionist)

Jacqueline Smith (born 20 February 1971) is a Norwegian trade unionist.
Born in Wyoming, USA to a Vietnamese American mother and a Norwegian father, she moved to Norway, first to Stavanger at the age of 8, and later to Asker. She studied law, but left the university to become a croupier for Color Line. She was elected President of the Norwegian Seafarers' Union by the union congress in 2006 and re-elected in 2010. She is the Union's first female president, and the youngest ever when first elected in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18890315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890315" title="Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1941–1944">
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1941–1944

This is a list of members of the South Australian House of Assembly from 1941 to 1944, as elected at the 1941 state election:

</doc>
<doc id="18890333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890333" title="The Likely Lads (film)">
The Likely Lads (film)

The Likely Lads is a 1976 British comedy film directed by Michael Tuchner, starring James Bolam and Rodney Bewes. It's a spin-off from "Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads?", although it shares its title with the earlier 1960s British television series "The Likely Lads", of which "Whatever" was the sequel.
The screenplay is by the scriptwriters of the television show, Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais; and the principal roles of Bob and Terry, as well as those of Bob's wife Thelma and Terry's sister Audrey, are played by the original television cast.
Plot.
An opening pre-credits sequence shows the conception of both Lads during a World War II Air raid. After the opening titles the film cuts to Bob and Terry, both aged about thirty, playing football with some boys.
The main plot begins with Bob and Terry's favourite watering hole, the Fat Ox, being demolished. The middle class Bob feels great sentimentality for this loss, whereas the working class Terry, who is now living in a high rise council flat, is more optimistic about the city's redevelopment, pointing out that he now has a "modern kitchen, a lovely view and an inside lavatory". From this establishing sequence the plot unfolds: Terry receives his final divorce decree, freeing him from his wife in West Germany, and is looking forward to a bright future; Bob on the other hand is growing tired of his married life with Thelma, and jaded with his social activities (the two things he boasted about in the television series).
Terry is now in a relationship with Christina (or 'Chris' as she's known), a Finnish beauty who works at the local boutique, whom Bob is openly envious. Thelma sees this as an opportunity to get Terry married and settled down, thus removing the perceived threat to her marriage to Bob which Terry, as Bob's lifelong best friend, represents. In her pursuit of this, Thelma insists the four of them going away on a caravanning holiday in Northumberland; but while Thelma and Chris enjoy the trip, Bob and Terry do not. They hitch up the caravan, with the girls asleep in it, and set off to drive home. However, while they're stationary at a set of temporary
traffic lights, Thelma and Chris get out and Bob drives away before they can get back in, stranding them in front of the church going congregation of the market town. Not realising they're now alone, Bob and Terry nevertheless pick up Sandra and Glenys, two attractive young female hitch-hikers, before Thelma and Chris catch up with them again.
As a result of the trip, Terry and Chris split up, and Bob and Thelma separate. Bob decides to stay temporarily at Terry's new flat; but Terry (who is not expecting him) is busy seducing Iris, a colleague of Chris', and Bob unwittingly walks in on their lovemaking. Due to a misunderstanding, both Bob and Thelma believe the other is having sexual relations elsewhere, and have a furious argument in the back of Terry's employer's van. Unbeknownst to them, the van's public address system is still switched on as Terry had been advertising the latest washing powder, ExtraLite, broadcasting their argument across the neighbourhood. Terry loses his job because of this incident.
Bob and Terry drive up to Whitley Bay for a weekend break, and take a room in a bed and breakfast. Bob promptly seduces the landlady's daughter, whilst Terry is seduced by the landlady. After hearing noises from her daughter's bedroom the landlady walks in and Bob has to make a quick getaway through the bedroom window. The same then happens to Terry, with the daughter walking in on him in bed with her mother; this time it is Terry who makes a rapid and trouserless departure through the bedroom window. But when the landlady goes down to the front door to let Terry back in, Bob appears instead, without his trousers, causing her to cry rape. The Lads make a hasty—and trouserless—departure in Bob's car. They return to Terry's flat safely only to find Thelma and Terry's sister Audrey there, with neither Bob nor Terry able to explain the absence of their trousers!
Taking Audrey's advice, Terry makes plans to emigrate. He signs on as a deckhand aboard a ship leaving Newcastle docks, and the two lads spend his last night in England drinking on board the ship. Unknown to Bob, Terry decides not to go. He disembarks; but Bob, heavily intoxicated, falls asleep on board, and awakes in a lifeboat to discover the ship has sailed. The last scene in the film has Terry explaining to Thelma that they'll realise Bob is onboard by accident and put him off at the first port of call—Bahrain.
Throughout the film Bob's car, the recently introduced Vauxhall Chevette suffers as much indignity as the human characters, having the wheels stolen, crashed across the carriageway to Terry's horror, an accident with the caravan and while escaping trouserless from the guest house, Terry insists Bob break the window to get in, only for Terry to discover his door wasn't locked, and suggest that Bob should be more careful.
Locations.
The film was made at EMI's Elstree Studios in Hertfordshire and on location on Tyneside, in and around Newcastle and Whitley Bay. Locations used include the Spanish City funfair at Whitley Bay, the Beehive public house, the Coast Road(A1058) flats, and Tynemouth pier.
Critical reception.
Like many film adaptations of British television shows of the 1970s, the film was poorly received at the time by the critics. However, in 2004 it received five stars in the "Radio Times" film guide, and also received good reviews in "What's on TV".

</doc>
<doc id="18890343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890343" title="Ragnhild Myklebust">
Ragnhild Myklebust

Ragnhild Myklebust is a Norwegian nordic skier and multiple gold medal winner at the Paralympic Games. , she holds the record for the most ever medals won at the Winter Paralympics, having won 27 medals, of which 22 were gold.
Biography.
Myklebust won five gold medals and one silver at the 1988 Winter Paralympics, two gold at the 1992 Games, five gold, two silver and two bronze in 1994, five gold in Nagano She has won Paralympic medals in short, middle and long distance cross-country races, relays, the biathlon, and ice sledge racing.

</doc>
<doc id="18890346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890346" title="David Harris (Australian politician)">
David Harris (Australian politician)

David Robert Harris (born 24 February 1966) is an Australian politician. He was an Australian Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing the electoral district of Wyong from 24 March 2007 until his defeat at the 2011 state election.
Personal life.
Harris is one of three children born to his parents who grew up in Greenacre. His parents later moved to the New South Wales Central Coast. 
Harris is married to Sherelle and they have two daughters.
Education and teaching career.
Harris attended Woy Woy South Public School and Woy Woy High School where became school captain.
Harris undertook tertiary studies and was awarded a Diploma of Teaching and began work in the public school system. He started his career as a teacher at Griffith Public School in 1987. The following year, in his second year of teaching, he became the principal of a one-teacher school at Merriwagga. He moved on to teach at Hillston Central School. It was in Hillston that he met his wife Sherelle.
Harris returned to the New South Wales Central Coast and became principal at Dooralong Public School and then deputy principal at Northlakes Public School. 
Harris was later appointed principal at Gwandalan Public School and finally principal of Kariong Public School. 
In 2006 Harris resigned as the principal to pursue a career in politics.
Political career.
In 1987 Harris joined the Umina branch of the Australian Labor Party, eventually becoming the president of the Wyong branch and then the secretary of Dobell Federal Electoral Council.
Harris was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly on 24 March 2007 as the Member for Wyong. He was appointed the Parliamentary Secretary for Education & Training, Parliamentary Secretary for the Central Coast. He was also Deputy Chair of the Committee on the Independent Commission Against Corruption and Chair of the Natural Resource Management(Climate Change) Committee. He was a Member of the Staysafe Committee (Joint Standing Committee on Road Safety) and a Member of the Standing Committee on Broadband in Rural and Regional Communities. 
At the 2011 State election, Harris lost the seat of Wyong to his Liberal opponent; local small businessman Darren Webber. It was the first time the seat of Wyong had been held by any party other than the Labor Party and the win was a milestone for the Liberals.
Return to education and teaching.
Late in 2011, Harris was appointed as the new Principal at Point Clare Public School, to begin in the new year.

</doc>
<doc id="18890361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890361" title="Bavarian EP 5">
Bavarian EP 5

The Bavarian Class EP 5 (from 1927: DRG Class E 52) was an electric locomotive used for heavy passenger train services with the Deutsche Reichsbahn (DRG) and Deutsche Bundesbahn (DB).
The first procurement programme for new locomotives set up by the Bavarian Group Administration of the Deutsche Reichsbahn included plans for an electric locomotive for heavy passenger train duties on electrified lines in Bavaria. From the numerous designs put forward, it was decided to opt for a 2'BB2' locomotive, which would be fitted with the same motors as another electric goods train locomotive in the programme, the DRG Class E 91.
This new design departed from the previous approach of building electric locomotives with a slow running, large motor and went for four smaller electric motors. The drive was divided into two groups within a single frame. Each group had two motors, that drove a common countershaft using cogs. The countershaft drove a jackshaft via inclined driving rods which was coupled to two driving axles with coupling rods. In order to ensure that the permitted axle load was not exceeded the engines were given a leading and trailing bogie. The locomotive body with its two driver's cabs was built on the frame. The vehicle components were manufactured by Maffei and the electrical equipment by WASSEG, a joint venture of AEG and SSW.
The manufacturers delivered the locomotives in 1924 and 1925 to the DRG, who took them into service, still as Class EP 5, with the numbers 21 501 - 535. In 1927 they were designated as E 52 01 - 35. The vehicles were exclusively based at Bavarian depots. By 1945, numbers E 52 02, 31 and 35 were retired. The DB took over the rest of the engines, but by 1950 numbers E 52 01, 29 and 32 had also retired. The remaining 29 machines were given the designation Class 152 in 1968. As new, powerful standard electric locomotives were available in large numbers as part of the DB's new construction programme, these heavy machines were soon redundant. In February 1973 the last engine of this class, number 152 014, was withdrawn from service. The Bavarian EP 5 was the heaviest electric locomotive ever to run in Germany, not the DRG Class E 95 as is often asserted.
Preserved locomotives.
Of the 35 Class E 52 locos built, only one has been preserved. E 52 34 may be found today in the livery of Bavarian EP 5 21 534, non-operational, in the Nuremberg Transport Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18890370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890370" title="Battle of Timor order of battle">
Battle of Timor order of battle

This is the order of battle for the Battle of Timor (1942–43) which occurred on the island of Timor, in the Pacific theatre of World War II. It involved forces from the Empire of Japan—which invaded on February 20, 1942—on one side and Allied personnel, predominantly from Australia and the Netherlands, on the other. Many Timorese civilians and some Portuguese colonists fought with the Allies as "criados" (guerrillas), or provided food, shelter and other assistance.

</doc>
<doc id="18890383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890383" title="Craig Field">
Craig Field

Craig Field (born 12 December 1972) is an Australian former professional rugby league player. Field played for South Sydney, Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, Balmain Tigers and Wests Tigers. His primary position was at halfback. His talent and leadership on the field was hampered by off-field incidents throughout his career. He is due to face court on a charge of murder.
Playing career.
Field made his debut with South Sydney as a seventeen-year old in 1990, playing one game from the bench. By 1993, with his flashes of brilliance on-field, he had earned himself a position in the first-grade team on a regular basis and in 1994 he was promoted to captain.
In 1995, Field was stripped of the captaincy and fined $10,000 for missing training and at the end of the 1996 season he left the Rabbitohs for Manly-Warringah. Both Cliff Lyons and Geoff Toovey were in the Manly team and Field had to compete against the two test halves for the halfback position. Field was a member of the 1997 Manly side which lost the Grand Final to the Newcastle Knights.
Early in 1999, Field requested a release from the Manly club and he played his last game with the team in round 5. In round 7, he steered his new club, Balmain, to a win over Manly.
Field became a Wests Tiger in 2000 when Balmain and Western Suburbs merged at the end of the 1999 season. After only four games of the 2001 season, Field and team-mate, Kevin McGuinness, were suspended by the National Rugby League (NRL) for six months after testing positive for stimulants. Field did not participate in any other first-grade games in Australia.
In 2002, Field moved to the south-west of France to play for the Pia Donkeys in the French Rugby League Championship. Following the sacking of coach John Elias in February, 2003, Field took over coaching duties and led Pia in the club's 16–14 loss in the French Cup final. On his return to Australia in May, 2003, Field joined the Newtown Jets in the premier-league competition, captaining the side for the remainder of the season.
From 2005 till 2009, Field was captain-coach of Wagga Brothers in the Group 9 competition. In 2010, he joined the Cudgen Hornets in the Northern Rivers Regional Rugby League, along with his cousin Matt Seers. After two seasons with the Hornets, Field retired as a player but remained with the club as coach.
In 2013, at age 40, Field was playing A-grade park football for Moore Park club in the South Sydney junior league competition.
Personal life.
After claiming to be the victim of an armed robbery at a hotel in Wagga Wagga on the night of 18 February 2007 of which he was manager at the time, it was alleged that the robbery had been staged and Field was subsequently charged with recruiting a child to participate in a criminal activity, making a false statement to police and three counts of stealing after a robbery. On 11 August 2009, after a four day trial at Wagga Wagga Court House, Field was acquitted of all charges by a majority (11-1) jury verdict. 
On 15 July 2012, Field was arrested and charged with assault occasioning grievous bodily harm after allegedly punching a 50-year-man outside a hotel in Kingscliff, New South Wales. The man was unconscious and required cardiopulmonary resuscitation when paramedics arrived at the scene, and later died in hospital, prompting the charges against Field to be upgraded to murder. 
Field was released from prison on 18 December 2012 after bail bond was posted, with strict reporting conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="18890390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890390" title="Quốc Học – Huế High School for the Gifted">
Quốc Học – Huế High School for the Gifted

Quốc Học – Huế High School for the Gifted or simply Quốc Học – Huế is a national magnet and gifted high school in Thừa Thiên–Huế, Vietnam. Founded on October 23, 1896, Quốc Học - Huế is the second oldest high school in Vietnam. The school is recognized for its strong academic results, students' qualities and staffs' levels. For a long time, Quốc Học – Huế has always been ranked in the top three high schools in the nation in terms of the quality of education. Other schools include Chu Van An High School in Hanoi and Lê Hồng Phong High School in Ho Chi Minh City. The school is also famous for the notable political leaders who graduated from it, including Ho Chi Minh and Ngô Đình Diệm.
Quốc Học – Huế ranks twenty-third nationally in the 2012 Vietnam university admission ranking
Many school graduates have got admitted to prestigious universities and colleges in the world, including: MIT, National University of Singapore, Nanyang Technological University, Osaka University, Ritsumeikan Asia Pacific University, KAIST and Asian University for Women.
History.
On 17 September 1896 (the 8th year of Thành Thái reign), Quốc Học – Huế High school was established in conformation to the royal verdict and the verdict of the French Resident-Superior in Indochina on 18 November 1896. The school was constructed on the place of a previous squadron headquarter - a royal navy headquarters (1806 or the 5th year of Gia Long's reign).
Quốc Học – Huế High school was established to coach the students, who would serve the feudal colonial government, and the study curriculum then was harmonized with the purpose, French was the main subject. The acceptable students by Quốc Học High School are: the sons of the relatives of the King, the sons of royal families, the sons of mandarins, the students of Thanh Nhon school and Quoc Tu Giam school.
In 1915, Quốc Học – Huế was reconstructed. The rows of thatch roofed apartments were torn down and restored by two rows of buildings, the walls made of brick, and the roof covered with tiles. According to the western European architecture, the construction was solid, and comfortable. Most of the architectures in the school are still exist.
In 1932, Quốc Học – Huế opened many specialized classes and became known as Khải Định Lycee. On 19 December 1946, during the confrontation against French Colonialists, the school was moved into two places:
One branch called "Binh Tri Thien School" was located in Huong Khe, Hà Tĩnh province and the other branch called "Huynh Thuc Khang School", was located in Đức Thọ, Hà Tĩnh Province. The branch came back to Huế after ten years of disruption, and was conquered by French Colonialists as a barrack on April 29, 1955. Later Quốc Học - Huế was reinstated and restarted its normal operation.
Since the academic year of 1994-95, Quốc Học has been designated as one of the three National High School of high proficiency declared by the Prime Minister (the other two schools are Lê Hồng Phong High School of Ho Chi Minh City and Chu Van An High School of Hanoi).
In 2009, Quốc Học – Huế High School was officially renamed as Quốc Học – Huế High School for the Gifted, which made it become the first and the only Gifted High School of Thừa Thiên–Huế Province.
School campus.
Location.
The school was built on the site once known as the Admiral's Palace, a royal naval base established in 1806 (the fifth year of King Gia Long's reign). Quốc Học – Huế is located on the bank of Perfume River. It is the largest high school campus of Vietnam with many large shady trees, stone benches, and French architectural designed buildings.
Academic facilities.
The school has one library which opens 6 days per week, two English labs, two French labs, four computer rooms and many science labs. It has 45 over 50 classrooms with modals, projectors, computers and speakers equipped.
Sport and other facilities.
Quốc Học – Huế has one big football field, one basketball court, five badminton courts, one swimming pool, one medium stadium, one hall and one cafeteria . The school dormitory can accommodate over 60 students. All of the students come from other provinces and remote areas.
Under construction facilities.
Since 2012, Quốc Học – Huế has been invested to re-construct the science labs and other downgraded classrooms that have been existed for more than one hundred year. The construction is aimed to be completely finished in the school year of 2014–15.
Admissions.
Admissions to Quốc Học is extremely competitive. In order to be considered, all applicants must meet the pre-requisite of good academic strength and good moral character in the last grade of junior high school. Most importantly, applicants must pass an entrance examination with decent scores in three required subjects (Math, Vietnamese Literature and English), in addition to one subject of the specialized classes. Every year, Quốc Học High School attracts more than 6,000 candidates from Thừa Thiên–Huế and other central provinces from whom nearly 400 are selected to be students.
Educational models and programs.
Academics.
Since the academic year of 2012-2013, the school only organizes the specialized classes which follows the target of becoming a featured speacialized school without the traditional ordinary classes. The specialized classes focus on one particular subject that students chose when they submitted their applications. Recently, Quoc Hoc - Huế has organizes about 40 classes of the following subjects: Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Computer Science, Vietnamese Literature, History, Geography, English and French. The students in the these classes have more academic hours than the students of other schools. The curriculum is extremely demanding, statistically equivalent to that of junior level through senior level in universities. This is why it is more difficult for students to be admitted in the specialized classes. The total number of students in one specialized class is limited under 30 in order for the students in the former to perform experiments easily and to receive more attention and directions from teachers. Quốc Học - Huế has 150 faculty staff members, which 40 hold a master's degree.
Student life.
Athletics.
Annually, the traditional football, badminton and swimming competitions are held to encourage the students the sportive spirit.
Arts and culture.
The school has opened more than 10 different kinds of extra-curricular clubs which meet the students' hobbies: Quoc Hoc – Huế Music Club, Quốc Học – Huế Arts Club, Quốc Học – Huế Red-Cross Club, Quoc Hoc – Huế Club for Soft Skills, Ho Chi Minh Communism Youth Union of Quốc Học – Huế, Quốc Học – Huế Basket Ball Club, Quốc Học – Huế PingPong Club...

</doc>
<doc id="18890410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890410" title="Auranticordis">
Auranticordis

Auranticordis is a genus of marine meiofaunal amoeboflagellates. The sole known species, Auranticordis quadriverberis, is a heart shaped cell with four flagellae. It contains orange inclusions which may be cyanobacterial endosymbionts.

</doc>
<doc id="18890428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890428" title="John Holt (author)">
John Holt (author)

John Holt (1743 – 21 March 1801) was an English author.
Life.
Holt was born at Hattersley, near Mottram in Longdendale, Cheshire, in 1743. About 1757 he settled at Walton-on-the-Hill, near Liverpool, where for many years he acted as parish clerk, highway surveyor, and master of the free grammar school, besides at one time keeping a ladies’ school.
He married, in 1767, Elizabeth France of Walton, but had no issue. He died at Walton on 21 March 1801. There is an interesting etched portrait of Holt by his pupil, W. Rogers, of which there are small reproductions in the "Gentleman’s Magazine" and the "Transactions of the Historic Society". A paper "On the Curle in Potatoes" procured him the medal of the Society of Arts. He compiled a few books for the use of schools, wrote one or two novels, and collected materials for a history of Liverpool, which he bequeathed to Matthew Gregson. He contributed many papers to the "Gentleman’s Magazine", and for a long period communicated the monthly ‘Meteorological Diary’ to that periodical.
Writings.
Holt published in 1786-8
A few years later, at the invitation of the board of agriculture, he made the agricultural survey of Lancashire, and published in 1794 his results in a

</doc>
<doc id="18890435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890435" title="Lock Up Your Daughters (film)">
Lock Up Your Daughters (film)

Lock Up Your Daughters! is a 1969 British historical comedy film directed by Peter Coe and starring Christopher Plummer, Susannah York, and Ian Bannen. It is an adaptation of the stage musical of the same name set in Eighteenth century Britain. It lacks all the songs from the original stage production. It was one of a number of British costume films released in the wake of the success of the 1963 film "Tom Jones".

</doc>
<doc id="18890448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890448" title="Sandra Gouverneur">
Sandra Gouverneur

Sandra Gouverneur (born October 2, 1976 in Heerhugowaard, North Holland) is a Dutch softball player, who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
Gouverneur played for The Herons, Terrasvogels, Nuoro and since 2007 for Gryphons. She plays as a shortstop and first baseman, while she bats and throws right-handed. She competes for the Dutch national team since 1995. In 2000 and 2001 she was named MVP in the Dutch Softball Hoofdklasse; in 2005 she was the best batter in the league. She is part of the Dutch team for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18890452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890452" title="Wadelincourt">
Wadelincourt

Wadelincourt is the name of a number of places.

</doc>
<doc id="18890457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890457" title="Panagaeus cruxmajor">
Panagaeus cruxmajor

The crucifix ground beetle, Panagaeus cruxmajor, is a rare European ground beetle. In England it occurs in a few places only. "Panagaeus bipustulatus" is a commoner relative, looking very much alike except for being smaller. The crucifix ground beetle is sometimes included in "P. bipustulatus", but most modern authors consider it distinct.
The largely black and rather bristly beetle is in length, with large red spots on its wing cases which give the appearance of a red background behind a black cross. It shelters under pieces of wood during the day, and is a nocturnal predatory species thought to mainly feed on semi-aquatic snails.
It was greatly treasured by 19th century collectors, and Charles Darwin recounted an incident when he was an undergraduate at the University of Cambridge around 1828. He had already collected two ground beetles when he "saw a sacred Panagæus crux major". He tried putting one of the other beetles in his mouth to free his hand, but it ejected acrid fluid down his throat, causing him to spit it out and lose all three.

</doc>
<doc id="18890472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890472" title="Wingless Angels">
Wingless Angels

Wingless Angels is an album released in 1975 and it is the eighth album by folk musician John Stewart, former member of the Kingston Trio.
Recorded at Burbank Studios, Burbank, California.
Track listing.
All compositions by John Stewart except where noted.
Side one
Side two

</doc>
<doc id="18890483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890483" title="Petra van Heijst">
Petra van Heijst

Petra van Heijst (born December 31, 1984 in Enschede) is a Dutch softball player, who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions. Her brother Frank is a baseballer in the Dutch Hoofdklasse.
Van Heijst played for Tex Town Tigers, Amsterdam Pirates and since 2005 for Terrasvogels. She is a shortstop, second baseman and outfielder who bats and throws right-handed. She competes for the Dutch national team since 2004. In 2007 she was named MVP of the Dutch Softball Hoofdklasse. She is part of the Dutch team for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18890497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890497" title="Kosači">
Kosači

Kosači (English translation: Mowers) is the fifth studio album by Montenegrin singer Boban Rajović. It was released in late spring 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18890514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890514" title="Judith van Kampen">
Judith van Kampen

Judith van Kampen (born December 21, 1978 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch softball player, who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
Van Kampen played for Pioniers, HCAW, University of Nevada, Reno, Terrasvogels and since 2008 for Sparks Haarlem. She is a pitcher and throws right-handed. She competes for the Dutch national team since 2001. She is part of the Dutch team for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Her brother Michiel van Kampen is baseballer and also represented the Netherlands at the same Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18890518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890518" title="The Captain Hates the Sea">
The Captain Hates the Sea

The Captain Hates the Sea is a 1934 comedy film directed by Lewis Milestone and released by Columbia Pictures. The film, which involves a "Grand Hotel"-style series of intertwining stories involving the passengers on a cruise ship, is notable as the last feature film of silent film icon John Gilbert and the first Columbia feature to include The Three Stooges in the cast. The film co-stars Victor McLaglen, Arthur Treacher, Akim Tamiroff, Leon Errol and Walter Connolly.
Plot.
Alcoholic newspaperman Steve Bramley boards the ship "San Capador" for a restful cruise, hoping to quit drinking and begin writing a book. Also on board are Steve's friend Schulte, a private detective hoping to nab criminal Danny Checkett with a fortune in stolen bonds. Steve begins drinking, all the while observing the various stories of other passengers on board, several of whom turn out not to be who they seem to be.
Production.
During production, the film went over budget due in large part to the alcohol-fueled partying by members of the cast. Harry Cohn, the head of Columbia, became alarmed and sent a cable to Lewis Milestone that read: "Hurry up! The cost is staggering!" Milestone, in turn, sent a cable to Cohn that read: "So is the cast!"
The exterior footage of the "San Capeador" (filmed at San Pedro Harbor) would be recycled in the Three Stooges' short "Dunked in the Deep".
To date, there has been no DVD release of "The Captain Hates the Sea".

</doc>
<doc id="18890526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890526" title="List of windmills in Hainaut">
List of windmills in Hainaut

A list of windmills in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Notes.
Bold indicates a mill that is still standing. "Italics" indicates a mill with some remains surviving.

</doc>
<doc id="18890528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890528" title="Papal election, October 1187">
Papal election, October 1187

The papal election of October 21, 1187 was a papal election convoked after the death of Pope Urban III. It resulted in the election of Cardinal Alberto Sartori di Morra, who took the name of Gregory VIII.
List of participants.
At the death of Pope Urban III there were probably 23 cardinals. Basing on the countersigning of the papal bulls in October 1187 it is possible to establish that probably 13 of them participated in the election of successor of Urban III: 
Six electors were created by Pope Lucius III, five by Pope Alexander III, one by Pope Lucius II and one by Pope Adrian IV.
Absentee cardinals.
Probably ten cardinals were absent:
Six absentees were created by Lucius III, three by Alexander III, and one by Adrian IV.
Death of Urban III and the election of Pope Gregory VIII.
Pope Urban III died at Ferrara on October 20, 1187. On the following day thirteen cardinals present on his deathbed started proceedings to elect his successor. There were three candidates to the papal throne: Henri de Marsiac, Paolo Scolari and Alberto di Morra. However, Henri de Marsiac refused the papal tiara, while Paolo Scolari was excluded because he was seriously ill at that time, so there remained only the old papal chancellor Alberto di Morra. On October 21, 1187 he was unanimously elected pope and took the name Gregory VIII.

</doc>
<doc id="18890549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890549" title="Ricard Lamote de Grignon">
Ricard Lamote de Grignon

Ricard Lamote de Grignon i Ribas (; 25 September 1899 – 5 February 1962), was a Catalan Spanish composer and orchestral conductor.
At the onset of the Spanish Civil War he fled to Valencia to join his father, working alongside him as assistant director of the newly created Municipal Orchestra. In 1948 he returned to Barcelona but, finding it impossible to regain his place as director of the Municipal Band, dedicated himself to musical composition and study. In 1957 he occupied the post of deputy director of the Municipal Orchestra, collaborating with his great friend Eduard Toldrà until his death in 1962.
Important Works.
His work includes many pieces for piano, symphonic poems, also chamber music and music for choir with symphony orchestra, not forgetting his additions to the repertoire of sardana dance and band music.
The archive of the Lamote de Grignon family, with works by Ricard and his father Joan, is at the Musical Document Repository of the Generalitat of Catalunya and may be studied in the Biblioteca de Catalunya.

</doc>
<doc id="18890559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890559" title="Kim Kluijskens">
Kim Kluijskens

Kim Kluijskens (born 9 June 1984 in IJmuiden) is a Dutch softball player, who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
Kluijskens played for De Pino's, Kinheim and since 2001 for Sparks Haarlem. She is a first baseman who bats and throws left-handed. She competes for the Dutch national team since 2001. She is part of the Dutch team for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18890572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890572" title="Hugo Fernández Artucio">
Hugo Fernández Artucio

Hugo Fernández Artucio (born 1912, date of death unknown) was a Uruguayan teacher of philosophy, historian and politician.
Earlier career.
He was an editor of "Free World" magazine in New York. He fought for two years in the Lincoln Brigade during the Spanish Civil War and was made prisoner by Francoists. 
He wrote the book "Nazis in Uruguay" (Buenos Aires, 1940) where he denounced the activities of Nazis in Uruguay. He also wrote ""The Nazi Underground in South America"" (New York, Farrar & Rinehart, 1942)., with the approval of Charles de Gaulle.
He was a member of the Special Committee for Palestine in Uruguay, supporting the creation of the State of Israel.
Socialist Party leadership.
He was secretary-general of the Socialist Party of Uruguay, which he left after the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact was signed. After that he adopted a socialist-anarchist attitude.
Later conservative phase; link with Colorado Party.
Some time after that he adhered to Batllism, organizing the Acción Gremial Batllista.
Married with Julia Faingold, he had four children: Hugo (who served as Vice President of Uruguay), Julio, María Raquel and Elsa.

</doc>
<doc id="18890574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890574" title="Lynwood Lewis">
Lynwood Lewis

Lynwood W. Lewis, Jr. (born November 26, 1961, in Nassawadox, Virginia) is an American politician. A Democrat, he was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates in November 2003, representing the 100th district, which consists of the Eastern Shore counties of Accomack and Northampton, and parts of the cities of Norfolk and Hampton.
On November 16, 2013, Lewis won the Democratic Party nomination for the Virginia senate seat held by lieutenant governor-elect Ralph Northam (D). On January 10, 2014, the Virginia State Board of Elections certified that Lewis had won the special election for Northam's senate seat by only nine votes out of over 20,000 cast. His Republican opponent sought a recount, which was held on January 27. After most of the recount had been completed, it became clear that Lewis's lead had held and his opponent conceded. Lewis was sworn in on January 28, 2014, giving Democrats control of the chamber.

</doc>
<doc id="18890578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890578" title="Saskia Kosterink">
Saskia Kosterink

Saskia Kosterink (born August 13, 1984 in Zwolle) is a Dutch softball player, who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
Kosterink played for Run '71 Oldenzaal, Tex Town Tigers, Gulf Coast CC and since 2007 for Sparks Haarlem. She is an outfielder who bats and throws right-handed. She competes for the Dutch national team since 2005. In 2007 she hit the most home runs in the Dutch Softball Hoofdklasse and during the European Championships that year she was named as Best Outfielder of the tournament. She was part of the Dutch team for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18890580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890580" title="Telegraph Handicap">
Telegraph Handicap

The Telegraph Handicap is a Group One New Zealand horse race. Held at Trentham in January, it is held over 1200 metres and is New Zealand's premier sprint race with a purse of NZ$250,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18890602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890602" title="Shingle Inn">
Shingle Inn

The Shingle Inn is a Brisbane restaurant and bakery franchise which commenced with the flagship store in Edward Street, Brisbane in 1936 as a Tudor inn style restaurant. It is one of the oldest continuing restaurants in the city of Brisbane. It has been owned since 1975 by the Bellchambers Family. 
With the closure of the flagship store in the early 2000s due to the new Queens Plaza development, a franchise of the restaurant was created with a dozen stores throughout the Brisbane central business district, suburbs,the Gold Coast and Sunshine Coast.
With the re-opening of Brisbane City Hall after its $215 million refurbishment in April 2013, the fittings and layout of the original Shingle Inn in Edward Street were replaced inside the new City Hall, re-creating the olde-world Tudor atmosphere of the original 1936 restaurant.
The Shingle Inn is a considerably well known aspect of Brisbane's dining culture, where it has welcomed generations of diners, and was also popular with American service personnel during World War II.
As at December 2013, Shingle Inn has a franchise network of 40 cafes in Queensland, New South Wales, ACT, Victoria and most recently Perth.

</doc>
<doc id="18890608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890608" title="Juvenal Olmos">
Juvenal Olmos

Juvenal Olmos (born October 5, 1962 in Santiago de Chile) is an Chilean football manager who coached the Chile national football team between 2003 and 2005. His management of the Chile national team was unsuccessful, failing to pass the first round in Copa America 2004 and later fired 5 games before the end of the qualifying round for the 2006 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18890609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890609" title="Forti racing record">
Forti racing record

This is a table of championship and notable race results achieved by the Forti auto racing team.
† - entered under the "Astra Racing Team" or similar banner.
‡ - entered under both the "Racing Team Astra Marlboro" and "Squadra Forti Corse" banners during the course of the season.
¶ - entered under the "Team Forti Astra" banner.
° - not eligible for points.

</doc>
<doc id="18890620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890620" title="Mariya Grabovetskaya">
Mariya Grabovetskaya

Mariya Grabovetskaya (born April 10, 1987) is a female weightlifter from Kazakhstan.
She won the silver medal at the 2007 Junior World Championships, with a total of 277 kg.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics she won the bronze medal in the +75 kg category, with a total of 270 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="18890639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890639" title="Everun Note">
Everun Note

The Everun Note is a subnotebook / netbook computer designed by Raon Digital. At the time of its introduction, it was noted for the performance of its Turion 64 X2 dual core processor, getting high scores in benchmark testing. The Everun Note is also noted for being particularly small, given the relatively high resolution of the screen (1024x600 pixels) and taking the approach of using a touch screen instead of the touchpad that is commonly found on budget netbooks.
Retailers in the U.S. are offering the Linux model pre-installed with an unspecified Ubuntu release.

</doc>
<doc id="18890642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890642" title="Karen Kyandaryan">
Karen Kyandaryan

Karen Alexander Kyandaryan (, ; January 11, 1925 - May 25, 2013) was a prominent Armenian medical scientist, a professor of cardiology and radiology, an internationally recognised expert in the field of Ebstein's anomaly diagnostics, a founder of several cardiovascular and radiological institutions in Yerevan, Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18890652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890652" title="Papal election, December 1187">
Papal election, December 1187

The papal election of December 19, 1187 was a papal election convoked after the death of Pope Gregory VIII. It resulted in the election of Cardinal Paolo Scolari, who took the name of Clement III.
List of participants.
At the death of Gregory VIII there were probably only 20 cardinals. Basing on the countersigning of the papal bulls in December 1187 it is possible to establish that only 9 cardinals were present at the death of Gregory VIII at Pisa: 
Five electors were created by Pope Lucius III, three by Pope Alexander III, one by Pope Lucius II.
Absentee cardinals.
Probably eleven cardinals were entirely absent:
Seven absentees were created by Lucius III, three by Alexander III, and one by Adrian IV.
Death of Urban III and the election of Pope Gregory VIII.
Pope Gregory VIII died at Pisa on December 17, 1187 after a pontificate of only one month and twenty-seven days. Two days later the cardinals present on his deathbed started proceedings to elect his successor. The election was celebrated in the presence of Consul of Rome Leo de Monumento. In the first round of voting Cardinal Thibaud of Ostia was elected but declined. In the second round the cardinals unanimously elected Cardinal Paolo Scolari, bishop of Palestrina. He accepted his election and took the name Clement III. On January 7, 1188 he was solemnly crowned by protodeacon Giacinto Bobone Orsini and in February 1188 he returned to Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="18890656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890656" title="Brainerd, Minnesota micropolitan area">
Brainerd, Minnesota micropolitan area

The Brainerd Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in central Minnesota, anchored by the city of Brainerd. As of February 4th, 2011 estimate placed the population at 91,067).
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 82,249 people, 33,143 households, and 22,908 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 93.97% White, 0.24% African American, 4.30% Native American, 0.28% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.18% from other races, and 1.01% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.73% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $35,961, and the median income for a family was $42,502. Males had a median income of $31,968 versus $22,064 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $18,182.

</doc>
<doc id="18890657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890657" title="WGO">
WGO

WGO is an initialism for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18890659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890659" title="Single File (album)">
Single File (album)

Single File is the debut album by Chicago-based punk rock band The Honor System.

</doc>
<doc id="18890681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890681" title="William Leggatt">
William Leggatt

Sir William Watt Leggatt, DSO, MC (23 December 1894 – 27 November 1968) was an Australian soldier, lawyer and politician. He served as commanding officer of the 2/40th Battalion and later Sparrow Force during World War II, fighting in Timor against the Japanese invasion in 1942. He was captured by the Japanese and sent to Changi prison in Singapore. Following the war, he was based in Melbourne in charge of war crimes investigation until 1946. In 1948 he was elected to the Victorian parliament. He died in 1968 and was accorded a state funeral.

</doc>
<doc id="18890685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890685" title="List of railroads of the Confederate States of America">
List of railroads of the Confederate States of America

This is a list of Confederate Railroads in operation or used by the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War. See also Confederate railroads in the American Civil War. At the outset of the war, the Confederacy possessed the third largest set of railroads of any nation in the world, with about 9,000 miles of railroad track. Southern companies, towns, cities as well as state governments were heavy investors in railroad companies, which were typically designed as feeder lines linking farming centers to port cities.

</doc>
<doc id="18890700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890700" title="Girolamo Piromalli">
Girolamo Piromalli

Girolamo Piromalli (October 7, 1918 – February 11, 1979), also known as "Mommo", was a historical and charismatic boss of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organisation in Calabria (Italy). His criminal base was his home town Gioia Tauro on the Tyrrhenian coast of Calabria. He was the capobastone (head of command) of the Piromalli 'ndrina.
'Ndrangheta boss.
Mommo Piromalli ruled the most powerful 'Ndrangheta group in the Gioia Tauro plain with his younger brother Giuseppe "Peppe" Piromalli. The Piromalli 'Ndrina contained more than 200 members.
Before becoming one of the most feared criminal power brokers in the Gioia Tauro plain, Mommo Piromalli was a cowherd. In 1939 he was charged with illegal carriage of firearms, in 1940 for grievous bodily harm, in 1944 for robbery with violence and in 1950 for murder. In 1967, the court imposed a five-year mandatory internal banishment ("soggiorno obbligato") to remove Piromalli from his home town and criminal associates.
Together with Antonio Macrì from Siderno on the Ionic coast and Domenico "Mico" Tripodo, the boss of the city of Reggio Calabria and the surrounding areas, the Piromalli brothers formed a sort of triumvirate since the beginning of the 1960s until the outbreak of the first 'Ndrangheta war in the mid 1970s. Their senior position was recognized by all other heads of 'Ndrangheta families and their advice was in most cases followed without protest. 
Establishing the Santa.
Mommo Piromalli and the bosses of several other families established La Santa at the end of the 1960s. They were eager to modify the traditional rules of the 'Ndrangheta in order to be able to access contracts for public works in the region and start illegal activities such as drug trafficking, which were prohibited by the traditional code but promised to be very profitable. Through the membership of covert Masonic lodges the 'Ndrangheta bosses were able to contact law enforcement authorities, judges and politicians that were necessary to access to public work contracts.
According to Gaetano Costa (the former chief of the Messina Mafia family turned state witness), "it was Mommo Piromalli who – given the enormous interests which the existed in the Reggio Calabria area (the railroad stump, the steelwork center, and the port in Gioia Tauro, etc.) – entrusted himself with the rank of "santista", in order to assert his higher authority and hence directly control the public works. He said that this rank had been given him directly in Toronto, where there was a very important 'ndrina."
These innovations and the new institution of La Santa were opposed by the more traditionalist bosses such as Antonio Macrì and Domenico Tripodo. Only at the end of the so-called first 'Ndrangheta war, which took place in 1974-76 and led to the deaths of Macrì and Tripodo as well as the rise of Piromalli and the De Stefano brothers as the new leaders of the Reggio Calabria 'ndrine, was the new institution fully recognized.
Drug trafficking and Getty kidnap.
In 1973 he was charged of heroin trafficking when an undercover operation by the US Federal Bureau of Narcotics (FBN) targeting Saverio Mammoliti revealed that Mammoliti needed permission of Macrì and "Don Mommo" Piromalli.
On March 23, 1974, police arrested Piromalli and charged him helping to mastermind the kidnapping of John Paul Getty III, grandson of the oil tycoon and multi-millionaire J. Paul Getty, in July 1973. Getty's ear was cut off and sent to the family to induce his grandfather to produce a ransom. After 158 days, the malnourished and bruised Getty was released on December 15, 1973. He was left behind at an abandoned service station, shivering in a driving rainstorm.
Piromalli was picked up without resistance in Gioia Tauro during a series of early morning raids on more than a dozen homes in Calabria. A 100,000 lire banknote found in his home in January 1974 was part of the USD 2.8 million ransom paid for the release of Getty Jr. In July 1976, Piromalli was acquitted in the trial against the kidnappers. Nine men had been arrested. Two minor perpetrators were convicted and sent to prison. The ransom was used to buy the trucks needed to establish a transport monopoly in the construction of the Gioia Tauro port.
Business.
Together with his brother Peppe Piromalli, Mommo redirected the 'Ndrangheta clan from its rural base to an entrepreneurial criminal organisation assuming dominance over several public works in the Gioia Tauro area, particularly in the construction and operation of the new container seaport.
When in 1974 businesses involved in the expansion of the port and steelworks in Gioia Tauro offered a three per cent kickback to be left in peace the three leading 'Ndrangheta families at the time, Antonio Macrì, the Piromalli clan and the De Stefano clan rejected the offer and wanted to be sub-contracted on work carried in order to control the project. 
The 'Ndrangheta exploited the construction of the steelworks until the project was abandoned when the government decided there was no economic base for it. In 1977 disagreements about business interests emerged between Piromalli and the De Stefano clan. A hit squad headed by Peppe Piromalli killed Giorgio De Stefano. Some 1,000 people were killed in clan wars over the construction contracts.
On February 11, 1979, Mommo Piromalli died of natural causes in a hospital in Gioia Tauro. He was succeeded as head of the clan by his younger brother Giuseppe "Peppe" Piromalli. Piromalli also had contacts with Sicilian Mafiosi such as Angelo La Barbera and Stefano Bontate.

</doc>
<doc id="18890728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890728" title="Sandcastle Disco">
Sandcastle Disco

"Sandcastle Disco" is a song by American R&B recording artist Solange Knowles taken from her second album, "Sol-Angel and the Hadley St. Dreams" (2008). It is produced by Soulshock & Karlin, who also wrote the song together with Knowles and Cee-Lo Green and was released as the album's second single in August 2008.
Release.
The song was released in the US in August 2008, but failed to receive a radio adds date, and thrived off moderate digital downloads and her promotional appearances, including debuting the video on "TRL". Solange heavily promoted the song in the US with performances on the "Late Show with David Letterman" in late August and "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" in September.
The single received major airplay on UK music channels but did not pick up significant airplay on radio formats. She promoted the song on "The Paul O'Grady Show" and "Later... with Jools Holland" in November 2008. Due to limited radio airplay, the single failed to chart on downloads alone in the proceeded weeks before the release date.
On December 20, 2008, the song notched the number one spot on the US Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart.
Music video.
The music video is the directorial debut of Solange Knowles. The video was almost entirely made using computer-generated imagery, and features abundant stage and costume changes.
The video begins with Solange singing and dancing in a white room in a blue dress in front of her band. Then in the background CGI clouds appear, and Solange draws a sun with her hand, setting the stage for the video. Next she makes bricks appear and disappear, while palm trees spring up on the sides of the room, continuing to set the video's stage. Solange then plays with some hearts and lets out a rainbow ball that wraps around the room.
Next, Solange jumps onto a life-sized CGI keyboard (wearing a yellow dress), and plays it with her feet. Solange next jumps to a drum set, where she again plays the instrument with her feet. Solange then lies atop of a stringed instrument, and then slides down a microphone (like a firemen's pole) and moves to the next stage. The sun sets and a moon rises as Solange (wearing a brown dress) sits atop of a can of "Solange's, Can I Sing" (parody of Campbell's) Soup. Solange leaves the soup (wearing a gray dress) and returns to the sunlit stage and draws different things (headphones, musical notes, hearts), before flinging them towards herself on the next stage.
Now in a new yellow dress, Solange sings in front of a pastel-colored background, multiplies herself, dances, and then leaps onto a large record-player. She runs laps on the record, and spells out the lyrics "Ba Ba B B Baby", before moving to Solange (in a copper/beige dress) in front of an ocean background. Now in the background, large CGI balloons appear, and Solange grabs hold of one and flies up. Solange then lets go and lands back in front of her band (in a black/yellow feathered dress) singing in front of a CGI elephant, balloons, mushroom, and octopus, as her backing singers join her. Confetti falls around the room as Solange finishes the song and then walks off as the video fades.

</doc>
<doc id="18890732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890732" title="Flame &amp; Citron">
Flame &amp; Citron

Flame & Citron () is a 2008 Danish drama/action co-written and directed by Ole Christian Madsen. The film, a fictionalized account based on fact, is about two Danish resistance movement fighters during the Nazi occupation of Denmark.
Plot.
Set in 1943 and 1944, the film is loosely based on actual events involving two of the most active fighters in the Holger Danske resistance group during World War II - Bent Faurschou-Hviid (known as "Flammen", played by Thure Lindhardt) and Jørgen Haagen Schmith (known as "Citron", played by Mads Mikkelsen), who both died toward the end of the war. As the two friends assassinate Danish Nazis and collaborators, they also find themselves in deadly duels with treacherous handlers, competing resistance groups, and a "femme fatale" (played by Stine Stengade) who might be a double (or even triple) agent. Ultimately, they find that they can only trust one another.
Title.
The movie is named from the nicknames of the two main characters. "Flammen" refers to the colour of Bent Faurschou-Hviid's copper red hair, after a failed attempt to dye it blond. "Citron" (Danish for "Lemon") got his nickname because, while working for the Citroën motor-car company in Copenhagen, he sabotaged German cars and trucks.
Production.
Filming took place at the Babelsberg Studios in Potsdam-Babelsberg, Germany, and large parts of the film were also recorded at locations in Copenhagen and Prague. With a budget of more than 46 million Danish kroner (or 6.16 million Euros), the movie is one of the most expensive Danish language movies ever.
Director Ole Christian Madsen has stated he was influenced by Jean-Pierre Melville's "Army of Shadows" in making the film.
Reception.
The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 87% of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 69 reviews. Metacritic reported the film had an average score of 74 out of 100, based on 20 reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="18890741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890741" title="Frank M. McMahon">
Frank M. McMahon

Frank Murray Patrick McMahon (October 2, 1902 - May 20, 1986) was a Canadian businessman best known as the founder and first chairman of Westcoast Transmission Co. Ltd. whom the July 15, 1957 issue of "TIME" magazine called "The man who did the most to open up northwest Canada's wilderness—and convince oilmen of its treasures." [http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,809686-2,00.html]
In addition, McMahon was a major racehorse owner/breeder whose Thoroughbreds competed in North America and Europe and who won the 1969 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes with the U.S. Racing Hall of Fame colt, Majestic Prince.
Early life.
Frank McMahon was born in the village of Moyie in the East Kootenays of British Columbia, Canada, the son of a hard-rock miner.
He attended Gonzaga University in Spokane, Washington, where he was a campus mate of Bing Crosby. As a young man, he worked as a driller for British Columbia mining companies until 1927 when he founded his own diamond-drilling contracting business which he expanded into drilling for oil and natural gas.
Pacific Petroleums.
Frank McMahon and two brothers established West Turner Petroleums to explore and develop oil deposits in the Turner Valley Oilfields in Alberta. Their major find generated sufficient revenues and income to allow for expansion through acquisitions and exploration. He later merged two smaller companies with West Turner and formed a holding company, Pacific Petroleums Ltd.
In 1945 McMahon founded Atlantic Oil Company and acquired rights to a part of the Leduc field, near Leduc, Alberta. After Imperial Oil's discovery of oil at Leduc in 1947, the Atlantic No. 3 well discovered oil on March 8, 1948. It was well-publicized due to the oil blowout that took six months to contain and a well fire that started in the week prior to the well being contained. The well propelled McMahon's wealth. Pacific's headquarters were set up in Calgary, Alberta.
In December 1947, McMahon's operations began oil and gas exploration in the Peace River Region after the B.C. government opened the area to exploration.
In November 1951, Pacific's Fort St. John No. 1 well found significant quantities of good quality oil, B.C.'s first oil discovery. In 1952 the company drilled the first of many high-producing gas wells at Fort St. John.
In about 1961 McMahon and his brother George sold their controlling interest in Pacific Petroleums to Phillips Petroleum Company. In 1977 Pacific Petroleums was purchased by Petro-Canada.
Westcoast Transmission.
McMahon saw an enormous opportunity to supply natural gas to the huge United States market. In 1949 he incorporated Westcoast Transmission Co. Ltd. whose business plan included the construction of a 650-mile gas pipeline from Taylor in north-eastern British Columbia to the United States.
McMahon personally began lobbying the Canadian and American governments to remove their restrictions on the export and import of natural gas. In December 1954, he signed a $400-million contract with Pacific Northwest Pipeline Corp. to sell natural gas into their pipeline system in the United States. In 1955 Westcoast was awarded permission from the U.S. Federal Power Commission to export gas to the U.S. Construction started the same year on the $170-million, 650-mile Westcoast Pipeline from the Peace River area to the U.S. border, to hook into the Pacific Northwest Pipeline Corp.'s six-state gas grid and to supply gas to Vancouver. The pipeline was Canada's first "big-inch" pipeline. Along with its gathering system, processing plants and compressor stations were completed in the fall of 1957.
In 1964, Westcoast Transmission built another processing plant at Fort Nelson, British Columbia in support of an additional 250 mile line to the company's new discoveries in the Canadian Northwest.
After McMahon's death in 1986, Westcoast Transmission Co. Ltd. was renamed Westcoast Energy Inc. and in 2002 Duke Energy of Charlotte, North Carolina paid $8 billion for the company.
Other business interests.
In the 1950s McMahon had an interest in Alberta Distillers Ltd. In October 1957, Time Magazine estimated his worth at $50-million and that he controlled assets in partnership with others that totalled about $500-million.
Frank McMahon's significant contribution to Canada's economic prosperity was recognized by his election to the Canadian Business Hall of Fame.
Broadway plays.
In the 1950s Frank McMahon backed a number of Broadway plays in New York, including The Pajama Game and Damn Yankees.
Thoroughbred horse racing.
Frank McMahon, a founding member of the Jockey Club of Canada, raced thoroughbreds on his own as well as in partnership with others.
His Frank McMahon Stable Inc. won numerous races at racetracks across Canada including the 1966 British Columbia Derby at Exhibition Park Racetrack in Vancouver and the 1970 Canadian Derby at Edmonton, Alberta's Northlands Park. His most famous horse was Majestic Prince.
Frank McMahon was inducted in the British Columbia Horse Racing Hall of Fame in 1995 in the breeders/owners category.
Majestic Prince.
He set up a racing stable in California with U.S. Racing Hall of Fame jockey-turned-trainer Johnny Longden. Among the horses they raced was the great Majestic Prince whose important stakes include the 1969 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes. Majestic Prince was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1988 and was listed at No. 46. in The Blood-Horse magazine ranking of the top 100 U.S. thoroughbred champions of the 20th Century. In 1975, McMahon had another Triple Crown contender with Diabolo who finished third in both the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes, and was fourth in the Belmont Stakes.
Racing partnerships.
In the 1950s he was part owner of Alberta Ranches, Ltd. which won the 1953 Hollywood Gold Cup with Royal Serenade.
Together with Calgary newspaper publisher Max Bell, Frank McMahon founded the Golden West Farms thoroughbred breeding operation at Okotoks, Alberta. Among its notable wins, Golden West Farms racing stable won the 1968 Queen's Plate with Merger. In partnership with American singer, Bing Crosby, McMahon and Bell owned Meadow Court who raced in Europe where he won the 1965 Irish Derby and the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.
McMahon also teamed up with Kentucky horseman Leslie Combs II of Spendthrift Farm to breed Crowned Prince who in 1970 became the first yearling to be sold at auction for half a million dollars. A younger brother of Majestic Prince, Frank McMahon won the bidding for Crowned Prince and sent him to race in England where he won the Dewhurst and Champagne Stakes and was the 1971 Champion two-year-old Colt in England. Leslie Combs also bred McMahon's Triple Bend, a colt who set a world record time in winning the 1972 Los Angeles Handicap.
McMahon Stadium.
In 1960 Frank and brother George McMahon donated $300,000 to the then University of Alberta (Calgary), now the University of Calgary, to help build a football stadium. They also guaranteed the $750,000 balance of the $1,050,000 construction cost. It was named McMahon Stadium in their honour.
The university acquired complete ownership of the stadium and land in 1985 after the guaranteed financing was retired in 1973. The stadium is operated by the McMahon Stadium Society. Until the guaranteed financing was retired the McMahons appointed two of the six members of the society. The first treasurer of the society was the McMahons' accountant, William Macintosh.
In 2001 the McMahon brothers were named to the Calgary Stampeders Wall of Fame in the builder category.
Death.
Frank McMahon died in Hamilton, Bermuda in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18890752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890752" title="Toupha">
Toupha

The toupha () is a plumage of the hair or bristles of exotic animals, used to decorate horsemen's helmets and emperors' crowns.
One of the most famous touphas is that which surmounted the crown or helmet of the equestrian statue of Justinian I on the column raised by that emperor in the Augustaion square in Constantinople. It is known from a drawing of it made in the 15th century. Particularly imposing in size, it fell from the statue in the 9th century and was put back on by some dangerous acrobatics – a rope was stretched between the roof of Hagia Sophia and the summit of the column by means of an arrow along which someone could tightrope-walk to the statue. The emperor Theophilus rewarded the tightrope-walker with 100 gold nomismata for this exploit.
In colloquial language, "toupha" or "typha" came to mean a "tiara", and the 12th-century historian, Joannes Zonaras, even records that a verb, "typhoomai" ("to be filled with extreme arrogance"), was derived from it.

</doc>
<doc id="18890755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890755" title="Frank McMahon">
Frank McMahon

Frank McMahon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18890757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890757" title="Run for Your Life (disambiguation)">
Run for Your Life (disambiguation)

"Run for Your Life" is a song by The Beatles.
Run for Your Life may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18890766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890766" title="Unruled Paper (film)">
Unruled Paper (film)

Unruled Paper ( - "Kāghaz-e bi Khatt") is a 2002 Iranian film directed by Nāser Taghvā'i (his first after twelve years), based on an original script by Nāser Taghvā'i and Minoo Farsh'chi. The film was produced in 2001 by "Yektā Film".
The principal roles in the film are played by Khosrow Shakibai ("Jahāngir") and Hadyeh Tehrani ("Royā"). For his role, Khosrow Shakibai was nominated for the Crystal Phoenix Award, in the category of men, at the 20th Fajr International Film Festival in 2001, received the second Best Actor Of The Year Award From Writers and Critics, in the category of men, in 2002, and was awarded the Golden Tablet from "Iran Actor Site" in 2003. Hadyeh Tehrani's acting in this film has been praised by many critics as equally superb and laudable. For her role, she was nominated for the Crystal Phoenix Award, in the category of women, at the 20th Fajr International Film Festival in 2001. The title of the film is derived from a remark by "Royā" that she never was able to write neatly on a ruled paper, but this changed when she wrote on "unruled paper", thus giving voice to the blessings of freedom.
The film, with a strong cast of Iranian actors, received critical acclaim in Iran: Various critics have described the movie's dialogues as pithy and thought-provoking, and the language used as both natural and powerful. The quality of the acting and directing have both been praised as well. Taghvā'i attempts to pay attention to the most minute details of the film (for instance, the accuracy with which the separate consecutive shuts match, or the precision of the angles at which the communicating actors look away from the camera). As Tahmineh Milani once has noted, accuracy of presentation is one of the hallmarks of Nāser Taghvā'i's films. The dialogues of the film are replete with terse remarks and critical commentaries on the contemporary political and social conditions prevailing in Iran.
Plot.
The film starts with a scene of a sitting room, empty of people, at some two minutes "to" 7 o'clock in the morning, and ends with a scene of the same empty room at some two minutes "past" 7 o'clock in the morning of some weeks later; this passage of time is accurately depicted by the brightness of the natural light that is reflected on the wall of a corridor, that leads to this sitting room, in the initial and final scenes. The meticulous attention that Taghvā'i has given to the accurate representation of even the most mundane aspects of the film would at first sight seem to be at odds with the fact that with the exception of the opening and closing scenes, in "all" other scenes where the clock on the wall of the sitting room is in sight, its pendulum is conspicuously motionless. The opening scene depicts some moments before the family starts a very active day (the day at which the two children of the family, "Shangul" and "Mangul", have their first school-day after the summer school-holiday) and the closing scene, the end of a protracted Friday night, during which "Jahāngir" and "Royā" have spent an intellectually and emotionally exhausting night. The motionless pendulum suggests that the events in the intervening period have taken place out of time, or only in imagination. Although the work presented by Taghvā'i certainly qualifies as a surrealist art-form, this motionless pendulum serves as a more profound tool than a means that solely hints at surrealism. Taghvā'i conveys a number of unobtrusive verbal and visual messages to his viewers. Briefly, Taghvā'i and Ms Minoo Farsh'chi, the co-author of the film script, variously refer to the theory of eternal recurrence, as revived by e.g. Friedrich Nietzsche, with a strong emphasis on the importance of having a creative mind thereby to forge room for free will in at least an imaginative world.
"Jahāngir" is a draughtsman, or perhaps an architect. "Royā" is normally a housewife, but has recently started to attend a course on writing film scripts, an undertaking that has been actively encouraged by "Jahāngir". Taghvā'i introduces his viewers to "Royā"'s penchant for story telling through a scene in which she tells a bedtime story for "Shangul" and "Magul", the story being in reality a popular Persian children's story which is very reminiscent of "The Wolf and the Seven Young Kids". This scene also reveals the two children as being both imaginative and highly theatrical. The names "Shangul" and "Magul" are the names of two baby goats in the same story; there is no hint in the film however that "Shangul" and "Magul" might be the pet names of the children, as opposed to their real names.
"Jahāngir" is working on a project that he apparently has initially introduced to "Royā" as being a villa on an island, but that "Royā" has later discovered that it is a prison compound on the island. Following an intense argument between "Jahāngir" and "Royā", "Jahāngir" reveals that he himself is deeply unhappy about his project, as his colleagues have nicknamed the prison compound as "Jahāngir's Villa". An apparently innocuous argument between "Jahāngir" and "Royā", married already for twelve years, thus leads to an intense and emotional flow of exchanges revolving around the subject matter of how well even closest individuals know each other and the reason why "Jahāngir" reacts nervously to "Royā'"s curiosity regarding his past. The deliberately ambiguous circumstance in which the intense discussion between "Royā" and "Jahāngir" takes place, greatly enhances the power of the words exchanged between the two characters. On the one hand, one is given the impression that "Royā" is curious because she is preparing her first film script for her class and that she must be using her husband's character in her story. On the other hand, while "Jahāngir" appears to be disconcerted, one cannot escape the suspicion that he may in fact be a willing participant in the creation of the script that "Royā" is in the process of creating. "Jahāngir" never fails to ease the tension by using his dark humour when the going gets tough. It has been speculated that what one is witnessing is the film, or at least a rehearsal of it, is actually based on the script written by "Royā", with all the members of the family playing their allotted roles.
The philosophical messages of the film are mostly conveyed by the professor of literature (Jamshid Mashayekhi) who teaches the course that "Royā" attends. His reflective manners and insightful statements convincingly portray him as a wise academic who has lived a profound life. In a pivotal scene, while being driven by "Royā" to his home, in the vicinity of "the end of the world", he says:
""This world in which we live is not fit for working. Before I and you everything in it has already been invented. The world of your story is a kind of a world that you have to create yourself; if you want it to revolve on its axis, it must revolve by your will; when you want the sun to shine, it must shine, and when you do not want it to shine, it must disappear behind the clouds; when you want that it rains, the rain must descend from the sky; if you don't wish that it rains, wish it, and the rain will stop.""
In the one but the penultimate scene of the film, Nāser Taghvā'i introduces a visual metaphor, indicative of the intimacy between a husband and wife. This metaphor, which consists of a knife falling from the table to the ground and subsequently being simultaneously retrieved by "Jahāngir" and "Royā", with the former grasping the handle of the knife firmly in his fist, and the latter fixing her fingers on the sides of the blade. Of note is the fact that in the motion pictures made in Iran men and women are not permitted to have physical contact.

</doc>
<doc id="18890786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890786" title="Column of Arcadius">
Column of Arcadius

The column of Arcadius was a Roman triumphal column begun in 401 in the forum of Arcadius in Constantinople to commemorate Arcadius's triumph over the Goths under Gainas in 400. Arcadius died in 408, but the decoration of the column was only completed in 421, so the monument was dedicated to his successor Theodosius II.
Strongly inspired by the Column of Theodosius set up in the forum Tauri in the 380s, the column of Arcadius follows the tradition of triumphal columns such as those of Trajan and Marcus Aurelius. It was destroyed in either the 16th or the 18th century when, weakened by earthquakes, it threatened to topple and had to be taken down—only its massive masonry base of red granite now survives, known as the "Avret Tash" in Turkish[http://www.1911encyclopedia.org/Constantinople] (the shaft was made of serpentine). Even so, the detail of the shaft's decoration is conserved in a series of drawings made in 1575.

</doc>
<doc id="18890815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890815" title="Alexander Horst">
Alexander Horst

Alexander Horst (born December 20, 1982) is a beach volleyball player from Austria. He currently plays on the FIVB World Beach Volleyball Tour with new partner Clemens Doppler. Horst found most success with partner Florian Gosch on the FIVB World Beach Volleyball Tour, however a knee injury forced Florian Gosch into early retirement in the fall of 2010. 
Horst and teammate Florian Gosch represented Austria at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. His career highlights include a 5th place showing at the Beijing Games, a 2nd place at the 2009 European Beach Volleyball Championships in Sochi, Russia, and a 2nd place at the Stare Jablonki Grand Slam in Poland in 2012.
2007.
In his first full season playing with big blocker Gosch, the results were very positive including ninth place positions at the Grand Slam in Stavenger, Norway, the Beach Volleyball World Championships in Gstaad, Switzerland and the European Beach Volleyball Championships in Spain. With 2 other 9th place finishes at open tournaments along with a bronze medal at Aland Finland, the team of Gosch-Horst was well on its way to olympic qualification.
2008.
A disappointing season with no top 10 finishes up until the olympic games in Beijing, China. In the games, they overcame possible elimination in the lucky loser bracket to post a very solid 5th place finish in eventually losing to the Brazilian silver medalists, Marcio and Fabio.
2009.
A very good season with 7 top 10 finishes and then topping it off with a silver medal at the European Beach Volleyball Championships in Sochi, Russia.
2010.
Best finishes in 2010 include a 7th place showing early in the season in Shanghai, and a 4th place finish in Marseille World Series in July. This in his last season playing with Gosch who would have to retire at the end of the season due to knee complications.
2011.
After the retirement of Gosch, Horst played on the 2011 FIVB World Beach Volleyball Tour with new partner and beach volleyball rookie Daniel Müllner. Their best showing was a 17th place in the 2011 Beach Volleyball World Championships in Rome.
On October 21, 2011, the pair officially announced their split. Speculation began immediately of an Alexander Horst / Clemens Doppler duo, who also split from his partner on the same day. Horst and Doppler would go on to announce their partnership 2 weeks later.
2012.
The season started out at the Myslowice Open in Poland. Horst and Doppler placed a solid 7th place to kick off the new season. Between mixed results in the FIVB World Tour and the 2012 CEV European Championships, Horst and Doppler posted a hometown win in Baden, Austria. However, their best success in the 2012 season was grabbing a last-minute spot in the 2012 Summer Olympic Games during the qualification round in Moscow on July 1. The pair had a heartbreaking pool play loss to the Swiss team Heuscher/Bellaguarda in the 2012 Summer Olympic Games, ending their olympic hopes in pool play with a 19th place. One week after the olympics, the Austrian duo rebounded for silver medal performance and beating the season's world champions Gibb/Rosenthal for their best showing on the FIVB tour by an Austrian men's pair ever.

</doc>
<doc id="18890851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890851" title="Nidhamu">
Nidhamu

Nidhamu is a recording by the jazz musician Sun Ra and his Astro-Intergalactic-Infinity Arkestra, documenting their first visit to Egypt.
Tracks 1-3 were recorded live at the Ballon Theatre in Cairo on December 17 1971; track 4 is a solo keyboard performance recorded a week previously.

</doc>
<doc id="18890852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890852" title="Malaysian Agricultural Research and Development Institute">
Malaysian Agricultural Research and Development Institute

The Malaysian Agricultural Research and Development Institute, (MARDI) (Malay: Institut Penyelidikan dan Kemajuan Pertanian Malaysia) is a government body in Malaysia under Ministry of Agriculture and Agro-Based Industry (MOA).

</doc>
<doc id="18890857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890857" title="Yowani Choctaws">
Yowani Choctaws

Yowani (probably from the word for caterpillar) ('Yguanes/Yugani/Iguanes-Spanish') is a branch of the Choctaw tribe which became part of the Caddo Confederacy. The Yowani were named for their village, the reason for the founding of a trading post and what became the European-American town of Shubuta, Mississippi nearby. The Yowani continued to expand their holdings, eventually venturing into Louisiana, where they established close ties with the Caddo and adopted many of the Caddo customs. When Louisiana became part of the United States under the Louisiana Purchase in 1803, many of the Indian tribes in the territory wanted to emigrate to less hostile environs. Spain agreed to allow the Yowanis and the Alabama-Coushatta to move to Spanish Texas. In 1824, a second group of Yowani received permission from Mexico to establish villages in Texas. The Yowani gradually abandoned their original Mississippi homelands, and by 1850 most Yowani lived in Texas, Indian Territory, or in Rapides Parish, Louisiana.
During the Texas Revolution in 1836, the Yowani were a party to a peace treaty with the provisional government of Texas. Following Texas's independence and the creation of the Republic of Texas, relations between Indian tribes and English-speaking settlers deteriorated. Under President Mirabeau B. Lamar, the Texas Army drove most of the Cherokee Indians out of Texas. After a confrontation between a group of Indians and a few of the residents of Nacogdoches, which resulted in the deaths of at least three white men, a vigilante group set out after the offending Indians. Unable to catch the perpetrators, the mob sought revenge by attacking the peaceful and unsuspecting Choctaw village, where they murdered eleven. The survivors split up, with most leaving Texas, at least temporarily. They believed Texas was a dangerous place for any Indian in 1840.
Between 1840 and 1843, elements of the Mexican Militia, led by Vicente Cordova, fought a guerrilla war utilizing remnant groups of displaced tribes, primarily Cherokee but including some Yowani Choctaw. The conflict culminated in the Battle of San Antonio in September 1842. There, both Indian and Mexican regulars were involved in the Dawson Massacre and the Battle of Salado Creek. This was soon followed by the departure of Mexican troops from Texas soil.
For the remnant tribes, peace would come the following year with Sam Houston as Texas President. The Treaty of Birds Fort brought an end to hostilities, especially for the Cherokee under Chief Chicken Trotter. Although only a few Choctaw were involved with the Cordova/Chicken Trotter group, the peace would have long-lasting effects on the Yowanis. Following the end of the Texas-Indian Wars, some of the Yowani returned to East Texas, where they settled with members of Chicken Trotter Cherokee and a few tribes to form the Mount Tabor Indian Community. Most of the male members of the community served in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War. In the early 20th century, several members of the Yowani Choctaw, led by William Clyde Thompson of Texas, relocated to the Chickasaw Nation to be included in the Dawes Commission Final Rolls as citizens by blood of the Choctaw Nation. A long political struggle ensued between 1898 and 1909. In 1905 all the Yowani were stricken from the Final Rolls of the Choctaw Nation. Thompson appealed the matter to the United States Supreme Court. After a favorable response the families were included on a 1909 Choctaw reinstatement list giving them citizenship in the Choctaw Nation.
Origins.
The Yowani Choctaws gained their name from the town in which they lived. The Choctaw people had established a town named Yowani, near what is now the town of Shubuta, Mississippi along the Chickasawhay River. Over time, this group expanded its holdings westward to the eastern dividing ridge of Bogue Homa, then northward as far as present day Pachuta Creek. From this position the territory ran south to the confluence of the Chickasawhay and Buckatunna Rivers. To the east, its lands ran into whate are now Greene and Choctaw Counties in Alabama, bordering on the Muscogee-Creek Nation.
By 1764, a group of Yowani had moved to Louisiana and established contact with the Caddo. Over time, the Yowani adopted Caddo customs. The groups became very interlinked, and anthropologist James Mooney later listed the Yowani as one of the thirteen divisions of the Caddo Confederacy.
Moving westward.
At the time that the Yowanis ventured into Louisiana, the territory was under Spanish control. In 1800, Spain traded Louisiana to France, and the following year the United States purchased the land. Many residents of Louisiana, including many of the Indian tribes, did not wish to be under the authority of the United States. Spain agreed to allow several Indian tribes, including the Yowani Choctaw and the Alabama-Coushatta, to relocate to the neighboring Spanish province of Texas. Other Indian tribes later emigrated to Texas to avoid the Americans; this included the Cherokee, Muscogee-Creek, Seminole, Shawnee, Delaware, Quapaw, Kickapoo and Miami Indians. Following the Mexican War of Independence, Mexico assumed control of Texas. In 1824, another group of Yowani, led by Atahobia, petitioned the Mexican government to settle within the province of Texas. They were given permission to establish several villages east of the Trinity River and west of the border with Louisiana.
During the period between 1810 and 1836, many of the relocated tribes, including the Yowani Choctaw, were often subject to attacks from the Comanche who roamed the western part of Texas, as well as the Lipan Apache, who were located in the southern part of the province. The Yowani often joined forces with the English-speaking settlers against the nomadic tribes.
By 1832, all but two families had left the traditional Yowani lands in Mississippi to migrate west. Although some settled briefly in what is now Rapides Parish, Louisiana, by 1850 many of the Yowani had settled in the Chickasaw Nation in Indian Territory. A small number did remain in Louisiana and established a close bond with the Coushatta.
Texas Indian Wars 1835–1843.
In 1835, English-speaking settlers and some anti-Santa Anna Tejanos in Texas launched the Texas Revolution to gain independence from Mexico. The provisional Texas government sent Sam Houston, a man much respected by the Cherokee tribe, to negotiate a treaty with the Indians living in East Texas. A treaty was concluded at Bowles Village on February 23, 1836, between the Cherokees and Twelve Associated Tribes and the provisional Texas government. This treaty was the first in an attempt to form an intertribal community in which the Choctaw were fully involved.
In March 1836, the Republic of Texas was established and won its full independence from Mexico the following month. Elected the first president of the Republic, Houston continued to negotiate peace with the various Indian tribes. After 1837, the Yowani villages were combined to form a single village on Attoyac Bayou in extreme southeastern Rusk County. An 1837 census of Indians in the Republic of Texas noted that 70 Yowani Choctaw lived in this village, along with several Chickasaw. The census also stated that these people were peaceable.
The Texas Legislature refused to ratify many of Houston's treaties. The second president of the Republic, Mirabeau Lamar, did not share Houston's respect for the native tribes, and refused to honor Houston's treaties. New settlers to the region often settled on lands that had been granted to Indian tribes, and some tribes retaliated against them. In the summer of 1839, Lamar ordered the Texian Army to attack the Cherokee villages. The Americans eventually drove the Cherokee out of Texas and into Indian Territory.
Several small Cherokee bands escaped detection and were not forcibly removed from their homes. One small band, led by Chicken Trotter, also known as Devireaux Jarrett Bell, attempted to regain some of their lands in 1840. While his petition was pending in the Republic legislature, Bell and several other Cherokees were involved in an altercation with three white men near Nacogdoches. The resulting scuffle led to the deaths of the three whites. Knowing the state of Indian–white relations, Bell led his group to Mexico.
Angry at the death of the three white men, a vigilante group formed in Nacogdoches. Unable to catch up to Bell and his group, the vigilantes decided to extract vengeance from the nearby Yowani village where they murdered some eleven Choctaw men, women, and children. After the attack, the Yowani Choctaws abandoned their village. Some returned to Mississippi and others moved to Indian Territory to join the Choctaw Nation. A third group joined the Caddo at the Brazos Reservation further west and eventually accompanied the Caddo to a reservation in what is now Oklahoma. A fourth group, led by Woody Jones, chose to remain in East Texas, moving further into the piney woods to avoid detection.
Throughout Lamar's term as president, fighting persisted between the Republic of Texas and various groups of Indians, including those under Chicken Trotter/Bell, who launched a guerrilla campaign against Texans. When Lamar's term expired, Sam Houston was elected to a second term as president. Houston began treaty negotiations with the tribes, culminating in the Treaty of Birds Fort, which was concluded on September 29, 1843. This treaty ended most hostilities in Texas with the immigrant tribes. Although the Yowani were not a direct party to it, they had several ties to those in attendance. Many of the displaced tribes, including some Yowani Choctaw, formed a new community, Mount Tabor Indian Community. Many Yowani continued to live under the authority of Woody Jones in Houston County near the border with Trinity County.
Mount Tabor Community.
The Mount Tabor Community continued to grow after Texas joined the United States in 1845. President James K. Polk granted permission to the Ridge Party of Cherokees to relocate there from Indian Territory. More Yowani Choctaws, led by Atahobia's grandson Archibald Thompson, also relocated to the Mount Tabor Community by 1850.
The Civil War.
When the American Civil War erupted, almost all of the people living at Mount Tabor supported the Confederacy. Many enlisted in the Confederate Army as part of the Cherokee Mounted Rifles under Stand Watie. During the war, two other Cherokee communities formed in Texas. These were mainly for the protection of Confederate soldiers families. Besides Rusk County, there was a small community near present day Waco and later as an offshoot to the Rusk County group, another formed in Wood County near Quitman. Of the Waco group, there is no information that indicates this was anything but a Cherokee community. However, the Wood County group consisted of both Cherokees and Choctaws.
While a few of the Yowani Choctaw enlisted with the Cherokee Mounted Rifles, most became part of the Texas 14th Cavalry. The war took a heavy toll on the community as nearly one-quarter of all male residents were dead by the end of the war.
Dawes Commission.
Between 1866 and the close of the Dawes Commission Final Rolls, 80% of the Cherokees left Mount Tabor to return north to the Cherokee Nation. Most Choctaws remained in Texas, with a few relocating in the Chickasaw Nation. Only during the period of the Dawes Commission did a number of Choctaws take the opportunities available and move north.
From this just a handful moved to Atoka in the Choctaw Nation and only one family moved to Tuskahoma. The majority moved into Pickens County in the Chickasaw Nation near present day Marlow, Oklahoma.
Many of the Yowani Choctaws from Texas sought on the Final Rolls of the Five Civilized Tribes as Citizens by Blood in the Choctaw Nation. In 1906, 70 members of the Yowani Choctaws who lived in Texas were stricken from the membership rolls of the Choctaw Nation. William C. Thompson and his cousin John Thurston Thompson, Jr., sued. In 1909, the United States Supreme Court ruled that the Texas Choctaws should be reinstated.
Recent years.
Throughout the twentieth century there have been a number strong leaders among the Texas Choctaw community within the overall Mount Tabor Indian Community. The most recognizable would be William Clyde Thompson and Martin Luther Thompson and their contributions to assisting those that sought Citizenship by Blood in the Choctaw Nation as well as keeping the community that remained in Texas viable. However, all deferred to the Cherokees for overall leadership. No Choctaw had ever became Chairman of the Executive Committee before 1988. Following the clear separation from the Cherokee Nation caused by the adoption of the 1975 constitution, which led to the Texas Cherokees and Associate Bands not being included as a band or affiliate of the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma as they had been throughout the 20th century, all descendants who remained in Texas were no longer recognized as Native Americans by the Federal Government. In 1972 Judge Foster T. Bean, an original enrollee on the Guion Miller Roll, took over for W. W. (Bill) Keeler, who had served as Chairman of the Texas Cherokees and Associate Bands since the death of Claude Muskrat, in that Keeler was now to become Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation. Judge Bean continued served in that capacity until retiring from it in 1988. He was replaced by J.C. Thompson, who, although Cherokee through the Hicks family, was one-eighth Choctaw and one-thirty-second Chickasaw. Thompson held the position for eleven years until Terry Easterly took over in 1989. Terry was descended from Arthur Thompson, brother of William Clyde Thompson. Terry was the first woman to hold the position and the first to have no Cherokee blood. Terry was Choctaw, Chickasaw and Muscogee-Creek, making her the first person of Creek blood to head the community. In 2001, she was replaced by Peggy Dean-Atwood, Choctaw, Chickasaw and a descendant of Archibald Thompson. Again in 2002, J.C. Thompson was selected as Chairman and remains in that capacity as of 2013. He has been assisted by Deputy Chairman Ras Pool following the death of Dr. Irv May in August 2000. Pool is the grandson of Martin Luther Thompson.
The most current problems facing the community continues to be the health of its leadership as well as the economy. Decisions must be made to insure leadership into the future as since 2008 five of the seven Executive Committee members have died. As of 2013 J.C. Thompson has continued in failing health and Ras Pool who is still an active and beloved figure, is 85 years of age. The goal for 2014 is a reorganization of the Executive Committee and plans about the overall future of the community, including pursuit of federal acknowledgment if such is voted on by the membership at the 2014 General Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="18890859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890859" title="Cobblestone (magazine)">
Cobblestone (magazine)

Cobblestone Magazine is a magazine that is published by the Carus Publishing Company. It was published by Cobblestone Publishing prior to its merger with Carus. It has been published since 1980. It is a children's magazine on American history, especially the history of early America. Each issue is 48 pages and focuses on a particular subject, such as John Adams or the Battle of Gettysburg. Each issue contains several historical articles on the subject, as well as fun activities related to the culture of the times. It is aimed at students in elementary and middle school.

</doc>
<doc id="18890862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890862" title="14N">
14N

14N may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18890875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890875" title="Kosgi">
Kosgi

Kosgi (Telugu: కోస్గి) is a Major grama panchayathi in Mahbubnagar district of Andhra Pradesh state in India. It has a population of 21,038 (Census 2001). It is a part of Kodangal constituency of the Andhra Pradesh state's Legislative Assembly. The notable towns nearby Kosgi are Tandur, Kodangal, Mahabubnagar, Pargi and Narayanpet.
Kosgi Mandal.
Kosgi is the headquarter of the Kosgi Mandal, which comprises 24 villages. The administration of this mandal is run from the Mandal revenue office in Kosgi.
The villages which come under Kosgi Mandal are Amlikunta, Balabhadraipalle, Balwanpally, Bhakthimalla, Bhogaram, Bijjaram, Chandravancha, Chennaram, Hanuman pally, Gundmal, Kadampalle, Kosgi, Kothapalle, Malreddipally, Masaipally, Mirzapur, Mudireddipalle, Mungimalla, Mushrifa, Nacharam,Pothireddy Pally, Sampally, Sarjakhanpet, Thogapur and Lodhipur.
Backwardness.
Kosgi and the surrounding mandals are backward in economic, health, educational and social terms. It is one of the poorest mandals in Mahbubnagar, a severely drought hit district in India. Due to continuous droughts, illiteracy, and high poverty, the development in this area is very less than the mainstream development of an average town in India.
Education.
There is at least one state government's school and/or the Zilla Parishad High Schools (ZPHS) in all the villages in Kosgi mandal. Most of these are primary schools. The major educational institutions in Kosgi mandal are:
Schools in Kosgi are ZPHS, ZPHS (boys), ZPHS Girls (Urdu Medium), Shanthi Nikethan high school(EM), Govt. high school, Manasa high school, Vivekananda high school, Govt. Junior college and Prajna junior college.
Apart from these, the major schools in other parts of the mandal are ZPHS schools in Mirjapur, Gundumal, Mushrifa and Sarjkhan Pet. Higher secondary, Intermediate and higher education institutions are situated only in Kosgi town.
NGO support.
Due to financial constraints the government of Andhra Pradesh has instituted a policy to actively seek private/NGO adoption of government schools. As part of this, the NGOs like Asha for education and Bhumi are helping to improve the education in Kosgi mandal. The silicon valley chapter of Asha organization is funding one of such project named Balavikas in Kosgi. The ground work is taken up by Bhumi. This project aims to improve infrastructure, and teaching quality in selected educational institutions in Kosgi.
Migration.
The declining economic feasibility of agriculture, and increasing debts of the farmers in Kosgi mandal has forced them to migrate to the metropolitan cities like Hyderabad and especially Mumbai, where they work mostly as laborer in construction work. The government's efforts, to restore the normal situation using projects like Self Help Groups and Food for Work program have been ineffective.
See also.
Kodangal

</doc>
<doc id="18890884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890884" title="Kukla (album)">
Kukla (album)

Kukla ("Puppet") is the second album released by German-Turkish singer Asuman Krause, after her debut album Çok Yalnızım.

</doc>
<doc id="18890896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890896" title="Obelisk of Theodosius">
Obelisk of Theodosius

The Obelisk of Theodosius () is the Ancient Egyptian obelisk of Pharaoh Tutmoses III re-erected in the Hippodrome of Constantinople (known today as "At Meydanı" or "Sultanahmet Meydanı", in the modern city of Istanbul, Turkey) by the Roman emperor Theodosius I in the 4th century AD.
History.
The obelisk was first set up by Tutmoses III (1479–1425 BC) to the south of the seventh pylon of the great temple of Karnak. The Roman emperor Constantius II (337-361 AD) had it and another obelisk transported along the river Nile to Alexandria to commemorate his "ventennalia" or 20 years on the throne in 357. The other obelisk was erected on the "spina" of the Circus Maximus in Rome in the autumn of that year, and is today known as the Lateran obelisk, whilst the obelisk that would become the obelisk of Theodosius remained in Alexandria until 390, when Theodosius I (378-392 AD) had it transported to Constantinople and put up on the "spina" of the Hippodrome there.
Description.
Obelisk.
The Obelisk of Theodosius is of red granite from Aswan and was originally 30m tall, like the Lateran obelisk. The lower part was damaged in antiquity, probably during its transport or re-erection, and so the obelisk is today only 18.54m (or 19.6m) high, or 25.6m if the base is included. Between the four corners of the obelisk and the pedestal are four bronze cubes, used in its transportation and re-erection.
Each of its four faces has a single central column of inscription, celebrating Tutmoses III's victory on the banks of the river Euphrates in 1450 BC. 
Pedestal.
The marble pedestal had bas-reliefs dating to the time of the obelisk's re-erection in Constantinople. On one face Theodosius I is shown offering the crown of victory to the winner in the chariot races, framed between arches and Corinthian columns, with happy spectators, musicians and dancers assisting in the ceremony. In the bottom right of this scene is the water organ of Ctesibius and on the left another instrument.
There are obvious traces of major damage to the pedestal and energetic restoration of it. Missing pieces have been replaced, at the pedestal's bottom corners, by cubes of porphyry resting on the bronze cubes already mentioned - the bronze and porphyry cubes are of identical form and dimensions. There is also a vertical gash up one of the obelisk's faces, which look like a canal from above. These repairs to the base may be linked to the cracking of the obelisk itself after its suffering a serious accident (perhaps an earthquake) at an unknown date in antiquity.
Inscriptions.
The pedestal's east face bears an inscription in five Latin hexameters. This is slightly broken at the bottom but it was transcribed in full by travellers in the 16th century. It reads:
Translation:
On the west face the same idea is repeated in two elegiac couplets rendered in Byzantine Greek, though this time it reports that the re-erection took 32 days (TPIAKONTA ΔYO, last line) not 30:
Translation:

</doc>
<doc id="18890898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890898" title="Federal Agricultural and Marketing Authority (Malaysia)">
Federal Agricultural and Marketing Authority (Malaysia)

The Federal Agricultural and Marketing Authority, (FAMA) (Malay: Lembaga Pemasaran Pertanian Persekutuan) is a government body in Malaysia under Ministry of Agriculture and Agro-Based Industry (MOA).

</doc>
<doc id="18890914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890914" title="Live in Egypt 1">
Live in Egypt 1

Live in Egypt 1 is a recording by the jazz musician Sun Ra and his Astro-Intergalactic-Infinity Arkestra, documenting their first visit to Egypt.
Tracks 1-4 are from a television broadcast on December 16, 1971 and include an interview with Sun Ra; tracks 5-7 are recordings made at a domestic concert in Heliopolis 4 days previously.
In various editions, the record has sometimes been known by other titles, "Dark Myth Equation Visitation" and "Nature's God" 

</doc>
<doc id="18890926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890926" title="Cyber Speedway">
Cyber Speedway

Cyber Speedway ("Gran Chaser" in Japan) is a 1995 racing video game developed by NexTech and published by Sega for the Sega Saturn.
It is a spiritual sequel to 1993 computer game "CyberRace", as both games have a similar theme, and vehicles designed by Syd Mead.

</doc>
<doc id="18890939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890939" title="Fire in the Wind">
Fire in the Wind

Fire In The Wind is an album released in 1975 and it is the ninth album by folk musician John Stewart, former member of the Kingston Trio. Re-released on CD on the Wrasse label in 2001 with five bonus tracks.
Track listing.
All compositions by John Stewart except where noted.
Side one
Side two
Tracks 1-2, 1-4, 2-1, 2-5 produced by Mentor Williams.<br>
Tracks 1-1, 1-3, 2-3 produced by Mentor Williams with John Stewart.<br>
Tracks 1-5, 2-2, 2-4 produced by John Stewart.<br>
Mixed by Michael Stewart with John Stewart and Rick Ruggieri at Producers Workshop, Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18890945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890945" title="Westcoast Transmission Co.">
Westcoast Transmission Co.

Westcoast Transmission Co. Ltd. was a Canadian company founded in 1949 by entrepreneur Frank McMahon who saw an enormous opportunity to supply natural gas to the huge industrial and residential markets in the United States.
In 1949, through a special Act of the Parliament of Canada, he incorporated Westcoast Transmission Co. Ltd. whose business plan included the construction of a 650-mile gas pipeline from Taylor in north-eastern British Columbia to the United States. McMahon personally began lobbying the Canadian and American governments to remove their restrictions on the export and import of natural gas. After exhaustive efforts he succeeded and in 1955 construction began on the Westcoast Pipeline, Canada's first "big-inch" pipeline. Along with its gathering system, processing plants and compressor stations were completed in the fall of 1957. In 1964, Westcoast Transmission built another processing plant at Fort Nelson, British Columbia in support of an additional 250 mile line to the company's new discoveries in the Canadian Northwest. In 1974, Westcoast Tramsmission created Foothills Pipeline Ltd., a subsidiary company established to build and operate the Canadian portions of the Alaska Natural Gas Transportation System. 
After Frank McMahon's death in 1986, Westcoast Transmission Co. Ltd. was renamed Westcoast Energy Inc. and in 2002 Duke Energy of Charlotte, North Carolina paid $8 billion for the company.

</doc>
<doc id="18890954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890954" title="South Pacific Touring Series">
South Pacific Touring Series

The South Pacific Touring Series was an Australian Touring car racing series held annually from 1970 to 1975 during the month of February in conjunction with the Tasman Series for open-wheelers. Races counting towards the series were staged at Surfers Paradise in Queensland, Warwick Farm in Sydney, Sandown Park in Melbourne and, from 1972, at the Adelaide International Raceway in South Australia.
History.
The 1970 series was run under the name Tasman Touring Series, with the South Pacific Touring Series name adopted for 1971. Up until 1972 the series was open to Group E Series Production Touring Cars The position of the series on the Australian racing calendar meant that it was the first title to be contested by the Chrysler, Ford and Holden teams each year. 
A Manufacturers Trophy was awarded in addition to a drivers title in 1970, and in later years the Entrant of the car driven by the driver gaining the most points in the series was awarded equal recognition with the winning driver. Ford works team lead driver Allan Moffat was the winning driver in 1970 with the Ford Motor Company of Australia awarded the Manufacturers Trophy. John Goss took the title driving for McLeod Ford in 1972. Harry Firth's Holden Dealer Team and its drivers won the title four times, with Colin Bond winning in 1971 and 1975 and Peter Brock victorious in 1973 and 1974. 
By the mid-1970s the series, like the Tasman Series, was in decline and it was discontinued after 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18890970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890970" title="Decathlon (disambiguation)">
Decathlon (disambiguation)

The decathlon is an athletic event combining ten track and field events.
Decathlon may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18890971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890971" title="Normative Aging Study">
Normative Aging Study

The Normative Aging Study (NAS) is a longitudinal study which studies the effects of aging on various health issues. The ongoing study was established in 1963 by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs.
Participants in the study have undergone medical examinations every three to five years, also answering questions about behaviors affecting health.
Among the topics researchers have used the NAS for are stress, smoking, and cardiac health.

</doc>
<doc id="18890981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890981" title="Jolanda Kroesen">
Jolanda Kroesen

Jolanda Kroesen (born May 2, 1979 in Purmerend) is a Dutch softball player, who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
Kroesen played for Flying Petrols and since 1997 for Sparks Haarlem. She is an outfielder who bats and throws right-handed. She competes for the Dutch national team since 2001. In that year she was named MVP at the European Championship. She is part of the Dutch team for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18890984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890984" title="464th Chemical Brigade (United States)">
464th Chemical Brigade (United States)

The 464th Chemical Brigade was a chemical unit in the United States Army Reserve from February 1972 until September 2008.
Mission.
To provide command and control of two to six chemical battalions and other assigned or attached separate companies at Corps level. To provide staff planning and coordination for the combat, combat support, and combat service support operations for all assigned and attached units. To allocate units and resources in support of chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear (CBRN) reconnaissance, decontamination, biological detection, and smoke operations. And, to conduct civilian decontamination in response to a domestic accident or deliberate CBRN incident.
Motto.
We Serve In Silence is the motto of the 464th Chemical Brigade. This motto connotes the silent, but deadly force of the weapons that the chemical corps was built to combat and the silent, dirty, thankless, yet life-saving job that the chemical soldier performs with the utmost expertise, dignity, and honor.
History.
This unit was constituted on 20 October 1953 in the Army Reserves as the 464th Chemical Group and assigned to First United States Army. It was officially activated in New York City on 1 December 1953. It was later inactivated on 31 January 1968. On 22 February 1972, the unit was assigned to Third United States Army and activated at Orlando, Florida. The unit was transferred from Third United States Army to Second United States Army on 1 October 1983. After being reassigned back to First United States Army on June 1987, it was reorganized from the 464th Chemical Group to the 464th Chemical Brigade. And, it was relocated to Johnstown, Pennsylvania. The unit was inactivated on 16 September 2008.
Previous Commanders.
The following is a list of all of the commanders of this unit from 1972 until its inactivation in 2008.
Former Subordinate Units.
The following is a list of all of the military units that this unit commanded.

</doc>
<doc id="18890985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18890985" title="Malaysia Agro Exposition Park Serdang">
Malaysia Agro Exposition Park Serdang

The Malaysia Agro Exposition Park Serdang or "MAEPS" is the largest agro park in Malaysia and Asia. It was created under an initiative by the Malaysian Ministry of Agriculture to be a venue for meetings, incentives, conferences and exhibitions (MICE), especially for those catering towards the agriculture, horticulture and agrotourism field.
Located in the suburb of Serdang, Selangor near Putrajaya, MAEPS is situated to the south of the Malaysian Agricultural Research and Development Institute. It is strategically located about 30 minutes away from Kuala Lumpur and is accessible via the South Klang Valley Expressway.
The convention centre has four halls (Halls A to D), which are situated on of land. The buildings and outdoor spaces were carefully designed to bring out the best of the natural beauty of the surrounding landscape.

</doc>
<doc id="18891001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891001" title="György Szabados">
György Szabados

György Szabados (13 July 1939 – 10 June 2011) was a Hungarian jazz pianist, and is sometimes referred to as the "father" or "unofficial king" of the Hungarian free jazz movement since the 1960s.
Biography.
Szabados was born in Budapest. Even though he started performing in 1962, his rise to fame is generally considered to have started with his quintet winning the renowned San Sebastian Jazz Festival Grand Prize in the free jazz category in 1972. His first album that was recorded with a quartet in 1975 was entitled "Wedding". Despite the abstraction of the music, the record was well received in Hungary and abroad, thereby setting the scene for his subsequent albums. International recognition is probably noted by including the album in "The Essential Jazz Records" compiled by Max Harrison, Eric Thacker and Stuart Nicholson (Volume 2: Modernism to Postmodernism). Even though he could not record again until 1983, he maintained his status by establishing the Kassák Workshop for Contemporary Music, in which a new generation of musicians acquired a free and intuitive manner of playing jazz, with a distinct Hungarian sound. Generally, his collaborators would make up the next generation of Hungarian jazz, including acclaimed saxophone player Mihály Dresch. Further international recognition followed in the 1980s, through his collaboration with Anthony Braxton on their duo record "Szabraxtondos". In Hungary, he proceeded to form MAKUZ, or the Royal Hungarian Court Orchestra, which membership varied, but always consisted of at least nine musicians that were committed to free, improvised music. Subsequently, he still collaborated with Roscoe Mitchell on their 1998 record "Jelenés (Revelation)" and again with Braxton and Vladimir Tarasov this time for the live recording "Triotone". He was awarded the Kossuth Prize, the most prestigious cultural award in Hungary, in 2011 by the President of Hungary. He died in Nagymaros on 10 June 2011.
Influences.
Szabados' work and thinking is distinctly placed in Hungarian culture. Most importantly, a good deal of his music is influenced by Hungarian folk music, mainly from Transsylvania. Apart from direct folk associations, this influenced on Szabados' work was to a great extent mediated through the work of Hungarian composer Béla Bartók (1881–1945), who pioneered the reintegration of folk tradition in classical by his numerous field recordings. As he formulated it himself:
'Apart from the occasional moments, it is difficult to find traces of Bartók's music in our music. Hungarian music has such characteristic features that, when they appear, they are immediately linked to Bartók, whereas the real kinship is not with Bartók but, on a much deeper level, with Hungarian music, a world view, and a special taste'
Apart from folk influences in his work, Szabados always gave clear references to other key instances of Hungarian culture. His 1983 record "Adyton", for instance, is partially a reference to Hungarian poet Endre Ady, whereas his 1989 album "A szarvassá vált fiak (Sons that became deer)" was inspired by the Hungarian revolution of 1956. Choosing the word Adyton as a title for his record also shows the Szabados' philosophical thinking about his music. A documentary film about his work was issued by Duna TV.

</doc>
<doc id="18891007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891007" title="Daisy de Peinder">
Daisy de Peinder

Daisy de Peinder (born December 26, 1976 in Breda) is a Dutch softball player, who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
De Peinder played for Twins Sporting Club, Tallahassee CC, St. Louis CC, Columbia State University and since 2007 for Macerata. She is a shortstop and third baseman who bats and throws right-handed. She competes for the Dutch national team since 1997. In 2001 she was named as the best batter in the Dutch Softball Hoofdklasse. She is part of the Dutch team for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18891012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891012" title="Emfuleni Local Municipality">
Emfuleni Local Municipality

The Emfuleni Local Municipality is one of three local municipalities comprising the 
Sedibeng District in Gauteng, South Africa. It is the westernmost local municipality in the 
District, and covers an area of 987 km².
Emfuleni shares boundaries with Metsimaholo Local Municipality in the Free State to the south, Midvaal Local Municipality to the east, the City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality to the north and Westonaria and Tlokwe (Potchefstroom) Municipalities to the west. 
The Emfuleni Local Municipality is rich in history: it encapsulates the Anglo-Boer War, the Sharpeville Massacre of 1960, and the 1996 signing of the Constitution of South Africa in Sharpeville.
Emfuleni is a largely urbanised municipality, with high population concentrations and density compared to other municipalities making up the Sedibeng District. In fact, the municipality houses around 80% of the district's total population.
The municipality is strategically located with access to a well-maintained road network – e.g. the N1 national route. The Vaal River forms the southern boundary of the municipality; its strategic location affords it many opportunities for tourism and other forms of economic development.
Emfuleni has two main town centres: Vereeniging and Vanderbijlpark. Sasolburg is 10 kilometers to the south, across the provincial boundary. The municipality forms the heartland of what was formerly known as the Vaal Triangle, renowned for its contribution to the iron and steel industry in South Africa. It also contains six large townships (Evaton, Sebokeng, Sharpeville, Boipatong, Bophelong and Tshepiso), which currently lack the facilities generally associated with towns of their size. 
There are a number of small settlements, mostly within approximately six kilometers of the above towns:
Bonanne, Steelpark, Duncanville, Unitas Park, Sonland Park, Waldrift, Rust-ter-Vaal, Roshnee and Debonair Park. The area also comprises a number of large residential areas, all of which require considerable investment in infrastructure and environmental upgrading.
Main places.
The 2001 census divided the municipality into the following main places:
Politics.
The municipal council consists of eighty-nine members elected by mixed-member proportional representation. Forty-five councillors are elected by first-past-the-post voting in forty-five wards, while the remaining forty-four are chosen from party lists so that the total number of party representatives is proportional to the number of votes received. In the election of 18 May 2011 the African National Congress (ANC) won a majority of sixty-four seats on the council.
The following table shows the results of the election.

</doc>
<doc id="18891029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891029" title="Marjan Smit">
Marjan Smit

Marjan Smit (born September 29, 1975 in Breda) is a Dutch softball player, who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
Smit played for Twins Sport Club, Zwijndrecht and since 2004 she is back at the Twins. She is an outfielder and second baseman who bats and throws right-handed. She competes for the Dutch national team since 1999. In 2002 she stole the most bases in the Dutch Softball Hoofdklasse. She is part of the Dutch team for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18891035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891035" title="Leonid Baratov">
Leonid Baratov

Leonid Vasilyeevich Baratov () (April 1 (O.S. March 20), 1895, Moscow – July 22, 1964, Moscow) was a Soviet opera director and People's Artist of the RSFSR (1958). 
Leonid Baratov was awarded Stalin Prizes on several occasions (1943, 1949, 1950, 1951, 1952), three orders, and numerous medals.
Filmography.
As a director
As an actor

</doc>
<doc id="18891069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891069" title="Mickey Lopez">
Mickey Lopez

Raymond Michael "Mickey" Lopez (born November 17, 1973 in Miami, Florida) is a former Major League Baseball second baseman. Lopez played for the Seattle Mariners in the season. In six games, Lopez had one hit in four at-bats, with one walk. He was a switch-hitter who threw right-handed.

</doc>
<doc id="18891075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891075" title="Navana Group">
Navana Group

Navana Group is a Bangladeshi industrial conglomerate.
Navana Group under the leadership of Mr. Shafiul Islam Kamal as Chairman emerged into a separate physical entity from Islam Group after the death of its Chairman Mr. Jahurul Islam (entrepreneur) which was then the largest business group in Bangladesh. Navana Group comprises a number of companies, has diversified its activities in various areas like product and project marketing, construction and real estate business, international trading, distributorship and production of various items and already attained significance in the business arena of Bangladesh.
List of companies.
The companies of Navana Group are listed below:
Navana Limited.
Navana Limited, the flagship company of the Navana Group (previously Islam Group) was established in 1964 by the then Group's founder Mr. Jahurul Islam and had an exclusive distributorship agreement with Toyota of Japan to market Toyota cars in the then East Pakistan.
Aftab Automobiles Ltd.
Aftab Automobiles Ltd, a sister concern of Navana Group mainly a vehicle assembling and small parts manufacturing company. The company has been assembling Toyota & HINO vehicles for Bangladesh market since 1982, recently lunched HINO -Mini bus.
Navana CNG Limited.
Navana CNG Limited, a sister concern of Navana Group, is the leading CNG service provider of Bangladesh. Navana CNG Limited is the sole distributor of the CNG and LPG conversion kit manufacturer Landi Renzos P.A., Italy. Navana CNG Limited solely represents the manufacturer of CNG Refueling Station Technology Safes.r.l., Italy. For Three Wheeler conversion, Navana CNG Limited is the sole distributor of Vanaz Engineers, India. It has also collaboration with Omnitek, USA, Altenergy, India and Argenchip, Argentina for diesel vehicle conversion to CNG.
Navana Real Estate Ltd.
Navana Real Estate Ltd. (NREL) was formed in late 1996 under the Chairmanship of Mr. Shafiul Islam Kamal to exploit the boom in Real Estate Development in Bangladesh.
NREL has been working on apartments, commercial and land projects.
Navana Textiles Ltd.
Navana Textiles Ltd. (Sweater Unit) is a 100% export oriented sweater factory situated at its own premises at Kalma, Saver, Dhaka.
Navana Computers & Technologies Ltd.
Navana Computers & Technologies Ltd. (NCTL) came into existence in the IT Sector in 1997.
Navana Petroleum Limited.
Navana Petroleum Limited. (NPL) has inaugurated its operation on April 6, 2006 in Radisson Water Garden as the marketing company of Caltex brand in Bangladesh.
Caltex, a member of the world renowned Chevron Corporation, was created in 1936 as joint venture between Chevron Corporation and Texaco Inc. Caltex operates with more than 7800 retail outlets, including 4500 branded Caltex stations and 700 Star Mart, across 60 countries. The Caltex commercial business unit offers not only fuels to its customers, but also provide management and control in dispensing fuel to vehicles, as well as inventory reconciliation.
Profile of top management.
Shafiul Islam.
- Chairman & Managing Director
Born in 1949, Mr. Shafiul Islam Kamal, son of Late Alhaj Aftabuddin Ahmed, had his early education in science related subjects. He joined the Islam Group in 1968 to begin what was to become a successful career in the automotive as well as in construction, real estate business. In the early years, he gained valuable experience by being involved in the management of the Group's diverse business operations. He played a major role in establishing Navana as the premier car company in Bangladesh, and later, in setting up Aftab Automobiles. He was also responsible for the construction company named: Bengal Development Corporation (BDC) and he was directly responsible for the construction work of BDC in Middle East and from 1981 he was also taking care Eastern Housing Limited, then the largest real estate developing company in Bangladesh. In 1996, after the death of Mr. Jahurul Islam, the then Chairman of Islam Group, he separated from Islam Group with Navana Ltd. and Aftab Automobiles Ltd. and formed Navana Group. He has been the key person of the business of Islam Group and he was a person responsible to take care all problems and to maintain public relation with all the top politicians, bureaucrats, top military officials and other key persons. With the back-ground and the amount of acceptability that he had, no body else in this country enjoys that.
Saiful Islam Shumon.
- Senior Vice Chairman 
Mr. Saiful Islam (Shumon), son of Mr. Shafiul Islam Kamal, had his education in business related subjects from New Delhi University, India. While attending his university studies, Mr. Islam joined his father in Navana Group. He gained valuable experience by being involved in the management of the group?s diverse business operations. In 2000 Mr. Islam accepted the responsibilities of the management and operations of Navana Limited, Navana Group?s flagship company. Since this time Mr. Saiful Islam has also contributed his experience and management skills to the operations of Navana Real Estate Limited, Navana Construction Limited and Navana CNG Ltd.
Sajedul Islam.
- Vice Chairman
Sakhawat Hossain.
- Director 
Born in 1935, Mr. Sakhawat Hossain, son of Late Alhaj Ahmmad Ali, graduated in commerce in 1953 and completed Course of Chartered Accountant in 1957. Joined Swissboring and worked 14 years and thereafter joined Islam Group as Director. Since 1996 actively engaged and looking after Navana Real Estate business. He has expertise in Finance and Project Management.
Md. Shahidullah.
- Director 
Born in 1951, Mr. Md. Shahidullah, son of Alhaj Aftab Uddin Ahmed completed his B.Sc. Engineering (Mechanical) in 1972. He worked in different reputed organizations in Bangladesh and thereafter joined Islam Group as Director. Since 1996 actively engaged and looking after Navana Construction business. He has expertise in Construction and Project Management.
Mahmood Jan Chowdhury.
- Executive director 
Born in 1946, Mr. Chowdhury, had his early training in Automobile Engineering and Management from Britain. He attended numerous training courses abroad covering Sales Service, Industrial Management, QC Circle Management and Automobile Jig Manufacturing. He also has working experience with an automobile company in the UK. He joined Navana as Technical Manager, a position he held for 8 years, following which he was made Plant Manager of Aftab Automobiles, and later promoted to General Manager. He was promoted as Operative Director of Navana's Chittagong Division in June 1996. He has been promoted to Executive director in the year of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18891085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891085" title="Sandro Continenza">
Sandro Continenza

Sandro Continenza (13 July 1920 – 21 November 1996) was an Italian screenwriter. He wrote for 142 films between 1949 and 1982. He was born in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18891090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891090" title="Jane Mendillo">
Jane Mendillo

Jane Mendillo is the President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Harvard Management Company.
Jane returned to Harvard Management Company as its president and chief executive officer on July 1, 2008 and is now responsible for directing Harvard's $35 billion endowment.
Prior to rejoining Harvard, she was the chief investment officer at Wellesley College from 2002 to 2008 and was responsible for the investment policy and management of the College’s $1.0 billion endowment and its related assets. Before joining Wellesley College, Jane was employed by the Harvard Management Company from 1987-2001. Her most recent position at Harvard Management Company was as vice president of external management, in which she had investment responsibility for $7 billion in Harvard assets, including $6 billion in externally managed investments for the Harvard endowment, and $1 billion in Harvard pension and related accounts. Jane’s prior positions at Harvard Management included domestic equities investment, venture capital investment, and the management and investment of charitable trusts and gifts.
Prior to joining Harvard Management Company, Jane was a management consultant with Bain & Company in Boston, MA from 1984-1987. 
From 1980-1982 Jane was a manager in the office of investments at Yale University. During 1983, she worked with Lord Abbett in New York as an equities analyst.
Jane has a BA from Yale College (1980, English) and an MBA from the Yale School of Management (1984). She is a chartered financial analyst and a member of the Boston Security Analysts Society. She is a member of the Yale University Investment Committee, a member of the board of the Investment Fund for Foundations, and a corporator of Emerson Hospital.
Jane lives in Concord, MA with her husband, Ralph Earle III, and their two children, Elizabeth and Thomas.
Forbes include Mendillo in the 100 Most Powerful Women list of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18891095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891095" title="William Elliot">
William Elliot

William Elliot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18891114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891114" title="Vadim Sobko">
Vadim Sobko

Vadim Nikolayevich Sobko () (May 18 (O.S. May 5), 1912, Moscow - September 12, 1981) was a Soviet/Ukrainian writer.
Vadim Sobko was awarded the Stalin Prize (1951), seven orders, and several medals.

</doc>
<doc id="18891136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891136" title="2008 Pilot Pen Tennis – Men's Singles">
2008 Pilot Pen Tennis – Men's Singles

James Blake was the defending champion, but chose not to participate that year.
Marin Čilić won in the final 6–4, 4–6, 6–2, against Mardy Fish.
Seeds.
All seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18891140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891140" title="Anna Campori">
Anna Campori

Anna Campori (born 22 September 1917) is an Italian actress. She has appeared in 70 films since 1951.
Born in Rome, Italy, after the debut on stage in a small company of prose Campori moved shortly after into avanspettacolo and revue, entering the company of the De Vico Brothers with whom she toured across Italy during the Second World War.
After her marriage to Pietro De Vico, she became the prima donna in the companies he founded, even still appearing on several stage comedies of other companies.
Campori was also an active character actress for films and television series, a voice actress and a radio hostess. She made her last appearance in the TV series "Carabinieri".

</doc>
<doc id="18891147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891147" title="Adolfo Lazzarini">
Adolfo Lazzarini

Adolfo Lazzarini Osorio (7 May 1952 – 1 July 2010) was a naturalized Paraguayan footballer who played as a winger.
Career.
Born in Sauce, Corrientes, Lazzarini moved from Argentina to the Paraguayan city of Pilar where he played for local Club America in 1972. In 1974 he was transferred to Olimpia Asunción and afterwards he played for various clubs such as River Plate (Asunción), Libertad and Cruz Azul of Mexico before returning to Olimpia in 1979, year in which the team won the Copa Libertadores. He then played in 1980 for LDU Quito and came back to Paraguay in 1982 to play for Cerro Porteño of Presidente Franco to put an end to his career.
Since Lazzarini acquired to Paraguayan citizenship at a young age, he was able to play a twelve matches for the Paraguay national football team.
Personal.
In 2010, Lazzarini died following a long illness in Asunción.

</doc>
<doc id="18891167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891167" title="Charles Chauncey">
Charles Chauncey

Charles Chauncey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18891173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891173" title="Nairobi Club Ground">
Nairobi Club Ground

The Nairobi Club Ground is a multi-use sports venue in Upper Hill, Nairobi, Kenya. It is the oldest cricket ground in Kenya, and was the first to get a turf wicket, which was laid by Don Pringle, who played for East Africa in the 1975 Cricket World Cup.
Cricket.
The ground hosted its only One-Day International (ODI) in 1996, when South Africa played Sri Lanka in the Sameer Cup. Sri Lanka won the match by 2 wickets, with Sanath Jayasuriya passing 2,500 runs in ODI cricket and 100 wickets in List A cricket during the match.
Other international matches have been played at the venue, with Kenya playing Tanzania in 1951 and 1952, and New Zealand in 1999. It also hosted eight matches in the 1994 ICC Trophy, none of which involved Kenya, the highlight perhaps being the match between Bermuda and the UAE which saw Bermuda score 329/9 only for the UAE to chase the target down and score 330/9 to win by one wicket with just two balls to spare. Both innings are in the all time top 20 ICC Trophy team totals, and the UAE's total is their highest in the ICC Trophy. The cricket team of the Kenya Kongonis operates from the Nairobi Club
Other sports.
Many other sports are played at the ground, with the Kenya Davis Cup team playing their home matches here. There is also an all weather hockey pitch and facilities for squash, bowls and swimming.

</doc>
<doc id="18891177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891177" title="Albert Goldthorpe Medal">
Albert Goldthorpe Medal

The Albert Goldthorpe Medal is an award that has been created by "Rugby Leaguer & League Express" to honour the leading players in Super League and to honour Albert Goldthorpe who was English rugby league's first superstar at the turn of the 20th century.
The Albert Goldthorpe Medal is a solid gold medal worth several thousand UK pounds, incorporating a photograph of Goldthorpe with "All Four Cups". 
The award was introduced in the 2008 season to commemorate the centenary of the feat of Goldthorpe in leading Hunslet to become the first club to win all four major trophies in one season in 1908. 
It is intended to parallel the 'Dally M Medal' named after the great Australian player Dally Messenger, which is awarded to the NRL player of the year by rugby league writers associated with the News Limited series of newspapers in Australia.
"League Express" reporters will cast votes for the Albert Goldthorpe Medal after every Super League game in the regular season. The three players who, in the opinion of the reporter, have been the three 'best and fairest' players in the game will receive three points, two points and one point respectively. To be eligible for a vote, a player must not have been suspended from the competition at any stage during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="18891186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891186" title="Vânia Bastos">
Vânia Bastos

Vânia Bastos (born May 13, 1956) is a Brazilian singer, who began her professional life with the Vanguarda Paulista avant-garde movement in the early 1980s.
Biography.
Bastos moved to São Paulo in 1975, to study sociology and singing. In 1980, she began her career as vocalist of Arrigo Barnabé's "Sabor de Veneno" band. She was the main soloist of Barnabé's 1983 album "Tubarões Voadores", and participated in presentations and recordings with Itamar Assumpção, the other important name of the Vanguarda. She also recorded with bands of Brazilian rock as "Magazine" and "Joelho de Porco". From 1986, she began to record her own works.

</doc>
<doc id="18891213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891213" title="Amery Municipal Airport">
Amery Municipal Airport

Amery Municipal Airport is a city owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) south of the central business district of Amery, a city in Polk County, Wisconsin, United States. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
The airport was damaged by high winds in September 2005. Six planes were damaged and five hangars were destroyed.
Facilities and aircraft.
Amery Municipal Airport covers an area of 218 acres (88 ha) at an elevation of 1,088 feet (332 m) above mean sea level. It has one VASI equipped runway designated 18/36 with an asphalt surface measuring 4,000 by 75 feet (1,219 x 23 m).
For the 12-month period ending September 21, 2011, the airport had 13,900 aircraft operations, an average of 38 per day: 98% general aviation, 1% air taxi, and 1% military. At that time there were 23 aircraft based at this airport: 70% single-engine, 17% ultralight, and 13% multi-engine.

</doc>
<doc id="18891217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891217" title="Jalan Kerja Ayer Lama">
Jalan Kerja Ayer Lama

Jalan Kerja Ayer Lama (Selangor state route ) is a major road in Selangor, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="18891225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891225" title="Alberto Talegalli">
Alberto Talegalli

Alberto Talegalli (2 October 1913 – 17 July 1961) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 37 films between 1952 and 1961. He was born in Pincano (Spoleto), Italy and died in Perugia, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18891293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891293" title="CADO Systems">
CADO Systems

CADO Systems was a minicomputer and software manufacturer in 1976. In 1983 was acquired by Contel Business Systems. In 1989 Contel Business Systems merged with NDS and became VERSYSS. CADO was formed by former staff of McDonnell-Douglas Information Systems. CADO was based in Torrance Ca. and had a manufacturing plant and systems software engineering team in Cork, Ireland.
Business model.
Contel and CADO focused their marketing on vertical markets. The computers and operating systems were tailored to rapid development and deployment of market-specific applications for small businesses, including:
CADO Systems was one of the first manufacturer of (Intel) microcomputer-based business system with disk drives, application software, a compiler for the proprietary (BASIC-like) interpreted language "CADOL". The first prototype used an 8008 and sprang to life in 1973. By 1975, CADO was selling computers.
The first systems built were the 8080 "/1" systems with 3 KB of main memory and an 8-inch floppy drive. They could handle one serial port connected to one CRT-based terminal with keyboard - one user.
By the late seventies, these had grown into the /4 systems with 16, 32 and later 48 KB of memory. These multitasked by using a hardware tick to XOR the base address of where the native ("CADOL" a basic like-) interpreter took instructions from. These also used 8085 processors. The memory switching trick was done with proprietary hardware. The "/4" system had four serial ports, therefore four terminals, therefore four users. They could also be connected to modems instead and spoke various protocols such as X.25.
The /8 was two /4s sharing a common (hard) disk drive. It was effectively an eight-user system built out of two 8085s.
Around the time of the /8, development the CADO CAT computer came into being. It looked like a fruit-coloured iMac, but it was 20 years earlier. It had an integrated CRT and disk drives, which by that time (1981) had been shrunk to 5 inches wide and could fit inside the CRT enclosure. Earlier CADO computers used external hard drives, all of which were quite large.
The CAT product line consisted of:
The CAT III was a three-user system. The primary user sat at the CAT III system console, which contained the CPU, floppy drive, and hard disk. Other users connected to the system by way of serial terminals. By the end of the CAT series, over 25,000 systems and 200,000 terminals were manufactured. If the CAT had had a bit-mapped display, it would have seemed like the first Apple Macintosh without the Xerox GUI.
The terminals were proprietary also: they were similar to standard VT terminals, but with custom firmware programming to support input commands (protected fields).
All CADO systems up to that point had the system and CADOL interpreter reside in EPROM, so as soon as power was applied it read track 0 sector 0 of the diskette and began executing CADOL code. The IL codes for the interpreter written by Jim Ferguson looked similar to Tannenbaum's optimized IL codes from his empirical study. The language was extended by Richard Sexton, who added Pascal/C like syntax and 65 KB instead of 256 byte program overlay sizes. Previous to that, CADOL worked in programs no longer than 256 bytes of IL code long and when the programmers had code that hit about the 200-byte mark they would have to issue a LOAD statement to load the next 256 bytes of CADOL IL codes. At some point when a fair number of applications had been written, the loading of overlays was made transparent by Sexton's modifications to the interpreter up to an apparent program of 65 KB. Dan Lanham rewrote the compiler. This was all done in Intel 8085 assembly.
After the /8, the technical staff wanted to gang more of these machines together, but the marketing department demanded 16-bit systems. The Motorola 68000 was the preferred choice of software people, but Bob Thorne, VP of hardware, delivered the bad news: Motorola only had a great CPU while Intel had a CPU and chipset family of CTCs, interrupt controllers, serial ports, DMA controllers and x86 became the rule much to the shock and horror of the software staff, who thought Thorne should just build all those bits he didn't have. But Bob was instead working on two disk controllers as these were not off the shelf chips quite yet. One design, not used was based on 8x300 bipolar parts but it never saw the light of day.
The 16-bit 8086 tiger systems began development in Intel development systems as there were no working commercial 8086-based computers at the time.
The Tiger was radically different. All previous CADO computers had been single-board systems that would probably be familiar to anybody who has ever seen a modern motherboard; the parts were just bigger, and there were fewer of them.
But the Tiger looked more like a DEC computer - it had a (Multibus) backplane
that would hold up to 10 plug-in cards into this mainframe, and was one of if not the first multi-microprocessor based mainframe systems.
There were three plug-in cards: the "terminal" card had an 8086 chip and 16 serial ports, the "cpu" card had the (8086) cpu that ran CADOL III and an optional disk processor used an 8089. One had to have one cpu card, one terminal card although you could have many of these in increments of 16 serial ports, later also in increments of 8 ports.
With the 8086 came the net and around 1984 or 1986 CADO connected to the UUCP-based Usenet news and mail networks and finally had a UNIX system, requisitioned to run mail and news which engineering considered vital while the rest of the company had no idea what it was.
Before the first Tiger was sold though, George Ryan, the founder of the company, left and the IBM PC came out. And this was in many ways the end of CADO. At one time one of the fastest growing companies in California, CADO was then sold to/merged with Contel.
In 1983, Contel introduced the Tiger ATS line of computers. These consisted of:
The numbers designated how many users could connect to the machine at once. The chassis size ranged from a little larger than a breadbox (Tiger 8) to the size of a small household refrigerator (Tiger 64). The Tiger 32 and Tiger 64 models used multiple 8086 and 8089 processors to manage user requests.
In 1989, VERSYSS introduced the VERSYSS/Solution 1 line of computers. These differed dramatically from earlier systems. Instead of a completely proprietary hardware solution and operating systems, these were based on commodity components. The operating system was a variant of AT&T's SYSVR3. To provide backward-compatibility with older applications, the older MMOS was run on proprietary boards connected to the system bus. Thus, users were completely unaware that they were using a Unix system.
In 1993, VERSYSS partnered with IBM to port their MMOS to the RS/6000 line of systems. At that point, almost all proprietary hardware requirements were dropped except the terminal firmware.
Other Products.
In 1985 Contel produced the CADOS emulator to run CADO software on standard IBM PC hardware.
See also.
CADO Systems Technical Information

</doc>
<doc id="18891296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891296" title="Ellen Lowell">
Ellen Lowell

Ellen Lowell (previously Cole and Stewart) is a fictional character from the American daytime soap opera "As the World Turns". She was portrayed by Wendy Drew from the series first episode on April 2, 1956 until September 1960 and by Patricia Bruder from December 1960 until November 1998.
Casting.
Wendy Drew initially played Ellen from 1956 until 1960, when Patricia Bruder took over the role. When Drew requested to be released from her contract as she was getting married, the fictional Ellen was sent away on a cruise, and returned played by Bruder. Bruder appeared in "As the World Turns" for 35 years. Alongside Eileen Fulton and Don Hastings, who played Lisa Grimaldi and Bob Hughes respectively, Bruder was one of the serial's longest serving cast members. In 1990, a party was organised to honor the longevity of these and other cast members, and viewers were invited to attend to the event. In 1995, Bruder was "let go" from the serial. In 1998, Bruder returned to the serial to play Ellen once again.
Development.
"As The World Turns" initially focused on two families: the Hugheses and the Lowells. Ellen's father, Jim Lowell (Les Damon), was one of the soap's original protagonists. An early plot featured an affair between Jim and Edith Hughes (Ruth Warrick). Creator Irna Phillips had intended to contravene the typical format of soap opera storylines by allowing the affair to lead to a happy marriage, however ultimately killed Jim off instead. This resulted in younger members of the Lowell and Hughes families, including Ellen, being brought to the forefront of storylines. Ellen had been horrified by her father's affair, and as Marilyn J. Matelski writes in "The Soap Opera Evolution", this, alongside her doubt as to whether her parents truly loved her, set Ellen on a "somewhat reckless ... seeking love and security from any source". In 1958, Ellen became pregnant by Dr. Tim Cole (William Redfield) and subsequently gave their son up for adoption. According to "The Daytime Serials of Television, 1946–1960", she was the first major character in any serial to have an illegitimate child. Lynda Hirsch of the "Youngstown Vindicator" summarised Ellen's following storylines:
The Stewarts became a prominent family in the serial in the 1960s, and members of the Lowell family were written out in their favor. David and Ellen had two daughters together, Carol Ann and Dawn; the roles of their family unit increased during this period. Over the course of the decade, Ellen's son Dan Stewart was rapidly aged. When Bruder joined the serial in 1960, both she and Ellen were in their early twenties. By 1966, Dan was also in his twenties—his portrayer John Colenback was only a year younger than Bruder. Bruder's costume and in-character appearance were altered to complement Ellen's aging. Copious amounts of grey powder were used, and she began dressing in old fashioned outfits and wearing her hair in a French twist. In 1979, Jon Reed of the "Star-Banner" described Ellen as "matronly", and reported that Bruder wore little make-up, and applied white powder to her hair. For a brief period in 1980, Bruder tried styling Ellen's hair after her own and wearing it loose. She changed it back, however, after receiving dozens of letters from viewers who felt that the style was inappropriate given the "mother image" which Ellen had gained.
Reception.
In 1988, Mary Anne Cooper of "The Madison Courier" described Ellen as one of the serial's "popular characters". In one storyline Ellen discovers that she has been caring for her long-lost son. Michael Maloney of "The Huffington Post" questioned the chances of someone babysitting an infant and it turning out to be their long-lost child. He noted that the character then went through a series of "trials and tribulations" in her unsucssessful battle to gain custody of Dan. He opined that Ellen and David were "one of Oakdale's more stable duos" and that the "bouffant hairdo" was a trademark of the character's image. In 1982, a columnist for "The Tuscaloosa News" said that "Ellen Stewart has had many problems lately" and that she really needed a friend in the series. They said the serial came up with "the best" when they cast Betsy Palmer as her best friend, Suzanne Becker.

</doc>
<doc id="18891297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891297" title="Turi Pandolfini">
Turi Pandolfini

Turi Pandolfini (1 November 1883 – 6 March 1962) was an Italian stage and film character actor. He appeared in 46 films between 1917 and 1961.
Born in Catania, Sicily as Salvatore Pandolfini, the nephew of the actor Angelo Musco, he started his career at young age in small local companies before joining the company of his famous uncle in which he created a large number of successful macchiette ( (i.e. comical monologues caricaturing stock characters). 
Pandolfini was also very active in films starting from the advent of sound, and reached the peak of his popularity in the fifties.

</doc>
<doc id="18891301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891301" title="John Curry (disambiguation)">
John Curry (disambiguation)

John Curry (1949–1994) was a British figure skater.
John Curry is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18891304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891304" title="Dakota National Forest">
Dakota National Forest

Dakota National Forest was established in North Dakota by the U.S. Forest Service on November 24, 1908 with near Ranger as an experimental forest. On July 30, 1917 it was abolished.

</doc>
<doc id="18891313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891313" title="Kirara">
Kirara

Kirara may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18891320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891320" title="John Currie">
John Currie

John Currie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18891347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891347" title="Datil National Forest">
Datil National Forest

Datil National Forest was a United States National Forest established in western New Mexico by the U.S. Forest Service in 1908. It was merged into another and ceased in 1931.
History.
Datil National Forest was first formed from the part of the also new Gila National Forest (est. 1907) and other public lands. It began in 1908 with . The Magdalena National Forest and other areas were added in 1909. 
The entire Datil National Forest lands were transferred over to the jurisdictions of the Cibola National Forest (primarily) and Gila National Forest in 1931. The name was discontinued.
Present day.
The former Datil Forest area is presently part of the Magdalena Ranger District of the Cibola National Forest. It is located in the Datil Mountains, to the north of the town of Datil, in Catron and Socoro Counties.

</doc>
<doc id="18891386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891386" title="Bob Mountain">
Bob Mountain

Robert Brian Mountain (born 11 September 1956) is an English former professional footballer born in Wombwell, Yorkshire, who played in the Football League for Huddersfield Town in the 1970s. Mountain went on to play non-league football for Frickley Colliery, Mexborough Town, Bridlington Trinity, Grantham Town Town, where he scored 15 goals from 39 games in all competitions, Alfreton Town, where he scored 47 goals from 82 games in all competitions, Matlock Town, with whom he was Northern Premier League leading scorer in the 1982–83 season, and Stafford Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="18891389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891389" title="Civil Forum on the Presidency">
Civil Forum on the Presidency

The Civil Forum on the Presidency was the venue of back-to-back interviews of U.S. presidential candidates John McCain and Barack Obama by pastor Rick Warren on August 16, 2008, at Saddleback Church in Lake Forest, California.
Format of the Forum.
Held inside Saddleback's Worship Center, the event was the first joint appearance of the two Presidential candidates during the campaign. It was broadcast live on national news networks, as well as several evangelical Christian networks such as Trinity Broadcasting Network and Daystar Television Network. Tickets for the sold-out event were distributed to church members by raffle for prices as high as $1,000.
Both campaigns agreed to the format of the debate—two consecutive interviews—and Senator Obama went first, as determined by a coin toss. The coin toss was conducted by Rick Warren's staff on behalf of McCain and Obama, who were not present. Some groups opposed the forum, including the Americans United for Separation of Church and State.
The Issues.
The candidates each exposed their positions on a number of issues, including faith, abortion, evil, wealth, same-sex marriage, and stem-cell research. The two struck common themes, but differed on their views of abortion; Obama said the answer was "above his pay grade" a comment he later regretted and also told Warren the issue "scientifically" and "theologically" is not a black and white one in defining the precise moment when a baby gets human rights. McCain answered, "At the moment of conception." Asked about their greatest moral failures, Obama cited his adolescent drug use while McCain said his was failing his first marriage. Obama and McCain gave different answers on which justices they would have refused to nominate to the United States Supreme Court, McCain saying Ruth Bader Ginsburg, John Paul Stevens, Stephen Breyer and David Souter, and Obama saying Clarence Thomas and Antonin Scalia. The presumptive nominees presented contrasting views on the definition of rich; Warren asked, "At what point...do you move from middle class to rich?" Obama answered that rich Americans make more than $250,000, while McCain answered, "How about $5 million?" When asked an issue on which they had changed their view in the last ten years, Obama said welfare reform and McCain said energy. Both candidates were alleged to have made misleading claims and exaggerations during the forum.
Alleged cheating.
Because the questions posed to the two candidates in their separate appearances would be the same or similar, it was agreed in advance that whichever candidate went second would be sequestered so as not to hear anything asked of his rival. At the beginning of the forum, Warren stated, "Now, Senator Obama is going to go first. We flipped a coin, and we have safely placed Senator McCain in a cone of silence." In fact, however, McCain did not even arrive at the church until nearly half an hour later. Andrea Mitchell, on "Meet the Press", alluded to the possibility that McCain may have been able to hear the questions put to Obama, partly because his answers were immediate and, according to Mitchell, he sounded well prepared. Another act that aroused suspicion was when McCain was asked to define marriage— he gave a straightforward answer, and then asked when he would be asked the importance of Supreme Court Justices, even though the question was not to be asked until later. The McCain campaign stated that McCain did not hear or see any of the broadcast. A spokeswoman for McCain said, "The insinuation from the Obama campaign that John McCain, a former prisoner of war, cheated is outrageous." ABC News has reported that, in subsequent inquiries about the incident, the McCain campaign, while continuing to insist that McCain did not hear or see the broadcast himself, "has so far refused to say no one told the senator about the questions Obama was asked."

</doc>
<doc id="18891399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891399" title="Clash of Eagles">
Clash of Eagles

Clash of Eagles is a 1990 alternate history novel by Leo Rutman.
Plot summary.
December, 1941. Nazi Germany has vanquished the United Kingdom and launch a major invasion across the Atlantic. German forces under Erwin Rommel land in Quebec and sweep down Canada, New England, and the Ohio Valley to New York City and declared the eastern United States an occupied territory. The rest of the United States remains unoccupied but perilously exposed to further attacks, and the Roosevelt Administration evacuates the endangered Washington, D.C. and flees westwards to California. Life in the major cites has become a grim nightmare as the new Nazi regime takes over. But slowly, quietly, a resistance movement has begun to grow. Determined to rout the invaders, brave and angry men and women from longshoremen, laborers, gangsters, actresses, street hoods, socialites, and vagrants will rise up against history's greatest evil. They will fight to the death, some at the cost of their lives to take their country back.
References in other works.
Gavriel David Rosenfeld, a lecturer in (actual) history at the University of California, Los Angeles, cited to "Clash of Eagles" in his novel "The World Hitler Never Made".
See also.
The above page includes an extensive list of other Wikipedia articles regarding works of Nazi Germany/Axis/World War II alternate history.

</doc>
<doc id="18891400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891400" title="Aakhri Goli">
Aakhri Goli

Aakhri Goli is a 1977 Bollywood action film directed by Shibu Mitra. It stars Sunil Dutt and Leena Chandavarkar in pivotal roles.

</doc>
<doc id="18891403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891403" title="Ettore Manni">
Ettore Manni

Ettore Manni (6 May 1927 – 27 July 1979) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 107 films between 1952 and 1979. 
Born in Rome, Manni debuted as an actor in 1952, when in spite of his acting inexperience he was chosen by Luigi Comencini for the main role in "La tratta delle bianche". Following the success of the film Manni interrupted his universitary studies and started appearing in a significant number of films of any genre, becoming in a short time one of the most popular actors in the Italian cinema. Declined the fame, in the sixties Manni appeared mainly in spaghetti western and peplum films, but he also took part to several international productions, including films by Delmer Daves and Tony Richardson. His last role was Katzone in Federico Fellini's "City of Women".
He died in Rome, aged 52, after accidentally shooting himself.

</doc>
<doc id="18891422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891422" title="Prisoner of Zenda, Inc.">
Prisoner of Zenda, Inc.

The Prisoner of Zenda, Inc is a 1996 made for cable movie starring William Shatner and Jonathan Jackson. It was produced for Showtime Networks under their family division, and first aired September 1996. The film was written by Rodman Gregg and Richard Clark.
Inspired by the classic 1937 MGM version of "The Prisoner of Zenda", starring Ronald Colman, "The Prisoner of Zenda, Inc." was a contemporary version loosely based on the original. Zenda was the castle in mythical kingdom of Ruritania in the 1937, whereas Zenda Inc. was the name of a computer business empire in the 1996 version. William Shatner's character of the evil "Uncle Michael", based on Raymond Massey's character Prince Michael in the original, was deftly played with a comedic flair. 
The film continued the theme of mistaken identities which was central to the plot of the 1937 MGM classic. Jackson plays Oliver and his lookalike Rudy (who is named after Prince Rudolf from the original, and in this case is a "Star Trek" fan—a nod to co-star Shatner). The film also starred American character actor Don S. Davis from the popular television series "Stargate SG-1". 
It was released on VHS under the renamed title "Double Play", but reverted to the original title for the DVD release.
External links.
This film has recently earned a distinction in history, albeit rather dubious. The actor's technique called the Shatner Stutter litters any scene involving Mr. Shatner. This makes the movie quite a novelty for any above average fan of William Shatner.

</doc>
<doc id="18891432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891432" title="William Simmons">
William Simmons

William Simmons may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18891433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891433" title="R. Scott Gemmill">
R. Scott Gemmill

R. Scott Gemmill is an American television writer and producer, born in Canada. He worked extensively on "ER" in both capacities. 
Gemmill worked on "JAG" as an executive story editor and writer. He joined the crew in the first season and remained until the fourth season writing a total of 18 episodes. He was nominated for a Humanitas Prize in the 60 minute category for his work on the "JAG" episode "Angels 30." 
He joined the crew of "ER" in its sixth season as a supervising producer and regular writer. Alongside his fellow "ER" producers he was twice nominated for an Emmy Award for best drama series for his work on the sixth and seventh seasons of the show. He worked on the series until the thirteenth season and wrote a total of thirty-two episodes. In 2007 he won a Humanitas Prize in the 60 minute category for his work on the "ER" season 12 episode "There Are No Angels Here." The award was shared with his co-writer David Zabel. The episode followed doctors from County General who traveled overseas to provide aid work in a refugee camp in Darfur. Humanitas stated that the prize was awarded for the episodes "unflinching look at the brutality inherent in civil wars and its belief that heroism is complex, complicated and multi-layered."
He went on to work on the short-lived series "Smith" as a writer and executive producer. After the cancellation of "Smith" he worked as a writer and executive producer on "Women's Murder Club". When that series also proved short-lived he took a position as a consulting producer and writer on "The Unit". After that program ended he became a writer and executive producer on the fall 2009 series "".

</doc>
<doc id="18891449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891449" title="Aakhri Sajda">
Aakhri Sajda

Aakhri Sajda is a 1977 Bollywood film.

</doc>
<doc id="18891458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891458" title="John Stewart in Concert">
John Stewart in Concert

John Stewart In Concert is a 1980 re-mixed re-issue of eight tracks from the John Stewart 1974 live album "The Phoenix Concerts", plus two previously unreleased live tracks from the same concerts.
Remixed at Filmways/Heider Recording, Los Angeles, California.
Track listing.
All compositions by John Stewart
Side one
Side two

</doc>
<doc id="18891459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891459" title="Nimorazole">
Nimorazole

Nimorazole (INN) is a nitroimidazole anti-infective. It is also being investigated for the treatment of head and neck cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="18891461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891461" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Manhattan from 14th to 59th Streets">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Manhattan from 14th to 59th Streets

This is a list of properties and districts in Manhattan from 14th to 59th Streets that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Manhattan from 14th to 59th Streets. For properties and districts in other parts of Manhattan and the other islands of New York County, see National Register of Historic Places listings in New York County, New York. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18891463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891463" title="Ernst Schwarz (politician)">
Ernst Schwarz (politician)

Ernst Schwarz (born 28 January 1886 in Landsberg an der Warthe, Brandenburg; died May 29, 1958 in Twickenham), was a Communist politician.
After attending high school, first in his hometown and then in Berlin, Schawrz attended the University of Grenoble, University of Bonn and Berlin, graduating with a doctorate. During the First World War, he briefly served as a soldier. He became involved with the labour movement in Chemnitz, following the November Revolution. He joined the SPD and was there during the suppression of the Kapp Putsch in 1920. Radicalised by the experience he moved to the USPD, accepting the post of district secretary in Kiel. By the end of the year he was with the KPD.
In early 1921, he was District Secretary for Hesse-Cassel, but went underground following the March Action. He was arrested in Berlin at the end of 1921 and was held prisoner in Kassel for several months. By October 1922, Schwarz was employed as a teacher in Berlin and served as a left-wing member of the party leadership for the district of Berlin-Brandenburg. When Ruth Fischer and Arkadi Maslow formed a left-wing party leadership, he became a full-time party functionary running the party organisation in Thuringia. In May, and again in December 1924, Schwarz was elected Reichstag deputy for the KPD.
In 1925, as the internal struggles of the KPD evolved, Schwarz belonged to the "ultraleft" wing. He started to criticise the Soviet Union as a counter-revolutionary state. While the party was still under Maslow and Fischer he gave up his party duties and, by May 1926, with the rise of Ernst Thälmann to party leadership, he left the KPD completely. Together with Karl Korsch he formed the Entschiedene Linke group. He remained a member of the Reichstag, despite joining the anti-parliamentarian KAPD.
After the loss of the Reichstag seat in 1928, Schwarz returned to teaching. Rather than having any party position, he concentrated on the promotion of German-French understanding. After the Nazi takeover, Schwarz initially fled to France and then to Cuba, Mexico and the U.S.. In 1944, he took U.S. citizenship. Two years before his death he moved back to Germany, where he lived in Bad Godesberg.

</doc>
<doc id="18891471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891471" title="Frankfurt–Mannheim high-speed railway">
Frankfurt–Mannheim high-speed railway

Frankfurt–Mannheim high-speed railway (the official name is Rhine/Main-Rhine/Neckar high-speed line) is a proposed high-speed railway line from Frankfurt am Main to the Mannheim–Stuttgart high-speed railway near Mannheim. Supporting speeds up to 300 km/h, it will run parallel to the A 5, A 6, and A 67. The new high-speed line will relieve the old double-track Riedbahn railway, which is currently at capacity.
The line will connect the Cologne–Frankfurt and Mannheim–Stuttgart high-speed railways. The cost is estimated at about 2 billion euros. Construction is expected to start in 2011 and be completed in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="18891489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891489" title="Gyroporus castaneus">
Gyroporus castaneus

Gyroporus castaneus, or commonly the chestnut bolete, is a small, white-pored relation of the "Boletus" mushrooms. It has a brown cap, and is usually found with oak trees. It differs from the true boletes in that the spores are a pale straw colour.
Taxonomy.
The species was described initially by the French mycologist Jean Baptiste François Pierre Bulliard (1742–1792). Formerly a member of the Paxillaceae family, research now places this mushroom in Gyroporaceae. "Gyroporus" means 'having round pores', and "castaneus" is a reference to the chestnut colouration.
Description.
The cap is from 3 to 10 cm in diameter, and pale to rusty brown in colour, which becomes darker with age. The stem is a similar colour, although it may be lighter at the apex. If the stem is cut vertically, it is usual to find several cavities of differing sizes inside. Both the cap and the stem have a tendency to crack or split in dry periods, or with age. The pores are small and white; they become dirtier with age, and are not attached to the stem. They darken slightly when pressed. The tubes are also whitish, and the spore print is pale yellow to straw. The flesh is firm, and does not change colour on cutting. The photograph on the right shows the chunkier form; a slender form also occurs.
Distribution and habitat.
The mushroom is found occasionally in Britain and throughout continental Europe, as well as eastern North America, but it is rare in western North America. It grows in small groups, or singly, in an ectomycorrhizal relationship with oaks ("Quercus"). It prefers acid and sandy soils, and fruits from summer to autumn.
"Gyroporus castaneus" has been included in the Moscow Oblast's and the Russian Federation's Red Book and several other countries' Red Lists, including those of Norway and Montenegro.
Edibility.
"Gyroporus castaneus" is edible, and highly regarded by most authors; it is said to taste pleasantly nutty when young. However, Marcel Bon, in his 1987 book "The Mushrooms and Toadstools of Britain and North Western Europe", records it as suspect, so it may be worth applying caution, by eating a very small amount initially. There is also reportedly a poisonous strain of this mushroom in coastal Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="18891540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891540" title="Clinical biologist">
Clinical biologist

A clinical biologist is a health professional such as, a doctor in medicine, pharmacist, biologist that is specialized in clinical biology, a medical specialty derived from clinical pathology. In fact, the subspecializations in clinical biology could be considered more important than clinical pathology. The concept includes interventional biology which is like assisted reproductive technology.
These professionals follow a medical residency whose duration varies between countries (from 3 to 5 years).
This term is frequently used in France, Belgium and other countries in Western Europe, Africa or Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="18891549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891549" title="Kaoa">
Kaoa

Kaoa (rar : kāoa, literally meaning 'coral potato' in the lagoon) is a term used in three atolls of the Cook Islands for small coral rocky outcrops that are the base for pearl farming. 
The three atolls, with their respective Kaoa areas, are 

</doc>
<doc id="18891571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891571" title="The Argus (Seattle)">
The Argus (Seattle)

The Argus was a longstanding Seattle, Washington weekly newspaper. Founded in February 1894 and published until November 1983, it had a satiric bent and was aligned with the Republican Party. The paper was founded by A. T. Ambrose; six weeks later, Henry Chadwick bought a half interest. Ambrose died in 1900; Chadwick continued to operate the paper until 1934.
In the early 20th century, "The Argus" favored municipal ownership of utilities and public transit. While primarily the voice of the city's professional and business classes, it also supported moderate trade unionism. During the Chadwick era, the paper was "virulently anti-Japanese and anti-Black" and opposed women's suffrage.

</doc>
<doc id="18891587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891587" title="Abhi To Jee Lein">
Abhi To Jee Lein

Abhi To Jee Lein is a 1977 Bollywood film directed and written by Roshan Taneja.

</doc>
<doc id="18891593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891593" title="Mark Funkhouser">
Mark Funkhouser

Mark Funkhouser (; born October 4, 1949) is a former mayor of Kansas City, Missouri, serving one four-year term from May 1, 2007 until May 2, 2011. Prior to serving as the city's mayor, Funkhouser served as Kansas City's city auditor. Currently, he serves as the director of the Governing Institute, a division of eRepublic. and the book, "Honest, Competent Government: The Promise of Performance Auditing."
Early life and education.
Funkhouser grew up in Paden City, West Virginia and graduated from Paden City High School. He earned his B.A. in Political Science from Thiel College, his M.A. in Business Administration from Tennessee State University, M.A. in Social Work from West Virginia University and his Ph.D. from the University of Missouri-Kansas City.
Early career.
Funkhouser was the founding editor of the "Local Government Auditing Quarterly" and served in that capacity for ten years. He's taught at Salem College, Salem, West Virginia, Park University, University of Missouri-Kansas City and University of Kansas. He was the Director of State Audit in Nashville, Tennessee, from 1978-1988, leaving that post to become the Kansas City Auditor in 1988, and relinquishing that post in 2006 to run for mayor.
2007 mayoral race.
Announcing his candidacy for mayor of Kansas City, Missouri in late 2006, Funkhouser was endorsed early by the "Kansas City Star" and emerged as one of two candidates following the February mayoral primary fielding 13 candidates. Funkhouser won the mayoral election on March 27, 2007.
Funkhouser's campaign motto was "A city that works for regular folks." He had campaigned on a promise to pay more attention to neighborhoods and to end corrupt TIF deals with special-interest developers. During his mayoral campaign in 2007, he became known by the citizens of Kansas City by his nickname, "The Funk".
Funkhouser's wife, Gloria Squitiro, ran his campaign. Funkhouser wore an orange tie in reference to the Ukrainian Orange Revolution and as a symbol of his desire for change. From his campaign website: "I've chosen orange as my official campaign color because it is fast becoming a symbol for change in politics – a shift away from back-room deal making and toward an open style of governance that respects and listens to citizens." Funkhouser was also critical of project spending during the Kay Barnes administration. In a KCTV interview he said, "We've been buying stuff," he said. "What we don't know is whether what we bought is what is worth what we paid for it."
Controversies.
Free automobile.
Implementation of Funkhouser's campaign pledges of fiscal conservatism while cleaning up local government received national headlines early in his administration when Funkhouser announced his intention to accept a new leased Honda Civic Hybrid from a Northland auto dealer. The city's law department approved the offer, which would have been reported to the Missouri Ethics Commission. Funkhouser believed that by being transparent about the transaction, he could avoid any appearance of impropriety and save the city $160,000 a year by rejecting the city-owned car, with its attendant driver and police security detail. However, critics questioned the "gift." City Councilman John Sharp said "It sure doesn't pass the smell test...It's nice that the mayor is providing so much free publicity to a foreign auto company." Funkhouser eventually rejected the hybrid, choosing instead to drive his privately owned vehicle himself.
Minutemen controversy.
Funkhouser became embroiled in another controversy when it was discovered his appointed co-commissioner for the Parks and Recreation Board Frances Semler was a member of the Minuteman Civil Defense Corps. Critics insisted that Semler resign the board or the Minutemen. This controversy attracted national attention, prompting two national civil rights organizations (La Raza and the NAACP) to withdraw their conventions from Kansas City in protest of Funkhouser's refusal to ask for Semler's resignation from an organization they call a "hate group." 
Funkhouser's supporters say Funkhouser believes that "diversity" encompasses not only skin color but also opinion, and they point to another commissioner, Ajamu Webster, who founded the local National Black United Front (NBUF), an organization advocating reparations and separatist education for blacks. They note that the Southern Rights Coalition doesn't consider the Minutemen a "hate group." They also claim Semler's personal views on immigration are not germane to her professional service as a parks commissioner.
Gloria Squitiro.
An ongoing controversy during Funkhouser's term as mayor involved his wife's carrying out the normal duties of First Lady, a strictly volunteer position. Revered during the campaign for her honest newsletters, "Notes From the DoubleWide," upon his election, Funkhouser's wife, a small business owner, took a desk near his office within City Hall, and brought that personal glimpse into his office.
Funkhouser had stated that he and his wife were a "political team." He asserts that it was squarely within his authority to have anyone on a volunteer basis, further citing that Squitiro was his advisor during the election.
Critics said her participation in her husband's administration is a clear violation of the Missouri Constitution's "Nepotism Clause" [http://www.moga.mo.gov/const/A07006.HTM]. The City Council passed an ordinance (the only nay vote being Funkhouser's) on the pretense of banning certain types of volunteers from serving at City Hall, but the only one it effectively barred was Squitiro from the premises. In response, Funkhouser began holding meetings in which she was needed in public libraries. Funkhouser filed suit against the city, claiming the "volunteer ordinance" unconstitutional. The court ruled in Funkhouser's favor and the ordinance was repealed 
Personal life.
An avid chess player, Funkhouser celebrated his election night party at the Westport Flea Market, a neighborhood tavern where he regularly met with the Westport Chess Club to play. He is also a professional speaker. He stands at 6-foot 8-inches tall.

</doc>
<doc id="18891604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891604" title="Thad Ackel">
Thad Ackel

Thad Ackel (born May 24, 1955) is a retired American thoroughbred horse trainer. He was a California-based trainer and part-owner of Great Communicator, winner of the 1988 Breeders' Cup Turf and Hollywood Turf Cup Stakes as well as the 1989 Hollywood Turf Handicap.
Ackel retired from training after his father, George Ackel, died in 1992. He returned to run his family's commercial real estate business in Louisiana where he then purchased a farm in Covington, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="18891612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891612" title="Adha">
Adha

Adha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18891616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891616" title="Olga Cepero">
Olga Cepero

Olga Lidia Cepero (born 4 February 1975 in Santiago de Cuba) is a retired Cuban triple jumper.
Her personal best jump is 14.43 metres, achieved in February 1998 in Havana.

</doc>
<doc id="18891641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891641" title="Edgard Pisani">
Edgard Pisani

Edgard Pisani (born 9 October 1918) is a French statesman, philosopher, and writer. He was born in Tunis of French parents of Maltese origin. He spent his childhood in Tunisia and later studied in Paris. Pisani holds a "licence de lettres" from La Sorbonne, and a Doctorate in political science .
He held positions in various governments in France: Senator (1954-1961)(1974-1981), Minister of Agriculture (1961-1966), Parliamentarian (1967-1968), European Commissioner (1981-1985), Minister of New Caledonia (1985), President of the Arab World Institute (1988-1995). In 1992, with Bertrand Hervieu, he formed the "Groupe de Seillac" followed in 1995 by the "Groupe de Bruges", both being think tanks specialising in agricultural and rural affairs. Since 1992, he has been a member of the French Economic and Social Council.
In 1993, he was awarded an Honorary Degree (Doctor of Laws) by the University of Bath.

</doc>
<doc id="18891654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891654" title="Martial Mbandjock">
Martial Mbandjock

Martial Mbandjock (born 14 October 1985 in Roubaix) is an a French sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres. His personal best time is 10.06 seconds, achieved in July 2008 in Albi.
He won the bronze medal in the 100 m at the 2007 European Athletics U23 Championships and reached the quarterfinals at the 2007 World Championships later that year. He got to the semifinals at the 2008 World Indoor Championships and the 2008 Olympic Games. He won his first national title at the outdoor French championships, running a personal best of 10.06 seconds in the 100 m, helped by good running conditions with a 1.7 m/s tailwind.
At the 2008 Beijing Olympics he competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed second in his heat behind Richard Thompson in a time of 10.26 seconds. He qualified for the second round in which he improved his time to 10.16 seconds, finishing third behind Thompson and Tyson Gay, reaching the semi finals. There he was unable to achieve his final spot as he finished in 8th place in 10.18 seconds. Together with Yannick Lesourd, Manuel Reynaert and Samuel Coco-Viloin he also competed at the 4x100 metres relay. In their qualification heat they finished sixth in a time of 39.53 seconds, which meant elimination.
In the 2009 season, Mbandjock began with modest times between 10.20 and 10.30 seconds. He improved to 10.11 at a meeting in Nancy, France in June, achieving the A standard qualifying time for the 2009 World Championships in Berlin later that year. Despite finishing out of the medals in fourth in the 100 m, he set a personal best of 20.67 seconds in the 200 m to take bronze at the 2009 European Team Championships. He won his first major gold shortly after with a win in the 100 m at the 2009 Mediterranean Games.
He competed in three events at the 2009 World Championships: he finished sixth in the 100 metres semi-finals, the second best performance by a European after finalist Dwain Chambers. Next came the 200 metres competition, where he recorded a personal best of 20.43 seconds in his semi-final for fifth place. He was eliminated at that stage, although he ran faster than compatriot David Alerte who did reach the final via the other semi-final. His final competition of the championships was with France in the 4 x 100 metres relay. The team reached the final and placed in eighth.
At the 2010 European Athletics Championships, Mbandjock had a significant breakthrough, winning bronze medals in both the 100 m and 200 m, as well as a gold in the relay – although his achievements were somewhat overshadowed by his compatriot Christophe Lemaitre, who won all three races.

</doc>
<doc id="18891660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891660" title="Tom Brittleton">
Tom Brittleton

John Thomas "Tom" Brittleton (23 April 1882 – 22 February 1955) was a professional footballer. He was one of the pioneers of the long throw-in. With a career spanning over 30 years, including 24 seasons in the Football League, he is the oldest person to play for Sheffield Wednesday in a competitive game.
Early years.
Brittleton was born in Winsford, Cheshire on St George's Day 1882. He started his football career by playing for Winsford Juniors at the age of 10. Whilst at his next junior club, Winsford Celtic, he played in every position including goalkeeper.
After leaving school at the age of 14, Brittleton signed for the town's senior side, Winsford United. He went on to play many County League games and earned several winners medals in the Cheshire Amateur Cup, appearing in three district finals in one season.
Whilst at United, a Stockport County fan, who was visiting his girlfriend in Winsford, watched Brittleton play a match and informed the Stockport management of his skills. Shortly afterwards he signed amateur forms with County at the age of nineteen. He continued his job at the Winsford Salt Works, and even, on one occasion, missed a Stockport game that he was due to play in so that he could instead play for Winsford in a Cheshire Amateur Cup game. Despite his apparent lack of commitment to County he eventually signed professional forms with the club and hence started his Football League career.
Professional career.
Stockport County.
Brittleton began his league career with Stockport County in 1902 as an inside forward. He went on to score ten goals in forty-five appearances for the Lancashire club, and after County had played a game at Ashton in December 1904, the referee sent a report to Sheffield Wednesday recommending the player. Wednesday immediately sent a £200 bid to Stockport which was rejected. Undeterred, "the Owls" improved their offer to a club record fee of £300, and Brittleton signed for the Yorkshire club on 6 January 1905.
Sheffield Wednesday.
Brittleton made his debut for Wednesday on 14 January 1905, playing in the inside right position in place of Harry Chapman. During his early time at The Owlerton Stadium, Brittleton played in most of the outfield positions before becoming established as a wing-half and a long-term replacement for Harry Ruddlesdin.
Brittleton played in all of Sheffield Wednesday's matches in the 1906–07 FA Cup, culminating in the club's 2–1 victory against Everton in the final at Crystal Palace.
In 1911, Brittleton was invited to represent the Football Association for a summer tour of South Africa. However, the player, once described as "the biggest home bird you could ever meet", declined, preferring instead to spend the off-season fishing.
Brittleton made his international debut on 10 February 1912 at the age of 29 in a match against Ireland which England won 6–1. He won four more international caps, and did not lose a game that he played for his country.
In 1919, Wednesday allowed Brittleton to move back to Winsford, although he continued to play for the club. He went on to make a total of 373 appearances for "the Owls" in all competitions, scoring 33 goals in the process. His last match for Sheffield Wednesday was against Oldham Athletic on 1 May 1920; aged 38 years and 8 days, Brittleton became the oldest man to play for "the Owls". After more than 15 years with the club he was rewarded with a free transfer.
Stoke.
After looking set to re-join non-league Winsford United, Brittleton moved to Second Division Stoke. Brittleton family folklore has it that he actually signed for Winsford before moving almost immediately to Stoke and that the Cheshire club received a small transfer as part of the deal, however no records have been found to back up the claim. He joined Stoke at the age of 41 and many questioned as to Brittleton could still play a part in professional football. However despite his advancing years he still commanded respect and was indeed able to play as through he was in his twenties. Due to his experience he was appointed player-coach at Stoke working alongside Arthur Shallcross. He helped Stoke gain promotion to the First Division in 1921–22 but Stoke struggled the following season and Shalcross was sacked. Jock Rutherford took over but soon left and Brittleton was given the opportunity to become manager but he rejected. Instead he carried on playing in the 1924–25 season playing in eight matches at the age of 45 a record not to be surpassed until Stanley Matthews.
Return to Winsford.
After retiring from League football Brittleton returned to his hometown to take up the position of player-manager at Winsford United whilst also working for ICI. When he finally stopped playing, he became the landlord of the town's "Navigation Inn".
Family.
His younger brother, Sam (b. 1885), was also a professional footballer with Stockport County, Preston North End and Southampton.
His son, John (1906–1982), played for Aston Villa for three seasons in the 1920s.

</doc>
<doc id="18891667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891667" title="Mame Faye">
Mame Faye

Mame Faye (August 15, 1866 – May 5, 1943) (sometimes spelled Mame Fay, Mayme Fay, Maime Fay, etc.) was a madam from Troy, New York. She ran a brothel at 1725 6th Avenue from approximately 1906 to 1941.
Mame Faye was born Mary Alice Fahey, the daughter of Irish immigrants Thomas Fahey and Margaret McNamara Fahey.
Little is known about Mary Fahey's life before 1904, when a prostitute named "Mame Fay" was arrested in a sweep of Troy's houses of ill repute. Unfazed, Mary purchased a row house just two years later (1906) and opened her own bordello on 6th Avenue, three buildings north of the police station.
Mary married a man named Bonter in 1897, but Mrs. Mary Bonter reported herself "single" or "widowed" on censuses from then on. These same censuses (1910-1930) also list up to six female boarders between the ages of 19 and 36 living in Mary's house, whose occupations were listed variously as "domestic" or "unemployed." The census also lists a "radio set" on the premises.
As a city, Troy developed a reputation for this kind of work, largely built on serving the New England market, where houses could not operate as freely. (Another well-known house was the Old Daley Inn, now the "Olde 499 House" restaurant.) Access to Canadian liquor also supported the business, especially through Prohibition.
Mame's nearly 40-year career as madam coincided with a major shift in American attitudes toward prostitution. What earlier Victorian mores had deemed a necessary evil became known as "the social evil." An effective public campaign was waged to prove that prostitution was the cause of all other social ills, particularly venereal disease epidemics among soldiers. Wildly overblown reports of "white slavery," in which young (mostly white) women were kidnapped by (mostly Asian) men and forced into prostitution, swept the nation. This was one of the major American culture wars of the 20th century.
The passage of the Mann Act forced the hand of local governments who had allowed this illegal practice to flourish for decades.
Mame had a lot of money and a good lawyer. Still, after decades of legal skirmishes, her house was closed for good in 1941. District Attorney Earl Wiley made a name for himself by clearing the social evil from the notoriously corrupt Troy.
Mrs. Mary Bonter died two years later at the age of 77, leaving an estate valued at $282,690.76 (about $3.5 million today) to her nephew Thomas.
She was buried in St. Joseph's Cemetery in the Fahey family plot. Although she set aside $2,500 to pay for a monument, none was erected until 2006.
The 6th Avenue row house was torn down in 1952.
In 2008, a documentary film was made about Mame Faye.
References.
"Mame Faye and Other Myths From the Golden Age of Prostitution (Penny Lane, On The Issues magazine August 15 2008)
"A Legend Remade" (Danielle Furfaro Albany Times Union 06/13/08
"Mame Fay & Troy's Red Light District on Rensselaer Railroad Heritage Website

</doc>
<doc id="18891679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891679" title="Annals of the Faculty of Law in Belgrade">
Annals of the Faculty of Law in Belgrade

The Annals of the Faculty of Law in Belgrade () is a peer-reviewed law review published by the University of Belgrade Faculty of Law. The editor-in-chief is Sima Avramović. The journal solicits articles, contributions, case and legislation comments, debates, and book reviews on all aspects of law and social sciences. The journal is accessible on electronic databases such as HeinOnline. The journal was established in 1906 as the "Archive of Legal and Social Sciences". In 2006, a yearly issue in English, subtitled "Belgrade Law Review" and co-edited by Alan Watson, was launched. The Serbian edition has been published continuously in Serbian with abstracts in foreign languages.
Former editors-in-chief include Mihajlo Konstantinović, Milan Bartoš, Vojislav Bakić, Vojislav Simović, Obren Stanković, Dejan Popović, Miodrag Orlić, and Danilo Basta.

</doc>
<doc id="18891685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891685" title="Bachar Kouatly">
Bachar Kouatly

Bachar Kouatly (born 3 March 1958, Damascus) is a Syrian–French chess master, journalist and activist. 
He played thrice for Lebanon in World Junior Chess Championship (1975–1977), and represented Lebanon in Chess Olympiad at La Valleta 1980. He won at Qatar 1981 (zonal) and took 14th at Toluca 1982 (interzonal). 
Kouatly won French Chess Championship in 1979. He played for France in five Chess Olympiads (1982, 1984, 1986, 1988, and 1992).
He was awarded the International Master title in 1975, and the Grandmaster title in 1989.
On the January 2009 FIDE list, he has an Elo rating of 2453.
Bachar Kouatly is an editor of "Europe Echecs", a French–language chess magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="18891690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18891690" title="Simon Dawkins">
Simon Dawkins

Simon Jonathan Dawkins (born 1 December 1987) is an English professional footballer currently playing for Derby County.
Dawkins has expressed his desire to play for Jamaica at international level.
Career.
Dawkins joined the Tottenham Hotspur academy in 2004 and featured regularly in the reserves but was unable to break through into the first team. He joined Leyton Orient on loan before the start of the 2008–09 season.
His first team debut was delayed after picking up an ankle injury in a friendly match, coincidentally, against parent club Tottenham. He made his first league appearance on 16 August 2008, coming on as a substitute against Peterborough United, and made his cup debut in the Football League Trophy on 2 September where they beat Southend United 4–2. His loan period ended on 3 January 2009.
On 1 June 2009 Dawkins was released from his Tottenham Hotspur contract. He subsequently had a trial with French club RC Strasbourg, but he later returned to Tottenham on a non-contract basis while recovering from injury. A contract was dependent upon his proven fitness at start of the 2010–11 season.
In August 2010 Dawkins went on trial with Celtic, and subsequently had a trial with Bournemouth in early September 2010 due to a lack of fit strikers. On 14 September he was injured in a Bournemouth reserve game against Plymouth Argyle. He continued to train with Tottenham, scoring in a training friendly against Milton Keynes Dons on 8 December.
On 14 March 2011 Dawkins was rewarded with a contract by Tottenham Hotspur after impressing back at the club on trial. His contract will run to June 2013. He was then loaned to the San Jose Earthquakes the following day. He made his debut for the Earthquakes on 19 March in their first game of the 2011 MLS season, a 1–0 loss to Real Salt Lake. Then scored his first goal for his new club on 2 April in a 2–2 tie with Seattle Sounders. In January 2012 he was on trial at Dutch side FC Twente but was not offered a contract.
On the final day of the January 2013 transfer window Dawkins signed on loan with Premier League club Aston Villa for the remainder of the 2012–13 season. On 10 February 2013, at the age of 25, he made his Premier League debut in a match against West Ham, which Villa won 2–1.
On 14 October 2013, Dawkins joined Championship side Derby County on a week long trial. After impressing in training during his trial, it was announced on 18 October 2013 that Dawkins would be extending his stay with the Rams by agreeing to a 93 day emergency loan. Dawkins made his first appearance for Derby on 19 October 2013, coming on as a replacement for Mason Bennett at the beginning of the second half. After a series of impressive performances for Derby, Head Coach Steve McClaren expressed his interest in signing Dawkins permanently in the January transfer window. A deal was reached with Tottenham and they agreed a £500,000 fee on the 3rd of January 2014, with Dawkins agreeing to a 2 and a half year deal. He is Steve McClaren's first permanent signing at Derby.

</doc>
