<doc id="18927333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927333" title="Crittenden Bridge">
Crittenden Bridge

The Crittenden Bridge, also known as the Chuckatuck Creek Bridge, is officially named The Sydney Hazelwood III Bridge after a prominent member of the Crittenden community. This bridge is part of U.S. Route 17 and connects Suffolk, Virginia with Isle of Wight County.
History.
The current bridge, opened in December 1988, replaced an earlier one built in 1928 by the James River Bridge Corporation as part of a three bridge system which included the original James River Bridge and the Nansemond River Bridge, each of which have also been replaced with newer structures.

</doc>
<doc id="18927342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927342" title="Dan McCarthy (ice hockey)">
Dan McCarthy (ice hockey)

Daniel Patrick McCarthy (born April 7, 1958 in St. Marys, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey player.
McCarthy is the founder and president of the Do It Right Foundation and is the general manager of the Connecticut Wolves Junior hockey team. He stepped down as head coach early in 2000-01 after leading the team to two MJHL semifinal appearances in the team's first two years of operation. McCarthy returned to the bench during 2007-08 season as head coach of the Hartford Jr. Wolfpack of the AJHL. McCarthy is currently the head coach of the Jr. Wolfpack of the MJHL.

</doc>
<doc id="18927355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927355" title="West Vinemount Falls">
West Vinemount Falls

Vinemount West Falls is a 9 metre high talus ribbon cascade waterfall found on CN property near the unincorporated settlement of Vinemount in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Vinemount Conservation Area, Dofasco 2000 Trail, Battlefield House Museum, Devil's Punch Bowl, Devil's Punch Bowl Conservation Area, Erland Lee House.
Directions.
Inaccessible without permission from the owner. Half a kilometre east of "Jones Road" in Stoney Creek.
External links.
Maps.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18927391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927391" title="Muhammed Taqi (footballer)">
Muhammed Taqi (footballer)

Mohammed Ahmed Taqi Al-Lawati commonly known as Mohammed Taqi (; born 12 September 1985) is an Omani footballer who last played for Muscat.

</doc>
<doc id="18927400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927400" title="Bolbe (genus)">
Bolbe (genus)

Bolbe is a genus of praying mantises, sometimes called by the common name Ground Mantis, that is found in Australia. It includes the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="18927401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927401" title="1956–57 MJHL season">
1956–57 MJHL season

League Notes.
The League admits the Winnipeg Rangers.<br>
Ray Brunel (St. Boniface) set a league record for most points (105) in a single season.
Playoffs.
Semi-Final
Turnbull Cup Championship
Western Memorial Cup Semi-Final

</doc>
<doc id="18927416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927416" title="Nevlingen Peak">
Nevlingen Peak

Nevlingen Peak ()
A prominent isolated peak, 2,100 m, standing 13 mi SE of Doggers Nunataks in Enderby Land. It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition of 1936–37 and was named Nevlingen.

</doc>
<doc id="18927428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927428" title="CCGS Bradbury">
CCGS Bradbury

The CCGS Bradbury (and previously CGS "Bradbury") is a retired ship for the federal Department of Transport's Marine Services (as predecessor of today's Canadian Coast Guard), built in 1915.
Prefabricated in Sorel, Quebec, the "Bradbury" was assembled on the bank of the Selkirk slough in 1915. During her career she served the Federal Government as fishing patrol vessel, a lighthouse tender and an icebreaker until she was forced to retire in 1973.
History records numerous accounts of her valor and distinction. Among them is the 1917 journey through half a foot of ice, taking doctors and medicine to a northern settlement struck by a flu epidemic.
The "Bradbury" was recommissioned after being idle (operating a commercial vessel) from 1935 to 1952. She was outfitted with new diesel engines and continued her previous duties as well as becoming a dredge tender, and transportation vessel for Government officials visiting Lake Winnipeg.
The "Bradbury" is on static display at the Marine Museum of Manitoba.

</doc>
<doc id="18927446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927446" title="Mount Kirkby">
Mount Kirkby

Mount Kirkby is a very large, prominent, linear, flat-topped mountain on the northern face of the Porthos Range in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica. Situated about east of Crohn Massif, it is approximately long east-west and wide at the western end, tapering to the east. It rises to ( above the plateau). The mountain was first visited by the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions southern party led by William G. Bewsher in December 1956, and was named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia for Sydney L. Kirkby, a surveyor at Mawson Station in 1956 and 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18927451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927451" title="Ibrahim Al Mukhaini">
Ibrahim Al Mukhaini

Ibrahim Sabir Marzouq Al-Mukhaini commonly known as Ibrahim Al-Mukhaini (; born 16 April 1987) is an Omani who plays for Sur. He made his first appearance for Oman on 26 March 2008 in a 2008 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="18927464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927464" title="Mount Fukushima">
Mount Fukushima

Mount Fukushima is, at , the highest massif in the Queen Fabiola Mountains of Antarctica, standing just north of Yamato Glacier. The rock massif rises above the local ice surface and has many ragged peaks. It was discovered in 1960 by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition, under Guido Derom, and was named by Derom after Shin Fukushima, a geophysicist of the Japanese expedition, lost in a violent blizzard near the Japanese station on East Ongul Island in October 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18927470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927470" title="Vinemount East Falls">
Vinemount East Falls

Vinemount East Falls is a 4 metre high horsetail ribbon cascade waterfall found on CN property near the unincorporated settlement of Vinemount in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Vinemount Conservation Area, Dofasco 2000 Trail, Battlefield House Museum, Devil's Punch Bowl, Devil's Punch Bowl Conservation Area, Erland Lee House.
Directions.
Inaccessible without permission from the owner. One kilometre east of "Jones Road" in Stoney Creek and one quarter of a kilometre east of West Vinemount Falls.
External links.
Maps.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18927471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927471" title="Roy Martin (sprinter)">
Roy Martin (sprinter)

Roy Martin (born December 25, 1966) is a former American sprinter. He competed in the 1984 and 1988 Olympic Games. He set the national high school record for the 200 meters with a time of 20.13 seconds in 1985, while attending Roosevelt High School in Dallas. , his record still stands.
Martin later attended Southern Methodist University. He set his personal best in the 200 meters on July 20, 1988, recording a time of 20.05 seconds in Indianapolis, Indiana. He participated in the 200 metres at the 1988 Summer Olympics, but only finished sixth in the seminfinals.
When he retired from sprinting he became the head track coach at Florence Middle School in Texas. He was arrested on a drug offense after a mishandled attempt to stop drug use by pupils at the school.

</doc>
<doc id="18927493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927493" title="Poison Heart">
Poison Heart

"Poison Heart" is the 1992 single by the Ramones written by ex-bassist Dee Dee Ramone. It has a different pace to normal Ramones works. It was given to the band in exchange for bailing Dee Dee out of jail. The song was also included in the film "Pet Sematary 2" (1992). The song's video was directed by Samuel Bayer.
The song was also covered by Dee Dee Ramone's friend and former The Dead Boys vocalist Stiv Bators and was released posthumously on the 1996 "Last Race" album.
Finnish rock band HIM recorded and released a cover of the song as a b-side to their hit single "Wings of a Butterfly", in 2005.
Tracklisting.
UK CHS 3917 - 7"
UK 12CHSS 3917 - 12"

</doc>
<doc id="18927524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927524" title="Mohammed Al Balushi">
Mohammed Al Balushi

Mohammed Abdullah Mubarak Al-Balushi commonly known as Mohammed Al-Sheiba (; born 27 August 1989) is an Omani footballer who plays for Al Nahda.
Career.
Mohammed Al-Balushi is the first Omani player to play professionally in Africa when he was loaned in 2008 to Alahly (Tripoli) of Libya. He then moved to Al Arabi Qatar where he played for a full season and displayed a great performance with the club and with the Oman national football team. His solid defensive abilities plus the gift to score goals made him a target to a number of international clubs such as AJ Auxerre and some regional giants such as Al-Shabab (Saudi Arabia).
But on 22 July 2009, Al Wasl FC of the UAE won the race and signed the gifted Omani footballer for a season long loan. Before the end of the season, "Al Shaiba" proved his worth, and accepted a four year contract from Al Wasl FC. On 29 December 2013, Sheiba signed for his first club Al Nahda for a period of 6 months.

</doc>
<doc id="18927544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927544" title="Dewan Bader">
Dewan Bader

Dewan Bader (born April 8, 1971 in Washington, D.C.) is a retired U.S. soccer defender who is currently the head coach of Cary RailHawks U23's of the fourth division Premier Development League, and the assistant coach of Carolina RailHawks FC of the North American Soccer League. He had an extensive indoor and outdoor career, winning three indoor and one outdoor championships.
Youth.
Bader grew up in Rockville, Maryland, where he began high school at Woodward High School. When it closed after his sophomore season, he moved to Walter Johnson High School where he was an All State and Parade Magazine High School All American his senior season. When it came time to select a college, he decided on North Carolina State University. He played for the Wolfpack from 1989 to 1992.
Professional.
In 1993, Bader turned professional with the expansion Raleigh Flyers of the USISL. He spent two seasons with the Flyers, then began alternating between indoor and outdoor soccer when he signed with the Cleveland Crunch of the National Professional Soccer League in the fall of 1994. He played the 1994-1995 and 1995-1996 indoor seasons with the Crunch. In 1996, Bader and his team mates with the Crunch won the NPSL championship. In the summer of 1995, Bader moved outdoors with the Richmond Kickers where he won the double as the Kickers took the league and 1995 U.S. Open Cup titles. In the summer of 1996, he played for the expansion Wilmington Hammerheads of the USISL. In February 1995, Bader had signed a two year contract extension with the Crunch. However, on September 20, 1996, the Crunch sent Bader to the Harrisburg Heat for a first-round draft pick and future considerations. He spent the next three indoor season with the Heat before returning to the outdoor game in 1999 with the Lehigh Valley Steam in the USL A-League. On October 8, 1999, the Harrisburg Heat traded Bader to the Detroit Rockers for future considerations. In 2000, he played the summer season with the Connecticut Wolves of the USL A-League. He then moved to the Buffalo Blizzard for the 2000-2001 season before moving to the Baltimore Blast in 2001. The Blast won the 2003 Major Indoor Soccer League championship. On July 23, 2003, the St. Louis Steamers selected Bader in the 2003 MISL Expansion Draft. A month later, the Steamers sent Bader back to the Blast as part of a three team transaction. Bader then finished his career in Baltimore, winning one more championship before retiring in 2004.
International.
In 2000, Bader played for the United States national futsal team.
Coach.
Over his playing career, Bader frequently coached youth soccer as a means of supplementing the income from his playing. At some point, he was an assistant with the Johns Hopkins University soccer team. After retiring in 2004, Bader began coaching full time with the Triangle Futbol Club. On January 25, 2008, Carolina RailHawks named Bader as the head coach of Cary RailHawks U23's. The following season he was head coach for Cary Clarets of the USL Premier Development League.
Bader is currently the Head Coach of the Triangle Futbol Club's 1993 and 1994 Navy Men's teams and, since 2010, assistant coach for Carolina RailHawks..

</doc>
<doc id="18927585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927585" title="HMS Latona (M76)">
HMS Latona (M76)

HMS "Latona" was an "Abdiel"-class minelayer of the Royal Navy. She served briefly during the Second World War, but was sunk less than six months after commissioning.
Construction and commissioning.
"Latona" was ordered on 23 December 1938 and was laid down at the yards of John I. Thornycroft & Company, of Woolston, Hampshire on 4 April 1939. She was launched on 20 August 1940 as a fast minelayer. She was commissioned on 4 May 1941 but never served in her intended primary role, instead being used in the Mediterranean to deliver stores and supplies to the allied armies and garrisons at Tobruk and Cyprus.
Wartime career.
On being commissioned "Latona" sailed to Scapa Flow to embark stores and extra Oerlikon 20 mm cannons for defence against air attacks. Having completed loading, she sailed for the Mediterranean in 16 May, travelling via the Cape of Good Hope and the Red Sea. She arrived at Alexandria on 21 June, joining her sister HMS "Abdiel". The following day they sailed to support military operations in the eastern Mediterranean. "Latona"’s first assignment was to carry RAF personnel to Cyprus to reinforce the garrison there. After successfully carrying this out, she returned to Alexandria on 25 July.
She sailed again in August in company with HMS "Abdiel", HMAS "Hobart", HMAS "Napier" and HMAS "Nizam" to support the garrison at Tobruk. They eventually carried some 6,300 troops to Tobruk and evacuated another 6,100. On 25 October the ships supporting Tobruk came under air attack north of Bardia. The "Latona", carrying 1,000 Polish troops, was hit in the engine room by a bomb from a Junkers Ju 87 of I./StG1. This started a fire which soon raged out of control. The destroyers HMS "Hero" and HMS "Encounter" came alongside to assist and evacuated most of the troops and crew. "Latona" remained afloat for a further two hours, before the after magazine exploded, sinking the ship. Four officers, 16 crew members and 7 soldiers were killed.

</doc>
<doc id="18927591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927591" title="Yaqoob Salem Al Farsi">
Yaqoob Salem Al Farsi

Yaqoob Salem Saleh Al Farsi (; born 18 April 1982) is an Omani footballer who plays for Sur. He earned his first international cap for Oman on 7 May 2001 against Philippines in a 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification match. 

</doc>
<doc id="18927644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927644" title="Eochocán mac Áedo">
Eochocán mac Áedo

Eochocán mac Áedo (died 883) was a Dál Fiatach king of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland. He was the grandson of Eochaid mac Fiachnai (died 810), a previous king of Ulaid. He ruled from 882-883.
His father Áed mac Eochada had died in 839. In 882 he succeeded his brother Ainbíth mac Áedo as leth-rí (half-king or co-ruler) of Ulaid jointly with his other brother, Airemón mac Áedo (died 886). However, the next year in 883, Eochocán was killed by his nephews, the sons of Ainbíth. 
He had married Inderb ingen Máel Dúin of the Cenél nEógain, daughter of Máel Dúin mac Áeda, King of Ailech (died 867). His sons Muiredach mac Eochocáin (died 896) and Áed mac Eochocáin (died 919) were also kings of Ulaid.

</doc>
<doc id="18927655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927655" title="El Chavo del Ocho">
El Chavo del Ocho

El Chavo del Ocho (often shortened to El Chavo) is a Mexican television sitcom that gained enormous popularity in Spanish America as well as in Brazil, Spain, United States and other countries. It centers around the adventures and tribulations of the title character, El Chavo — a poor orphan played by the show's creator, Roberto Gómez Bolaños, and other inhabitants of a fictional housing complex, or, as called in Spanish, "vecindad".
The show traces back to May 1972, where it appeared as a sketch in the "Chespirito" show, produced by "Televisión Independiente de Mexico", broadcast on Mexico's Canal 8, XHTIM-TV (now XEQ-TV, Galavisión). In 1975, El Chavo moved to Televisa (Telesistema mexicano and Televisión Independiente de Mexico merger) and became a weekly half-hour series. The show was cancelled in 1980, but shorts were still produced in "Chespirito" from that year until 1992. At its peak of popularity during the mid-1970s, "El Chavo", having 350 million viewers worldwide, was the most watched show in Mexican television.
The frequent occurrence of Mexican idiomatic expressions makes "El Chavo del Ocho" very hard to translate into other languages, save for Portuguese which is similar to Spanish. Theme music for the series was "The Elephant Never Forgets", a playful version of Beethoven's "Turkish March" in 1967 by electronic music pioneers Perrey and Kingsley.
In Argentina, Brazil, Peru, Chile and other South American countries, as well as in many other countries of the world, the series is still very popular and has developed a large cult following by generation Y. Dubbed in Portuguese, it has been broadcast by Brazilian TV Network SBT since 1984 and, since November 1, 2010, it has also been broadcast by the Brazilian version of Cartoon Network. Since May 2, 2011, the show has been airing in the United States on the Telefutura network which is now known as UniMás. The show has also spawned an animated series titled "El Chavo Animado".
History.
Origins.
By 1971, Roberto Gómez Bolaños was already well known in Mexico for his self-titled sketch comedy show aired on Televisión Independiente de México. He had already introduced El Chapulín Colorado and other characters.
Roberto Gómez Bolaños was the show's main creator and star. He called Florinda Meza to act in the show first; Chespirito and Meza later married. Edgar Vivar was the second actor chosen for the show. Roberto Gómez Bolaños recruited Ramón Valdés because he had known Valdés for years and had seen multiple movies Valdés had made. Then, Rubén Aguirre was cast in the show as the character of "Profesor Jirafales". Aguirre and Roberto Gómez Bolaños had been working on scripts together for years, and Aguirre had already been playing the character of Professor Jirafales on another Chespirito show, Supergenios de la Mesa Cuadrada, which spoofed current events panel discussion. Carlos Villagrán just happened to be a friend of Aguirre who was a newspaper reporter, and he went to a party hosted by Aguirre. Villagrán did a comedy step where he blew his cheeks out of proportion, and Aguirre told Roberto Gómez Bolaños about his friend's hidden talent. Villagrán was promptly hired for the show. María Antonieta de las Nieves was a voice-over only actress who used to go to Televisa to make announcements. Upon hearing her voice, Roberto Gómez Bolaños thought she was perfect for the show (she first refused telling him she was not a comedy actress, but Roberto Gómez Bolaños's retort challenged her: "Then you're not a good actress: there are no dramatic or comic actors — there are only actors."). The last additions to the show were Angelines Fernández, a former telenovela actress and Horacio Gómez Bolaños, Roberto's younger brother who had never considered acting before; he was originally to oversee the show's marketing.
The first "El Chavo" sketch probably was transmitted in May 8, 1972 and featured El Chavo, Chilindrina and Don Ramón. Several "Chavo" sketches produced before the start of the half-hour series were grouped into half-hour segments and are shown before the "official" half-hour episodes in syndication. Many of these were also re-written and re-shot as half-hour long shows later in the show's life.
Broadcast history.
In 1973, Telesistema Mexicano and Televisión Independiente de México (TIM) merged to become Televisa. After the merger, "El Chavo del Ocho" became a weekly half-hour TV series.
The early shows composed of a sketch at the beginning, featuring Dr. Chapatín, El Chómpiras, or one of Roberto Gómez Bolaños' other characters, and two short episodes of the main character. Those episodes were actually sketches filmed in 1972 which probably were supposed to be shown on "Chespirito" which was cancelled. After some of those episodes which introduced the first years of the show, the show began to be comprised by an almost half-hour episode preceded by one sketch starred by the same Roberto Gómez Bolaños characters as the first show structure.
At the end of the first season, María Antonieta de las Nieves left the show because of her pregnancy. During the episodes of the 1973 season, including those probably filmed in 1972, it was noted De Las Nieves generally played the female leads and was the first actor credited after Chespirito. With her absence, Florinda Meza took over the female roles for the non-Chavo del 8 sketches, and El Chavo and Quico became to be a great comic pair.
The 1974 season began with El Chavo and Quico as the comic child characters, including Don Ramón as the charismatic adult character. During that season, the classroom scene began to appear, alongside other child characters like Ñoño (the son of Señor Barriga) and the relaxed Godínez (played by Horacio Gómez Bolaños, brother of Roberto Gómez Bolaños).
De las Nieves was given "distinctive" last billing when she returned in 1975. After Valdés and Villagrán left in 1979, she was moved to top billing after Chespirito again. On the hour-long "Chespirito", De las Nieves was often given third billing behind Chespirito and Florinda Meza if playing another character besides Chilindrina, otherwise she always got the special final credit.
When Carlos Villagrán left the show, it was explained that his character had gone to live with his rich grandmother. "He couldn't stand the riffraff anymore", Doña Florinda explained. Not long after, Ramón Valdés also left the series, Chilindrina explained that her father left the country to look for a job and that he wouldn't return until he was a millionaire. On January 6, 1980, "El Chavo" was cancelled by Televisa.
"Chespirito".
Starting in 1980, "Chespirito' I like chiken and turtles' began to air, featuring El Chavo, El Chapulín Colorado and other characters. The debut of El Chavo in this program was auspicious, with a wealth of new episodes being produced. Moreover, in 1981, Valdés returned to the cast, after starring in some unsuccessful shows alongside Villagrán. However, he left again at the end of the year. The number of new episodes started to decline in the late 1980s and early 1990s, so once again, many early episodes were remade. In addition, as Roberto Gómez Bolaños grew older, he was no longer considered adequate to play the role of a poor 8-year-old kid. As a result, production of "El Chavo" stopped in 1992, three years before the cancellation of the "Chespirito" show.
Animated series.
After several years of successful reruns, Televisa launched simultaneously in all Latin America an animated version of the program made by Ánima Estudios on October 2006. As a background, a 3D computer model was used, though for the characters, 2D drawings were used, created with Flash. A huge program was made to launch it in on a scenario made to imitate the computerized background. Some things about the original program were reminisced and they showed how the animated series was made.
The cartoon also allowed depicting the children to the right scale. Previously, since the children were played by adults in the show, the feel was given to the character through their way of dressing, speaking, and mainly through giving them oversized toys. However, this was not the first attempt to animate it. Previously, during the credits, claymation sequences could be watched.
In this animated series, Chilindrina doesn't appear due to on-going disputes between María Antonieta de las Nieves and Roberto Gómez Bolaños on the rights of "La Chilindrina". De las Nieves feels that she should be entitled to monetary compensation if "La Chilindrina", the character she brought to life in the television series, appears in the animated series. Roberto Gómez Bolaños claims that since he created the character, only he owns the rights to such character. This dispute still hasn't been resolved and so, the character Popis has since taken over the role that once belonged to La Chilindrina in the first session where the chapters were basically animated adaptations of classic Chavo episodes.
The animated series achieved enough fame to have its own videogames, one for the Nintendo Wii and the other a social game that could be played through Facebook called La Vecindad del Chavo .
Relation to Walt Disney movies.
Dozens of soundtracks from numerous Walt Disney movies (Dumbo, Peter Pan, Snow White, Pinocchio to name a few) were known to be used frequently throughout the show's run during their commercial breaks & whenever the program resumed. They would also use them to provide the mood of the episode, but the music's original subject never actually connected with the mood of the episode: A perfect example is when El Chavo felt lonely (this was during the special episode which the entire cast vacationed in Acapulco) the instrumental to Peter Pan's theme song "The Second Star to the Right" cued to display his loneliness even though the latter song subject is lyrically cheerful
Production and setting.
El Chavo is set in "La Vecindad", a typical Mexican townhouse neighborhood, owned by Señor Barriga who constantly comes to collect due rent, especially from Don Ramon. The sitcom explores, in a comic manner, the problems that many homeless children face on a daily basis, such as hunger, sadness and not having someone responsible to watch over them. On one episode, for example, Chavo was sitting on the stair steps of the vecindad at night, dreaming of all the toys he wished that he could have and how he'd play with them. It ended with him returning to the present, sighing wistfully, then pulling out a balero (the only toy he'd ever had on a regular basis) made of a stick, a tin can, and a piece of string. He begins to play with it as the camera slowly fades out. Some episodes also have educational endings, teaching, for example, that it's good to take a shower and to not judge a book by its cover.
El Patio, the central courtyard, is the setting for most of the episodes. Surrounding the patio, are the homes of Jaimito "El Cartero" (from 1982 onwards), Doña Florinda, Doña Cleotilde, and Don Ramon. The hallway on the right leads to another courtyard ("el otro patio"), the other courtyard, which has a fountain in the middle. On the street facade at the left, La tienda de la esquina and a barber shop are shown adjacent to the neighborhood's entry.
El Chavo was filmed in a fictitious neighborhood set at studios 2, 5 and 8 of Televisa San Angel in Mexico City.
In the later seasons, sometimes an unnamed park was shown. Several episodes are set in Professor Jirafales's classroom, where he teaches, all the child characters in the sitcom attend the same classroom. Others are set inside Doña Florinda's restaurant. Three episodes were filmed in Acapulco, which also served as a vacation for the entire cast.
Episodes.
The first season (1972-1973) is made of sketches of approximately 7–8 minutes, with exception of "La Fiesta de la Buena Vecindad" which has 15 minutes of duration. The first episodes of the 1973 season, and the last ones of El Chavo in Chespirito show, have 15–17 minutes of duration (the other minutes are filled by sketches of other characters, mostly of "Los Caquitos"), the later ones have 23–25 minutes. Most of the episodes of the 1974 season have 23–25 minutes of duration, with some exceptions of 17–19 minutes that have sketches preceding, or the episode "Termina el Romance" that has nearly 28 minutes. From 1975 onwards, most of the episodes have 23–25 minutes, after 1974, only three episodes with sketches preceding were made (episodes of 17–19 minutes), all in 1975. Starting in 1976, all episodes have 23 minutes or more of duration.
Humor style.
El Chavo is a farcical sitcom: it relied heavily upon physical comedy, running gags, literal interpretations, double entendres, misinterpretation (and even, sometimes, elements from the comedy of errors) in order to amuse the audience, and the characters and situations were mostly persistent.
Some of the best-known examples of recurring humor are:
Quotes and famous phrases.
"Chespirito" created several words and phrases that nowadays are widely used as part of the Spanish language, at least in Mexico and other countries of Latin America. The animated series version of "El Chavo" has the same humor style and the quotes and famous phrases (shown right here), though the English dub translates the phrases from Spanish to English. Here are the famous quotes and phrases:
In the English dub of the animated series, the catchphrase is "It figures it was you, Chavo!". Some occasions would have Don Ramon say "It's always the same with you, Chavo!". In the Brazilian version was "Tinha que ser o Chaves de novo!" It had to be El Chavo again!.
In the English dub of the animated series, the catchphrase is "I did it on purpose, but I didn't mean to".
In the English dub of the animated series, the catchphrase is "I've come to collect the rent".
In the English dub of the animated series, the catchphrase is "You're just not patient enough with me".
In the English dub of the animated series, the catchphrase is "That's true, that's true, that's true".
In the English dub of the animated series, the phrase is "OK, just don't get angry".
In the English dub of the animated series, the phrase is "It just slipped up".
In the English dub of the animated series, the catchphrase is "I heard that! I heard that! I heard that!". 
In the English dub of the animated series, the catchphrase is "You're lucky I don't give you another one".
In the English dub of the animated series, the catchphrase is "Oh, shut up, shut up, shut up, you're driving me crazy!".
In the English dub of the animated series, the catchphrase is "I don't like you today!".
In the English dub of the animated series, the catchphrase is "I gotta go now".
In the English dub of the animated series, the catchphrase is "I give up" or "Forget it".
In the English dub of the animated series, the catchphrase is "No, no, no, no... NO!".
In the English dub of the animated series, the catchphrase is "Now I'm gonna pop those chubby cheeks to teach you a lesson", "Hold still while I punch those chubby cheeks" and "OK, that's it, now I'm gonna pop your cheeks".
In the English dub of the animated series, the catchphrase is "Come along, Quico/Muffin! Let's get away from this lowlife!". Special occasions would have her saying "Muffin, don't stay out here with this lowlife!".
In the English dub of the animated series, the catchphrase is "Yes, mommy! Lowlife, lowlife!".
In the English dub of the animated series, the catchphrase is "And the next time, (go)... your grandmother!".
In the English dub of the animated series, the catchphrase is "Yeah, Yeah..." or "Okey dokey, okey dokey!".
Reception and legacy.
The show is the most translated Latin-American show in history, after being shown in several countries. It is the most popular sitcom in the history of Mexican television and lasted for 298 episodes and 316 sketches in the Chespirito show in the 1980s (The 1,300 episode count is extremely wrong that counts all the episodes of El Chavo, El Chapulín, Los Caquitos, Los Chifladitos and other series of Chespirito). It has been rerun on several TV stations since the 1970s. "El Chavo del Ocho" is also highly popular in Brazil, where it has been dubbed into Portuguese with the name of "Chaves", broadcast by SBT; and since the beginning of the 1980s it was the biggest audience at many different times according to IBOPE. This popularity may be explained because Mexico and Brazil have social and cultural similarities, Spanish and Portuguese are similar languages. In the United States, the show is still shown on TeleFutura and Galavisión as of 2012. The show in the United States is consistently the No. 1-rated Spanish-language cable program.
The show was so popular in other parts of Latin America and among the Spanish speaking community of the United States that in Peru and Uruguay, other shows involving the main actors of "El Chavo del Ocho" began to be televised, in Argentina. Rubén Aguirre has been able to enjoy some success playing his character at a circus, and in Puerto Rico, Colombia, and Uruguay many of the phrases El Chavo and his friends used have become normal part of everyday dialogue. "Chespirito" has established legal battles with former "El Chavo del Ocho" actors out of a desire to prevent them from using the show's characters in Mexico without his permission. Villagrán moved to Argentina in order to use his character's name on his shows ("Chespirito" is not copyrighted in Argentina). María Antonieta de las Nieves, however, won a court battle against Bolaños for the right to appear in Mexico as la Chilindrina, but in 2012, after years of legal battles with Bolaños, she announced her retirement, complaining that her victories against Bolaños all but ended her career, and that nobody would hire her. Currently, the only cast member not to have been threatened with legal action is Edgar Vivar, who also retired his character following gastric bypass surgery.
There is also a Brazilian fan-made game named ""Street Chaves - O Lutador da Vila"" (in English: ""Street Chavo - The Vecindad Fighter"", in Spanish: ""Street Chavo - El Luchador De La Vecindad""), which parodies various famous fighting games (most notably Capcom and SNK Playmore franchises such as Street Fighter, Art of Fighting and The King of Fighters) using characters from the show (examples: El Chavo parodies Terry Bogard, Don Ramón imitates Robert Garcia, Señor Barriga incarnates Chang Koehan, Professor Jirafales impersonates Sagat, Quico "is" Andy Bogard and so). The game was translated (badly) in Spanish by Carlos Varela. There's also a currently in-building 3D update named ""Chaves Arena"".
The only Spanish-speaking country where "El Chavo" has never been formally transmitted is Cuba.
Denied series finale.
During a visit to Peru in 2008, Roberto Gómez Bolaños told the media that he originally planned to make a proper finale to "El Chavo del Ocho": in this finale, El Chavo would die trampled by a car, trying to save another kid. However, one of Bolaños' daughters, who is a psychologist, convinced her father to drop the idea, since according to her, it could depress many children and even lead them to suicide, or killing themselves on purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="18927658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927658" title="Breizhops">
Breizhops

Breizhops is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida, which existed in what is now Brittany, France. It was described by Morzadec in 1983, and the type species is "Breizhops lanceolatus". 

</doc>
<doc id="18927664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927664" title="Angela Gehann-Dernbach">
Angela Gehann-Dernbach

Angela Gehann-Dernbach (born February 21, 1958, in Bucharest, Romania) is a German conductor, organist and singer based in Darmstadt, Germany.
Gehann-Dehrbach has chaired both the Internationale Gesellschaft für Deutsche Romantik (the International Society for German Romanticism) and the Baussnern Society, an organization dedicated to the music of composer Waldemar von Baußnern (1866-1931). She has won prizes in international choral competitions and led choir tours of 12 European countries and the United States.
At present she conducts both the chamber choir of Marienhöhe Darmstadt and the vocal ensemble Cantabile Darmstadt; since 2006, both the Bach-Chor Darmstadt and Kammerorchester Pro Musica have been under her musical direction.

</doc>
<doc id="18927666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927666" title="Jan Frodeno">
Jan Frodeno

Jan Frodeno (born 18 August 1981) is a German triathlete. He won gold in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. 
Born in Cologne, Frodeno started out as a swimmer in South Africa at the age of 15, and he entered triathlon in 2000. He then went to Germany to compete in the Triathlon-Bundesliga, and qualified for the national team in 2002. He currently trains at the Olympic Training Centre in Saarbrücken. Before his Olympic victory, his best result was placing sixth in the 2007 World Championships, and winning the German Championship the same year. He had previously also placed second and third in various races of the World Cup from 2005 to 2008.
His gold medal win at the 2008 Summer Olympics was a surprise. He beat the 2000 Olympic champion Simon Whitfield in a sprint finish, while the hot pre-race favorite and 2008 World Champion Javier Gómez finished in fourth place. The victory came the day after his twenty-seventh birthday.
Jan Frodeno continued to perform strongly in 2009 and 2010, finishing 4th overall in the World Championship Triathlon Series both years. He was on course to become World Champion in 2010, needing only a 4th place in the Series Grand Final in Budapest, but due to an injury struggled to a 41st place finish, losing the Overall title to Javier Gomez.
He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and finished 6th.

</doc>
<doc id="18927668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927668" title="Danny O'Donoghue">
Danny O'Donoghue

Daniel John Mark Luke O'Donoghue (born 3 October 1980) is an Irish singer-songwriter known for being the frontman of the Irish alternative rock band The Script and as a coach on the first and second series of the television singing talent show "The Voice UK".
Early life.
Danny O'Donoghue was born to Shay O'Donoghue, a member of the band 'The Dreams', and Ailish O'Donoghue. He is the youngest of six children and was raised in Ballinteer, Dublin. As a child, O'Donoghue was initially against the idea of being a musician; however, he ended up dropping out of school to pursue a musical career.
Early career.
Danny O'Donoghue was originally a member of a late 1990s band called Mytown with friend (and now also band member of The Script) Mark Sheehan, after being signed to Universal Records in 1999. After its moderate success, O'Donoghue moved to Los Angeles with Sheehan to write songs and produce for artists such as Britney Spears, Boyz II Men and TLC. 
After one year of writing, O'Donoghue and Sheehan moved back to Dublin and, recruiting drummer Glen Power, started working on their own material. They formed the band The Script in 2001.
The Script.
The band released their eponymous debut album on 8 August 2008. O'Donoghue co-wrote all the songs on the album. The album went on to become a commercial success, especially in their home country of Ireland, peaking at number one on the Irish Album Chart. The band has since released two more albums: Science and Faith on September 2010 and #3 on September 2012. The Script have toured since early March 2013 for their #3 tour in the UK. They performed in some of the UK's largest arenas and cities such Birmingham, London and Manchester.
"The Voice UK".
In 2012 O'Donoghue made his first appearance in "The Voice UK" alongside Jessie J, will.i.am and Tom Jones as a coach. The decision was supported by bandmates Glen Power and Mark Sheehan, who said: "Danny did "The Voice" to put a face to The Script. We know about producing, song writing and performing – we’ve been doing it since we were 14 or 15. Danny on a show about singing was good for us. People saw how passionate he is about music, how much it means to him and it made our band better known." The appointment of O'Donoghue as coach initially drew criticism, with Twitter users branding him "Danny I Dunno Who" and comedian James Corden joking about it at the 2012 BRIT Awards. O'Donoghue retaliated saying "James who? Whatever. It’s up to other people to make up their own minds. I know I’m on this show for what I’ve done in my career. I’ve spent 15 years in the music industry, it’s all I know." Since then, however, the show has helped contribute to O'Donoghue's popularity, with O'Donoghue stating there was a "big outpouring of love for The Script" but adding that it "could have gone the other way." He was asked to appear as a judge for "The Voice" again in 2013 after leading 'Team Danny' to great success.
O'Donoghue also co-wrote the track "Alive" for Bo Bruce's album "Before I Sleep".
On 16 July 2013, Danny announced he was to the leave the show to concentrate on the Script. He will be replaced by Ricky Wilson.
Personal life.
O'Donoghue's father died of a stomach aneurysm on 14 February 2008 at the age of 63. The rose tattoo on O'Donoghue's left arm is to commemorate the date. The song "If You Could See Me Now" from their album #3 is written in memory of him.

</doc>
<doc id="18927674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927674" title="Frederika Charlotte Riedesel">
Frederika Charlotte Riedesel

Frederika Charlotte Louise von Massow, Baroness (Freifrau) Riedesel zu Eisenbach was the wife of General Friedrich Adolf Riedesel of Brunswick. She accompanied him during the Saratoga Campaign in the American Revolutionary War and kept a journal of the campaign.
Early life.
Frederika was born in 11 July 1746 at Brandenburg. Her father, Julius von Massow, was a Prussian official, but had been a Lieutenant General in the Prussian army. Frederika had travelled with the Prussian army as a child, and learned the hard life of a camp follower.
In 1762, Frederika helped care for Lieutenant Colonel Riedesel, who had been wounded in battle during the Seven Years War. They were married that same year; Frederika was sixteen years old.
Friedrich Adolph Riedesel was a member of the line of Riedesel zu Eisenbach, and like all his male cousins had the title of "Freiherr" or Baron. He was not "the Baron" or "von Riedesel." Upon their marriage Frederika gained the title of "Freifrau" or Baroness Riedesel zu Eisenbach. She was described as looking more like an unmarried school girl than a married woman. She would grow into a red-haired baroness, "full in figure and possessing no small share of beauty." In the following years, the Riedesels had two daughters, Gustava and Frederica, and Frederika was pregnant with a third, Carolina, in 1776 when Brunswick signed a treaty to support Great Britain in the suppression of the rebellion in their American colonies. Friedrich was promoted to General and named commander of the Brunswick army, and he referred to Frederika as "Mrs. General".
General Riedesel sailed for the Americas in 1776, with the understanding that Frederika would join him as soon as the new baby could travel. Carolina was born in March, and the family sailed to England in May. Frederika took with her some antiques to sell in England, where the demand for such items would provide them with needed money for their travelling expenses.
"Mrs. General" Riedesel was not well received in England, where she was mocked for her German fashions and language. Frederika awaited her ship to Canada in Bristol, where she learned the English language and customs within six weeks. General Riedesel insisted she travel with a companion, however, and she could not set sail for Canada until April 1777.
The American Revolution.
Saratoga Campaign.
Frederika arrived in Canada and was reunited with Friedrich in June at Trois-Rivières. She received permission to accompany the army South, on General John Burgoyne's campaign to capture Albany. Her journals reveal her military background, and she was critical of the lack of security at camp.
Frederika and her daughters followed the army in a calash. She was with the army on 19 September and was an eye-witness to the Battle of Freeman's Farm. Her journals describe her evening in a nearby house, where wounded soldiers came to rest, and where a young English officer slowly died during the night.
Baroness Riedesel was preparing a meal on 7 October when the Battle of Bemis Heights began. The table, with its meal, was cleared to make a bed for General Simon Fraser. Frederika spent the night tending to wounded soldiers, other women, and her own children. General Fraser died the next morning, and that afternoon, the house caught fire, and the Riedesel family was forced to evacuate. General Fraser had requested that his body be buried at a redoubt, and Frederika observed the funeral under American cannon fire.
Immediately thereafter, the British, fearing imminent defeat at the hands of the Americans, determined upon retreat to Canada. "Mrs. General" Riedesel was very critical of General Burgoyne, and broke with 18th-century customs to remind the General that his men were starving.
After marching north through torrential rains with their equipment mired in mud the Baroness took refuge near Saratoga, present day Schuylerville, in what is now known as the Marshall House, a large wooden structure where yet is preserved the stone cellar where Frederika sheltered with her small children, women accompanying the army and wounded officers and men.
Elsewhere in the house remain beams shattered by American cannon fire and bloodstains in the floor left by a wounded English surgeon whose leg was struck off in the cannonade. Three of eleven cannon balls recorded by Frederika as having hit the building are displayed. She spent days managing a house which became a shelter for women and wounded soldiers as the battle continued. A German soldier described her as an "angel of comfort" who "restored order in the chaos."
The heroic and tragic events that took place in the Marshall House are vividly described in Baroness Riedesel’s celebrated diary. The Marshall House was placed upon the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. Erected in 1770 it is the sole remaining structure in the area predating the Battles of Saratoga. It remains today a private home.
Convention Army.
Following the British surrender on 17 October, Frederika and her daughters became the guests of General Philip Schuyler. The Riedesel family traveled with the defeated army to Boston, where they were to sail back to Europe. The terms of surrender were rejected by Congress, however, and the prisoners spent the next four years as the Convention Army.
The Convention Army was moved from Boston to Virginia in 1779. Here, General Riedesel collapsed while working in the garden, and Baroness Riedesel spent her time as his nurse. Until he returned to Germany, General Riedesel could not sleep unless Frederika was with him.
In late 1779, the Riedesels were allowed to move to New York City. While residing there in 1780, Frederika gave birth to their fourth daughter, whom they named America. That same year, a smallpox epidemic broke out, and Frederika again became the nurse to her household, perhaps even saving the life of her husband, who had asked to die.
Finally, in July 1781, the Riedesel family was permitted to leave New York, and travelled to Canada. Here, Frederika gave birth to a fifth daughter, named Canada, who did not survive. Before departing Canada, General Riedesel took his wife to review the English soldiers who were under his command. The English greeted Frederika with military honors. The Riedesels left for Germany in 1783. Frederika is credited with saving the Braunschweig regimental colors by hiding them in her mattress, and she returned them to Duke Karl Wilhelm Ferdinand.
The Riedesels had four more children- nine total, of which six survived past their first year. After a further campaign in the Netherlands from 1788 to 1793, General Riedesel died in 1800. Frederika returned to Berlin and published her journals from the war that same year. Her book became an important first-hand account of the Saratoga Campaign. Baroness Riedesel died 29 March 1808 in Berlin. She was buried with her husband in a family grave in Lauterbach.

</doc>
<doc id="18927695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927695" title="Bufoceraurus">
Bufoceraurus

Bufoceraurus is an extinct genus of trilobite.

</doc>
<doc id="18927703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927703" title="Megan Cooke">
Megan Cooke

Megan Cooke Cargano (born May 5, 1980 in Los Gatos, California) is an American rower. She competed at the 2007 Lucerne World Cup and 2007 Lintz World Cup. She won silver medals in coxless pairs at Lucerne and Lintz. She competed at the 2006 Lucerne World Cup in the coxless pairs. She won a gold medal with partner Anna Mickelson.
Megan competed in the FISA World Rowing Championships in Eton, United Kingdom. She helped her team win a gold medal with a world best time of 5:55.50.
After finishing rowing for the US National team, Cooke was hired as an assistant coach for the University of Wisconsin Badgers. She works primarily with the novices, who have been particularly strong in the past, winning 2 of the last 3 NCAA South/Central Championships in the Novice 8.
Megan was named the new varsity assistant coach at the University of Wisconsin beginning in the fall of 2013. 
Megan attended the University of California at Berkeley.

</doc>
<doc id="18927705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927705" title="Cheah Tek Soon">
Cheah Tek Soon

Cheah Tek Soon was a prominent 19th century figure after whom Tek Soon Street was named.
The Penang Khean Guan Insurance Company.
He was a founder and member of the Board of Directors of the Penang Khean Guan Insurance Company. The board was composed thus:
Name of Partners
Tan Ley Kum
Chairman
Lee Phee Yeow
Chong Moh & Co.
Cheah Eu Ghee
Chie Hin & Co.
Khoo Thean Teik
Chin Bee & Co.
Khoo Sim Bee
Ee Soon & Co.
Cheah Tek Soon
Sin Eng Moh & Co.
Ong Beng Tek
Ban Chin Hong & Co.
Foo Tye Sin
Yeoh Cheng Tek
Hong Thye & Co.
Khaw Sim bee
Koe Guan & Co.
Cheah Leng Hoon
Eng Ban Hong & Co.
Gan Kim Swee
Aing Joo & Co.
Tan Lim Keng
Kim Cheang & Co.
Cheah Chean Eok
Secretary
Ong Boon Tek
Treasurer
Logan & Ross
Solicitors
The 1905 Chinese Anti-American Boycott Movement.
During the Chinese Anti-American Boycott Movement, Cheah Tek Soon (Xie Deshun) joined Gon Boon Tan (Wen Wedan), and others, in making speeches to further stir up feelings against America.
Cheah Tek Soon 5 Storey Mansion.
Originally built in the 1880s by Cheah Tek Soon, this was the first five-story residence in Penang. The building passed on to his only child, his daughter Cheah Liew Bee, who married Goh Say Eng, a supporter of Dr. Sun Yat Sen. Goh, who was selling his properties one by one to support Dr. Sun's revolutionary movement, sold this property too. Merchant Tye Kee Yoon bought it and turned it into a hotel. It has been known as the Bellevue Hotel and also Raffles-By-The-Sea. It was leased to the Government in the 1920s to be used as an English school, and became the Shih Chung branch school after the war. In 1993 it was acquired from the Tye trustees by the Malaysia Vegetable Oil Refinery Sdn Bhd, one of the major shareholders of Stanford Raffles By The Sea Sdn Bhd, for nine and a half million Malaysian Ringgit. With the purchase, the building which has through the years been reduced to three storeys, is to be restored and will surrounded by a three-block columbarium to be built by developers Stanford Raffles By The Sea Sdn Bhd.

</doc>
<doc id="18927715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927715" title="Burmeisterella">
Burmeisterella

Burmeisterella is a trilobite in the order Phacopida. It was described by Reed in 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="18927717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927717" title="Squash Racquets Federation of India">
Squash Racquets Federation of India

The Squash Racquets Federation of India or SRFI is the Indian governmental apex body for the game of squash. It conducts the National Squash Championship, and promotes the game through the different state level squash bodies, and provides training facilities and selects the squad for the Indian team. It also chooses coaches for the national team (presently Cyrus Poncha and Major S. Maniam). The rise of squash worldwide with many players in the top 100 worldwide and India's higher rankings worldwide are a testament to the hard work put in by the administrators and players over the last decade.
Among the major facilities created by the SRFI is the ICL-TNSRA squash academy, which hosted the World Team Championship in 2007.
In 2000, the squash association of Maharashtra felt that the chairman of the SRFI, N. Ramchandran, was hindering the chances of players. Conflict between the SRFI and squash athletes came to a fore in 2005, when the government was conferring the Dronacharya award on SRFI affiliated squash coach Cyrus Poncha. India's number one squash player Joshna Chinappa wrote a letter to the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs that she never trained under Poncha, and that he had misused her name to get the Dronacharya award. 
The SRFI chairman Ramachandran then produced testimonials from Joshna where she acknowledges the support of SRFI and Poncha.
In 2008, the SRFI chose a woman's squad for the Asian championships without Dipika Pallikal, who was then training in Egypt, after having recently won the under-17 British Open. The federation cited irregularities in the paperwork in informing the group about her absence due to training, but it was felt that this might have been a rivalry with the Mittal Champions Trust which had been sponsoring her training abroad. 
The SRFI maintains the website indiasquash.com, which announces the national squash calendar and other details.

</doc>
<doc id="18927731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927731" title="Hussain Al-Hadhri">
Hussain Al-Hadhri

Hussain Ali Farah Al-Hadhri commonly known as Hussain Al-Hadhri (; born 27 April 1993) is an Omani footballer who plays for Al-Raed in the Saudi Professional League. Al-Hadhri also plays for the Omani national football team. He was part of the winning squad in the 2009 Gulf Cup of Nations as well as Asian Cup 2011 qualifications.
Al-Hadhri in Dhofar.
Al-Hadhri had played a vital role for Dhofar as a high scoring striker, rivaling Dhofari veteran, Hani Al-Dhabit. In 2009 Sultan Qaboos Cup final, Al Hadhri scored 2 goals of Dhofar against Saham Club. Saham won the match 7-6 on penalties after the match had ended 2-2 at normal time.
International career.
Hussain has featured for the Omani national team since being called up in 2006 at the age of 16. He has made appearances for the youth team various times, and he competed in the 2008 WAFF Championship. In the competition Hussain did not score any goal, but made an impressive show wearing Oman's number 10 shirt. He was featured on the winning 2009 Gulf Cup squad in Muscat and he was a regular in the lineup for Oman's 2014 World Cup qualifying side.
He scored a total of 7 Goals for Oman national under-23 football team in 2012 London Olympics Football qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="18927741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927741" title="Nels C. Nelson">
Nels C. Nelson

Nels Christian Nelson (April 9, 1875 - March 5, 1964) was a Danish-American archaeologist.
Biography.
Nelson was born near Fredericia, in the Fredericia municipality in the eastern part of Jutland, Denmark. He was the eldest child in a poor family. He was sent to work on an uncle's farm in Minnesota in 1892. There he started first grade at age 17, graduating from high school in 1901. He rode a cattle car to California, saved money from odd jobs, and entered Stanford University about 1903. He transferred to the University of California, Berkeley in 1905. Nelson earned his Bachelor of Letters in 1907, and an M.L. in 1908. 
Nelson became interested in anthropology, and went to work for John C. Merriam surveying middens around San Francisco Bay and on the California coast. Nelson later estimated he walked 3,000 miles for the survey. In 1911, Nelson accepted a job with the American Museum of Natural History to do an archaeological survey of the upper Rio Grande valley of New Mexico. His new wife, Ethelyn Hobbs Nelson, would be his paid field assistant. Nelson excavated a number of Pueblo ruins in the Galisteo Basin, many of which were abandoned following the Pueblo Revolt of 1680. He also did some excavation at Chaco Canyon with Earl Morris. 
Nelson pioneered the technique of stratigraphic excavation in America. During his work in the Galisteo Basin, he dug a series of 1-foot levels in trash mounds at archeological sites, classified all the pot shards he found into seven types, and calculated their frequencies by levels. These resembled sections of normal distribution curves, and demonstrated that statistical analysis of data from arbitrary levels could reveal chronological change just as could data from physically distinct strata. This technique, refined by Alfred V. Kidder at Pecos, continues to be used to the present day. 
The Daxi culture, a Neolithic culture, located in the Qutang Gorge around Wushan, Chongqing, in China was discovered by Nels C. Nelson in the 1920s. The Nelsons joined Roy Chapman Andrews on his third expedition to Mongolia in 1925. 
Nelson served as President of the American Anthropological Association, President of the Society for American Archaeology, President of the American Ethnological Society, and Vice President of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Nelson served in a number of curatorial positions at American Museum of Natural History (AMNH), ultimately as Curator of Prehistoric Archeology. He retired from AMNH in 1943, and died in 1964 in New York, at age 89.

</doc>
<doc id="18927747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927747" title="Burmeisteria">
Burmeisteria

Burmeisteria is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Homalonotidae) that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now South Africa. It was described by Salter in 1865, and the type species is "Burmeisteria herschelii", which was originally described under the genus "Homalonotus" by Murchison in 1839. It also contains the species "B. accraensis", "B. acuminata", and "B. noticus". The type locality was the Bokkeveld Group.

</doc>
<doc id="18927750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927750" title="Gone Tomorrow">
Gone Tomorrow

Gone Tomorrow is the thirteenth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. It was published on 23 April 2009 in the United Kingdom and 19 May 2009 in the USA. This is one of at least five Reacher novels written in the first person.
Plot summary.
It's 2am, and Jack Reacher is travelling on the New York underground. He notices a suspicious looking passenger who matches many of the specifications for a potential suicide bomber. When he approaches her with an offer of assistance she abruptly terminates herself in a decidedly indecorous manner.
NYPD are eager to close the file without investigating the tragedy, but Reacher has other ideas. He wants to know what happened that night, and, more importantly, why. Is everyone as honest as they claim to be? And if so, then why are there so many questions to be asked and avoided?
Reacher is repeatedly and emphatically warned off the case, but his guilt over possibly triggering the poor woman's suicide won't let him rest until he has pursued the mystery all the way to the very end. In a world gone grey with moral and ethical relativism only Jack Reacher stubbornly sticks to his high standards no matter what the personal cost.

</doc>
<doc id="18927753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927753" title="Not On Your Nellie">
Not On Your Nellie

Not On Your Nellie is a British sitcom that ran from 1974-75. It starred veteran actress Hylda Baker as Nellie Pickersgill, a Bolton woman who moves to London to help run her ailing father's Chelsea pub. 17 episodes of the series were produced by London Weekend Television for the ITV network.
Premise.
When Jed Pickersgill (John Barrett) finds himself too ill to run his Chelsea pub, The Brown Cow, he calls upon his middle-aged daughter Nellie for help. Nellie, however, is teetotal and does not approve of alcohol (or, in fact, any vice) and attempts to maintain order in the pub by keeping a watchful eye on the regulars "and" her wayward father. Regular customers included Charlie (Leo Dolan), a window cleaner whose pastimes included booze and women, Ali (Azad Ali), an Asian London Underground worker who was forever being assaulted in the line of duty, George (David Raynor), an effeminate gay man who runs a nearby fashion boutique, and Gilbert (Roger Howlett), his flamboyantly dressed but always silent boyfriend. There was a new 'busty barmaid' in each series (whom Nellie never approved of either), including Beryl (Alexandra Dane), Doris (Wendy Richard), and "Big Brenda" (Sue Nicholls).
Series history.
"Not On Your Nellie" premiered a year after Baker's previous series, "Nearest and Dearest", ended. In a 1973 television interview with Baker (available on the Series 7 DVD of "Nearest and Dearest"), she stated that "Not On Your Nellie" was planned as a spin-off from "Nearest and Dearest" and would focus on the character Nellie Pledge after her brother Eli (Jimmy Jewel) deserts her following the end of their family business, Pledge's Purer Pickles. However, Baker's character in "Not On Your Nellie" was not Nellie Pledge, but Nellie Pickersgill - an identical character in all but name. "Not On Your Nellie" was created by Roy Bottomley and Tom Brennand and was based on a stage play that they had written for Baker in the frame of the Nellie Pledge character. Bottomley and Brennand were two of the regular writers for "Nearest and Dearest", but were not the series creators ("Nearest" was created by Vince Powell and Harry Driver and was produced by Granada Television). As such, neither Bottomley or Brennand (or London Weekend Television) had any rights to the character of Nellie Pledge, and so this is likely what facilitated the name change to Pickersgill. However, as with "Nearest and Dearest", much of the comedy stemmed from Baker's malapropisms and partially improvised Northern humour, and "Not On Your Nellie" was essentially a new version of "Nearest and Dearest" in a different location. This issue was not helped by the fact that Bottomley and Brennand recycled many of their old gags - and even entire scripts - from "Nearest and Dearest" (this can be seen most prominently in the 1975 episode "Feeling The Draught" which was a remake of their 1969 "Nearest and Dearest" episode "Two Pennies To Rub Together").
The series also allowed Baker, who was a veteran of theatre and music hall, to exhibit more of her stage abilities such as singing, clog dancing and piano playing, and she wrote and performed the series' occasional end title theme song.
Despite the similarities, "Not On Your Nellie" did not match the success of "Nearest and Dearest". Major cast changes occurred before production of the third series commenced, with Barratt, Raynor, Ali, and Richard all leaving the show. Two new characters were brought in to accommodate the changes, including Jack Douglas as Nellie's cousin Stanley, and Sue Nicholls as new barmaid Brenda. However, during the taping of the third series in 1975, Baker slipped on set and injured herself. Although she appeared (in a wheelchair) for one episode after the accident, Baker then left the series and took legal action against LWT for her injury. One further episode was made without her (where it was explained her character was away in hospital) but the show was then abruptly axed only four episodes into its third series, also marking the end of Baker's television career.
DVD release.
All three series of the show have been released by Network DVD in the UK. The first series also includes the series finale of "Nearest and Dearest" as a bonus feature.

</doc>
<doc id="18927772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927772" title="Bernhard VI, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg">
Bernhard VI, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg

Bernhard VI, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg (died 2 February 1468) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the Principality of Anhalt-Bernburg.
He was the eldest son of Otto III, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg, by his first unknown wife.
Life.
He succeeded his cousin Bernhard V in the principality of Anhalt-Bernburg when he died in 1420, after being bypassed sixteen years earlier by him and his own younger brother Otto IV. Alongside his princely title, he also maintained the style "Lord of Bernburg".
Marriage and issue.
In 21 October 1419 Bernhard married Matilda (died 1432), daughter of Protze of Querfurt-Burgscheidungen. They had two children:
In 11 March 1434 Bernhard married a second time to Hedwig (born ca. 1410 – d. Bernburg, 14 May 1497), daughter of Duke Jan I of Żagań. This union was childless.
Bernhard's only son predeceased him. As the last male in his line, the first branch of the house of Anhalt-Bernburg became extinct. His kinsman George I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, inherited his lands.

</doc>
<doc id="18927775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927775" title="Burtonops">
Burtonops

Burtonops is a trilobite in the order Phacopida. It was described by Struve in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18927791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927791" title="Younis Al Mushaifri">
Younis Al Mushaifri

Younis Khalifa Al-Mushaifri commonly known as Younis Al-Mushaifri (; born 24 October 1981) is an Omani footballer who plays for Al Shabab. He represented the national team in the 2007 Asian Cup wearing the number 14 jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="18927825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927825" title="University Voting Systems Competition">
University Voting Systems Competition

The University Voting Systems Competition, or VoComp is an annual competition in which teams of students design, implement, and demonstrate open-source election systems. The systems are presented to a panel of security expert judges. The winners are awarded a cash prize provided by the sponsors. The competition was started by a group of students and professors from UMBC and George Washington University to inspire better ideas for electronic voting technology and raise student awareness of the political process.
Competitions.
2006/2007 academic year.
The first competition took place on July 16–19 during the 2006/2007 academic year in Portland, Oregon. The event was sponsored by The National Science Foundation, Election Systems & Software, and Hewlett-Packard Company. The four teams that competed were:
The judging panel included MIT professor Ron Rivest, Microsoft security researcher Josh Benaloh and John Kelsey of NIST.
The Punchscan team was awarded the "Best-Election System" grand prize and $10,000 from ES&S after uncovering a security flaw in the random number generator in the source code of the runner-up team, Prêt à Voter.

</doc>
<doc id="18927845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927845" title="Blip Festival">
Blip Festival

The Blip Festival is a festival that celebrates chiptune music with musical performances, workshops, and screenings of movies. It has been held annually since 2006 in New York City. In recent years, there have been international versions of Blip Festival held in Europe, Asia, and Australia. The festival is curated and organized by 8bitpeoples, one of the foremost labels in the chiptune scene, as well as local arts organization The Tank. The New York festival (referred to simply as Blip Festival) has switched venues several times, beginning in 2006 at 15 Nassau Street in Manhattan, then moving to Eyebeam Art and Technology Center in 2007, and then being held in Brooklyn at the Bell House in 2008 and 2009. It went back to Eyebeam in 2011 and then the Gramercy Theatre in 2012.
The festival was the subject of a 2008 documentary film, "Reformat the Planet", made by 2 Player Productions. The documentary was an official selection of the 2008 South by Southwest Film Festival, and was shown on Pitchfork.tv.
After 7 Years and 11 Festivals across 4 continents it was announced that the October 2012 Blip Festival in Tokyo would be the last installment for the foreseeable future.
Blip Festival Europe.
The Blip Festival Europe was held once only in Aalborg, Denmark on July 24 to 25, 2009. The festival included Bit Shifter, Nullsleep, minusbaby, Hally, Binärpilot, Goto80, Bodenständig 2000, Bu Bu Kitty Fuckers and more.
Blip Festival Tokyo.
The Blip Festival Tokyo occurred for three consecutive years and was held for the first time on September 4–5, 2010 in Tokyo, Japan at Koenji High. Artists that played included Goto80, Bit Shifter, Nullsleep, YMCK, Saitone,Hally, Quarta330, Stu, Hip Tanaka, and more. It was consecutively held at Koenji High on October 22–23, 2011 and October 20–21, 2012.
Blip Festival Australia.
The Blip Festival Australia was held for the first and only time on February 17–18, 2012 in Melbourne, Australia at Evelyn Hotel. Artists that played included Patric Catani, Bit Shifter, Nullsleep, Dot.AY, Abortifacient, Ten Thousand Free Men & Their Families, _ensnare_, 7bit Hero and more.

</doc>
<doc id="18927856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927856" title="Calmonia">
Calmonia

Calmonia is an extinct genus of trilobite. It contains one species: "C. curvioculata".

</doc>
<doc id="18927872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927872" title="Calymenella">
Calymenella

Calymenella is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, which existed in what is now France during the upper Ordovician. It was described by Bergeron in 1890, and the type species is "Calymenella boisseli". The species was described from the Glauzy Formation in the Montagne Noire mountain range.

</doc>
<doc id="18927881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927881" title="Calymenesum">
Calymenesum

Calymenesum is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed in what is now China during the middle Ordovician. It was described by Kobayashi in 1951, and the type species is "Calymenesum tingi", originally described under the genus "Calymene" by Sun in 1931. The species was described from the Shistzupu Formation in Guizhou, China.

</doc>
<doc id="18927885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927885" title="Xoltəzəkənd">
Xoltəzəkənd

Xoltəzəkənd (also, Kholtazakend) is a village in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Xol Qarabucaq.

</doc>
<doc id="18927887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927887" title="SIGMOD Edgar F. Codd Innovations Award">
SIGMOD Edgar F. Codd Innovations Award

The ACM SIGMOD Edgar F. Codd Innovations Award is a lifetime research achievement award given by the ACM Special Interest Group on Management of Data, at its yearly flagship conference (also called SIGMOD). According to its homepage, it is given "for innovative and highly significant contributions of enduring value to the development, understanding, or use of database systems and databases". The award has been given since 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18927889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927889" title="Ustye Kury">
Ustye Kury

Ustye Kury (also, Ust’ye Kury) is a village in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18927891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927891" title="Astanlı, Neftchala">
Astanlı, Neftchala

Astanlı (also, Astanly) is a village and municipality in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 965. 

</doc>
<doc id="18927892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927892" title="Massacre of Limoges">
Massacre of Limoges

The Massacre of Limoges was a battle in 1370 during the Hundred Years' War. The town of Limoges had been under English control until the Bishop gave the town over to the French. Due to the English Prince Edward's closeness to the Bishop he sacked the town. 
see Froissart's Chronicles

</doc>
<doc id="18927894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927894" title="Gadzhi-Mayly">
Gadzhi-Mayly

Gadzhi-Mayly is a village in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18927896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927896" title="Calymenidius">
Calymenidius

Calymenidius is an extinct genus of trilobite.

</doc>
<doc id="18927900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927900" title="Babakhanly, Neftchala">
Babakhanly, Neftchala

Babakhanly is a village in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18927908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927908" title="Babaxanlı">
Babaxanlı

Babaxanlı or Babakhanly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18927911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927911" title="Tan Yu">
Tan Yu

Tan Yu (, April 5 1927 – 12 March 2002) was a Chinese philanthropist and businessman who founded the Asiaworld International Group and established the KTTI Foundation, which provided scholarships to and supported the education of thousands of young students. In 1997, Forbes estimated his net worth to be about $7 billion. He was placed amongst the top 10 in the world on the Forbes List of World Billionaires 1997, making him the wealthiest man in the Philippines. Some projects were affected by the 1997 Financial Crisis 
Early Life.
Originally from Fujian province in China, Yu and his family moved to the Philippines at a young age. He began making a living in Camarines Norte through selling bread buns in the streets and doing some fishing. He graduated from University of St. La Salle in Bacolod City, and in 1997, received an honorary doctorate of science degree from the New Jersey Institute of Technology. By the age of 18, he had established a successful textile business.
Business Interests.
During his lifetime, he planned to develop Fuga and Barit, two northernmost islands in the Philippines, into a resort in the Pacific for businessmen and tourists. Under the company Asiaworld, he possessed more land in the Philippines than the government, as well as possessing overseas assets in the form of property, hotels and banks.
His key holdings included the Asiaworld Plaza Hotel in Taiwan, over 200 Hectares of prime land in Manila Bay and the Islands of Fuga and Barit.
Legacy.
Tan Yu died of heart failure in Houston, Texas, in 2002 at the age of 75. Jose de Venecia, the Speaker of the House of Representatives in the Philippines, commended his achievements as a great businessman and as a philanthropist, for providing jobs to a number of Philippine people. He was posthumously honored with the Dr. Jose P. Rizal Award for Excellence.
His five children continue to live in the Philippines, Taiwan, and Hong Kong.
Popular references.
In the Story Arc 2078 edition of the Philippines comic strip series Pugad Baboy, the Ninoy Aquino International Airport was named as Tan Yu International Airport (TYIA).

</doc>
<doc id="18927912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927912" title="Chapayevka, Neftchala">
Chapayevka, Neftchala

Chapayevka is a village in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18927920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927920" title="Jermaine Jackson (album)">
Jermaine Jackson (album)

Jermaine Jackson (released internationally as Dynamite) is the tenth studio album by US singer-songwriter Jermaine Jackson, released in 1984 as his first album with Arista after leaving Motown. Overall, it is Jackson's most commercially successful album to date.
Background.
"Jermaine Jackson" was Jackson's first of numerous albums released with Arista Records, after leaving Motown, who he had been with for thirteen years. The album was released internationally under the title "Dynamite". The album went on to be Jackson's second-most successful album in his native United States, peaking thirteen places below "Let's Get Serious", and reaching Gold status. Internationally, it was Jackson's most successful album, peaking within the charts of four non-US territories. "When the Rain Begins to Fall", originally recorded for the soundtrack of "Voyage of the Rock Aliens", was later included on the album after its success as a single.
The album track "Take Good Care of My Heart" a duet with the then relatively unknown singer Whitney Houston was also the B-Side of the released "Dynamite" single, and, the song later appeared on the self-titled debut album of American R&B and pop singer Whitney Houston, released February 14, 1985 on Arista Records. 
The album was re-issued in 2005 in the US with little difference compared to the original album. It was reissued again in Japan in 2009 with "When the Rain Begins to Fall" and two bonus tracks, and again in the US in 2012. This edition also contained "When the Rain Begins to Fall", both bonus tracks on the Japanese edition, as well as three more bonus tracks.
Critical reception.
Jason Elias from Allmusic gave the album a positive track-by-track view, saying "["Jermaine Jackson"] has him doing a slickly produced variant of the R&B/pop his brother was making sound effortless." and concluded "While "Jermaine Jackson"'s not a perfect album, despite the ground covered, it is a strong one."
Singles.
"Sweetest Sweetest" was released as the album's lead single outside of the US, and charted moderately in Belgium (Flanders), Netherlands, New Zealand and the UK. "Dynamite" was released as the album's second single, and became Jackson's fourth top 20-charting single, reaching #15 on the Billboard Hot 100. Internationally, the song performed less well, reaching #46 in France, and #19 in New Zealand. "Do What You Do", the album's third single, performed as one of Jackson's best-selling singles to date, reaching the top 20 in the US, as well as topping the Belgium (Flanders) chart, and reaching the top ten in Ireland, Netherlands, and the UK, where it was certified Silver by the BPI. It also reached #40 in Germany, and #12 in France.
"When the Rain Begins to Fall", a duet with Pia Zadora, was originally recorded for the soundtrack of "Voyage of the Rock Aliens", and went on to become one of both artists' best-selling singles. Although less successful in the US and UK (respectively peaking at #54 and #68), the song topped the charts of numerous European territories, including Belgium (Flanders), France, Netherlands, and France. The song also peaked within the top ten of Austria, Switzerland, and Italy. The song also went Gold in Germany, and Platinum in France. Due to the success of the single, it was included on later pressings of the album.

</doc>
<doc id="18927924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927924" title="İkinci Qaralı">
İkinci Qaralı

İkinci Qaralı (also, Karaly Vtoryye and Karally Vtoryye) is a village in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Yuxarı Qaramanlı.

</doc>
<doc id="18927927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927927" title="Felicia Ţilea-Moldovan">
Felicia Ţilea-Moldovan

Felicia Ţilea-Moldovan (born 29 September 1967 in Măgura Ilvei, Bistriţa-Năsăud) is a Romanian javelin thrower. She is a four-time Olympian, and winner of the gold medal at the 1995 Summer Universiade in Japan. Her personal best throw is 63.89 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="18927928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927928" title="Şorkənd">
Şorkənd

Şorkənd (also, Shorkend) is a village in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qaraqaşlı.

</doc>
<doc id="18927929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927929" title="Vladimirovka, Oghuz">
Vladimirovka, Oghuz

Vladimirovka is a village in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Astraxanovka.

</doc>
<doc id="18927933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927933" title="Zərrəb">
Zərrəb

Zərrəb (also, Zərrab) is a village and municipality in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 272. 

</doc>
<doc id="18927936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927936" title="Padar, Oghuz">
Padar, Oghuz

Padar is a village and municipality in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,224. 

</doc>
<doc id="18927939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927939" title="Rodnikovka">
Rodnikovka

Rodnikovka is a village in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18927942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927942" title="Kərimli, Oghuz">
Kərimli, Oghuz

Kərimli (known as Vardanlı until 1991) is a village and municipality in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,953. 

</doc>
<doc id="18927945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927945" title="Shakhra">
Shakhra

Shakhra is a village in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18927949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927949" title="Malykh">
Malykh

Malykh is a village in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18927952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927952" title="Bayan, Oghuz">
Bayan, Oghuz

Bayan is a village and municipality in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,375. 

</doc>
<doc id="18927957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927957" title="Kazmalar, Oghuz">
Kazmalar, Oghuz

Kazmalar is a village in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18927964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927964" title="Dzhovlan">
Dzhovlan

Dzhovlan is a village in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18927967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927967" title="Aglykh">
Aglykh

Aglykh is a village in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18927968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927968" title="Pesik">
Pesik

Pesik is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18927978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927978" title="NGC 6208">
NGC 6208

NGC 6208 is an open cluster in Ara constellation. With an age of 1.17 Gigayears, it is one of the oldest known open clusters.

</doc>
<doc id="18927980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927980" title="Bayramkoxalı">
Bayramkoxalı

Bayramkoxalı is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,039. 

</doc>
<doc id="18927982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927982" title="Universal Soul">
Universal Soul

Universal Soul is a Halifax (Nova Scotia, Canada) based hip hop ensemble who have been a part of the Halifax scene since 1985. Its members have inspired and mentored other hip hop artists Such as Classified, Buck 65, Sixtoo and Trobiz, and they have had numerous collaborations with artists as diverse as The Jimmy Swift Band, Symphony Nova Scotia and Anne Murray. Although they have avoided media limelight, they have been nominated and won several awards at the regional and national levels.
Origins and Members.
The group consists of three MCs; F.I.Z. (Finley Tolliver), Voodoo (David Adekayode), Tacktishion (Tracey Williams), and one DJ IV (pronounced eye-vee, Brian Pelrine). IV is the newest member of the group, has been spinning since 1999, currently he is the 2010 Atlantic Canadian Redbull 3Style Dj Battle Champion & 2010 Stylus Awards East Coast Dj of the Year and was mentored by Jorun, former member of Universal Soul (now heading First Words).
This group’s origin can be traced back to 1987 when they went by the name Down by Law. Back then their membership consisted of Jorun, as DJ, MCs F.I.Z. and Tacktishion, and Voodoo as dancer. Jorun still collaborates with Universal Soul and has been a driving force behind the Halifax hip hop scene. Universal Soul along with Jorun were responsible for revitalizing this city’s scene in the 1990s after Cool G and MCJ left town. Jorun produced The Haltown Projex, and it was through this production that artists such as Buck 65 and Sixtoo obtained media attention and subsequently made their careers.
Style.
Universal Soul maintain that they “rap like human beings” and they “aren’t one thing or another.” While they make local references in their music, the most prominent theme is nostalgia for youth and times past, as in the case of their best known single Way Back in the Day, in which they rap about their arrival in Halifax as children and being the new kid on the block.
In an interview produced by puppetier and filmmaker, Joey Adrian MacNeil, they appear as puppets rather than “in the flesh” and claim that they don’t live the gangsta or the pop lifestyle, they are happy to make music everyday, be who they are, and represent Halifax hip hop.
Releases.
Their album Time Capsule was released in 2003, and features music compiled over the preceding ten years including the single Way Back in the Day. 
Their latest release is Back and Forth, featuring Trobiz and Amelia Curran, with a video aired on MuchMusic.
Awards.
- 2013 African Nova Scotian Music Association Pioneer Award
4 East Coast Music Award Nominations:
- 2005 Video of the Year for “Way Back in the Day”
- 2004 African-Canadian Recording of the Year for Time Capsule
- 2004 New Artist of the Year
- 2004 Urban Recording of the Year for “Bring the Funk 2 U”
They’ve won four African Nova Scotian Music Association Awards :
- 2003 Winner for the Artist/Group of the Year at the African Nova Scotian Music Association Award Show
- 2003 Winner for Best Album at the African Nova Scotian Music Association Award Show
- 2003 Winner for the Best Hip Hop Group of the Year at the African Nova Scotian Music Association Awards
- 2003 Winner for the Urban Group of the Year at the Music Industry Association of Nova Scotia

</doc>
<doc id="18927983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927983" title="Yeleyen">
Yeleyen

Yeleyen is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18927988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927988" title="Topbağ">
Topbağ

Topbağ is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 513. 

</doc>
<doc id="18927989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927989" title="Bigga than Ben">
Bigga than Ben

Bigga than Ben is a 2008 British black comedy film written and directed by Suzie Halewood. The film is based on the 1999 Russian novel of the same name.
It was released on 10 October 2008 in the United Kingdom and 18 November 2008 in the United States. It stars Ben Barnes, Andrei Chadov, Ovidiu Matesan and Hero Fiennes-Tiffin.
Plot.
This dark comedy from the UK, is a tale of two selfish, wayward young Russian backpackers who come to London in an attempt to amass an easy fortune.
But it’s not too long before Spiker and Cobakka realize that legally, they aren’t going to get very far. So, aided by the dodgy Artash they learn to shoplift from supermarkets, rip off banks, joyride on the London Underground and turn mobile phones into crack cocaine.
Critical reception.
"Bigga than Ben" received generally favourable reviews from critics. The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 60% of critics gave the film positive reviews.
Cosmo Landesman in "The Sunday Times" gave the film four stars and said the film was “Dark, funny, charming, fast, immoral, decadent and delightful. The best double act buddies since Butch Cassidy & the Sundance Kid.”
London's "Time Out" said, “Makes Dirty Pretty Things look like a government advisory documentary... street-smart, non-PC and very funny” and also gave the film four stars.

</doc>
<doc id="18927990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927990" title="Chayly">
Chayly

Chayly is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18927991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927991" title="Amirvan">
Amirvan

Amirvan () is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,527. 

</doc>
<doc id="18927992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927992" title="Zalam">
Zalam

Zalam is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 691. The municipality consists of the villages of Zalam and Mollaşıxalı.

</doc>
<doc id="18927996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927996" title="Türkmən, Qabala">
Türkmən, Qabala

Türkmən (also, Tyurkman is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18927998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18927998" title="Beylyarkend">
Beylyarkend

Beylyarkend is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928000" title="Tövlə">
Tövlə

Tövlə is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 698. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928002" title="Dzhodzhukh">
Dzhodzhukh

Dzhodzhukh is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928003" title="Yerli-Dzharly">
Yerli-Dzharly

Yerli-Dzharly is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928004" title="Trey Told 'Em">
Trey Told 'Em

Trey Told 'Em is a collaborative project between Gregg Gillis of Girl Talk and Frank Musarra of Hearts of Darknesses focused on "remix and production work."

</doc>
<doc id="18928011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928011" title="Bum, Azerbaijan">
Bum, Azerbaijan

Bum is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 5,095. The municipality consists of the villages of Bum, Zərgərli, and Qarasu.

</doc>
<doc id="18928017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928017" title="Küsnət, Qabala">
Küsnət, Qabala

Küsnət is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qəbələ.

</doc>
<doc id="18928019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928019" title="Abrıx">
Abrıx

Abrıx is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 620. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928021" title="Laza, Qabala">
Laza, Qabala

Laza is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,025. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928029" title="Laza, Azerbaijan">
Laza, Azerbaijan

Laza, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18928050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928050" title="Michikh">
Michikh

Michikh is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928051" title="Yuzbashevan">
Yuzbashevan

Yuzbashevan is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928055" title="Fujirebio">
Fujirebio


</doc>
<doc id="18928056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928056" title="Uzuntala, Qakh">
Uzuntala, Qakh

Uzuntala is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 122. The municipality consists of the villages of Uzuntala and Bağtala.

</doc>
<doc id="18928057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928057" title="List of Mad Men characters">
List of Mad Men characters

This is a list of fictional characters in the television series "Mad Men", all of whom have appeared in multiple episodes.
Primary characters.
Pete Campbell.
Peter "Pete" Campbell (Vincent Kartheiser) is an ambitious young account executive whose father-in-law controls the advertising for Clearasil, a Sterling Cooper account. A member of a quintessential old-money Manhattan family born with a silver spoon in his mouth, he becomes more competitive with Don as the series progresses, and ultimately becomes a partner of Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce.
Betty (Draper) Francis.
Elizabeth "Betty" Francis (née Hofstadt, formerly Draper; January Jones) is the ex-wife of Don Draper (who affectionately called her "Betts", or on occasion "Birdy") and mother of their three children, Sally, Bobby and Gene. Her family home was in Elkins Park, Pa., and she graduated from Bryn Mawr College. She speaks fluent Italian. She is the archetypal dissatisfied 1960's housewife, who dutifully turned her back on her education and professional career (as a model) to become a homemaker. After obtaining a Reno divorce from Don, she marries Henry Francis.
Don Draper.
Donald "Don" Francis Draper (né Dick Whitman; Jon Hamm) born 1926, is the creative director at Sterling Cooper Advertising Agency; he eventually rises to become a junior partner. He later becomes a founding partner at Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce. Draper is the series' protagonist, and more storylines focus on him than on other characters.
Megan Draper.
Megan Draper (née Calvet) (Jessica Paré) (born 1940/41) begins as a member of SCDP's typing pool and rises from receptionist to Don Draper's secretary, ultimately becoming Don Draper's wife (as of the beginning of Season 5). Following Miss Blankenship's death, she is promoted from the reception desk to take over as Draper's secretary. In "Chinese Wall", she indicates to Don an interest in advertising, and one night, while discussing work, she initiates a sexual encounter with Don on his office couch. She comments that she would not run out crying if they slept together (presumably a reference to Don's previous secretary, Allison, who left SCDP in tears following Don's cold treatment of her after their one-night stand). In the Season 4 finale, Don takes Megan on a trip to California to take care of his kids when his planned childcare falls through at the last moment. Although his girlfriend Faye Miller (SCDP's marketing research consultant) has been with him for months, he proposes marriage to Megan while on vacation in California, and she accepts. Don promotes her to copywriter at some point after their wedding announcement at SCDP.
Megan is originally from Montreal, and she is bilingual in English and French. She originally wanted to be an actress, and in Season 5, she quits her copywriting job at SCDP to pursue acting and lands her first acting job with Don's intervention (a commercial for Butler shoes) in the Season 5 finale. She is 26 at the time of her marriage to Don, who turns 40 seven months after the wedding.
Between seasons, Don appears to have fully disclosed his secrets to Megan, as she is aware of his identity and knows who Anna is. By season 6, Megan is a recognizable actress (whose fans request her autograph), having landed a regular role in a daytime soap opera, titled "To Have and to Hold". She admits to Sylvia Rosen she had become pregnant while in Hawaii with Don and was relieved when she miscarried, as she had contemplated her options (a pregnancy would have disrupted her emerging acting career). Megan later reveals to Don that she had been pregnant and miscarried.
Near the end of Season 6, Don - who is obsessed with Sylvia Rosen, unbeknownst to Megan and Arnie Rosen - barely communicates with Megan. Marie suggests Megan dress less like a wife for a business dinner Don has invited Megan to, which attracts Don's amorous attention that night, but ultimately, he practically ignores her, and she tells him things must change. In the Season 6 finale, Don tells Megan they are moving to California, and she quits her soap opera job, eagerly anticipating pursuing opportunities on the West Coast. However, later that day, Don tells her they are not moving. Angered, Megan leaves the apartment.
Joan Harris.
Joan P. Harris (née Holloway; Christina Hendricks) is first seen as an office manager at Sterling Cooper, who acts as a professional and social mentor, as well as an occasional rival, to Peggy Olson, much like the relationship of Don with Pete. She ultimately pays a high price to become a partner at Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce.
Peggy Olson.
Margaret "Peggy" Olson (Elisabeth Moss), upon introduction, is the ostensibly naïve "new girl" at Sterling Cooper. She was originally Draper's secretary, but showed surprising talent and initiative, including a knack - similar to Drapers' - for understanding the consumer's mind (albeit in a rawer, less focused form). Don promotes her to copywriter, and she ultimately accepts a Creative Director position with Ted Chaough's firm, but later is under Don's control again after a merger.
Lane Pryce.
Lane Pryce (Jared Harris), previously employed at Putnum Powell and Lowe, becomes a junior partner at Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce. Despite being a junior partner, his name is on the company's masthead. In the fifth season, after embezzling funds from the company, he is caught by Don, who tells him to resign. After typing a resignation letter, Lane commits suicide by hanging himself in his office.
Roger Sterling.
Roger H. Sterling, Jr. (John Slattery) was one of the two managing partners of Sterling Cooper, and later a founding partner at Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce.
Supporting characters.
Trudy Campbell.
Gertrude "Trudy" Campbell (née Vogel; Alison Brie) is Pete Campbell's wife. Trudy and Pete marry early in season 1 and purchase an apartment on Park Avenue, with the help of Trudy's parents. Trudy is dutiful to her husband, even when he asks her to visit an old beau to get a short story published. In Season 2, she expresses her desire to have a child, a desire Pete resists as he does not want to have children yet (not knowing he already conceived a child with Peggy). After discovering she has fertility problems, Trudy wants to adopt a baby, but Pete balks. In Season 3, Trudy and Pete have a closer relationship than they did before and seem to work together as a team, though Pete seduces a neighbor's au pair when Trudy is away on her summer vacation with her parents. In Season 4, Trudy becomes pregnant, a fact that Pete uses to secure the Vicks Chemical account for the firm from his father-in-law, Tom Vogel. Later in the season, Trudy gives birth to a daughter, whom they name Tammy. In season 5, the couple has relocated to Cos Cob, Connecticut (against the wishes of Pete, who prefers living in Manhattan), and as Trudy settles in as a suburban housewife, Pete experiences angst and insecurity. Trudy agrees to let him have a bachelor pad in Manhattan. In season 6, Pete has a sexual liaison with their neighbor, Brenda. Trudy is infuriated; although she knew Pete would cheat on her, she expected him to be discreet. She throws Pete out of the house, although she refuses to admit defeat by divorcing. Over the next several months. Pete visits and she gradually begins to accept him back, but she ends it again after Pete tells her that both he and her father have been frequenting the same brothel in Midtown (Tom had previously withdrawn the Vicks accounts, banking on the fact that Trudy would believe him over Pete).
Bert Cooper.
Bertram "Bert" Cooper (Robert Morse) is the senior partner of Sterling Cooper, a crafty old gentleman who is treated with considerable deference by Roger Sterling and Don Draper. He founded the agency in 1923 with Roger Sterling's father. Cooper's late wife introduced Roger and his first wife, Mona, and Cooper keeps a picture of young Roger and Roger's father in his office. Cooper lectures Roger about being dependent on smoking and criticizes him for his love life. Cooper is not present in the office's day-to-day wranglings, but he is devoted to the business and quietly manages various challenges from behind the scenes. Cooper's younger sister, Alice, is a silent partner at Sterling Cooper and invested in the company when it was just getting started.
Cooper has a late period red painting by Mark Rothko and the erotic illustration "The Dream of the Fisherman's Wife" hung in his office and is a devotee of Ayn Rand. He appears to be an aficionado of Japanese art and culture: his office is decorated in a Japanese motif with shoji dividers among other things (including a photograph of President Coolidge), and he requires visitors to remove their shoes before entering his office. Roger attributes this to Cooper's being a germaphobe. Cooper also walks around the rest of the Sterling Cooper offices in his socks.
He is a member of the Republican Party and gets Sterling Cooper involved with the 1960 Nixon campaign, providing advertising services to the campaign "gratis". Cooper is the second character at Sterling Cooper to learn that Don Draper is actually Dick Whitman, after Pete Campbell informs him of the truth, but he reacts with nonchalance, remarking famously, "Mr. Campbell, "who cares?"" He keeps silent about Don's identity but uses this knowledge two years later (in "Seven Twenty Three") to pressure Don into signing a three-year contract with the agency.
After selling a majority interest in the company to British firm PPL, which begins to exert control, he begins to feel increasingly insignificant but accepts this as part of the terms of the buyout, from which he, Alice, Roger, and Don profited handsomely. But when Bert discovers PPL will be selling Sterling Cooper to a rival agency – and that he will be forced to retire as a result – Cooper goes on to co-found the new agency Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce.
During Season 4, Don Draper finds a taped recording of Roger's memoirs in a drawer by accident, from which it is revealed that Cooper was given an unnecessary orchiectomy during the "height of his sexual prime". Don and Peggy also learn that when Roger was a young man, he was sexually involved with Cooper's much older, very eccentric, long-time secretary Ida Blankenship.
Later in Season 4, in the episode "Blowing Smoke", when the agency is forced to radically downsize its staff following the loss of the Lucky Strike account, Cooper tells the other partners he is quitting, partially in response to Don Draper's opinion piece in "The New York Times", which he feels is a needlessly reckless career move, and he does not want to be associated with Draper's "stunt". However, as of the premiere of Season 5, he is back in the offices of SCDP, though without an office of his own.
By Season 6, Cooper has been given his own office on SCDP's new second floor. Though far less spacious than his office at Sterling Cooper, it is still decorated with Japanese art. Cooper this season goes about his duties with more vigor and enjoyment than he has for the past two seasons (and more than the other partners). Cooper works in secret with Pete and Joan to prepare SCDP for becoming a publicly traded company, but his plans are derailed when Don loses the Jaguar account. Cooper's initial opinion on the subsequent merger with CGC is unclear though he goes about his duties at the new firm with his usual aplomb. Cooper later volunteers to have his name removed from the company's along with those of the recently deceased partners, but gleefully accepts Cutler's proposal to name the firm "Sterling Cooper & Partners." On Thanksgiving Day, 1968, Cooper leads Roger, Jim and Joan in confronting Don over his behavior and placing the errant creative director on leave.
Ken Cosgrove.
Kenneth "Ken" Cosgrove (Aaron Staton) is an account executive at Sterling Cooper. Pete says Ken is the son of salesman from Burlington, Vermont, and Ken tells Fillmore Auto Parts he grew up in rural Vermont. Ken says his mother was overweight and worked as a nurse at a state hospital. As he tells Sal and Kitty Romano (in "The Gold Violin"), he attended Columbia University and before getting married, lives in Murray Hill (close enough to walk to work, but he doesn't), writes as a hobby, and took a job in advertising because he heard there was money in it.
He initially features as part of Pete's entourage, seeming to spend more office time drinking, flirting and gossiping than working. Ken has literary aspirations and has been published in "The Atlantic Monthly", an accomplishment that elicits jealousy from both Pete and fellow co-worker Paul Kinsey.
In Season 2 it is revealed that Ken makes considerably more money than his co-worker Harry Crane, even though Crane works longer hours and has a much tougher job. In Season 3, Ken and Pete are promoted, sharing the role of Accounts Director, which infuriates Pete (who wanted the role all to himself) while leaving Ken completely unruffled. While not as outwardly ambitious as Pete, he has proven to be a competent executive and an exceptionally talented creative thinker, eclipsing Campbell as a rising star at Sterling Cooper. Eventually, Cosgrove is promoted above Campbell, to the latter's fury.
Because Pete Campbell was approached first and agreed to join SCDP, Cosgrove is not seen in the earlier episodes in Season 4. However, Ken later joins SCDP, bringing Birds Eye and other clients with him, and agrees to serve under Campbell. There are limits to what Ken will do, however: he refuses to try to bring his father-in-law's business over to SCDP. Later in the fourth season, Ken is having dinner with his fiancée, Cynthia, and prospective in-laws when he learns that Lucky Strike, SCDP's biggest client, is taking their business to another agency.
In the season 5 premiere he is happily married, and he and his new wife attend Don's surprise birthday party. Ken is also shown to have continued writing in his off-hours and has published science fiction stories using the pseudonym of Ben Hargrove, a fact he tries to keep secret from his co-workers. At the end of "Signal 30," Ken tells Peggy Olson that Roger Sterling is forcing him to abandon writing fiction. He continues to do so under the new pen name Dave Algonquin. In "Commissions and Fees," Don and Roger manage to secure Ken's father-in-law as a client on their own. Ken doesn't mind working on the account since it was acquired without his help, but in exchange for feigning ignorance to Cynthia, Ken demands that Pete be excluded from the proceedings.
In Season 6, Ken has been given a spacious office on SCDP's second floor, and appears to be on somewhat friendlier terms with Pete, even giving him advice when the latter finds himself in a very awkward situation. He dislikes his new employee Bob Benson. After the acquisition of the new Chevy account and the subsequent merger with CGC, Ken is assigned to deal with the account, necessitating he be in Detroit more and more often. Unknown to Ken, this is exploited by Joan to allow Benson to keep his job. In "Quality of Mercy", Ken is wounded in the eye during a hunting accident with the Chevy executives. Deciding that Chevy is too much for him, he returns to New York to support newly-pregnant Cynthia.
Harry Crane.
Harold "Harry" Crane (Rich Sommer) was a media buyer at Sterling Cooper. He initially features as part of Pete's entourage, seeming to spend more of his time in the office drinking, flirting, and gossiping than actually working. Harry is originally from Wisconsin and is a University of Wisconsin alum, the only one of Pete's best friends who did not attend an Ivy League school (Ken went to Columbia, Pete to Dartmouth, and Paul to Princeton). He is married to Jennifer, who works at the phone company. They seem to have one of the more egalitarian marriages on the show; Harry is honest with his wife and is shown asking her advice about his problems at work. Harry sometimes appears to be rather henpecked. He flirts with women but is faithful to his wife until he has too much to drink at an office party and has a one-night stand with Hildy, Pete's secretary. He confesses the infidelity to Jennifer, who kicks him out of their home for a time. Harry and Jennifer appear to have resolved that issue by Season 2, and Jennifer later gives birth to a daughter named Beatrice, named after Rich Sommer's real-life baby daughter. In Season 6 it is mentioned that they also now have twin sons Nathan and Steven.
Harry is a bit of a pushover, accepting far less in pay in negotiations than he could have asked for, and his non-confrontational attitude causes him to mishandle a situation that leads to the firing of his friend and co-worker, Sal Romano. Despite these flaws, Harry is the only member of the firm to recognize the advertising power of television and subsequently creates and puts himself in charge of Sterling Cooper's television department. Later, when Sterling Cooper is in the process of being sold, Harry mistakenly thinks they are considering opening a West Coast office and believes he would be the person to move to California. (In the early 1960s, production of most television programs had moved from New York to Los Angeles).
In Season 3, he is the only Sterling Cooper executive who is promoted by the firm's British owner as part of a short-lived company reorganization. Harry later accepts an offer to join Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce as "Head of Media". During Season 4, a more confident and slimmer, if smarmier, Harry shows great progress, as he is often seen making deals with television networks on the new agency's behalf. We see him flirting with Peggy's friends as well, and it is implied that he cheats on his wife but has learned to keep it from her. During the season 5 premiere, Megan mentions to Peggy that Don really doesn't like Harry, and thus wouldn't want him to attend his birthday party. Nonetheless, Harry is invited and attends. Given his mild social awkwardness, he is seemingly unaware of Don's opinion of him. The next day at the office, Megan catches Harry making lewd comments about her performance of "Zou Bisou Bisou" and he is briefly concerned for his job. Also in Season 5, he is approached by former close friend Paul Kinsey, who is now a Hare Krishna and is floundering. He has sex with Paul's Hare Krishna girlfriend, without Paul's knowledge. Later, Paul, wanting to escape the Krishnas, approaches Harry for help—he has written a spec Star Trek script and wants to know if it will be successful. Harry, avoiding confrontation as usual, assures Paul it's a great script (even though it is dismally bad), and urges him to go to California, giving him $500 for the trip. Paul expresses gratitude, but it isn't clear whether he actually left.
In Season 6, Harry's personality has changed considerably from his days at Sterling Cooper; he is shown to have an inflated view of himself and the media department. His jealousy manifests itself when Joan fires his secretary, Scarlett, for falsifying her time card. He orders Scarlett back to work and then bursts into a partners' meeting and displays considerable anger over the fact that Joan was promoted to partner when he had been passed over several times, particularly as his accomplishments happened "in broad daylight." Cooper and Sterling later give him a generous commission on a last-minute commercial he and Ken made which saved several accounts, but flatly reject his demand to become a partner, observing that the commercial is the only genuinely impressive thing he's ever done. When Martin Luther King Jr. is assassinated, Pete is outraged by Harry's fretting over the ad time lost to news coverage, which leads to a brief but intense shouting match in which Pete accuses Harry of being a racist. Harry takes it as a given that he will soon be made partner, while Roger assures Joan that that will never happen.
Bobby Draper.
Robert "Bobby" Draper (Maxwell Huckabee, Aaron Hart, Jared Gilmore and currently Mason Vale Cotton) is Don and Betty Draper's middle child. His mother referred to him as a "little liar." Bobby was mentioned as being 5 years old in the season 2 episode "The Mountain King," making his birthday between October 1956 and September 1957. Due to many of the Draper story lines focusing on Don, Betty and Sally, Bobby does not have much of a role in the early seasons. He is depicted as being clumsy and accident-prone, such as burning his lip on a hot stove. When Betty urges Don to spank Bobby for damaging the radio, he opts to scold the boy rather than resorting to physical punishment; he later reveals that he "wasn't half as good as Bobby" when reflecting on his own childhood. After the Drapers separate and divorce, Bobby gradually becomes close to his stepfather Henry Francis, and he is treated kindly by Don's new wife Megan. During the sixth season, Bobby's character is expanded; he shown to be sympathetic towards blacks in the aftermath of Martin Luther King, Jr's assassination, as well as expressing concern for Henry's safety. Don realizes that he has been missing out on his children's lives.
Gene Draper.
Eugene Scott "Gene" Draper is Don and Betty Draper's youngest child. He was born during the third season, on June 21, 1963, and is named after Betty's late father, Gene Hofstadt.
Sally Draper.
Sally Beth Draper (Kiernan Shipka) is Don and Betty Draper's oldest child. She becomes a more central character in the third and fourth seasons (according to the time line of the series, she would turn 9 years old in Season 3 and 11 in Season 4); as of the fourth season, she has been promoted to a starring role. The death of her grandfather, Gene Hofstadt, affected Sally significantly and deepened the rift between her and her mother. When her youngest brother is named after their dead grandfather and given his room, Sally becomes convinced that the baby is her grandfather's reincarnation and becomes terrified of him. Sally is adventurous, and she has been seen throughout the series making cocktails for her father, smoking one of her mother's cigarettes, and being taught how to drive by her grandfather. Her behavioral problems lead Betty to have her see a child psychiatrist in Season 4. Sally appears to be closer to her father than her mother, and in one episode ("The Beautiful Girls"), she unexpectedly shows up at Don's office, because she wants to live with him instead of Betty and Henry Francis. Don sometimes affectionately calls Sally "Salamander". She develops a friendship with slightly older neighborhood boy Glen, who is about 12 or 13, in Season 4. This infuriates Betty because in prior years, Betty and Glen reached out and comforted each other when they were both feeling sad, lonely, and neglected. Betty forbids Sally to see Glen, and proves to be very volatile whenever Sally sees him. Sally continues to surreptitiously communicate with Glen, calling him frequently at his boarding school.
Henry Francis.
Henry Francis (Christopher Stanley) is a Republican political advisor who serves as the Director of Public Relations and Research in the Governor's Office under New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller and, later, is an advisor to New York City Mayor John Lindsay. He is instantly infatuated with Betty Draper when he meets a six-months pregnant Betty at the Sterlings' Kentucky Derby party. Later, when Betty calls him to ask if he can use his influence to save a local reservoir, they develop a personal connection. Betty reciprocates Henry's attention because she increasingly feels no connection with Don due to his non-stop infidelities, lies over his true identity, and his sometimes verbally abusive attitude towards her. After Betty's beloved father dies, the much older Henry also serves as a replacement father-figure for her. Henry and Betty have only a few brief and furtive meetings before Henry proposes marriage in the wake of the Kennedy assassination. Season 3 ends with the two of them on a plane with baby Gene, presumably flying to Reno so Betty can obtain a quick divorce from Don. At the start of season 4, we see that Henry and Betty have married and Henry has rather uncomfortably taken up residence in the Drapers' house, living with Betty and her three children and initially paying no rent to Don. He tries to soothe Betty as she continues to react angrily to Don and his irresponsibility towards the children, but he becomes more frustrated with her over time. Betty, on her part, feels unaccepted by Henry's family, especially when she is unable to control Sally during a family visit to the home of Henry's mother Pauline, and in the face of Pauline's not-so-veiled scorn of Betty. At the end of season four, Henry and Betty decide to move to Rye, NY. By season 5, Betty has gained a large amount of weight, but Henry tells her she's beautiful, her relationship with Henry seems affectionate. In season 6, when Betty dyes her hair black, to her children's dismay, Henry says she looks like Elizabeth Taylor. Betty supports, and seems rejuvenated by Henry's decision to run for office in season 6, and after he admiringly tells (the overweight, brunette) Betty that during his campaign people will "really see" her, she rapidly regains her former svelte figure and blonde hairdo.
Michael Ginsberg.
Michael Ginsberg (Ben Feldman) first appears in the episode "Tea Leaves" (season 5, episode 3), when he is hired as a part-time copywriter by Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce. He is initially hired to service the Mohawk Airlines account, and proves himself to be both prolific and innovative. He quickly becomes an essential part of the creative team and surpasses Peggy Olson midway through the season as the firm's most productive writer, when Peggy becomes mired in the Heinz story arc. Ginsberg is an idiosyncratic, socially awkward character who tends to speak his mind, which can be both a help and hindrance to him. His position at the firm is threatened at times, including at his interview, when Peggy decides not employ him for fear of his being too extroverted and idiosyncratic for Don's tastes. However, this decision is reversed by Roger, who has already told Mohawk they have taken Ginsberg on.
The quality of Ginsberg's work is his main asset, and he tells Peggy immediately following his interview that although he can be tough to handle, he is a natural copywriter. His pitching style is theatrical, and he often captivates his clients with his over-the-top performances and youthful vigor. In this respect, he stands out from the rest of the SCDP team, particularly Don and Peggy, who are quieter and more understated both in their copy and their presentation. As the season goes on, Ginsberg's socially awkward, tone-deaf genius and refusal to follow orders begin to create resentment in both Don and Peggy, leading to a conflict between Ginsberg and Don in "Dark Shadows", when Don decides to submit his own work for an account instead of Ginsberg's. The episode reveals a competitive side to Ginsberg that was not really evinced until that time.
Ginsberg is Jewish, and he lives with his adoptive father Morris in Brooklyn. In "Far Away Places", he reveals to Peggy that he was told he was born in a concentration camp during World War Two, and that his father found him in a Swedish orphanage at age 5. He also claims to be a Martian who is waiting for orders from above, but whether this is a genuine belief, a particularly straight-faced joke, or an expression of psychological estrangement from society resulting from his personal history, remains ambiguous. Ginsberg appears to have a difficult relationship with his father, who is overbearing and physically dominates him.
Roger takes a liking to Ginsberg when he discovers they share a common desire to throw something out of their skyscraper windows, and Roger thereafter canvasses Ginsberg's support to help him with the Manischewitz account, which he is trying to bring to SCDP. With Peggy's departure from SCDP in episode 8, Ginsberg's position as copywriter is further elevated, and he becomes one the two full-time copywriters at the firm along with Stan Rizzo, both of whom report to Don. However, in the season finale "The Phantom", Ginsberg and Stan struggle to make the same impression on clients that Peggy did, and Don does not back their ideas the way he did hers, frustrating them.
In Season 6, Ginsberg is shown to have embraced more of the counterculture, and grows a thick mustache while dressing less formally. With the merger of SCDP and CGC, Peggy once again becomes his superior. His politics come to a head when, during an argument with partner Jim Cutler, Ginsberg denounces Dow Chemical for the use of its Napalm in Vietnam. Cutler angrily criticizes Ginsberg as a hypocrite for abhoring Dow's policies and yet accepting paychecks from them.
Ginsberg's father later sets him up on a blind date, but Ginsberg immediately botches it by being socially awkward and admitting that he is still a virgin.
Paul Kinsey.
Paul Kinsey (Michael Gladis) is a copywriter at Sterling Cooper. He initially features as part of Pete Campbell's entourage, seeming to spend more office time drinking, flirting and gossiping than working. Paul has been involved with Joan in the past, but the relationship ended badly, implied to be because Paul talked about it too much. When a then naive Peggy begins to work at Sterling Cooper as Don's secretary, Paul hits on her, but Peggy refuses him, as she is secretly attracted to Pete. Paul later dates an African-American woman who is involved in civil rights. Joan makes fun of his black girlfriend, who dumps Paul while they are registering black voters in the South. He lives in a beatnik neighborhood in Montclair, New Jersey and espouses more Bohemian ideas and attitudes than his fellow young copywriters, listening to jazz and smoking marijuana. Joan, however, mocks him for this lifestyle, proclaiming that he simply wants to believe he is better than the people he works with. He is originally from New Jersey and attended Princeton on a scholarship, two facts he is eager to hide. A fan of science fiction and "The Twilight Zone", he has a notably Kennedy-era fascination with space.
In season two, Paul grows an Orson Welles beard and later quotes passages from Welles' "War of the Worlds" radio broadcast. He initially encourages Peggy to pursue copywriting, noting, "There "are" female copywriters", but becomes jealous and pettily competitive when her skill becomes apparent. He realizes Peggy and Don have creative "magic" together when it comes to advertising ideas and slogans and is annoyed, especially as his own contributions become less favored by Don and, as a result, diminish his importance at the firm. Paul expresses considerable anger when he realizes Peggy was secretly chosen to leave the company and join the new agency Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce, while he was not.
In the season 5 episode "Christmas Waltz", he re-appears as a devotee of the Hare Krishna movement, which he has joined at least partly to win the affections of a girl. He contacts Harry Crane to give him a spec script for "Star Trek". The script is terrible but Harry praises the script and gives him five hundred dollars and a ticket to Los Angeles so he can start afresh. He assures Paul that the people in Hollywood will react positively to his script. Paul expresses considerable gratitude toward Harry, telling him he is the first person to actually do something for Paul.
Duck Phillips.
Herman "Duck" Phillips (Mark Moses) was director of account services for a time at Sterling Cooper. In "Indian Summer", when Don Draper is made partner in the wake of Roger Sterling's heart attack, Bert Cooper gives Draper the authority to appoint a new head of account services. At the end of the first season, Draper brings in Phillips, who is looking for a job after alcoholism and an extramarital affair ended his career at Y&R's London office. Phillips appears to be a recovering alcoholic whose ex-wife and children are moving on with their lives. Phillips immediately challenges Sterling Cooper to broaden their clientele, seeking to attract airlines, automobile manufacturers, and pharmaceuticals.
At the beginning of season 2, Phillips pushes the agency to hire younger creative talent, a move Draper resists. He also pushes Cooper to pursue American Airlines in the wake of that airline's very public Flight 1 plane crash, forcing Draper to break his word and cut loose a client, Mohawk Airlines, in order to pursue the larger American Airlines. This event is emblematic of the subsequent relationship between the two: despite the fact that he risked Pete Campbell's revealing his true identity to get Duck hired, Don clashes with Duck throughout the season, as Don's belief in loyalty to both clients and employees is at odds with Duck's pragmatic and utilitarian approach to business.
At the end of season 2, frustrated with his failure to make partner, Phillips goes to some of his former London colleagues to arrange a merger of Sterling Cooper with the British firm Putnam, Powell & Lowe, which wants to establish a New York office. After the successful merger, Phillips is named president of Sterling Cooper, but he embarrasses himself (and secures his dismissal) in a drunken rant when Draper announces his intention to leave the firm.
During season 3, it is revealed Duck is now working at Grey, another New York agency. He tries, unsuccessfully, to poach Pete and Peggy from Sterling Cooper, but begins a sexual relationship with Peggy. He later resurfaces in season 4 ("Waldorf Stories") at the Clio Awards Show and drunkenly humiliates the man giving the introductory speech, prompting security to remove him. Upon witnessing this, Sterling jokes: "I miss working with that guy". During "The Suitcase", Duck unsuccessfully tries to strike out on his own after leaving Grey and deciding to creating his own female consumer products-based ad agency. He goes so far as to try to hire Peggy as Creative Director, sending her business cards with her name and title on them. He is desperate both personally and career-wise and needs Peggy for both reasons. During a late night at SC, Peggy catches a drunk Duck spitefully trying to defecate on Roger Sterling's sofa chair, mistaking it as Don's. While Peggy is walking Duck out, a drunk Don catches him in the offices. Don confronts him, and he and Duck get into a brief and comical brawl. Although Duck is weak in many ways, he is a masterful fighter with Don and gets the upper hand, while Don concedes his defeat by saying, "Uncle". Duck states he is a former United States Marine officer and served in the Pacific Theater during World War II, claiming to have killed 17 men at the Battle of Okinawa. Don then learns that Duck and Peggy had a secret romantic relationship. Peggy tells Don this, after giving birth to an illegitimate baby (that Don found out about in season 1, when he visited her in a hospital mental ward, believing she had tuberculosis), she turned to Duck because she was having a "confusing time."
In season 6, a sober Duck reappears as an independent headhunter for various advertising agencies, with whom Harry Crane recommends Pete to meet with. Duck explains to Pete that the merger between SCDP and CGC has left confusion in the management structure, which has left Pete's role unclear and therefore it is difficult for Duck to find prominent positions for Pete in New York. He tells Pete how he turned his life around by concentrating on his family life, so that he had something to give himself pride when he hit rock bottom. He advises Pete to concentrate on managing his own family life in order to help manage his professional career, and that if he does better for himself at the newly merged company, Duck can find better positions for him in New York.
Pete later asks for his help in getting rid of Bob Benson, and hires Duck to find Benson a position at another agency. Duck asks Pete if the agency is in need of another account man, but Pete makes it clear that Duck's previous antagonism with Don will prevent the firm from hiring him. Duck later discovers that "Bob Benson" is only an alias, and that the man's entire identity is a lie, with the only prior job on record under Benson's name is that of a manservant of an executive at another agency. Pete had not realized this because he never bothered to check any of Benson's references.
In the season 6 finale, Duck Phillips is seen entering SC&P after Don is asked to take a few months leave.
Stan Rizzo.
Stan Rizzo (Jay R. Ferguson) becomes the art director at Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce after Salvatore is fired. Before coming to the company, he worked at DDB, making unaired work for Lyndon B. Johnson's 1964 Presidential campaign. He and Peggy are often at odds with each other due to his abrasive and sometimes macho attitude, although the two later develop a strong working relationship after Stan tries to intimidate Peggy by deciding to work in the nude, but Peggy sees his bluff and strips down, prompting Stan to concede victory to her. Stan is one of the few members of the SCDP creative department who survives the staff cuts.
By season 5 the two are working well together, until the firm hires Michael Ginsberg, whose bombastic and somewhat sexist attitude is more in line with Stan's than Peggy's.
In season 6, Stan and Peggy maintain their friendship through late-night phone calls. Peggy's boss Ted Chaough overhears one such conversation, and Peggy relates Stan's news that Heinz ketchup is considering meetings, Chaough takes advantage of this and pressures Peggy to pitch a CGC campaign. Although neither firm ultimately wins the account, a betrayed Stan gives Peggy the finger at a bar. After SCDP and CGC merge, Stan and Peggy easily rebuild their friendship, and he is happy to be working with her again. In "The Crash", Stan is one of several employees Cutler's "Dr. Feelgood" injects with a stimulant to boost creativity and spends an entire weekend intoxicated. During this time, he comes on to Peggy, who gently rejects him. He then reveals that his first cousin recently died in Vietnam. Peggy counsels him that loss cannot be dealt with by getting high and having sex. While Stan initially takes her advice, he is later discovered inflagrante delicto with Wendy Gleason, the hippie daughter of a recently deceased partner.
Sal Romano.
Salvatore "Sal" Romano (Bryan Batt) is the Italian-American art director at Sterling Cooper. He is originally from Baltimore and is a closeted homosexual. Sal turned down a proposition from a male employee of Belle Jolie Cosmetics midway through the first season, admitting that though he has thought about having relationships with men, he has never acted on this impulse. He joins the other men of Sterling Cooper in flirting with the women in the workplace, in order to maintain the appearance that he is as interested in the opposite sex as they are. He speaks to his mother in Italian. Between the first and second seasons, Sal marries a childhood friend, Kitty (Sarah Drew); she is unaware of his true orientation, but over time becomes suspicious. The two entertain Ken Cosgrove for dinner during the second season, during which Sal seems taken with his guest.
In the third season premiere, Don Draper sees Sal with a hotel bellhop, but subtly assures him that he'll keep silent by drawing Sal's attention to the ad slogan: "Limit your exposure". Later in the third season, with Don's encouragement, Sal branches out into directing commercials for the company. Meanwhile, Sal and Kitty have not had sex in several months and Kitty tells Sal she needs "tending to". He assures her that he loves her, but his mind is elsewhere due to pressures at work. Illustrations popular in magazine advertisements in the 1950s and early 1960s are going out of style in favor of photographs, so he fears he will lose his job as an illustrator. Later in the scene, Kitty is in bed and Sal vividly demonstrates how the Ann-Margret look-alike will dance and sing "Bye-Bye Birdie" in his commercial (with lyrics changed for Pepsi's new diet drink Patio). Kitty nods, but appears uncomfortable.
In the episode "Wee Small Hours", Sal rejects the advances of Lee Garner, Jr., a married Lucky Strike executive, who in retaliation calls Harry Crane and demands Sal's removal from the account. When Harry fails to pass this on, Garner walks out of a subsequent meeting. Roger fires him on the spot. Don supports Roger's decision and, in contrast to his earlier reaction, regards Sal with homophobic disdain. In Sal's last appearance, he calls his wife late at night from a payphone located amidst a group of apparently homosexual men heading into the woods. He does not tell her he has been fired, only that he will be arriving home late.
Freddy Rumsen.
Frederick "Freddy" C. Rumsen (Joel Murray) is a copywriter at Sterling Cooper. He is the first in the office to notice Peggy Olson's talent for copywriting while working on an ad campaign for Belle Jolie. Since that time, he has been supportive of Olson's copywriting talents. He likes to seem lighthearted and open despite his age (his eldest daughter turns 30 in Season 2, and he served in World War II). He tries to be funny, doing things like playing Mozart pieces on his pants zipper. However, he has a serious problem with alcohol, and drinks unusually heavily at work even by Sterling Cooper standards. This ends up costing him his job when, after having too much to drink, he wets his pants and falls asleep shortly before he is supposed to deliver a pitch to Samsonite. Peggy delivers the pitch instead, and Pete reports the episode to Duck Phillips, who proceeds to report this to Sterling. Rumsen is fired, to Peggy's frustration (she felt some loyalty to Freddy because of his earlier assistance to her), despite the fact that his departure secured her a promotion to senior copywriter ("Six Months' Leave"). Don and Roger take Freddy out for a night on the town in the wake of his departure from the agency.
In Season 4's second episode, a sober Rumsen returns to work for SCDP on a freelance basis, having brought a $2 million account for Pond's Cold Cream. His only condition on coming back is that Pete not be allowed near the account. He is now sober and a sponsor in Alcoholics Anonymous, which puts him at odds with the penchant his coworkers have for heavy drinking. He originally retains his sexist attitude, until confronted by Peggy, who tells him that she has been asking SCDP to bring him back since they fired him. Freddy is moved by this, and the two develop a close friendship, to the point where they frequently have lunch together. In Season 5, Freddy, recognizing that Peggy cannot rise any further within the company, discreetly begins making job inquires for her, as his freelance work allows him to interact with the majority of advertising agencies on Madison Avenue. This leads Peggy to meet with Ted Chaough, who hires her.
Other characters.
Allison.
Allison (Alexa Alemanni) was Don Draper's secretary, first at Sterling Cooper and later at Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce. Allison was first seen as Sterling Cooper's receptionist. By Season 3, she had become Don Draper's secretary. Though her character was little developed during the first three seasons, she was depicted as being competent and friendly. She was also shown to have something of an on-again, off-again relationship with Ken Cosgrove. In Season 1, Allison had a one-night stand with Ken on the night of the 1960 presidential election. In Season 2, after Don asked that Jane Siegel be removed as his secretary, Allison was installed as her replacement. In Season 3, she occasionally flirted with Ken, and during Joan's going-away party she was seen sitting on Ken's lap. Although the sudden formation of Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce was accomplished without Allison's knowledge, SCDP hired her sometime during 1964, and she continued as Don's secretary. On the night of the office Christmas Party in 1964, Don asked Allison to bring him his apartment keys, which he had forgotten at work. Upon her entering his apartment, the drunken Don seduced Allison, and they had an impulsive sexual encounter. He attempted to forget about the affair but ended up hurting Allison when she realized he was going to pretend that nothing had happened. She continued to work for Don for several months, but in the fourth episode of Season 4, his continual avoidance of the topic finally led her to resign after she burst into tears at a focus group. When she asked Don for a recommendation letter and he suggested she write a glowing reference on his letterhead and he would sign it (which she perceived as insensitive), she snapped, throwing a brass cigarette dispenser at him that noisily shattered a glass picture frame and storming out of the office in tears. When Megan later made a pass at Don, she reassured him that she wouldn't behave like Allison the next morning. Allison's last name was never mentioned in the show and remains unknown.
Joey Baird.
Joey Baird (Matt Long) is a freelance artist for Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce, first seen at the start of the fourth season. Joey and Peggy seem to enjoy working together, reenacting the "John and Marsha" comedy skit in a workroom and laughing. However, Joey is also rather crude, frequently makes insensitive remarks, and engages in actions that would be classified as sexual harassment later in the century. Additionally, Joey misinterprets Harry Crane's friendly offer to help him get acting jobs and to go out for coffee as homosexual advances.
Joey is also anti-authoritarian and, while disrespectful behind Don and Lane's backs as some other SCDP employees are, is (unlike them) openly defiant of Joan. Things come to a head in "The Summer Man", when Joey reveals she reminds him of his mother, who he says is "a Joan" at her job: he speaks contemptuously about and to Joan, alleging she got her job by having sex with men in the office because she lacks any skills of her own, calls her a "madame" and a "Shanghai whore," tells her she walks around the office like she "want to get raped", and draws a pornographic picture of Joan and Lane Pryce engaged in oral sex and tapes it to the glass door of her office.
Joan's efforts to control and admonish Joey herself only escalate the problem, and her indirect efforts to have Don and Lane handle him (without explicitly spelling out his transgressions toward her) fail, as do Peggy's repeated efforts - acting as his peer - to rein Joey in. Peggy ultimately shows Don Joey's obscene drawing and, at Don's suggestion, empowers herself by ordering Joey to apologize to Joan and firing the shocked freelancer when he refuses to comply. Joan is angry at Peggy about the firing, because while it makes Peggy "look important", it makes Joan look like a "glorified secretary" without power or authority, who needs Peggy to fight her battles for her.
Jimmy and Bobbie Barrett.
Bobbie Barrett (Melinda McGraw) is the wife and manager of comedian Jimmy Barrett (born Jimmy Bernstein) (Patrick Fischler), an insult comic (reminiscent of Don Rickles) whom the firm uses in their advertisements for Utz Potato Chips. After Jimmy insults the wife of Utz's owner about her weight, Don has to intercede and ends up meeting Bobbie, who shrugs off her husband's behavior. After that meeting, Bobbie seduces Don, though he initially resists as he is determined to remain faithful to his marriage vows, despite his previous infidelities. When Bobbie later (in a ladies' lounge at Lutèce, where they and the Schillings are meeting for the apology) tries to get Don to pay more for the apology as her husband's pay-or-play contract does not require it, Don grabs her hair with one hand and puts the other up her skirt, then threatens to ruin Jimmy. Bobbie appears to enjoy the attention and then quickly makes her husband apologize. Later, she comes to Don with a TV pitch called, "Grin and Barrett", a "Candid Camera"-type show, featuring her husband using his insult comic skills as the host. Don helps her arrange things, and they continue to see each other on the side, until the two are in a car accident that requires a cover story.
The two resume their affair after a brief hiatus following the accident, but Don breaks it off completely and abruptly, when Bobbie reveals to him that she and other women with whom Don has had affairs have been discussing his prowess as a lover. Upset to learn that he has a "reputation" and annoyed at his inability to control Bobbie, Don leaves her during the middle of a sexual encounter, while she is tied up. Later, during a party where Don, Bobbie, and their spouses are in attendance, Jimmy reveals to Betty that Don and Bobbie have had an affair. Betty is humiliated by the revelation; she and Don become separated for a time. Though Betty may have suspected affairs in the past, Don's affair with Bobbie appears to be the only one Betty actually knows about. Don later encounters Jimmy in an underground casino, where he delivers a solid punch to Jimmy's face and knocks him off his feet, which Jimmy later disparages as "nothing".
Bob Benson.
Bob Benson (James Wolk) is a recurring character in season 6, a new hire in Accounts, answering to Ken Cosgrove. Benson's overly eager and helpful demeanor irritates many in the office and is interpreted as sycophantic by Don, Pete, and Ken. He engages in practices such as always buying an extra coffee so he has one to give to others, sending a catered deli platter to Roger's mother's wake, and hanging out on the lower floor of the office (Accounts is on the upper floor), looking for people to talk to, and in the reception area of Accounts, trying to be seen and (unsuccessfully) to appear busy. While at first these activities annoy people, eventually they bear fruit and gain Benson a stronger place in the firm. Benson is also shown listening to an LP audiobook of Frank Bettger's "How I Raised Myself From Failure to Success in Selling" (1949) and using similar language to inspire his friend, Michael Ginsberg.
In "Man with a Plan", Bob tactfully assists Joan when she is in pain due to an ovarian cyst, and, displaying an ability to think quickly and willingness to bend the truth, lies to the nurse about the nature of Joan's illness to ensure Joan gets treated immediately. A grateful Joan arranges to prevent his being laid off after SCDP merges with CGC, and later Bob is seen accompanying Joan and Kevin to the beach. Based on a comment made by Joan, Bob assists Pete Campbell in getting an experienced nurse for his now-ailing mother. Later, Benson intervenes in an argument between Michael Ginsberg and Jim Cutler, taking Cutler's side; his subsequent apology to Cutler leads Cutler to assign Benson to handle the Manischewitz account and, better, give Benson a foot in the door with the Chevy business (though Benson doesn't seem to realize this is part of Cutler's efforts to stage a coup within the merged firm). When Pete voices concerns to Bob that the nurse he recommended, Manolo Colon, may be sexually abusing his mother, Bob says Manolo doesn't date women and then hints heavily at his own romantic feelings for Pete, which Pete, repulsed, rejects.
When Ken is injured and the senior partners assign Benson to take the lead on the Chevy account, potentially working closely with Pete (the head of Accounts), the angered Pete threatens Benson and is astonished when Benson threatens him in turn. Benson is later shown venting on the phone to Manolo, in fluent Castillian Spanish, about Pete's threatening Benson's future and saying it doesn't matter how nice Pete's mother is.
Pete proceeds to hire Duck Phillips to find Bob another job. Instead, Duck uncovers Bob's secret: much like Don Draper, Bob's adopted an assumed identity to compensate for an embarrassing and impoverished past. None of his college references check out; he's from a poor area of West Virginia; and he was the manservant of a leader of a blue blood firm—not an employee of the firm itself in the accounts department, as he had implied. Moreover, his name is likely a false one. Pete immediately thinks to expose Benson, but having learned from his experience trying to expose Don years earlier, decides to call a truce with Benson, laying out some ground rules to control Benson instead.
Bob appears shocked when Pete tells him Manolo (aka Marcos Constantine) has apparently eloped with Pete's mother and that she has "fallen" overboard and become lost at sea under mysterious circumstances. Pete flatly rejects the concept that Benson wasn't in on the situation and proceeds to try and strong-arm him out of Chevy's good books. Bob, maintaining his innocence of the Manolo situation, manipulates Pete into making a fool of himself at Chevy's headquarters, securing his own position. Around the same time, Roger Sterling sees that Bob is spending time with Joan and sending along gifts for Kevin. Roger confronts Bob and threatens him over his relationship with Joan, to which Benson insists that he and Joan are just "buddies". Bob is later seen carving the turkey at Joan's Thanksgiving, to Roger's surprise.
Glen Bishop.
Glen Bishop (Marten Weiner, son of series creator Matthew Weiner) is the son of Betty's neighbor, Helen Bishop. Aged 9 in Season 1 (1960), he develops a crush on Betty. One evening, when she is babysitting him, he purposely walks in on her while she is using the bathroom and looks at her for several seconds. Later he asks for a lock of her hair. She acquiesces, and when Helen discovers it, she forbids Glen to see the Drapers. Helen angrily confronts Betty in a supermarket, telling her he is just a "little boy". Offended, Betty slaps Helen's face, which a few women shoppers witness. Betty immediately leaves the market, and her friend Francine offers her support and reveals the incident has become a topic of neighborhood gossip. Late in Season 2, Glen is shown to have run away from home and is discovered to have been staying in the Drapers' playhouse. Glen and Betty comfort each other because they are both lonely and miserable. He proposes that Betty elope with him, but she instead calls his mother, which seems to kill his love for her. He returns in Season 4, working for his father at a Christmas tree lot, where he encounters Sally Draper and bonds with her over their now-shared experience as children in divorced families. After discovering that Sally hates living in her house with her mother, Glen breaks in with a friend and vandalizes it, but leaves Sally's room untouched and leaves a secret gift on her bed. Betty finds out about Glen's friendship with Sally and forbids him to see her, even going so far as to fire her housekeeper Carla when Carla allows Glen to see Sally one last time before they move to Rye. However, in Season 5, it is revealed that Glen still speaks to Sally regularly on the telephone from his dorm at the Hotchkiss School. In season 6, he and Rolo, a friend from Hotchkiss, bring alcohol when visiting Sally and her student hosts at Miss Porter's School. When Rolo makes an unwanted pass at Sally, she tells Glen, who trounces Rolo.
Helen Bishop.
Helen Bishop (Darby Stanchfield) is one of the Drapers' neighbors. She is a liberal divorcée with two children and a Mount Holyoke College graduate. Helen works in a jewelry store and volunteers for John F. Kennedy's presidential campaign. Her divorce and habit of taking long walks have made her the subject of gossip for women in the neighborhood. A further rift develops between Helen and Betty Draper when the former discovers that Betty has given Helen’s son Glen a lock of hair while babysitting him one evening. When Helen confronts Betty at the grocery store, Betty slaps her in the face. It is later discovered that Glen ran away from his home to stay in the Drapers' playhouse in the hopes of eloping with Betty; however, Betty calls Helen to retrieve her son, much to Glen's dismay. Betty later confides in Helen about her brief separation from Don, and the two seem to reach some kind of understanding.
Ida Blankenship.
Ida Blankenship (Randee Heller) is Bert Cooper's long-serving secretary. She remains an unseen character until the fourth season, when she is assigned as Don's secretary after his prior secretary, Allison, abruptly leaves following a one-night stand with Don. An older woman, Miss Blankenship has a tendency to annoy Don and his co-workers with her salty attitude and eccentric work performance, though she is quite experienced, having been a secretary for over 40 years. Her blunt and cantankerous demeanor starkly contrasts with those of her predecessors and the firm's other secretaries. However, she is exactly the type of secretary Don needs (which is why Joan assigned her to him), as she is not overawed by him and won't have an affair with him. In his tape recordings for his autobiography, Roger reveals he'd had an affair with Miss Blankenship early in his career, causing a rift between Cooper and himself. Roger implies she was sexually adventurous and aggressive, referring to her as the "Queen of Perversions". In one episode she is seen adjusting her wig during a conversation. Suffering from increasingly poor eyesight, she is absent from the office for a brief time, during which time she has cataract surgery. She dies, suddenly and unexpectedly, at her desk at Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce in the ninth episode of Season 4. Cooper mentions her birth year (thus revealing she was 67 years old when she died), stating: "She was born in 1898 in a barn. She died on the 37th floor of a skyscraper. She's an astronaut." Heartbroken over her death, Bert goes out of his way to make sure she has a nicely written obituary. Actress Randee Heller states she created Blankenship’s New York Jewish accent from the memory of her Yiddish-speaking grandparents.
Andrew and Dorothy Campbell.
Andrew Campbell (Christopher Allport) is Pete Campbell's father. He disapproves of Pete's profession and treats him with contempt. In Season 2, Andrew dies in the crash of American Airlines Flight 1; it is revealed that he has squandered his wife's fortune and family's inheritance on a lavish lifestyle and by donating large sums of money to Lincoln Center (and the Botanical Garden) to maintain the appearance that he is wealthy. In reality, Allport was killed in a snow avalanche while skiing in Southern California, and the episode of his character's death was dedicated to his memory.
Dorothy "Dot" Dyckman Campbell (Channing Chase) is Pete's somewhat detached mother, who communicates her disapproval of Pete and Trudy's exploration into adoption by referring to orphans as "someone else's discards". Insulted, Pete reveals the truth about the family's fortunes to his mother, leaving her stunned. Pete hates his mother and jokes with his brother Andrew about it, mentioning a childhood game called "rope" (perhaps in reference to wanting to hang her or to the 1948 Hitchcock movie "Rope"). By Season 6 she suffers extensive memory lapses and is diagnosed with some form of dementia. When Andrew foists her upon Pete, he is upset and annoyed with the situation, and must resort to exploiting her illness to keep her under control. Pete eventually hires Manolo, a Spanish nurse recommended to him by Bob Benson. Manolo initially works out quite well, but Dorothy begins implying that they are involved in a satisfying sexual relationship. Pete fires Manolo for sexually assaulting his mother, much to Dorothy's fury. Benson tells Peter Manolo is gay, leaving it ambiguous as to what is actually happening. In the season finale it is revealed Dorothy married Manolo on a cruise ship and later fell overboard, implying Manolo married her to receive her (non-existent) riches and pushed her from the ship. Pete and Bud later say that she is "with father now. In the ocean."
Bud and Judy Campbell.
Andrew "Bud" Campbell, Jr. (Rich Hutchman), Pete's elder brother, is an accountant. Their mother favors Bud, and following her husband's death, she refers to her sons as "salt and pepper". Bud reveals to Pete the precarious financial state their father has created and arranges for the liquidation of their mother's assets so that she can live comfortably. Judy (Miranda Lilley) is Bud's wife. Bud tells Pete that he and Judy have no plans to have children, and he lets slip to their mother Pete and Trudy's exploration of adoption. In Season 6, Bud is angry when Pete selects a third party investment bank to take SCDP public. In the episode "In Care Of", Bud and Pete tacitly agree to not pursue a potentially costly investigation of Manolo Colon, after learning he had eloped with their mother, who disappeared off the cruise ship on which they were honeymooning
Tammy Campbell.
Tamsin "Tammy" Vogel Campbell is Pete and Trudy's only child. The couple, who had difficulty conceiving, had consulted a fertility specialist and disagreed about whether or not to adopt (Trudy wanted to, Pete did not). Tammy was born sometime between September 7 and 10, 1965, right after Labor Day weekend, after a long and difficult labor (that took over two days). She is named a feminine variation of Thomas, after her maternal grandfather. Trudy's father accidentally spilled the beans when he told Pete that Trudy was pregnant; in the same conversation, Tom said he would give Pete $1,000 if the baby were a boy, and $500 if it were a girl.
Unbeknownst to Trudy, Tammy is not Pete's only child, as he had an unnamed baby boy in November 1960 with Peggy Olson, whom she gave away for adoption. Peggy lost her virginity to Pete and got pregnant the same night; she had started birth control pills that week, on Joan's advice, even though Peggy was a virgin, but they were not effective yet.
Émile Calvet.
Émile Calvet (Ronald Guttman) is Megan Calvet's often blunt father. Émile is an academic, an atheist, and a Marxist, and he does not approve of Don. In "Codfish Ball", we learn he has written a book, and Marie believes he is having an affair with his graduate teaching assistant. In turn, he seems bitter toward his wife, accusing her of infidelity; he is much closer to Megan than to Marie and urges Megan to pursue her dreams. Megan is frustrated with his politics, however, particularly with the attitudes he expresses following the assassinations of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Bobby Kennedy.
Marie Calvet.
Marie Calvet (Julia Ormond) is Megan's mother; she has other children and 10 grandchildren. Marie has a strained relationship with both Megan and Don, and dismisses Megan's wishes to become an actress, telling her the acting school shouldn't exploit the hopeless, and: "Not every little girl gets to do what she wants; the world cannot support that many ballerinas." Marie has a short affair with Roger Sterling, and Sally discovers her fellating Roger at Don's award dinner (in "Codfish Ball"), prompting Sally to tell Glen "the city is so dirty." Roger wants Marie to watch out for him while he takes LSD, but Marie tells Roger he is "too old" to take LSD, and she doesn't want to be his support; she then leaves him, causing Roger to take his second acid trip alone.
In season 6, Marie and Arnie Rosen flirt mildly, and Roger suggests she accompany the Drapers and him to a business dinner with Herb Rennick and his wife, Peaches. Roger stands them up, and an unhappy Marie makes insulting remarks in French about Peaches (who is in fact rather dull) to Megan. When Roger phones the house later that night to talk business with Don, Marie answers the phone, insults Roger, and hangs up on him, twice.
Carla.
Carla (Deborah Lacey) is a black woman who has worked as housekeeper for the Draper household since Sally's birth. Carla is shown to be the true maternal influence in Sally and Bobby's lives and is seen watching the children for extended periods of time, such as when Betty goes to Nevada to get a "Reno divorce" from Don. Carla continues to work for Betty after Betty divorces Don and marries Henry Francis, until Betty fires her for allowing Glen Bishop to visit Sally. Carla later telephones Henry because Betty would not give her a written reference for her job search.
Dawn Chambers.
Dawn Chambers (Teyonah Parris) becomes Don Draper's new secretary in season five. She is the only African-American employee at SCDP, hired after the firm places an "equal opportunity employer" ad in a stunt against rival firm Y&R. To their surprise, many African-Americans to apply to work there, and the partners, feeling pressured, decide to hire one of the female candidates and choose Dawn. Peggy Olson befriends Dawn in the third episode of season 5 ("Mystery Date"). Dawn proves herself competent at her job and develops a good working relationship with Don, becoming the only one of his young secretaries, since Peggy, who doesn't sleep with him. In the season six episode "To Have and to Hold", Joan reprimands Dawn for covering for Harry Crane's secretary by punching her out five hours after the secretary has already left the building. Dawn becomes panicked by the accusation, as she feels she is perpetually at risk of being fired, and she proposes that Joan dock her pay. Quietly impressed and unable to fire Dawn without causing issues for the firm, Joan "punishes" Dawn by putting her in charge of the stockroom and time cards. Little is initially known about Dawn, but in "To Have and to Hold", it is revealed, through a conversation with her best friend, that she feels lonely and alienated as the only black employee at SCDP and, due to her long hours there, she has little opportunity to date. She also comments on SCDP's dysfunctional work environment, where many people are mean to each other and women cry in the bathroom. In season 6's "The Flood", Don and Joan, largely untouched by the struggles of the Civil Rights Movement, connect with the assassination of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King by empathizing with Dawn over the tragedy. Dawn seems bewildered by Joan's sympathetic hug and insists on remaining at work when Joan and Don suggest she go home.
Ted Chaough.
Ted Chaough (Kevin Rahm) (pronounced "Chaw"), is a self-proclaimed rival of Don Draper's in the advertising world. His agency, Cutler Gleason and Chaough (CGC), was in competition with SCDP for an account with Honda and picked up Don's resigned accounts Clearasil and Belle Jolie. CGC's other named partners are Jim Cutler and Frank Gleason. Don tricked Ted into making an expensive presentation to Honda executives, which backfired on Ted as he violated Honda's presentation rules (no finished work or commercials allowed at the presentation). Though the two agencies are comparable in size, Chaough seems obsessed with competing against Don, behaving in a magnanimous and jesting manner whenever Don crosses Ted's path. Ted tried to woo Pete Campbell over to his agency, but Pete remained loyal to Don. After Don writes a "New York Times" ad proclaiming that SCDP will be dropping business with cigarette companies for moral reasons, Ted makes a prank call to Don pretending to be Robert F. Kennedy. When Chaough returns in Season 5, he tries to recruit Peggy to leave SCDP and join his advertising firm. This time, Ted remains confident but is much less obnoxious than in his previous appearances; he doesn't indulge his typical dislike and jealousy of Don to Peggy, and that helps her decide to accept his offer, which in the season finale has him assigning her a huge amount of material involving an account for cigarettes aimed at female consumers.
When, in Season 6, Peggy shares Stan's SCDP insider information with Ted, that the Heinz Ketchup executive had met surreptitiously with SCDP but there was friction between him and the Heinz Beans executive (a SCDP client), Ted pressures Peggy to "find out everything you know about Heinz Ketchup". In "To Have and To Hold", Chaough's team encounters Don's in the hallway in front of the room where firms are making their Heinz pitches, and Don is shocked to see Peggy there—in the end, Heinz chooses a third (larger) firm, and in addition, the Heinz Beans executive drops SCDP because he is angry that they pitched to the Ketchup executive.
In "For Immediate Release," Ted and Don commiserate at a bar over their very low chances at winning the Chevy account, primarily due to the small size of their respective firms. Don spontaneously comes up with, and pitches, the idea that they should combine their firms so as to have a shot at competing with the major ad agencies. Ted agrees, and the two firms merge, much to the surprise of everyone concerned. In this same episode, Ted surprises Peggy by kissing her.
In "Man with a Plan", Ted's management style is shown to clash with Don's, as Ted tries to involve everyone and get their input, while Don primarily values his own opinion. Don decides to assert his authority by getting Ted drunk and letting him humiliate himself at a subsequent creatives meeting. Ted, however, gets his revenge by flying to a Mohawk Airlines meeting in a small plane in rainy, turbulent weather, with Ted in the pilot's seat and a visibly terrified Don as passenger. The two men also begin to clash over Peggy, with Don trying to get his protégé to take his side, while Ted tries to woo Peggy to his.
Ted meets with Peggy after the merger and expresses his interest in having a romantic relationship with her, but they agree that the relationship will be impossible given the circumstances. He also insists that because of his attraction to her, he must remain reserved in her presence. However, they ultimately begin a relationship and are not very subtle about it—they're seen giggling and paying attention only to each other, in the office, which annoys many of their colleagues.
After Don embarrasses Ted and Peggy in front of a client, Ted decides that he cannot be around Peggy anymore. However, seeing her dressed provocatively to go on a date with another man, Ted camps out at her door until she returns, professes his love for Peggy and sleeps with her, making plans to leave his family for her. However, by the next morning he changes his mind and pleads with Don to send him to California to work the new Sunkist account for SC&P. Don agrees, and Ted says goodbye to a devastated Peggy.
Toni Charles.
Toni Charles (Naturi Naughton) is an African-American Playboy Bunny with whom Lane Pryce has an extramarital affair in season 4, after his wife Rebecca and their son return to England. Their relationship comes to an abrupt end when Lane's father forces him to return to England and reconcile with Rebecca.
Cynthia Cosgrove.
Cynthia Cosgrove (Larisa Oleynik) (née Baxter) is Ken Cosgrove's wife and the daughter of Ed (Ray Wise), the CEO of Corning. Cynthia is a New York society girl, who appears to have moved in the same Manhattan social circles as the presumably older Trudy Campbell (with whom she gets along well). He calls Cynthia "his life" and does not want to use her or his future father-in-law to get business, claiming in season 4 he does not want to be like Pete Campbell. In the fifth season premiere, her character is listed during the credits as Cynthia Cosgrove, implying they were married between the fourth and fifth seasons. Cynthia appears as a background character in several episodes of season five. She is very supportive of Ken's work and his side hobby as an author. She and Ken live in Jackson Heights, Queens.
Jennifer Crane.
Jennifer Crane (Laura Regan) is Harry Crane's wife. Blonde and charismatic, Jennifer has the peculiarity of being a "working wife", at least until Season 3, holding a position as a supervisor at AT&T. She's from a working-class environment, and that has helped her keep her husband grounded. Solitary and generous, Jennifer has often tried to "fit in" with the more sophisticated circle of people surrounding Harry's workplace and has an unspoken rivalry of sorts with Trudy Campbell. She briefly threw Harry out of the house when he confessed to having a one-night stand with one of the secretaries, Hildy, but the two soon reconciled. She and Harry are parents to a daughter, Beatrice Grace, born in 1962.
Midge Daniels.
Midge Daniels (Rosemarie DeWitt) is an art illustrator engaged in an affair with Draper in season 1. She is involved with beatniks and several proto-hippies, smokes marijuana, and makes several references to Jack Kerouac and Allen Ginsberg. It appears Midge has other lovers besides Don, including one she may be in love with. When Don realizes she's in love with someone else, he ends their affair at the end of Season 1 and gives her the bonus he received at work. She reappears in the fourth season after tracking Don down at his office building. After leading him back to her apartment to meet her husband, her ruse to get Don to buy one of her paintings becomes clear, as does her addiction to heroin. Don gives her $120 in cash and leaves with one of her paintings.
Series creator Matt Weiner, admittedly influenced by Alfred Hitchcock, may have chosen Midge's character's name as a reference to Midge Wood, the illustrator portrayed by Barbara Bel Geddes in "Vertigo". "Daniels" may refer to Melanie Daniels, Tippi Hedren's character in "The Birds".
Anna Draper.
Anna M. Draper (Melinda Page Hamilton) is the widow of the real Don Draper, the man whose identity Dick Whitman stole after Don's death during the Korean War. Anna tracks Dick/Don down while he is working as a used car salesman and confronts him about her husband. Dick/Don tells her he died, and despite the circumstances of their meeting, Don and Anna become close friends. He buys her a house in California, Anna often serves as an understanding confidante to Don, and he stays with her whenever he's in Los Angeles. When Don meets Betty and wants to marry her, he must first get a "divorce" from Anna, which she grants him. He pays her another visit during his trip to California during the second season. Anna has a noticeable limp as a result of polio, and has a sister named Patty whom the true Don Draper was interested in before he married Anna. In the fourth season, Anna's niece Stephanie informs Don that Anna has terminal cancer, devastating him. Patty has kept the news from Anna, and Don eventually agrees to do the same. Several months later, Anna succumbs to her illness. Don sees an apparition of her smiling and holding a suitcase the night she dies. It is her death that inspires him to try and start a new life.
Abe Drexler.
Abe Drexler (Charlie Hofheimer) is Peggy Olson's boyfriend, beginning in season 4. Abe, who is Jewish, is a freelance journalist with strongly expressed liberal/leftist political views. He and Peggy first meet at a loft party in a sweatshop. Another meeting is engineered by their mutual friend Joyce Ramsay, where Abe's progressive views on race, combined with his mild sexist attitude, rub Peggy the wrong way. When he brings her a piece he wrote condemning the capitalist attitudes of Wall Street, which names some of the firms with which Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce is contracted, Peggy loses her temper with Abe. In spite of this, they later reconcile and become a couple. In the fifth season, Abe asks Peggy to move in together which, after some contemplation and Joan's encouragement, Peggy accepts. Despite some problems (including criticism from Peggy's mother, who objects both to the fact that Abe is not Catholic, as well as the fact that Peggy has chosen to live with a man to whom she is not married), they settle into a life together, eventually purchasing (midway through season 6) a run down building on the Upper West Side, which they renovate and live in. Peggy and Abe become increasingly frustrated with the different directions their lives are taking, and after a serious incident in which Peggy accidentally stabs him, Abe ends the relationship.
Suzanne Farrell.
At the beginning of Season 3, Suzanne Farrell (Abigail Spencer) is Sally Draper's homeroom teacher. She engages in an extended period of flirtation with Don, and they eventually enter into a sexual relationship. Suzanne is depicted as having a degree of idealism and shows hints of the "flower child" culture that will bloom in the late 1960s. Farrell lives in an apartment above the garage of a single-family, detached house. Her younger brother, Danny (Marshall Allman), suffers from epileptic seizures and as a result has become something of a drifter, unable to keep a job for very long. At the end of Season 3, Don signals a desire to strengthen his and Suzanne's relationship, but his plans are scuttled when Betty unexpectedly returns home from a vacation and confronts Don about his past.
Lee Garner, Jr..
Lee Garner, Jr. (Darren Pettie) is an executive at Lucky Strike, a cigarette company with a very long relationship with Sterling Cooper that began with Roger's father. Boorish, bossy, boozy, and womanizing, Lee's behavior is accepted because his father runs the company and Lucky Strike represents the lion's share of Sterling Cooper's business.
Season 3 reveals that Lee Garner, Jr. has homosexual or bisexual tendencies, as he brusquely propositions Sal Romano, only to be rebuffed by the still closeted man. Not taking the rejection lightly, Garner, Jr. uses his clout to have Sal fired from Sterling Cooper. As Don explains to Sal after Roger fires him, "Lucky Strike can shut off our lights" and the agency could thus not risk losing the account
In Season 4, Garner invites himself to the SCDP's 1964 Christmas party, forcing the company to overstep its tight budget in order to make the party a grander affair for their most important client. At the party, Garner humiliates Roger by forcing him to dress up in a Santa suit. Several months later, Garner abruptly informs Roger Sterling that Lucky Strike will be ending their business with SCDP, sending the agency into crisis.
Lee Garner, Sr..
Lee Garner, Sr. (John Cullum) is an executive at Lucky Strike, a cigarette company with a very long relationship with Sterling Cooper. A proud, no-nonsense man in his seventies, he and Bert Cooper go way back. He turns executive power over to his son due to health issues.
Father Gill.
Father John Gill (Colin Hanks) is a young Catholic priest in a visiting ministry at the church Peggy's family attends in Brooklyn. He first appears in the Season 2 episode "Three Sundays". The fact that he is a Jesuit priest is indicated by the "S.J." after his name on church bulletins in the same episode. He asks Peggy for advice about public speaking and advertising church events (such as a youth dance) after learning about her employment in advertising, and changes the style of his Palm Sunday sermon to include more colloquialisms and to be more accessible to his congregation after listening to Peggy's criticisms; he later gives her a copy of the sermon. He learns about Peggy's pregnancy during the confession of Peggy's sister, Anita, and he appears to take an interest in bringing Peggy more fully into the church community. His progressiveness manifests itself at the end of "A Night to Remember", when he pulls out a guitar and begins to sing a folk-gospel song (which would have been associated with Protestantism and considered rather radical at the time; the Second Vatican Council had only been called the previous Christmas, and had yet to convene). He subtly indicates to Peggy that he would hear her confession if she wished, stating that "no sin is too great for God." Additionally, he expresses a desire for her to receive the Eucharist. However, Peggy is uncertain how involved she wishes to become in the church community and in the Catholic faith, although she appreciates Father Gill's friendship. Their relationship is a bit strained by the fact that Anita's confession, including the particulars of Peggy's pregnancy, was based on a mistaken assumption about the identity of the child's father. Peggy later confides to Don that her whole family believes he was the father because he was the only non-family member to visit her in the hospital. At the end of Season 2, after a confrontation with Father Gill over the nature of sin and forgiveness, Peggy decides to define her own spiritual faith and leave the Church.
Francine Hanson.
Francine Hanson (Anne Dudek) is one of Betty Draper's closest friends and neighbors. She spends many afternoons gossiping with Betty about the neighborhood's newest resident, divorcée Helen Bishop. Francine, married to a man named Carlton, is pregnant in season 1 and gives birth to a baby girl named Jessica. Francine confides to Betty that she thinks Carlton is having an affair. The clues—secret phone calls to Manhattan and the fact that Carlton sleeps at the Waldorf two nights a week—make her wish she could just poison him. Even Don is uncomfortable with Carlton, who confides his attraction to Jessica's young babysitter. By season 2 the couple has reconciled somewhat; Carlton appears to have gained weight, and the insinuation is food has become a substitute for womanizing.
Greg Harris.
Dr. Greg Harris (Samuel Page) is Joan's ex-husband (as of Season 5). During his engagement to Joan in Season 2, she brings him with her to Sterling Cooper to close up, at which time - feeling threatened by Joan's rapport with Roger - he rapes her on the floor of Don's office. After failing to become chief surgical resident because his brown-nosing and entitlement do not make up for his sub-par surgical skills, he whines at length to Joan and insults her, and she smashes a vase over his skull. Greg later decides to join the Army, which is desperate for surgeons, not believing he may be shipped to the front line in Vietnam. He does not consult Joan prior to enlisting, but before leaving for basic training he states his desire to start a family. After basic training, Greg is sent directly to Vietnam. While there, he learns that Joan is pregnant, but is unaware that Roger Sterling is the father.
In Season 5, Greg returns from his initial deployment but tells Joan that he has been ordered to return to Vietnam for another year. However, at a homecoming dinner with Joan's mother and Greg's parents, it becomes clear that Greg volunteered to return, contrary to what he told Joan, preferring the status and respect his rank confers to being with his family. Joan is furious and tells him to leave and not come back. When he tells her the army makes him feel like a "good man", she tells him he was never a good man, implicitly referencing the rape. He storms out, and a few months later serves Joan with divorce papers at the office, humiliating and infuriating her.
Conrad Hilton.
Conrad "Connie" Hilton (Chelcie Ross) is the fictional portrayal of Conrad Hilton, the real founder of the Hilton Hotels chain. He first meets Don Draper, who presumes Conrad is a bartender, at a country club where Don is a guest at Roger Sterling's Kentucky Derby party and Connie is a guest at a wedding reception. They share their hardscrabble beginnings and laugh about Don's urinating in the trunks of fancy clients' cars at the roadhouse where he worked as a valet. Connie later seeks out Don's help with an advertising campaign, and thus becomes a Sterling Cooper client. He is known to call Don during the middle of the night and to show up in Don's office unannounced, and he gives Don the heads up that Sterling Cooper will be bought by McCann Erickson during the third season. Connie is behind Sterling Cooper's forcing Don to sign an employment contract with the agency.
Gene Hofstadt.
Eugene "Gene" Hofstadt (Ryan Cutrona) is Betty's elderly father, who does not approve of Don. A veteran of World War I, he first appeared in the first season when, several months after his wife's death, he began dating another woman, Gloria Massey, upsetting Betty. He married Gloria sometime between November 1960 and April 1962. In 1962, Gene suffered a series of strokes that left him with slowed facilities and short-term memory loss. He becomes repeatedly "confused", believing himself to be back in the army or in the midst of prohibition; he once even fondled his daughter Betty, when he mistook her for his late wife. He also becomes more openly critical of Don, berating him in front of others and accusing him of not appreciating Betty; Don later tells Betty that he and Gene have a kind of mutual hatred for one another. His declining health eventually leads to Gloria's leaving him in early 1963 and his coming to live with the Drapers. He becomes especially close with his granddaughter, Sally Draper, before dying in June 1963, shortly before his second grandson is born. Betty names her son "Gene" in honor of her father.
William and Judy Hofstadt.
William Hofstadt (Eric Ladin) is Betty Draper's younger brother. He and his wife Judy (Megan Henning) have two daughters. William and Betty disagree over the disposition of their father's house (Betty does not want William to live there) and over how their father will be cared for as his health deteriorates. Judy seems to be a warm and kind caregiver for Gene.
Hollis.
Hollis (La Monde Byrd) is the elevator operator in the Sterling Cooper building on Madison Avenue. He occasionally interacts with the Sterling Cooper staff. At one point, Don pays Hollis to pretend the elevator is out of service, in order to teach Roger Sterling a lesson for coming on to Betty. Pete also tries to engage him in conversation about product preferences (for television brands), which Hollis seems uninterested in. Paul addresses Hollis in an uncharacteristically familiar fashion, when trying to impress Paul's African American girlfriend, Sheila. On the day Marilyn Monroe's death is announced, Hollis expresses sympathy for Joe DiMaggio, in contrast to some female characters (such as Joan), who mourn Marilyn, and male characters (such as Roger), who appear emotionally unaffected.
Gail Holloway.
Gail Holloway (Christine Estabrook) is Joan's mother, who comes to stay with Joan after Joan's son Kevin is born. She first appears in Season 5's opener "A Little Kiss" and remains as a recurring character through much of that season; she again appears in numerous season 6 episodes, beginning with "To Have and to Hold". Gail is supportive of Joan, but their relationship is also somewhat tense. She does not understand why Joan would want to return to work, thinking she should instead be content to be a full-time wife and mother, and she makes several disparaging comments to that effect. Joan, in turn, makes several references suggesting that Gail may have a drinking problem. Gail strikes up a flirtation with the apartment building's handyman, Apollo, of which Joan disapproves, until Apollo's wife forbids him to go to their apartment. Gail remains with Joan after Joan throws Greg out, but continues to be condescending about her daughter's job and failed marriage, frequently manipulating Joan's dependency on her to get her own way. In the season 6 episode "To Have and to Hold", Gail surprises Joan when she tells Joan's childhood friend Kate she is proud of her daughter's having become a partner at a Madison Avenue firm. In "Man with a Plan", Gail advises Joan to accept Bob Benson's friendship (and possibly more), as not every act of kindness is a front.
John Hooker.
John Hooker (Ryan Cartwright), an Englishman, is Lane Pryce's assistant during season three. His title is "secretary", but he insists his status is higher than that of the other secretaries at Sterling Cooper. He tells Joan, "I'm Mr. Pryce's right arm; I'm not his typist." To this end, he asks that the switchboard operators address him as "Mr. Hooker" rather than just "John". He assumes Joan's position as office manager after her departure to become a housewife. A variety of Sterling Cooper employees refer to John as "Moneypenny", much to his chagrin. His officious, self-important manner annoys nearly everyone in the office, particularly Joan and including Lane and Rebecca Pryce, who call him a "toad". When the primary partners abandon the company to form Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce, John is left to deal with the Puttnam, Powell & Lowe executives, who are infuriated.
Mac Johnson.
Mac Johnson (Morgan Rusler) is Dick and Adam Whitman's father figure following Archie's death. In the aftermath of Archie's death, the Whitmans lost the family farm, and Abigail took up with Mac, who. He first appears during the first season in "Babylon"- in which Don flashes back to his brother's birth. In the sixth season, it was revealed that Mac was the pimp of a brothel in Hershey, Pennsylvania. At the season's end, Don attempts to be more honest about his life and shows his children where he grew up. While Abigail was cruel and spiteful to Dick, Mac was described as being nice to him. However, he is shown to not intervene on Dick's behalf in stopping Abigail's abusive treatment. According to Adam, Mac died shortly after Abigail passed away due to cancer.
Joy.
Joy (Laura Ramsey) is a young woman Don meets in California (in the Season 2 episode, "The Jet Set"), whom he impulsively abandons Pete and his business obligations to go off with. She belongs to a group of wealthy, sexually liberal, bohemian tax exiles who live lavishly and travel from place to place but display no work ethic or means of support. Both Joy and her father seem attracted to Don. One of their entourage is a "Doctor Feelgood" type, whom Don fends off to avoid receiving an injection of an unknown substance, after Don collapses by the pool and comes to on Joy's couch. When Don asks Joy about a book she is reading, she explains she had enrolled in a literature class while staying in Rhode Island, but "it was not for ". During a late night skinnydip with Joy, Don meets her brother, who is estranged from his wife, and his children, who are roughly the same ages as Don's, and Don offers them his and Joy's bedroom. Though enticed to join the group in their travels, Don declines.
Edna Keener.
Dr. Edna Keener (Patricia Bethune) is a child psychiatrist whom Betty takes Sally to see when Sally's behavior at home becomes too much for Betty to handle; Betty also confides in Dr. Edna. After making progress with Sally, she recommends reducing her number of sessions per week, which Betty objects to. Dr. Edna suggests that Betty herself seek some psychiatric help, but Betty elliptically convinces Dr. Edna to continue reserving time for Betty to "discuss Sally's progress" with her. (See "Blowing Smoke".)
Gloria Massey.
Gloria Hofstadt, née Massey (Darcy Shean), is Gene Hofstadt's second wife, whom her stepchildren Betty and Wiiliam despise. Gloria tries to hide the extent of Gene's illness in Season 2. In Season 3, Gloria is not seen, but Betty's brother William discovers that Gloria, unable to deal with Gene's deteriorating condition, has left him and moved to Boca Raton.
Carol McCardy.
Carol McCardy (Kate Norby) works at a literary agency and is Joan Holloway's roommate in Season 1. One night she musters the courage to confess to Joan that she has loved her since they met the first week in college, but Joan pretends to ignore her romantic advances.
Daisy McClusky.
Daisy McClusky (Danielle Panabaker) is a stewardess for Northwest Airlines. She has recurring sexual relationship with Roger Sterling and notifies him when potential clients are on her flights, even detaining those clients until Roger arrives and potentially losing someone's luggage. Daisy's assistance has its limits, however, as she will not do anything that actually harms business (such as bump SCDP's rivals from her flights altogether).
Rachel Menken.
Rachel Katz (née Menken; Maggie Siff) is the Jewish head of a department store who becomes romantically involved with Draper after she comes to Sterling Cooper in search of an advertising agency to revamp her business' image. Don’s first encounter with Rachel, in Episode 1, is at a meeting where he pitches the idea of using coupons to attract more customers to the store. Rachel disagrees with the tactic, asserting that she would like to attract wealthier customers. Draper is unhappy with hearing a woman talk to him assertively at the business table. He storms out of the meeting, but Roger later asks him to reconcile with Ms. Menken, as she is worth $3 million. At his dinner with Rachel, Don questions her desire to work in business, confused that she would choose the “stress” of work over the comforts of married life. Rachel confidently replies that business is a thrill and adds that she’s never been in love. Don mocks this addition, asserting that love doesn’t exist; it was invented by admen. He goes on to say that everyone is essentially alone – that we live alone and die alone. Rachel responds that she knows what it’s like to be disconnected and feel out of place, and she sees that in Don. Something about the statement seems to intrigue Don, but Rachel ends the meeting, promising to come back to Sterling Cooper for another meeting on Monday morning.
At the second meeting, in Episode 3, Rachel is irked that none of the admen on her team have been to her store. Don solves the problem by going there with Rachel. While there she gives him a pair of medieval knight cuff links and takes him to her favorite place in the store – the roof - where the store keeps its patrol dogs. Rachel explains that she was always close to the dogs as a young girl because her father liked to work a lot. Other than her sister, the dogs were her only companions, as her mother died while giving birth to her. After her revelation, Don kisses her. He tells her he is married, which stuns her. She feels foolish and asks that he put someone else on her account at the firm.
In Episode 10, when Roger has a heart attack, Don goes to Rachel’s apartment and asks to come in; he has been highly affected by Roger’s condition. She keeps her distance, while trying to console him. Don tries to kiss her, telling her she knows everything about him. She stops him and urges him to go to his wife. At this point Don kisses her again, saying, “This is it. This is all there is". She consents, and their affair begins. Episode 10 ends with Don's confiding in Rachel the nature of his upbringing.
When Pete Campbell blackmails Don, he comes to Rachel with the suggestion that they run away together to Los Angeles. She reminds him of his duty to his children and questions whether he would want to abandon his children after having grown up without a father. When Don persists, Rachel comes to the realization that he doesn't want to run away with her; he just wants to run away. She calls him a coward. Their relationship seems to collapse from that point on. Apparently Rachel was so upset due to her breakup with Don that her father complained to Bert Cooper who in turn asked Don, "Why is this man calling me?" Cooper later reports she was sent on an extended "ocean cruise" to heal her psyche.
Don encounters her again in season 2, while he is dining out with Bobbie Barrett. Rachel introduces them to her husband, Tilden Katz. Though it appears that Don is only momentarily shaken by the news of Rachel's marriage, several episodes later, after drinking heavily with Roger and Freddie Rumsen, he gives his name as "Tilden Katz" to a bouncer outside an underground club Roger is trying to get them into.
Faye Miller.
Dr. Faye Miller (Cara Buono) is a psychologist and freelance consultant who provides market research for Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce. She is a tough and independent "modern woman" whom Peggy admires. Although she wears a wedding ring, she admits to Don this is merely a ruse to ward off unwanted advances. She later shares that her father, "a handsome, two-bit gangster like owns a candy store and has friends and "obligations" connected to the mob. Don, after initially denigrating her approach to advertising and overhearing her lambaste an estranged lover on the phone, during which she reveals she does not cook and does not want to clean up after him, takes an interest in her. Eventually, the two embark on a secret romantic relationship, during which time Don expresses admiration for her work. When Sally stows away on a train and a stranger brings her to Don's office, Faye reveals her discomfort with children and (though Sally liked her) her fear that she'd failed some test, as a result. Don later confides to Faye about his past as Dick Whitman and his fears the security clearance investigation Pete's defense industry client has ordered will expose and ruin him; Faye advises him to face the problem and come clean. Faye quits working with SCDP after Don submits a full-page ad to "The New York Times" saying SCDP will no longer work with tobacco companies (as her firm continues to do so). He also convinces her to put her ethics aside (and breach the "Chinese wall") to use her connections to try and get his struggling firm meetings with clients; her partner secures a meeting with a tobacco company, which falls through, and she secures a meeting with Heinz Beans, for whose advertising campaign Megan Calvet Draper and Peggy Olson ultimately win a CLIO Award. After Don impulsively becomes engaged to Megan, he breaks off his relationship with Faye, who is older, more worldly, and more accomplished professionally but lacks Megan's rapport with Don's children. Faye is extremely upset by the news and tells Don he "only like[s the beginnings of things".
Anita Olson Respola and Jerry Respola.
Anita Olson Respola (Audrey Wasilewski) is Peggy's older sister. She is married to Jerry Respola, who has a bad back, and has three young children. The youngest baby was born soon after Peggy's. Anita is sometimes judgmental and harsh like her mother and shares Katherine's anger about Peggy's pregnancy, although she is supportive of Peggy when Katherine reacts badly to news of Peggy's move to Manhattan. Anita reveals Peggy's secret to Father Gill while taking confession.
Katherine Olson.
Katherine Olson (Myra Turley) is Peggy and Anita's mother. Peggy's relationship with her mother is strained, as Katherine does not understand Peggy's focus on her career rather than on finding a husband and has not forgiven her daughter for having a child out of wedlock. She disapproves of Peggy's decisions to move to Manhattan and later, to live with Abe, less because of their religious differences than her nihilistic view that Abe's relationship with Peggy is merely practice for the real family he will someday have with someone else. She harshly tells her daughter that loneliness is no excuse for shacking up and to simply buy a series of cats for companionship until she passes away. A devout Catholic, Katherine is vocally critical of Father Gill's style of preaching and informal grace at dinner, during season two.
Burt Peterson.
Burt Peterson (Michael Gaston) is an account executive at Sterling Cooper until 1963, when Roger Sterling fires him in "Out of Town". In "Man With a Plan" (season 6, episode 7), he is employed by SCDP as part of their merger with CGC, but is let go when the enormous new firm is pared down (unbeknownst to Burt, Joan sacrificed him to save Bob Benson). Roger takes great pleasure in firing Burt again, which does not entirely track with the way Roger outwardly reacted previously, when Burt was fired upon direct orders from the new British owners and his dismissal was seen as a travesty. Duck Phillips later tells Pete Campbell that he used his new job as a headhunter to find Burt a Senior VP position at the high-powered McCann Erickson advertising agency.
Phoebe.
Phoebe (Nora Zehetner) is a nurse who lives down the hall from Don Draper's Greenwich Village apartment. She invites Don to her Christmas party and, later, when she finds him unsteadily trying to unlock his apartment door, she helps him to bed and fends off a pass from him. She confides that her father was an alcoholic, too. Don hires her to watch Sally and Bobby one evening, when he is out with Bethany Van Nuys. Unfortunately, Sally cuts her own hair while on Phoebe's watch, angering Don, who has to deal with the aftermath from Betty.
St. John Powell.
St. John Powell (pronounced "SINjin") (Charles Shaughnessy) is the managing director of London-based advertising firm Putnam, Powell, and Lowe ("PP&L"). In Season 2, Duck Phillips meets with Powell and Alec Martin to propose that PP&L buy out Sterling Cooper. At that meeting, Powell goads Duck into drinking alcohol, which results in Duck's falling off the wagon. Powell eventually makes an offer that is accepted. At end of Season 2, Powell and Martin witness Duck's drunken rant against Don, which results in Duck's being pushed out of Sterling Cooper. Powell is the architect of PP&L's sale to McCann Erickson, keeping the information from Lane Pryce and the rest of the Sterling Cooper staff. He later fires Pryce for "lack of character," furious that Pryce has conspired with Sterling, Cooper, and Draper to break their contracts and steal key clients.
Rebecca Pryce.
Rebecca Pryce (Embeth Davidtz) is Lane Pryce's wife of 18 years. Born to an upperclass British family, she's stylish, polite, and kindly, if a bit snooty. She follows Lane to New York in Season 3 but suffers the strain of culture shock, and by Season 4 she returns to London, with their son, Nigel, in tow. After a brief separation, and Lane's infidelity with a black Playboy Bunny, they apparently smooth over their problems, and Rebecca moves back to New York to reconcile. She is stunned by his suicide and combines her genuine grief over losing him and the general contempt she viewed him with when she angrily says SCDP is at fault because they filled "a man like that with ambition". She also astutely realizes the USD$50,000 check Don gives her, reimbursing Lane's partnership fee, is worth less than Lane's contribution to the firm.
Robert Pryce.
Robert Pryce (W. Morgan Sheppard) is Lane Pryce's stern father. Originally from a middle class British background, he is a retired surgical equipment supplier. He has a complicated love/hate relationship with his son, whom he dominates, sometimes by physically violent means, in order to make him "take action and sort his problems", to "put his house in order". Lane once described him to Don as "one of those alcoholics that thinks he's collecting."
Joyce Ramsay.
Joyce Ramsay (Zosia Mamet) works as an assistant photo editor at "Life" magazine in the Time-Life Building, where Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce is located. Peggy meets her in the elevator and the two quickly become friends; Joyce introduces Peggy to the counter-culture scene of the early 1960s. Joyce is a lesbian and hangs out with a bohemian crowd, introducing Peggy to Peggy's boyfriend Abe Drexler at a loft party in a sweatshop. She later engineers a meeting between Abe and Peggy; although the meeting ends badly, Peggy remains friends with Joyce. That summer, Joyce reunites Abe and Peggy by giving both a ride home from the beach in Joyce's crowded car.
Arnold Rosen.
Dr. Arnold "Arnie" Rosen (Brian Markinson) - Sylvia's husband and Mitchell's father - is a heart surgeon who lives in Don and Megan's building. He and Don establish a relatively close friendship which may or may not be based on mutual jealousy of each other's seemingly more interesting profession (and Arnie's acknowledgement of Don's superior height and good looks). When Arnie is trapped in Washington, DC, during the riots following the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., a visibly distressed Don (who is in love with Sylvia) tries to reach him several times. Arnold quits his job in New York when his hospital nixes plans for him to perform a revolutionary, life-saving cardiac transplant.
Mitchell Rosen.
Mitchell Rosen is Arnold and Sylvia's son. He attends college in Michigan and is studying overseas in Paris during the 1968 student riots there. When he rips up and sends back his draft card, he seems certain to be drafted, but Don arranges with Ted to get Mitchell into the National Guard to avoid his going to Vietnam.
Sylvia Rosen.
Sylvia Rosen (Linda Cardellini) is Arnie's wife, Mitchell's doting mother, and Don's mistress for much of the sixth season. She is Italian, a plumber's daughter, and a housewife who (unlike Megan) affects visible displays of her Catholicism (wearing a Catholic crucifix and displaying Catholic icons in her bedroom), while her husband is implied to be Jewish. Sylvia is strong-willed and intelligent, and like Don expresses interest in ending their liaison eventually. She is also friendly with Megan; this relationship significantly contributes to her ending her affair with Don, after she dreams that he died in a plane crash and she had to comfort Megan at the funeral. Don is heartbroken after Sylvia breaks it off, but she reminds him that he was happy with Megan once and can be so again. Elements of Sylvia's physical appearance (brunette hair and a facial mole) and her wearing a headwrap and kimono remind Don of his stepmother Abigail and of the maternal prostitute who aggressively took his virginity, Aimee Svenson.
When Don arranges with Ted to get Mitchell into the National Guard to avoid going to Vietnam, Sylvia is overcome by the favor and falls back into bed with Don, but Don's adolescent daughter Sally walks in on them. Sylvia reacts vehemently with guilt as Don runs after Sally.
Lois Sadler.
Lois Sadler (Crista Flanagan) starts as a switchboard operator in Season 1, who has a crush on Sal Romano based on his phone conversations and voice. In Season 2, she has become Don's secretary but is depicted as being incompetent; Don eventually fires her for embarrassing him. By the end of Season 2, she is back on the switchboard and gives Harry, Paul, and Ken information about the upcoming merger that she has overheard in telephone conversations. In Season 3, she is Paul's secretary. In the episode, Guy Walks Into an Advertising Agency, she accidentally runs over a British executive's foot with a tractor.
Danny Siegel.
Danny Siegel (Danny Strong) is Jane Sterling's cousin, for whom Roger Sterling arranges an interview at Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce. Don and Peggy find his book laughable and decide not to hire him. However, during a pitch meeting for Life cereal, Don inadvertently uses one of Danny's ideas, which ends up being a big hit. Peggy calls Don out on what he did and persuades him to make things right, so he brings Danny in to pay for his idea. Unfortunately, Danny is more interested in employment than being paid for one idea, so Don ends up hiring him. Siegel ends up generally fitting in well with the rest of the younger staffers, though he remains somewhat clueless. Danny is one of the first people let go from SCDP after it loses the Lucky Strike account, and Don and Peggy are visibly upset when they have to fire him. However, he takes the news gracefully and thanks them for the opportunity they'd given him. Danny reappears in Season 6, and prefers to be called "Daniel P. Siegel", as he has become a hippie type who has found real success working as a Hollywood producer. When Roger is gleefully rude and demeaning to him, tries to pick up Danny's much taller hippie date, Lotus, and implies that he enjoys hurting Danny, Danny smiles a bit and then punches Roger in the testicles, leaving his former boss doubled over in pain as Daniel walks away with Lotus in tow.
"Smitty" Smith and Kurt Smith.
"Smitty" Smith (Patrick Cavanaugh) and Kurt Smith (Edin Gali) are a young copywriter/art director team hired by Don at the beginning of the second season. "Smitty" is an American, and often has to explain the complexities of American culture to the European Kurt. They always work together. Kurt is a fan of Bob Dylan's (whose career was still in its early stages in 1962, when the season is set) and arranges to take Peggy to a concert. Kurt is also openly gay, which causes quite a stir in the office when he casually reveals as much in the breakroom and quickly dispels the assumption that he is pursuing a romantic relationship with Peggy. Peggy, who had been romantically interested in him, is forced to give the impression that she knew all along and that she is more liberal than she really is. After complaining to Kurt that she always picks the wrong guys, he advises Peggy to adopt a trendier appearance and provides her with a new trademark hairstyle. Smitty is known to indulge in smoking marijuana, as does Paul Kinsey. Smitty is seen working for rival advertising company CGC in the fourth season, implying that Kurt is working there as well. He speaks glowingly of Don Draper when asked to describe him, which makes Ted envious. In the season 3 episode "My Old Kentucky Home", Smitty tells Peggy he is a graduate of the University of Michigan.
Jane Sterling (née Siegel).
Jane Sterling (née Siegel) (Peyton List) begins as a secretary at Sterling Cooper; she is assigned to Don in the second season and becomes a magnet for her male colleagues. Joan reprimands her for her attire. As she confided to Roger (in "The Gold Violin"), she shopped at Klein's and (to Roger's amusement) lived on Jane Street.
Jane clashes frequently with Joan and is about to be fired when she successfully seeks Roger's intervention on her behalf. Shortly afterward, she begins an affair with Roger and he leaves his family for her. He quickly proposes out of the blue one morning in the episode "The Jet Set"; she accepts, and they become engaged towards the end of Season 2. By the start of Season 3, she and Roger are married. Their marriage in Season 3 is depicted as tense. Jane is shown to be a heavy drinker, and she is repeatedly rejected by Roger's daughter Margaret, who is two years younger than she. However, despite the perceived tension, Roger repeatedly says his new marriage makes him happy because of Jane's youth and carefree personality. As a favor to Jane, Roger forces Don to hire her cousin Danny Siegel, despite Danny's unimpressive portfolio and job interview.
For a long time after their wedding, Roger refuses to cheat on Jane (something he repeatedly did with his first wife Mona) and turns down the advances of an old flame. Roger does eventually cheat on Jane with his former mistress, Joan Harris.
In season five, Roger and Jane take LSD together, mutually realize their marriage has failed, and agree to divorce. Roger later recruits Jane to pretend to still be his wife for a client dinner, as the clients are Jewish and he thinks her half-Jewish background will help win the account. She agrees on the condition that he buy her a new apartment, which he does. After the client dinner, Roger asks to see the new apartment. They sleep together there, and afterward Jane is heartbroken and miserable because their sexual encounter has ruined her fresh start in her new apartment away from Roger.
In the season six premier, Jane attends Roger's mother's memorial service and offers to return the family heirloom ring he gave her. However, Roger tells her to keep it.
Margaret Sterling Hargrove.
Margaret Sterling (Elizabeth Rice) is Roger and Mona Sterling's daughter. She reacts petulantly to her father's remarriage and refuses to speak to Jane. She is engaged to be married during season two and three, whines about Jane's attempts to befriend her, and dramatically complains to her father that Jane has ruined her life and will ruin her wedding by coming. John F. Kennedy is assassinated the day before her wedding; Margaret gets married anyway, though few guests come. In the season six premier, she is disappointed that her grandmother has not left her any money and asks her father to invest in her husband Brooks' refrigerator car technology venture. She has a son, Ellory, with Brooks. When Roger takes his grandson to see "Planet of the Apes", Ellory gets nightmares and Margaret furiously tells Roger that he can't spend time with him anymore without Mona present.
Mona Sterling.
Mona Sterling (Talia Balsam, the real-life wife of John Slattery) is Roger Sterling's first wife and the mother of his daughter, Margaret. Roger is frequently unfaithful to Mona, but after his heart attack in season one he appears to briefly re-devote himself to his family, ending his affair with Joan. However, in season two he leaves Mona for Don's secretary, Jane Siegel. In season 5, they seem to be on good terms after Roger has left Jane; Mona even agrees to help Roger drum up business, noting that he still supports Mona and their daughter. In the season 6 premier, Roger explodes in an angry outburst at Mona's new husband, Bruce Pike, whom she has brought to Roger's mother's memorial service.
Brooks Stanford Hargrove.
Brooks Hargrove (Derek Ray) is the dutiful fiance/husband of Roger Sterling's daughter Margaret. They were married on November 23, 1963, the day after John Kennedy was assassinated. In the season 6 premier, following Roger's mother's memorial service, Margaret asks her father to invest in Brooks' refrigerator car technology venture. Later in the season, she withdraws her Thanksgiving invitation because Roger declines to invest.
Bethany Van Nuys.
Bethany Van Nuys (Anna Camp) is a young aspiring actress with whom Jane Sterling set Don up to go on a date following his divorce from Betty. Blonde Bethany bears a superficial resemblance to Betty. On their first date (season 4, episode 1), when Don is dropping her off at the Barbizon Hotel for Women, she explains that she is in between acting roles and is working as a supernumerary. Don dates her periodically throughout the fourth season before becoming involved with Faye Miller.
Tom and Jeannie Vogel.
Thomas and Jeannie Vogel (Joe O'Connor and Sheila Shaw) are Trudy Campbell's parents. Tom is an executive at Vicks Chemical. In Season 1, he offers to help Pete and Trudy buy an apartment. Tom also offers to give Sterling Cooper the Clearasil account if Pete agrees to have a baby soon. In Season 2, after Trudy discovers she is unable to conceive, Tom pressures Pete to agree to adopt a child. When Pete refuses, Tom cancels the Clearasil account. At the end of Season 3, Pete gets the account back with Trudy's help. In Season 4, the agency drops Clearasil because of a conflict with a larger account (Pond's Cold Cream), but Pete is able to manipulate Tom into giving him several larger accounts from Tom's company. In Season 6, after Tom and Pete unexpectedly meet in a brothel, Tom pulls his company's accounts in hypocritical disgust at Pete's infidelity to Trudy.
Arnold Wayne.
Dr. Arnold Wayne (Andy Umberger) was Betty's psychiatrist during the first season, whom she saw because of her problem with her hands going numb unexpectedly. While she was seeing him, Dr. Wayne was secretly in contact with Don to discuss her sessions, which Betty found out about during the first season finale. She used that to her advantage, by confiding her suspicions about Don's infidelity.
Abigail Whitman.
Abigail Whitman is Dick Whitman's stepmother and Adam Whitman's mother, now deceased, who appears in Don/Dick's flashbacks. Abigail was married to Archibald Whitman and had recently miscarried, when the prostitute Archibald had impregnated died after delivering baby Dick. The midwife gave the newborn to Abigail (who had prayed for another child) and Archibald to raise, but Abigail resented Dick and regularly referred to him as a "whore's son."
When Archibald died and Abigail lost the farm, she - pregnant with Adam - brought Dick with her to stay with her sister and "Uncle Mack" in Pennsylvania, where both were to earn their keep helping out at Mack's whorehouse, and Abigail was to make herself available to Mack sexually. Aimee Swenson (who has a facial mole similar to Sylvia Rosen's), caught Don peeping through the keyhole when Mack was mounting the child-heavy Abigail. When Dick is ill and Abigail claims symptoms of tuberculosis and orders him to confine himself to the basement, Aimee hides Dick in her room, nurses him back to health tells him he only has a common cold, and that, "Your mother don't know how to care for anybody." Young Dick responds, "She ain't my mother." 
When Aimee gets evicted she reveals that she took Dick's virginity, and Abigail beat Dick severely with a wooden spoon while berating him.
When Adam found Don/Dick in New York City and told him Abigail had died, Don's response was, "Good".
Adam Whitman.
Adam Whitman (Jay Paulson) is Dick Whitman's half-brother. In the first season episode "5G", Adam is seen working as a janitor who tries to re-establish a relationship with Don after seeing his picture in a thrown-away newspaper. Initially unwilling to associate with Adam, Don agrees to meet him for lunch and later visits him at the cheap rooming house where Adam is staying. Don gives Adam $5,000 and asks him not to contact him again. Eventually, Adam mails a package to Don that contains old family photos and soon afterward, hangs himself. (Pete Campbell later appropriates the box and uses it to try to blackmail Don about Don's true identity.) Sometime later, when trying to reach Adam, Don discovers his brother has committed suicide.
As a boy, Adam saw Dick on the train that brought home "Dick's" body (actually that of Don Draper, whose identity Dick stole) from the Korean War and tried to tell his mother and "Uncle Mack", but they did not listen to him. Adam reappears in the final two episodes of season 5, as Don/Dick hallucinates mildly while suffering from a "hot tooth" that turns out to be abscessed. In one such scene, as Don is placed under anesthesia, he hallucinates Adam's standing over him, his neck bruised from his apparent self-hanging, stating, "It's not your tooth that's rotten."
Archie Whitman.
Archibald "Archie" Whitman (Joseph Culp) is Dick Whitman's late father. Archie impregnated a prostitute who died while giving birth to Dick. The midwife, who knew that Archie's wife, Abigail, had recently miscarried and prayed for a child, brought Dick to their home for Archie and Abigail to raise. However, Abigail always resented Dick and called him a "whore child". Archie and Abigail are birth parents of Dick's younger half-brother, Adam. Don tells Betty his father would "beat the hell out of him". There are other indications that Archie was a terrible father and a mean drunk; e.g., when Don was a child, a friendly drifter stayed with the Whitmans, told Dick that drifters leave signs carved on the front of a property to notify other hobos of the resident's character, and drew some of the signs for Dick. When the drifter left (after Archie reneged on a promise to pay for the drifter's labor), Dick found the sign for a dishonest person carved into the fence. While drunk, Archie was kicked in the face by his horse during a storm and was killed as a stunned Dick looked on.

</doc>
<doc id="18928059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928059" title="Beyuk-Mumbarak">
Beyuk-Mumbarak

Beyuk-Mumbarak is a village in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928063" title="Qaratala">
Qaratala

Qaratala is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 528.

</doc>
<doc id="18928072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928072" title="Uzuntala, Azerbaijan">
Uzuntala, Azerbaijan

Uzuntala, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18928075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928075" title="Sulkavan Suursoudut">
Sulkavan Suursoudut

Sulkavan Suursoudut is the world's biggest rowing race, held every July in Sulkava, Southern Savonia, Eastern Finland. It is organised by a Sulkava Association. In 2013, the 46th race will be held.
History.
The first competition was held in 1968 with 38 competitors. The winner was 67 year old Einari Luukkonen in a time of 8 hours 29 minutes and 40 seconds. 
The boats used in competitions are Finnish traditional style wooden rowing boats, normally now made of plywood. Since 1984 there have been competitions in 40 foot 'church-boats', 14 seat craft plus a cox that were traditionally used in church trips. Today the four day competition involves approximately 8000 rowers and with roughly 20000 people visiting to watch the race. In 2007 the 40th anniversary of the race was held and the four-day competition extended to six days. 
The race route is approximately . In most years the start is Hakovirta, circling Partala island and finishing at the Sulkava stadium.
Current records of the competition are 5.05.50 for men singles, 6.05.53 for women singles; the church boats travel the distance in about 4 hours. One of the records was set by the Handle Boys church boat in 2004 in 3.51'20.
Between 7- and 8,000 competitors and 20,000 spectators take part in Sulkavan Suursoudut every July. 2010 saw the introduction of the World Masters Rowing Event for church-boats, attracting 13 crews from abroad. The competition was held over distances of and . The fastest foreign crew over the latter distance was the squad Eco from Russia, finishing in 4 hours 48 minutes, 45 minutes behind the winning squad, Joutele from Helsinki, Finland

</doc>
<doc id="18928078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928078" title="Bashmalakh">
Bashmalakh

Bashmalakh is a village in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928079" title="Kamandalu">
Kamandalu

Kamandalu (Sanskrit: कमण्डलु, ) or kamandal or kamandalam is an oblong water pot made of a dry gourd (pumpkin) or coconut shell, metal, wood of the Kamandalataru tree, or from clay, usually with a handle and sometimes with a spout. Hindu ascetics or yogis often use it for storing drinking water. The water-filled kamandalu, which is invariably carried by ascetics, is stated to represent a simple and self-contained life.
The kamandalu also used in Hindu iconography, in depiction of deities related with asceticism or water. It is, thus, viewed as a symbol of ascetism in Hinduism. The kamandalu is also used by Jain monks and in depictions of some bodhisattvas.
Method of making.
A ripe pumpkin is plucked and the inner plum and seeds are cleaned leaving only the outer shell, which is used as the kamandalu. This is interpreted on a spiritual level as the removal of ego from a person. The ripe pumpkin represents the person, seed being the ego. Cleaning the seed thus symbolizes removal of ego, forming a cleansed person fit to accept self-realization.
In Hinduism.
Water in a kamandalu represents Amrita—the elixir of life—thus a symbol of fertility, life and wealth. The kamandalu is often depicted in hands of gods, who appear as ascetics, like Shiva and Brahma and also water deities like Varuna, Ganga (the goddess of the Ganges river) and Sarasvati. Adi Shankaracharya’s "ashtotaram" hymn praises Shiva whose hand is adorned with the kamandalu. Other deities like the fire-god Agni and the preceptor of the gods, Brihaspati, are depicted carrying the kamandalu. The goddess Karamgamaladharini is described as wearing a garland of kamandalus. The text Devi Mahatmya describes goddess Brahmani slay demons by sprinkling holy water from her kamandalu. A 183–165 BC coin depicts the god Krishna holding a kamandalu.
Several mythological stories refer to the kamandalu. Vamana the dwarf avatar of god Vishnu, requests demon king Mahabali for three feet of land. The donation of the land is sanctified through pouring water through a kamandalu. When Sukra, the demons' preceptor, tried to prevent flow of water from the kamandalu by blocking the spout, Mahabali pierced the spout with a stick, which blinded Sukra. In Bhagavata Purana, king Satyavarta after initially put Matsya (Vishnu's avatar as a fish) which he found in the river into his kamandalu, to protect it from the big fish. Later, the fish expanded and protected the king from the great deluge of Hindu mythology. The Mahabharata records the god Dhanvantari brought Amrita in a kamandalu, when he emerged from the churning of the ocean (Samudra manthan). The Hindu epic Ramayana records the monkey-god Hanuman disguised himself as a sage and fooling the demons to drink his urine stored in his kamandalu.
The mythical Sarasvati river traces her creation legends to the creator-god Brahma's kamandalu. The river Ganges is also believed to flow through Brahma's kamandalu. One legend about the Ganges' birth says Brahma washed the big toe of the foot of Vamana and collected the water in his kamandalu, which turns into the river Ganges.
Another river Silambu has a similar tale of origin. When Brahma washed Vamana's foot by the water of his kamandalu, one of drops fell from Vamana's foot on the earth turning into the river.
Another mythical tale about the pilgrimage place Darsha Pushkarini, narrates how sage Agastya trapped river Kaveri in his kamandalu, when she declined his marriage proposal. This led to famine in the region and, noticing this, Kaveri escaped from kamandalu but with a curse of the sage and was finally purified at Darsha Pushkarini. A variant tells that, angered by Kaveri's confinement, god Ganesha, in the form of a crow, pushed Agastya's kamandalu down, rescuing Kaveri and leading to the river's formation.
In the Sarada legends of Kashmir (based on oral tradition) narrated by Dr Romesh Kumar, it is said that when Ravana was engaged in a war with Rama, goddess Parvati advised Rama to take her to Uttarakhand away from the war scene. Thus, Parvati was carried by Hanuman in the form of water in a kamandalu to be dropped wherever She desired to be dropped. Wherever Hanuman rested on his way to Utarakhand, drops of water which fell out of the kamandalu on the ground formed the springs Masanag at Gushi and the Devibal spring at Tikr in Kashmir—the kamandalu was kept in a nearby hillock where Parvati rested where as a Sarada shrine exists. At Amarkantak, the source of river Narmada in Madhya Pradesh, an ancient kamandalu which is always filled with water, is called the Brighu Kamandal.
The text Garuda Purana states donation of a kamandalu in the Shradha (funery ritual) ceremony ensures that deceased has ample drinking water in his afterlife journey.
In Buddhism and Jainism.
Buddhists pour water from the kamandalu onto the palms of people, before rituals, where the water symbolizes elixir of life. It is also called "bhumba". Bodhisattvas like Maitreya and Avalokiteshvara are depicted carrying the kamandalu. The kamandalu was initially imported from Brahmanical Hinduism to Buddhism, through god Brahma to Maitreya; it later was incorporated in representations of many Mahayana Buddhist deities. 
Jain Digambara sages use the kamandalu for "toilet purposes". 

</doc>
<doc id="18928082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928082" title="Babalo">
Babalo

Babalo is a village in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928083" title="Turaclı">
Turaclı

Turaclı is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 992.

</doc>
<doc id="18928084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928084" title="David Maier">
David Maier

David Maier is a professor of computer science at Portland State University.
He has been chairman of the program committee of ACM SIGMOD. He also served as an associate editor of ACM Transactions on Database Systems. Maier has consulted with Tektronix, Inc., Servio Corporation, the Microelectronics and Computer Technology Corporation (MCC), Digital Equipment Corporation, Altair, Honeywell, Texas Instruments, IBM, Microsoft, Informix, Oracle Corporation, NCR, and Object Design, as well as several governmental agencies. He is a founding member of the Data-Intensive Systems Center (DISC), a joint project of OGI and Portland State University. He is the author of books on relational databases, logic programming and object-oriented databases, as well as papers in database theory, object-oriented technology and scientific databases. He received the Presidential Young Investigator Award from the National Science Foundation in 1984 and was awarded the 1997 SIGMOD Edgar F. Codd Innovations Award for his contributions in objects and databases. He is also an ACM Fellow. He holds a B.A. in Mathematics and Computer Science from the University of Oregon (Honors College, 1974) and a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science by Princeton University (1978).
Maier established some of the earliest results on using the relational model. Together with his thesis advisor, Jeffrey Ullman, and fellow Princeton students, including Alberto O. Mendelzon and Yehoshua Sagiv, he co-authored a number of influential papers that laid out the fundamental issues and approaches for relational databases. In a now-famous paper (Maier, Mendelzon and Sagiv, TODS 1979), he introduced the chase, a method for testing implication of data dependencies that is now of widespread use in the database theory literature. This work has been highly influential: it is used, directly or indirectly, on an everyday basis by people who design databases, and it is used in commercial systems to reason about the consistency and correctness of a data design. New applications of the chase in meta-data management and data exchange are still being discovered.
He is credited for coining the term Datalog.

</doc>
<doc id="18928087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928087" title="Marsan, Azerbaijan">
Marsan, Azerbaijan

Marsan is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 775.

</doc>
<doc id="18928090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928090" title="Zərnə">
Zərnə

Zərnə is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 781.

</doc>
<doc id="18928097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928097" title="Sofulu, Qazakh">
Sofulu, Qazakh

Sofulu is a village in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has been occupied by Armenia since 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18928098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928098" title="Bala Cəfərli">
Bala Cəfərli

Bala Cəfərli is a village in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928099" title="Bolshoy Khanuklar">
Bolshoy Khanuklar

Bolshoy Khanuklar (also, Bol’shoy Khanuklar) is a village in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928101" title="Alpout, Qazakh">
Alpout, Qazakh

Alpout (also, Alpoud) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 990. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928103" title="Kosalar, Qazakh">
Kosalar, Qazakh

Kosalar is a village and municipality in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,869. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928104" title="FedEx Office">
FedEx Office

FedEx Office (officially FedEx Office Print & Ship Services, Inc., formerly FedEx Kinko's, and earlier simply Kinko's) is a chain of stores that provide a retail outlet for FedEx Express and FedEx Ground (including Home Delivery) shipping, as well as printing, copying, and binding services. Unlike its main competitor, The UPS Store, all FedEx Office stores are corporate-owned.
History.
The company was founded as Kinko's in 1970 by Paul Orfalea, whose nickname was "Kinko" because of his curly hair. Its first copy shop, which Orfalea opened with a sidewalk copy machine, was in the college community of Isla Vista next to the campus of the University of California, Santa Barbara. He left the company in 2000, following a dispute with the investment firm Clayton, Dubilier & Rice ("CDR"), to which he had sold a large stake in the company three years earlier.
As Orfalea later disclosed in his autobiography, it took an enormous amount of work by a small army of lawyers at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher to disentangle him from Kinko's. The problem was that rather than adopt the traditional franchising model (by which the promoter creates a corporation that sells franchises), he had built the company as a series of loosely connected "personal" partnerships between each store owner and himself. By 1997, there were over 127 Kinko's partnerships in existence. "All" of them had to be carefully dismantled and rolled into a single S corporation in order to convert the company to a more centralized corporate-owned business model. Orfalea and several other key partners decided to go that route because they believed it would make the company more efficient (he was wasting too much time mediating disputes between different factions of Kinko's partnerships), and would enable the oldest partners, including himself, to cash out smoothly and engineer a transition of the company to a new generation of managers. However, the new structure also made it easier for CDR to gradually force him out of his own company.
Kinko's corporate headquarters was based in Ventura, California for many years, but in 2002, the company relocated to Galleria Tower in Dallas, Texas. In February 2004 Kinko's was bought by FedEx for $2.4 billion and then became known as FedEx Kinko's Office and Print Centers. Prior to the acquisition by FedEx, most Kinko's stores were open 24 hours a day. After the acquisition, FedEx reduced the hours for many locations. On June 2, 2008, FedEx announced that they were rebranding FedEx Kinko's as FedEx Office, the retail branch of the FedEx Corporation. As of Spring 2010, some stores and branding still showed FedEx Kinko's signage. To ease customer confusion during the transition period, many stores displayed a large purple sign in the window that said "Kinko's Inside."
Currently, Brian Phillips is the President and Chief Executive Officer, following Ken May's departure on March 7, 2008. The company's primary clientele consists of small business and home office clients. According to the company, there are nearly 2,000 operating facilities. With over $2 billion in revenues, the company is the 7th largest printing company in North America. The company's primary competitors in the crowded North American market include The UPS Store, Office Depot, OfficeMax, AlphaGraphics, Staples, Sir Speedy, and VistaPrint.
Kinko's pursued an aggressive international expansion strategy during the boom years of the 1990s and early 2000s. Countries currently hosting FedEx Office centers outside of the U.S. include Canada, South Korea, Kuwait, Lebanon and the United Arab Emirates. Kinko's formerly operated in Australia, Mexico, and the Netherlands but withdrew from those markets in late 2008 due to low consumer demand for Kinko's services. During the 2008–2012 global recession, FedEx Office subsequently withdrew from China, Japan, and the United Kingdom. The Japanese operations were sold to Konica Minolta.
Products and services.
Besides traditional full-service copy and print shop services, all stores also provide a number of self-service features: color and monochrome photocopiers, fax machines, digital photo printer kiosks, and several desktop computer rentals, of which one always has an image scanner and some design software (mainly Adobe Systems applications) installed. The computers available for rental are connected to at least one color and one monochrome laser printer (some newer stores have only a color printer but charge less for monochrome prints). The stores also offer a selection of office supplies and business books for retail purchase.

</doc>
<doc id="18928105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928105" title="Gyurgyur">
Gyurgyur

Gyurgyur is a village in the Gobustan Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928109" title="Bədəlli">
Bədəlli

Bədəlli is a village and municipality in the Gobustan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 977. The municipality consists of the villages of Bədəlli and Üzümçü.

</doc>
<doc id="18928111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928111" title="Qarabulaq, Gobustan">
Qarabulaq, Gobustan

Qarabulaq is a village in the Gobustan Rayon of Azerbaidjan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928112" title="Nabur">
Nabur

Nabur is a village and municipality in the Gobustan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,726. The municipality consists of the villages of Nabur and Cəngi.

</doc>
<doc id="18928113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928113" title="Karakyz">
Karakyz

Karakyz is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928114" title="Serteng">
Serteng

Serteng is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928119" title="Bad, Azerbaijan">
Bad, Azerbaijan

Bad is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Rustov.

</doc>
<doc id="18928120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928120" title="1984 Australian Touring Car Championship">
1984 Australian Touring Car Championship

The 1984 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned Australian motor racing title for Group C Touring Cars. It was the 25th running of the Australian Touring Car Championship, and the last to be contested by Group C cars as new regulations, based on international Group A, were introduced for 1985. The championship, which began on 18 February 1984 at Sandown Raceway and ended on 1 July at Adelaide International Raceway after seven rounds, was won by Dick Johnson driving a Ford XE Falcon.
Johnson's win gave Ford and its Falcon both the first and last ATCC wins under Group C regulations as Allan Moffat won the 1973 ATCC in a Falcon XY GTHO Phase III. The win was also Ford's 12th ATCC win since the championship began in 1960 and the Falcon's 5th win overall after having previously won in 1973, 1976, 1977, 1981 and 1982. It was also the Falcon's last championship win until 1993.
1984 saw the first ever ATCC race win by a turbocharged car when George Fury won the 6th round at a wet Lakeside Raceway just north of Brisbane driving a Nissan Bluebird Turbo.
Peter Brock, driving a Marlboro Holden Dealer Team entered Holden Commodore, was the only driver to win more than once, with victories in the opening rounds at Sandown and Symmons Plains. Johnson's only win in the series was at the 4th round at Surfers Paradise, though he never finished lower than 3rd in any other round. Allan Grice won the last round at Adelaide, and thus the destinction of winning the last ATCC race run under Group C rules. Defending champion Allan Moffat only won one round of the series, at Wanneroo Park, and suffered a crash at Surfers Paradise in which he not only almost destroyed his Mazda RX-7, but also broke bones in his right hand and suffered a fractured sternum, forcing him out of the series. The only other winner was former champion Bob Morris who introduced some flavor to the series when he made a comeback to the sport in 1984, winning Round 5 at Oran Park in an RX-7 fitted with a standard gearbox after the race unit was broken in practice. Holden Commodore driver Warren Cullen was the only driver other than Dick Johnson to finish every round of the series.
Unfortunately for the final ATCC run under the local Group C rules, with the exception of Dick Johnson, and Jim Richards contesting his first ATCC in his JPS Team BMW 635 CSi, the series was devoid of many of its big name drivers from mid-season. Peter Brock missed both Queensland rounds due to his commitment to race a Porsche 956 with his Bathurst winning co-driver Larry Perkins at the 1000 km of Silverstone and 24 Hours of Le Mans races and was substituted in both races by team mate John Harvey having his first ATCC drive since 1979. Allan Grice struggled to find enough sponsorship to run his Roadways Commodore for the entire series and missed most of the mid-season rounds, during which time he drove the ex-Bob Jane DeKon Chevrolet Monza on his way to winning the Australian GT Championship, and he also drove at Le Mans in a Porsche 956. George Fury was also missing mid-season when Nissan team boss Howard Marsden decided to concentrate on car development, while reigning champion Moffat missed the last three rounds of the series through injury.
The 1984 ATCC saw the ABC televise each round of the series live throughout Australia. It was the first time that one television station had covered the entire series, previously the ABC and Channel 7 had shared the broadcast rights. It would be the last time the ABC covered the ATCC as Seven took over from 1985 when the locally developed Group C rules were replaced by the FIA's Group A touring car regulations.
Teams and drivers.
The following teams and drivers competed in the 1984 Australian Touring Car Championship. 
Race Calendar.
The 1984 Australian Touring Car Championship was contested over a seven round series with one race per round.
Points system.
Cars competed in two engine displacement classes, "up to and including 3000cc" and "3001-6000cc". 
Points were awarded for the first twenty outright places in each round using a two tier system as shown in the following table.
3001-6000cc consisted of BMW 635 CSi, Chevrolet Camaro Z28, Ford XD Falcon, Ford XE Falcon, Holden VH Commodore, Mazda RX-7 and Nissan Bluebird Turbo.
Up to and including 3000cc consisted of Ford Capri Mk.III, Ford Escort Mk.II, Isuzu Gemini, Mazda 323, Mazda 626, Mitsubishi Colt, Toyota Celica and Triumph Dolomite Sprint
Points from the best six round results only could be retained by each driver.

</doc>
<doc id="18928127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928127" title="Gasaneri">
Gasaneri

Gasaneri is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928128" title="Gilyanov">
Gilyanov

Gilyanov is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928129" title="Leyti-Kazma">
Leyti-Kazma

Leyti-Kazma is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928130" title="Sukhtakala">
Sukhtakala

Sukhtakala is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928131" title="Ashagy Kharasha">
Ashagy Kharasha

Ashagy Kharasha is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928138" title="Ağbil">
Ağbil

Ağbil is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 959. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928142" title="Dzhigli">
Dzhigli

Dzhigli is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928145" title="Çuxuroba">
Çuxuroba

Çuxuroba (also, Chukhuroba) is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Mollabürhanlı.

</doc>
<doc id="18928147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928147" title="Yerfi">
Yerfi

Yerfi is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 915. The municipality consists of the villages of Yerfi, Talış, Dərk, Qayadalı, and Nohurdüzü.

</doc>
<doc id="18928148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928148" title="Adur, Azerbaijan">
Adur, Azerbaijan

Adur is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qarxun.

</doc>
<doc id="18928149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928149" title="42 cm Haubitze M. 14/16">
42 cm Haubitze M. 14/16

The 42 cm L/15 Küstenhaubitze M. 14 (42 cm, 15 caliber, Coastal Howitzer Model 14) was a superheavy siege howitzer used by Austria-Hungary during World War I and by Nazi Germany during World War II.
It was designed to penetrate the weakly armored decks of modern dreadnoughts in accord with the prevailing coastal defense doctrine that held it was better to attack the weakest point with high-angle indirect fire than to attempt to challenge their strongly armored sides with exceedingly expensive guns that had to be equally as well armored to withstand return fire from the battleship. Howitzers were significantly cheaper and could be hidden behind hills to avoid the expense of armoring them. The known problem of hitting a moving target with indirect fire was to be alleviated by massed fire from multiple weapons all firing with the same data.
At any rate, two howitzers were bought to defend the main Austro-Hungarian naval base at Pola on the Adriatic. They were to be installed on a turntable carriage with an armored dome able to traverse a full 360° for all-around defense. The turntable rested on a ball-race ring, set in a concrete foundation. However, with Pola unthreatened after the outbreak of the war, it was decided that they might be better used in support of the Army. The first howitzer was already fixed in place, but the second wasn't yet installed and Skoda was able to adapt it for mobile use by January 1915. On the 14th of that month, Howitzer No. 2, assigned to Küstenhaubitze Batterie (Coastal Howitzer Battery) no. 1, fired its first shot at the railway station in Tarnow, Austrian Poland.
Eight M. 14s were eventually ordered (along with a spare barrel and cradle), although one was retained by Skoda. Barrel production was very slow, so slow that barrels originally ordered for coastal mounts were put into service as part of the 42 cm Autohaubitze (Motorized Howitzer) M. 16.
One surviving gun was used in 1940 by Nazi Germany to shell the Ouvrage Schoenenbourg from a position near Oberotterbach; the 60- and 80-cm guns later used by the Third Reich (for example at Sevastopol) were not ready in time for the French campaign, so World War I vintage heavy pieces like this Skoda and also a surviving Gamma-Gerät tube had to be used. The Skoda, apparently the sole M17 model, entered German possession following the annexation of Czechoslovakia in 1938/39, and was renamed from "42 cm houfnice vz. 17" to "42 cm Haubitze(t)"; it also served at Leningrad and Sevastopol, even though its barrel life was rated to only 1,000 rounds.
Another piece, an M16 model, was captured at Györ in Hungary during the Hungarian–Romanian War of 1919, together with the 38 cm Belagerungshaubitze M 16 no 2 "Gudrun". It is exhibited at the National Military Museum in Bucharest.

</doc>
<doc id="18928151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928151" title="NGC 6167">
NGC 6167

NGC 6167 is an open cluster in the constellation of Norma, viewed from Earth it has an apparent magnitude of 6.7.

</doc>
<doc id="18928157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928157" title="Qayadalı">
Qayadalı

Qayadalı (also, Qaya-dalı) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Yerfi.

</doc>
<doc id="18928161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928161" title="Əlik">
Əlik

Əlik is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,069. The municipality consists of the villages of Əlik, Cek, Haput.

</doc>
<doc id="18928162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928162" title="Dağüstü">
Dağüstü

Dağüstü is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Buduq.

</doc>
<doc id="18928163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928163" title="New York International Latino Film Festival">
New York International Latino Film Festival

The New York International Latino Film Festival is a major Hispanic film festival located in New York City. The festival features over sixty films, shorts, and documentaries over the course of six days, along with other events focused on Latino culture.

</doc>
<doc id="18928164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928164" title="Kazmabudug">
Kazmabudug

Kazmabudug is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928166" title="Yergüc, Quba">
Yergüc, Quba

Yergüc (also, Yergyudzh) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928169" title="Qırızdəhnə">
Qırızdəhnə

Qırızdəhnə (also, Qırız-Dəhnə) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qrız.

</doc>
<doc id="18928170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928170" title="Rustov">
Rustov

Rustov is a village and municipality in the Quba District of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,956. The municipality consists of the villages of Rustov, Pusteqasim, Kələbaq, Yekdar, Bad, Məçkə-Xacə, Cadarı, and Cındar.

</doc>
<doc id="18928173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928173" title="Qorxmazoba">
Qorxmazoba

Qorxmazoba (also, Qorx-mazoba) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 831. The municipality consists of the villages of Qorxmazoba and Əspərəsti.

</doc>
<doc id="18928176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928176" title="Izzhor">
Izzhor

Izzhor is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928177" title="Gültəpə">
Gültəpə

Gültəpə (also, Qultəpə) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 414.

</doc>
<doc id="18928179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928179" title="İspik">
İspik

İspik is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,242.

</doc>
<doc id="18928180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928180" title="Creditor Reference">
Creditor Reference

The Creditor Reference (also called the Structured Creditor Reference) is an international business standard based on ISO 11649, implemented at the end of 2008.
Using Creditor Reference, a company can automatically match its remittance information to its A/R. This means that the company's financial supply chain's STP will be increased.
The Creditor Reference was first implemented within the SEPA rulebook 3.2.
Implementation.
A vendor adds the Creditor Reference to its invoices. When a customer pays the invoice, the company writes the Creditor Reference instead of the invoice number in the message section, or places a Creditor Reference field in its payment ledger.
When the vendor receives the payment, it can automatically match the remittance information to its Accounts Receivable system.
Structure.
The Creditor Reference is an alphanumeric string, 25 characters long, with the letters "RF" at the beginning. After the letters are two check digits, which confirm that the reference will be entered correctly.
The remaining part of the Creditor Reference (up to 21 alphanumeric characters) is the Reference. The content of the Creditor Reference can be determined without any restrictions.
Example: RF18 5390 0754 7034 this example, the check digits are "18". The message is structured in print format.

</doc>
<doc id="18928183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928183" title="Susay">
Susay

Susay is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 701. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928184" title="Amsar">
Amsar

Amsar is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,475. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928188" title="Alekseyevka, Quba">
Alekseyevka, Quba

Alekseyevka is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,573. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928193" title="Benang">
Benang

Benang (subtitled "From the Heart") is a 1999 Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Kim Scott. The award was shared with "Drylands" by Thea Astley.
Reviewing the novel for "The Hindu", K. Kunhikrishnan wrote:
Reading Benang, one could see that the narration could be seen as unreliable. Narration and writing style used are similar to that of stream of consciousness, factual information, history and memories. All of these help compose the complex and sometimes confusing narration of Benang. Writing styles can be compared to the novel "Beloved" by Tony Marrison, in the way the narrator speaks through his memories or stream of memories and facts. It is difficult to find what the narrator is going for but upon further reading all the memories, thoughts and emotions presenting in this novel finally come together.
Context of Novel.
One of the main contexts in the novel deals with the process of "breeding out the colour". This was a process in which children were forcibly removed from their homes and assimilated into the white Australian society. These children were forced to "breed" with white Australians in order to lessen the appearance of the Aboriginal in them. It was believed that through this continuous process that eventually there would be no trace of Aboriginal in the future generations. Chief Protector of Aborigines in Western Australia, A. O. Neville, was a key player in this process and he believed that it would work. This process occurred due to the government's inability to classify mixed children for the government system, as well as their fear of what mixing would do for the society.
It was originally claimed that Australia was uninhabited. The Stolen Generations are the mixed (Australian Aboriginal and white Australian) children who were forcibly removed from their homes and families. According to the Stolen Generations webpage, "The notion that the absorption or assimilation of some Aboriginal people into the European population is a form of genocide had gone around academic and leftist political circles long before Wilson’s enquiry but gained enormous impetus from it." There has been a debate about this situation in Australia as genocide.
Plot Summary.
Benang is about forced assimilation and finding how one can return to their own culture. The novel presents how difficult it is to form a working history of a population who had been historically uprooted from their past. Benang follows Harley, a young man who has gone through the process of “breeding out the colour”, as he pieces together his family history through documentation, such as photograph and his grandfather’s notes, as well as memories and experiences. Harley and his family have undergone a process of colonial scientific experimentation called “breeding of the colour” which separated individuals from their indigenous families and origins.
Characters.
°Ernest Soloman Scat - Harley's paternal grandfather and scientist. His Experiments include the focus of "breeding out the color" from mixed children to form "first white man".
°Harley Scat - The main character of the novel
°Auber Neville - Ernest's Cousin
°Kathleen Chatalong - Jack's sister
°Harriette Coolman - Harley's maternal great-grandmother
°Daniel Coolman - Twin #1 who is Harley's maternal great-grandfather and cousin to the 
Chatalongs (Irishman)
°Will Coolman - Daniel's son
°Patrick Coolman - Twin #2
°Jack Chatalong - Kathleen's Brother
°Constable (Sergeant) Hall - Father figure to Kathleen
°Sandy One Mason - White great-great-grandfather
°Fanny - Nyoogar great-great-grandmother
Passages, Quotes and Themes.
So… So, by way of introduction, here I come:
The first white man born. (Page 10/12)
Raised to carry on one heritage, and ignore another, I find myself wishing to reverse that upbringing, not only for the sake of my children, but also for my ancestors, and for their children in turn. And therefore, inevitably, most especially, for myself. (Page 19/21)
Sandy One was no white man. Just as I am no white man, despite the look of me...(Page 494/496)

</doc>
<doc id="18928202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928202" title="Maharishi Shiv Brat Lal">
Maharishi Shiv Brat Lal

Maharishi Shiv Brat Lal Verman (also famous as Data Dayal Maharishi ji) was born in Bhadohi Distt of Uttar Pradesh state in India in 1860. He was a post graduate and a famous writer. It is believed that he wrote as much as 3000 books on various social, historical, religious and spiritual topics. Being a famous writer he was called as the modern Maharishi Ved Vyas and hence became famous with the name Maharishi ji.
Writings.
As an editor he moved to Lahore to edit the 'Arya Gazette' - an Urdu weekly. On August 1, 1907 he started his own magazine, 'Sadhu' and it acquired popularity very quickly. He became a famous writer and in his lifetime he edited and authored almost 3000 spiritual periodicals and books in Hindi, Urdu & English on various social, historical, religious and spiritual topics. His books "Light of Anand Yoga", "Dayal Yoga" and "Shabd Yoga" became very famous.
Some of Maharishi ji's famous books on Radha Soami spiritual movement:
World trip.
To spread Radha Soami spiritual movement he started his world trip from Lahore on August 2, 1911. He reached Calcutta. On October 22, 1911 from Calcuta he proceeded towards Rangoon by sea. He reached Penang on October 31 and reached Hong Kong on November 22 via Singapore and Java. At all the places he was spreading the message of Radha Soami spiritual movement. After that he went to Japan and later he went to San Francisco in America and delivered two lectures in San Francisco.
Ashram.
In 1912 Shiv Bral Lal ji founded his ashram in Gopi Ganj in Mirzapur, Uttar Pradesh, India. His inspired discourses attracted seekers of Radha Soami movement from all over the India and abroad. He died on February 23, 1939 at the age of seventy-nine. His holy "Samādhi" stands at Radha Swami Dham, near Gopi Ganj.
Successors.
His chief successors who carried his work forward were 

</doc>
<doc id="18928203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928203" title="Alpan, Azerbaijan">
Alpan, Azerbaijan

Alpan is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. 
Alpan is a one of oldest villages in Azerbaijan. It has a population of 8000.

</doc>
<doc id="18928213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928213" title="Zizik, Quba">
Zizik, Quba

Zizik is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,522. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928219" title="Vladimirovka, Quba">
Vladimirovka, Quba

Vladimirovka is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,492. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928225" title="Zərdabi">
Zərdabi

Zərdabi is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 4,034. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928226" title="List of recoilless rifles">
List of recoilless rifles

Ths is a list of recoilless rifles (RCL) intended to catalogue these lightweight infantry support weapons that allow the firing of a heavier projectile than would be practical with a recoiling artillery guns. Technically, only devices that use a rifled barrel are recoilless "rifles". The smoothbore variants (those devoid of rifling) are termed recoilless "guns". This distinction is often lost, and both are often called recoilless rifles. 
Normally used for anti-tank roles, the first effective system of this kind was developed during World War II to provide infantry with light, cheap and easily deployable weapon that does not require extensive training in gunnery. The near complete lack of recoil allows some versions to be shoulder-fired, but the majority are mounted on light tripods and are intended to be easily carried by a soldier. Carl Gustav m/42 

</doc>
<doc id="18928227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928227" title="Hacıhüseynli">
Hacıhüseynli

Hacıhüseynli (also, Hacı Hüseynli, known as Yelenovka until 1992)

</doc>
<doc id="18928235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928235" title="Altynchy">
Altynchy

Altynchy is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Altynchy is the Azeri village in Qubadli

</doc>
<doc id="18928238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928238" title="Suyunush-Aga">
Suyunush-Aga

Suyunush-Aga is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928239" title="Tinli, Qubadli">
Tinli, Qubadli

Tinli is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928241" title="Gilidzhan">
Gilidzhan

Gilidzhan is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Gilidzhan is the Azeri and Kurdish village in Qubadli

</doc>
<doc id="18928242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928242" title="Alaqurşaq">
Alaqurşaq

Alaqurşaq (also, Alakurshak) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Alaqurşaq-is the Kurdish village in Qubadli

</doc>
<doc id="18928246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928246" title="Zor, Azerbaijan">
Zor, Azerbaijan

Zor is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928248" title="SendMeRSS">
SendMeRSS

SendMeRSS was an RSS-to-email gateway created by Randy Charles Morin and later sold to NBC Universal on April 24, 2007. Prior to November 6, 2007, SendMeRSS was known as RMail. RMail was created on April 24, 2005.
NBC Spamming.
Late in the lifespan of SendMeRSS, NBC was likely breaking anti-spam laws. The service was sending subscription emails where the unsubscribe link was failing. NBC later deleted the SendMeRSS MX record making it impossible for users to contact NBC support to get their subscriptions deleted. 
On October 20, The Raw Feed blog reported that NBC was breaking anti-spam laws. NBC shut down the service later that same day. Two weeks later, the executive responsible for SendMeRSS resigned from NBC.
DealMeRSS.
NBC also created a sister website called DealMeRSS which appears to be SERP spam. All of the content is stolen from other sites and the links are all affiliate programs. It is the most professionally run Splog ever. NBC may have been using SendMeRSS to seed DealMeRSS, which now has over 20,000 inbound links according to Google, most all of them generated by the SendMeRSS tool.
Shutdown.
SendMeRSS was shut down in late summer of 2008. No reason or warning was given by NBC. For a couple weeks, the website had a message that said "The SendMeRSS service is currently down. We're working on a solution. Any inconvenience is deeply regretted", but this disappeared and all DNS entries were eventually deleted, including their blog and email MX records. NBC refuses to respond to any emails or contact on the subject. The original owner Randy Morin has apologized to his old users, but has admitted that he is not aware of the reason for the outage.
The email engine was shut down on October 20. The website was shut down about two weeks prior.
On June 1, 2009, the SendMeRSS website was temporarily available at www.r-mail.org, but was shut down again and now reads "The SendMeRSS service is currently down. We're working on a solution. Any inconvenience is deeply regretted." once again.
Demise.
In July 2008, some bloggers reported that emails sent to the SendMeRSS support email address were bouncing. This was likely the first sign that problems were on the horizon.
By late August, Randy Morin, the original owner, was warning users against using SendMeRSS.
Scrouged.
Any user that had existing RSS subscriptions via email lost all their data. Had NBC given any notice, the users could have exported their subscriptions for use with an alternate service.
Five months after the initial outage, the users have not received any reply to their support emails to NBC. They have not communicated why the outage happened or when it might be resolved.
RMail 2.0.
Morin has announced a replacement for Rmail that will be called Reblinks. Reblinks went live on May 20, 2009, seven months after Rmail died.

</doc>
<doc id="18928254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928254" title="Myuskanly">
Myuskanly

Myuskanly is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Myuskanly is Azeri village in Qubadli

</doc>
<doc id="18928255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928255" title="Khodzham Saqly">
Khodzham Saqly

Khodzham Saqly is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Khodzham Saqly is Azeri village in Qubadli
This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928256" title="Saray, Qubadli">
Saray, Qubadli

Saray is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928259" title="Tarovlu">
Tarovlu

Tarovlu is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928261" title="Padar, Qubadli">
Padar, Qubadli

Padar is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Padar is Azeri village in Qubadli

</doc>
<doc id="18928263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928263" title="Seytas">
Seytas

Seytas is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928264" title="Mamedli, Qubadli">
Mamedli, Qubadli

Mamedli is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Mamedli is Azeri village in Qubadli

</doc>
<doc id="18928265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928265" title="NGC 6200">
NGC 6200

NGC 6200 is an open cluster in the constellation Ara, lying close to the galactic equator. It contains one β Cephei variable.

</doc>
<doc id="18928267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928267" title="Mazra, Qubadli">
Mazra, Qubadli

Mazra is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Mazra is Azeri village in Qubadli

</doc>
<doc id="18928270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928270" title="Paul Goodison">
Paul Goodison

Paul Martin Goodison MBE (born 29 November 1977, Brinsworth, Rotherham, South Yorkshire) is an English sailor. 
In March 2005, he was ranked 2nd in the world in the Laser, behind Robert Scheidt of Brazil, and ahead of Michael Blackburn of Australia and Mark Mendelblatt of the United States. 
He won the gold medal in the Men's Laser class at the 2008 Summer Olympics. In 2009 he won the Laser World Championships, in Halifax, Canada.
He is an avid supporter of Sheffield United. 
Goodison was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2009 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="18928271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928271" title="Mazra, Azerbaijan">
Mazra, Azerbaijan

Mazra, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18928285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928285" title="TrustedSource">
TrustedSource

TrustedSource is an Internet reputation system originally developed by CipherTrust and now owned by McAfee. It provides reputation scores for Internet identities, such as IP addresses, URLs, domains, and email/web content. 
Reputation data and content categories, as well as global email, web and other network traffic patterns observed by TrustedSource ecosystem, for any IP address, domain, or URL can be checked from the TrustedSource.org portal site
TrustedSource works by analyzing in real-time traffic patterns from email, web and network data flows from McAfee's global set of security appliances and hosted services, as well as those of partners like F5 Networks. Working off that data stream, it applies data mining and analysis techniques, such as Support Vector Machine, Random forest, and Term-Frequency Inverse-Document Frequency (TFIDF) classifiers to determine the degree of maliciousness and security risk associated with each Internet identity, as well as perform content categorization. 
The numeric scores that result from that analysis are then combined with local filtering policies of devices and services that utilize TrustedSource to make an accept/deny/traffic shape types of decisions on the network connections associated with those Internet identities.
Internet reputation systems like TrustedSource are useful to effectively block network-based attacks sent over email, web and other protocols. They benefit from the global sensor network reporting attack patterns in real-time and the intensive behavioral analysis is distributed across a world-wide network of systems instead of unnecessarily utilizing processing power of local security devices. Those systems have also been effective at tracking and monitoring botnets, such as the infamous Storm worm.

</doc>
<doc id="18928286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928286" title="Graeme Lee (Australian footballer)">
Graeme Lee (Australian footballer)

Graeme "Gypsy" Lee (born 12 July 1939) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the VFL during the early 1960s. He also had a noted career in Tasmania and is a half-forward flanker in Launceston's official "Team of the Century".
Lee was used mostly as a wingman but he also spent time as a half-forward flanker and at full-forward. He started his career in 1956 at Wynyard and four years later moved to the mainland where he was recruited by St Kilda. His three-year stint at St Kilda saw him manage just 18 senior appearances, with injury preventing him from taking a regular spot in the team. When he returned to Tasmania in 1963 he joined Northern Tasmanian Football Association club Launceston and served as captain-coach. His fourth and final destination was East Devonport, where he remained a captain-coach and steered them to a rare premiership. 
Amongst his 11 interstate appearances for Tasmania, Lee captained his state at the 1966 Hobart Carnival, where he finished equal third in the Tassie Medal and earned selection to the All-Australian team.

</doc>
<doc id="18928289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928289" title="Novlu">
Novlu

Novlu is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Novlu is Azeri village in Qubadli

</doc>
<doc id="18928295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928295" title="Dashalfy">
Dashalfy

Dashalfy is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Dashalfy is the Azeri village in Qubadli
This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928297" title="Davudlu, Qubadli">
Davudlu, Qubadli

Davudlu (also, Dovudlu) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Davudlu is the Azeri village in Qubadli

</doc>
<doc id="18928300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928300" title="Kazioba">
Kazioba

Kazioba is a village in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928303" title="Mudzhukh-Kazma">
Mudzhukh-Kazma

Mudzhukh-Kazma is a village in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928305" title="Kələntəroba">
Kələntəroba

Kələntəroba is a village in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928307" title="Laza, Qusar">
Laza, Qusar

Laza is a village in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Kuzun.

</doc>
<doc id="18928313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928313" title="Sudur">
Sudur

Sudur is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 568. The municipality consists of the villages of Sudur, Quxur, and Yerği Kek.

</doc>
<doc id="18928316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928316" title="Avaran">
Avaran

Avaran is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,341. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928318" title="Shitla Mata Temple, Patna">
Shitla Mata Temple, Patna

Shitla Mata Mandir - temple Shitla Mata situated at Patna City, Patna, Bihar. This is place for worship of Mata Durga also known as shakti peeth of Maa Durga.

</doc>
<doc id="18928331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928331" title="NGC 6204">
NGC 6204

NGC 6204 is an open cluster in the constellation Ara, lying close to the galactic equator.

</doc>
<doc id="18928332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928332" title="Ukur, Azerbaijan">
Ukur, Azerbaijan

Ukur is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 611. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928336" title="Ukur (disambiguation)">
Ukur (disambiguation)

Ukur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18928342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928342" title="Yasab">
Yasab

Yasab is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,838. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928345" title="Piral">
Piral

Piral is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,944. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928348" title="Girik">
Girik

Girik is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,196. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928350" title="Ləngi">
Ləngi

Ləngi is a village in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Yeni Həyat.

</doc>
<doc id="18928351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928351" title="Winley Records">
Winley Records

Paul Winley Records Inc. (more commonly credited as Winley Records) was a doo-wop record label founded in 1956 that in 1979 became one of the earliest hip hop labels. It was situated on 125th Street, Harlem, New York City. Winley released doo-wop by The Paragons and The Jesters, and hip hop records by Paul Winley's daughters, Tanya and Paulette, produced by Winley's wife, Ann. The label can lay claim to a number of firsts: one of the earliest rock and roll compilations, one of the earliest breaks compilations, an early solo female rap artist and an early instance of social commentary in rap. Winley was also the first label to record one of hip hop's most important figures, Afrika Bambaataa.
Paul Winley.
Paul Winley entered the music business through writing songs for his brother's Washington D.C. doo-wop group, The Clovers. Through them, he met Ahmet Ertegün, who—unusually for a label mogul—himself wrote for The Clovers subsequent to signing them. Winley moved to New York City to work with Ertegün's Atlantic Records, where he wrote for Ruth Brown and Big Joe Turner. He then became one of the songwriters working in and around the Brill Building in the 1950s, along with figures he met and knew there such as Otis Blackwell and Jesse Stone. Winley formed a songwriting partnership with Davey Clowney, better known as Dave "Baby" Cortez, and the two began recording doo-wop groups for the newly founded Winley Records. (Toop: 96–98)
Doo-wop.
Winley Records first recorded "Baby" Cortez, and then Little Anthony as part of The Duponts: "You"/"Must Be Falling in Love" (1955, technically predating the record company itself). (Toop: 98) (Warner: 239) Then came The Jesters, students at Cooper Junior High School in Harlem who graduated from singing under an elevated train station near 120th Street to the amateur night contest at the Apollo, where Paul Winley discovered them. The Jesters' b-sides often rivaled the lead cut. Their first three singles were all arranged by Clowney, and all three—"So Strange"/"Love No One But You", "Please Let Me Love You"/"I'm Falling in Love" (both 1957) and "The Plea"/"Oh Baby" (1958)—made the outer reaches of the national Pop chart, and generated considerable New York interest. Under a different line-up, The Jesters reached #110 on the Billboard chart in 1960 with a version of The Diablos' "The Wind" backed with "Sally Green". Two lesser singles followed: "That's How It Goes"/"Tutti Frutti" (1960) and "Uncle Henry's Basement"/"Come Let Me Show You How" (1961). (Warner: 230–231)
A brother group to The Jesters, and "equally fine" (Warner: 269) were The Paragons—"real hoodlums, real zip-gun, street-warring hoodlums", Paul Winley recalled to David Toop in 1984, "but at the time I was young and crazy myself, so it didn't make any difference". (Toop: 98) For Winley, they recorded "Florence" backed with "Hey Little Schoolgirl" (1957), "Lets Start All Over Again" with "Stick With Me Baby" (1957), the ballad "Two Hearts Are Better than One" with "Give Me Love" (1957), "Twilight" plus "The Vows of Love" (1958), and "So You Will Know"/"Don't Cry Baby" (1958). Then came their backing of Tommy Collins on "Doll Baby"/"Darling I Love You" (1959), as The Paragons alone on the re-cap "So You Will Know"/"Doll Baby" (1960) and recording under the name Mack Starr and the Paragons for their last Winley release, "Just A Memory"/"Kneel and Pray" (1961). Of these, the records "Florence" and "Let's Start All Over Again" are doo-wop classics, and "Twilight" a "New York mini-classic". (Warner, 270) Jay Warner is of the opinion that the obscure "So You Will Know" is a finer record even than these. (Warner: 270)
"The Paragons Meet The Jesters" (1959), with its street gang cover and vocal duels inspired by doo-wop's street corner singing battles and live show group competitions, was "one of the first rock and roll compilation LPs" (Warner: 231) and the most commercially successful doo wop compilation ever released. (Warner: 270) Hal Winley reformed The Clovers for Winley in 1961 and in that year recorded "Wrapped Up in A Dream"/"Let Me Hold You", "Be My Baby"/"They're Rockin' Down The Street" and "I Need You Now"/"Gotta Quit You" on the label. (Warner, 122–123) Other releases of this period include those of Charley White (of The Clovers), "Nobody's Fault But Mine" (1958), and Ann Fleming (Ann Winley), "Jive Time Baby" (1960). (Warner: 231) Relic Records have collected Winley doo-wop on "The Best of Winley Records" (RELIC 5019) with liner notes by Donn Fileti detailing their lo-fidelity, almost ad hoc independent approach creating a valuable and unique New York sound. Quoting Fileti, David Toop makes the point that these are comments that can equally apply to Winley's hip hop output. (Toop: 99) Winley Records released an expanded "The Paragons Meet The Jesters Deluxe Edition" in 2011 as Winley Records 3068-02. This re-release not only contained 31 cuts (with alternate takes and session talk) but appears to have been mixed from the original session tapes. (McKeon: post 7/2/12)
Hip hop.
Winley Records resurfaced in the 1970s with a series of releases which—like the street corner practices of doo-wop foreshadowing those of hip hop (see Toop: Ch. 2)—would in their different ways presage the advent of commercially recorded hip hop even as that movement blossomed in the Bronx and spread to the streets of Harlem. Winley released a series of speeches by Malcolm X, tied into a tradition of black oratory and to be sampled a decade later by Public Enemy and others. The label also recorded Harlem Underground Band (featuring a young George Benson), whose "Smokin' Cheeba Cheeba" (1976), from the album "Harlem Underground" would furnish a break for hip hop's burgeoning breakbeat culture. A "break" was a short percussive passage in a record which hip hop DJs would loop (using two copies, one for each turntable) in order for it to be rapped over and/or danced to. By the late 1970s, "b-boy" sections were appearing in some small New York record stores, catering to "b-boys", followers of this yet-to-be-named new subculture, who would buy 45s, 12"s or complete albums, old or new, of funk, rock or indeed any genre, as long as they were satisfied that each contained at least a few seconds worthy of being looped. (Toop: ix–x) Paul Winley's daughter Tanya "Sweet Tee" Winley was such a follower; a "rap fanatic," according to her father (Toop: 100). Paul began collecting songs containing popular breaks and compiling them on a series of unofficial records called "Super Disco Brake's", beginning in 1979 and eventually running to six volumes. The first of these therefore was one of the earliest records released with hip hop culture in mind, and probably the first breakbeat record in history. (Shapiro: 384–385) 
Harlem Underground Band, augmented with the organ of the seemingly ever-present "Baby" Cortez, would function as the house band backing Winley's hip hop releases, hence having the same function, if not influence, as "Jiggs" Chase's band at Sugar Hill Records, or those of Pumpkin at Enjoy Records and elsewhere, i.e. solving the problem of how to translate the backing to raps heretofore provided live by DJs. In the case of the first of these Winley releases, "Rhymin' and Rappin'" by Tanya and Paulette Winley (1979), the backing was "straightforward r&b, without the percussive explosions that were hip-hop's raison d'etre" while the rapping was somewhat tentative. (Shapiro: 384) Tanya "Sweet Tee" Winley's "Vicious Rap" (1980) was a leap forward, with Tanya in confident flow and the band even replicating a break at points. Tanya Winley raps in the party spirit characteristic of early hip hop, but the lyrics nonetheless detail a case of false arrest, and prophecy that she will "scream and shout ... and tell the government what it's all about". Along with Kurtis Blow's punning "The Breaks" (Columbia, 1980) and the much more radical "How We Gonna Make The Black Nation Rise" by Brother D. (Clappers, 1980), "Vicious Rap" was among the first commercially recorded hip hop songs to feature social commentary rather than party rhymes. Such records would remain a rarity until the success of "The Message" by Grandmaster Flash & the Furious Five on Sugar Hill two years later. (Chang: 179) The label's erstwhile claim that "Vicious Rap" was recorded in 1978, making it the first hip hop to make it to the recording studio, is sometimes repeated, but the apparent improvement in technique from 1979's "Rhymin' and Rappin'" makes this likely a piece of historical revisionism. A last single from the Winley daughters followed in 1982: "I Believe in the Wheel of Fortune". (Shapiro: 384)
Afrika Bambaataa was, with Grandmaster Flash and DJ Kool Herc (originator of hip hop's breakbeat DJing style), one of the prime movers in the emergence of hip hop in the 1970s. By 1980, Flash was recording for Enjoy Records with his MC team, the Furious Five, while Herc's star had faded—he was working in a record shop in South Bronx. Bambaataa recorded "Zulu Nation Throwdown" (1980) for Winley with his MC crew named The Cosmic Force. He arranged and directed the percussion and rapping, but further live band accompaniment was added before release without his knowledge. (Hager, "Village Voice", September 21, 1982) According to Peter Shapiro, though the record is now "ancient-sounding" in hip hop terms, Winley's group here had moved to keep pace with Pumpkin at Enjoy and the Sugarhill band, with Lisa Lee of the Cosmic Force "absolutely destroying all the male MCs". (Shapiro: 384) Bambaataa was initially displeased with the record, but it found favor with the new wave crowds who were being presented with hip hop music, dance and graffiti at shows by Bambaataa and others in downtown New York at this time. Bambaataa returned to Winley for "Zulu Nation Throwdown 2" (1980) with the Soul Sonic Force, but thoroughly dissatisfied with the label, he left for Tommy Boy Records, where he would record a single with a huge impact, "Planet Rock" (1982). (Hager, "Village Voice", September 21, 1982) Unruffled, Winley released "Death Mix" (1983) to cash in on the success of Planet Rock. "Death Mix" was a vinyl pressing of a third- or fourth- hand cassette tape copy of a bootleg recording of a Bambaataa Zulu Nation night at James Monroe High School in the Bronx in 1980. "Death Mix" features Bambaataa and Jazzy Jay using an eclectic mix of records—including "Computer Games" by Yellow Magic Orchestra, showing the sensibilities that would lead to the electro of "Planet Rock"—, cutting up breaks for Zulu Nation MCs, and demonstrating early scratching techniques. (Lewis: 101) (Shapiro: 4) (Toop: 99) Despite its extremely poor sound quality, it is "the best commercially-available snapshot of hip-hop's earliest days". (Shapiro: 385)
A new generation of acts appeared in the early to mid-1980s on labels like Def Jam, Profile and Cold Chillin', with a tougher image, musical style and lyrical delivery than their predecessors (see New school hip hop). This—what Shapiro calls "the Run-D.M.C. revolution"—signaled the end for labels like Enjoy, Sugar Hill and Winley. After releasing "Street Rock" by Rap Dynasty in 1985, the label folded, though two discs appeared in 2007 bearing the imprint's name and purporting to contain Bambaataa material from the 1970s. (Shapiro: 385) (Hsu, "New York Times", September 15, 2007) A collection of Winley hip hop, "Death Mix: The Best of Paul Winley Records",http://www.mixtapes.com/larry

</doc>
<doc id="18928356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928356" title="Samur, Azerbaijan">
Samur, Azerbaijan

Samur is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,388 and is named after the river which forms the Azerbaijan-Russia frontier. Samur is itself the nearest village to the SDK border crossing where the M1 highway crosses into Russia. This border crossing is the only legal road crossing between the two nations though there is also a railway crossing at Yalama. Both are open to CIS citizens only. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928360" title="Yasaboba">
Yasaboba

Yasaboba is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 488. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928364" title="Kufoba">
Kufoba

Kufoba is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 413. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928366" title="Tağaroba">
Tağaroba

Tağaroba is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Ləcət.

</doc>
<doc id="18928369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928369" title="Əliabad, Saatly">
Əliabad, Saatly

Əliabad (also, Aliabad) is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,252. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928372" title="Auditorium Shores">
Auditorium Shores

Auditorium Shores is a public park located on Lady Bird Lake in downtown Austin, Texas. The park is one of the primary sites in Austin which host South by Southwest (SXSW), as well as a number of other events.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="18928374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928374" title="Beriyakend, Saatly">
Beriyakend, Saatly

Beriyakend is a village in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928383" title="Beriyakend">
Beriyakend

Beriyakend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18928384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928384" title="Infrastructure Lifecycle Management">
Infrastructure Lifecycle Management

Infrastructure Lifecycle Management (ILM) is a term coined by the real estate sector. It covers the management of all core processes around planning, construction, operation, maintenance and commercialization of buildings or property. The life cycle of a real estate property starts with the planning and realization phase, carries on with the commercial usage and facility management and is finalized by the demolition, dismantling or conversion of the property.

</doc>
<doc id="18928389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928389" title="Molday">
Molday

Molday is a village in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928390" title="Balakend, Saatly">
Balakend, Saatly

Balakend is a village in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928393" title="Agaragimli">
Agaragimli

Agaragimli is a village in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928411" title="Sımada">
Sımada

Sımada is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,372. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928412" title="Yevdokimovka">
Yevdokimovka

Yevdokimovka is a village in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928414" title="Nəsimikənd">
Nəsimikənd

Nəsimikənd is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,286. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928418" title="Tower of the Firstborn">
Tower of the Firstborn

Tower of the Firstborn is a 2004 TaurusFilm-produced film. It was based on the novel "La Torre Della Solitudine" by Valerio Massimo Manfredi.

</doc>
<doc id="18928420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928420" title="Mircəlal">
Mircəlal

Mircəlal (known as Kirovkənd or Kirovka until 1991) is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 4,123. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928421" title="Gerhard Kretschmar">
Gerhard Kretschmar

Gerhard Herbert Kretschmar (20 February 1939 – 25 July 1939), was a German child born with severe disabilities. After receiving a petition from the child's parents, the German chancellor Adolf Hitler authorized one of his personal physicians, Karl Brandt, to have the child killed. This marked the beginning of the program in Nazi Germany known as a "euthanasia program" (Aktion T4) which ultimately resulted in the deliberate killing of about 200,000 people with mental and/or physical disabilities.
Identity.
Until recently the identity of this child had not been disclosed, although it was known to German medical historians. One German historian, Udo Benzenhöfer, argued that the child's name could not be disclosed because of Germany's privacy laws relating to medical records. In 2007, however, the historian Ulf Schmidt, in his biography of Karl Brandt, published the child's name, the names of his parents, the place of his birth and the dates of his birth and death. Schmidt wrote: "Although this approach Benzenhöfer and others is understandable and sensitive to the feelings of the parents and relatives of the child, it somehow overlooks the child itself and its individual suffering... By calling the child 'Child K', we would not only medicalise the child's history, but also place the justifiable claim of the parents for anonymity above the personality and suffering of the first 'euthanasia' victim." Schmidt did not disclose whether the child's parents are still living.
Biography.
Gerhard Kretschmar was born in Pomssen, a village south-east of Leipzig. His parents were Richard Kretschmar, a farm labourer, and his wife Lina Kretschmar. Schmidt describes them as "ardent Nazis." Gerhard was born blind, with either no legs or one leg, and with one arm. (The original medical records are lost, and second-hand accounts vary.) He was also subject to convulsions. Brandt later testified that the child was also "an idiot", although how this was determined is not stated.
Richard Kretschmar took the newborn Gerhard to Dr Werner Catel, a pediatrician at the University Children's Clinic in Leipzig, and asked that his son be "put to sleep." Catel told him that this would be illegal. Kretschmar then wrote directly to Hitler, asking that he investigate the case and overrule the law that prevented "This Monster" (as he described his child) from being killed. As was usual with such petitions, it was referred to Hitler's private secretariat (the "Kanzlei des Führers"), headed by Philipp Bouhler. There it was seen by Hans Hefelman, head of Department IIb, which dealt with petitions. Hefelman and Bouhler showed the petition to Hitler, aware of his frequently expressed support for the "mercy killing" of people with severe disabilities.
Hitler summoned Karl Brandt, one of his personal physicians, and sent him to Leipzig to investigate the Kretschmar case. Hitler told Brandt that if Gerhard Kretschmar's condition was indeed as described in Richard Kretschmar's petition, then he, Hitler, authorised Brandt to have Gerhard killed, in consultation with the local doctors, and if any legal action were taken, it would be thrown out of court. In Leipzig, Brandt examined the child and consulted with Catel and another physician, Dr. Helmut Kohl . He also went to Pomssen and saw the Kretschmars. When Brandt informed the Leipzig doctors of Hitler's instructions, they agreed that Gerhard Kretschmar should be killed, although they knew this was illegal.
Death.
The Pomssen church register says that Gerhard Kretschmar died at Pomssen of "heart weakness" on 25 July. He was buried in the Lutheran churchyard three days later. Although no medical records exist, and although the testimony of Brandt and Catel after the war was contradictory and evasive, Schmidt believes that Gerhard was killed in the Leipzig clinic with an injection of a common drug such as luminal, and that the church register was falsified to conceal this fact.
Impact.
Historians have called this case a "trial balloon", a case deliberately selected to test and trigger the implementation of the euthanasia program that had been being prepared for months. Actually the killing of Gerhard Kretschmar was followed immediately with further actions in that direction, coming as it did shortly before the outbreak of World War II. In October, Hitler provided written authorization, backdated to 1 September, to Brandt and Bouhler to begin the systematic registration of children with severe disabilities, and to assemble a panel of doctors who would decide whether these children should be killed. Registration began on 18 August, only three weeks after Gerhard Kretschmar's death.

</doc>
<doc id="18928423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928423" title="NGC 6250">
NGC 6250

NGC 6250 is open cluster.

</doc>
<doc id="18928424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928424" title="Sounds for Silence">
Sounds for Silence

‘Sounds for Silence Baby Settling and Health Guide’ – now in its 2nd edition, is a comprehensive and practical book containing over 100 pages of advice for parents on baby settling strategies, managing irritability, and infant health issues. Dr Harry Zehnwirth reassures that parents are not alone in an empathetic and sometimes humorous way.
Evolving from a perceived need in the community, Dr Zehnwirth identified that the two most common problems experienced by new parents and babies are infant irritability and sleep difficulties. Sound for Silence CD and Health Guide Package, are based on Dr Zehnwirth’s over 20 years of Paediatric experience and provide a modern solution to the age-old problem of soothing unsettled babies. It also is based on Dr Zehnwirth’s knowledge that lullabies (and soft, ambient music) do not work to settle crying babies.
Looking for a practical answer, he realised the enormous benefits of using different sounds to settle babies. Not gentle lullabies that many expect, but the harsher sounds of our every day lives, the rhythmic patterns of continuous sounds. He blended and combined daily sounds, the background noises from the domestic environment layered with maternal physiological sounds, rather like sounds mimicking the womb and found they effectively distracted, engaged and soothed unsettled infants. 
Sounds for Silence has been featured on A Current Affair, Sunrise, and Channel 7 News.
Claims.
Trials found that babies responded best to low-pitched and consistent sounds These sounds were recreated or technically crafted with the help of an audio engineer. The trials showed that using the CD, 75% of babies settled in less than 5 minutes, 53% of babies settled in less than 60 seconds and 31% settled in less than 20 seconds.
Sounds for Silence received a strong vote of confidence from parents. Asked whether or not they would recommend the CD to other parents on a scale from 1 (definitely not) to 5 (definitely yes), 96.25% responded 4 or 5 on the yes end of the scale.
Criticisms.
Parents complain that the noises on the CD are unpleasant and irritating to listen to. Dr Zehnwirth agrees, but reinforces they are baby specific sounds. 
Another concern is that if you play the CD too loud it will damage the babies hearing. This is not true, consider how loud they cry.
Dr. Zehnwirth.
Dr Harry Zehnwirth is a consultant Paediatrician with more than 20 years of specialised medical education and experience. Paediatrics is a specialised area of medicine that involves the care of infants, children and adolescents. It encompasses neonatology, emergency medicine, management of acute illnesses and chronic conditions, as well as behavioural and developmental health.
The rapport Dr. Harry has with young patients, families and colleagues is testimony to the clinical competence he demonstrates as well as the trust and reassurance he engenders. He is a strong believer in the beneficial effects of fun and magic in medicine which he uses to distract, humour and reassure children (and their families) during medical consultations and hospital care. He is renowned for finding innovative treatment solutions such as "Tickle Therapy" which is now used as an effective form of chest physiotherapy for young children.
References.
Sound sleeping for infants. Hiscock H. 2007 Medical Journal of Australia (MJA) Volume 186 Number 1. January 2007 p. 44
The Crying Baby. Hiscock H. 2006 Australian Family Physician Volume 35 No 9 September 2006 pp 680-684
Sleeping like a baby. McKay P. 2006 Penguin Books Victoria p. 302
Sounds for Silence - Baby Settling & Health Guide. Zehnwirth H. 2006. oKIDokie Pty Ltd. Australia (ISBN 0-646-45384-X)
Sov Godt. En guide til foraeldre med sma born. 2005 Zehnwirth H. oKIDokie Pty Ltd.
External links.
http://www.babyuniverse.com.au/Childcare/Sounds_for_Silence-343-8-0-0.html
http://www.mja.com.au/public/bookroom/2007/hiscock/hiscock.html

</doc>
<doc id="18928426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928426" title="Kirovkənd">
Kirovkənd

Kirovkənd or Kirovkend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18928444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928444" title="Razy-Kend">
Razy-Kend

Razy-Kend is a village in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928445" title="Internal dosimetry">
Internal dosimetry

Internal dosimetry provides methods for calculation of radiation dose and risks from radionuclides incorporated inside human body. The Radionuclide deposited in human body will irradiate that person and will give dose to body until excreted or completely decayed from the body.
The internal doses for workers or members of the public exposed to the intake of radioactive particulates can be estimated using bioassay data such as lung and body counter measurements, urine or faecal radioisotope concentration, etc. The ICRP biokinetic models are applied to establish a relationship between the individual intake and the bioassay measurements, and then, to infer the internal dose.
Routes of intake.
There are a few routes of intake (of radionuclide) namely,
Inhalation is the most prominent route of intake. In a radioactive area, radionuclide particulate may be suspended in the air and can enter the body by inhalation. These particulates may be deposited in different parts of the respiratory tract depending upon their aerodynamic diameter.
Monitoring techniques.
In-vivo monitoring 
Internal dose monitoring of the radionuclides which emit radiation which can penetrate out of the body.For example X-rays, gamma rays of sufficient energy. It can be measured by deveces such as a Whole Body Counter.
A Whole Body Counter has a low background arrangement with counting systems
HPGe detectors are replacing detectors for measuring the low energy and high energy photons with appropriate electronic systems.
Calibration of these systems is carried out with different type of physical and mathematical phantoms. Physical phantoms include BOMAB, LLNL, JAERI, thyroid and the knee phantoms. Some of the renowned mathematical phantoms are MIRD, CRISTY and nowadays voxel phantoms also known as Computational human phantoms.
In-vitro monitoring
<br>Monitoring of the radionuclides present in the body using the bio-assay sample taken out of the body.For example urine sample,sweat, fecal sample etc.
Biokinetic modeling.
The International Commission on Radiological Protection ICRP models are used to simulate the distribution of the isotopes inside the human being. All current ICRP models, compiled in the ICRP Database of Dose Coefficients (ICRP 2001), can be represented by compartmental systems with constant coefficients. The conceptual model used by ICRP can be summarized as it follows. The human body can be divided in three systems: 
a) The human respiratory tract model (HRTM). This model is applied for modeling the intake of radioactive aerosols by inhalation. The detailed description is given in ICRP 66 (1994). If a person inhales instantaneously a quantity I, it is deposited directly in some compartments of the HRTM. The fraction deposited in each compartment is called Initial Deposition Fraction or IDF. It is a function of Activity Median Aerodynamic Diameter (AMAD), which includes size, shape, density, anatomical and physiological parameters as well as various conditions of exposure. The IDF values may be calculated either following the procedure described in ICRP 66 (1994) or obtaining it from the Annex F of ICRP 66 (1994). The general model of the HRTM is common to any element except the absorption rates {spt, sp, st} which are related to the chemical form of the element. ICRP gives default values of absorption rates according to types F, M or S. 
b) The gastrointestinal tract (GI).- This is applied for modeling the intake of particles in the GI tract following the model provided in ICRP 30 (ICRP 1979) and ICRP 105(ICRP 2005). Particles can be introduced in the GI Tract directly by ingestion, or from the RT. Deposition is in the stomach (ST). Part or all the flow is transferred, through SI, to the blood (B). The rate transfer from SI to B, is given by λB = f1 λSI/(1 – f1), where f1 is the fraction of the stable element reaching the blood (or body fluids). If f1 = 1 all flows from the stomach it goes to B. The value of f1 is associated to the element and their chemical form The GI tract model will be replaced by the called Human Alimentary Tract Model (HATM), but it is not published yet.
c) Systemic compartments.- . They are specific to an element or groups of elements (ICRP 2001). ICRP 78 (1997) establishes three generic groups: (i) hydrogen, cobalt, ruthenium, caesium, and californium, (ii) strontium, radium, and uranium and, (iii) thorium, neptunium, plutonium, americium, and curium. For other elements not included in ICRP78, the ICRP 30 model is applicable and they have the same generalized compartmental model as group (i). For the elements of each group the same model is applied although some parameters are specific to the element. From a mathematical point of view we can establish two groups: a) Elements whose biokinetic model does not involve recycling, this includes the group (i) and the elements where ICRP 30 is still applicable, and b) elements whose biokinetic models involve recycling, this includes group (ii) and (iii).
A few computer codes have been developed to estimate intake and calculate internal dose using biassay data.
Bioassay evaluations.
Biokinetic modeling is widely used in internal dosimetry and to evaluate bioassay data. Computer programs can be used for bioassay evaluations. The bioassay measurement values can be used to estimate unknown intake.

</doc>
<doc id="18928451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928451" title="List of tank main guns">
List of tank main guns

This is a list of tank main guns which are the primary weapon of combat for either a light, medium or heavy tank. Many tanks have other weapons installed in them such as machine guns, autocannons and small calibre mortars. The list does not include weapons installed in self-propelled artillery vehicles such as assault guns or tank destroyers that usually lack turrets. This is due to the unique nature of turreted tank tactics, its design and operation.

</doc>
<doc id="18928452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928452" title="Henri Filhol">
Henri Filhol

Henri Filhol (13 May 1843 - 28 April 1902) was a French medical doctor, malacologist and naturalist born in Toulouse. He was the son of Édouard Filhol (1814-1883), curator of the Museum of Toulouse.
After receiving his early education in Toulouse, he moved to Paris, where he obtained doctorates in medicine and science. In 1879 he was appointed professor of zoology at the Faculty of Toulouse. From 1894 to 1902 he occupied the chair of comparative animal anatomy at the "Muséum national d'Histoire naturelle" in Paris. In 1897 he became a member of the " Académie des sciences".
In the field of paleontology, he performed important studies of fossilized mammals in the phosphorites in Quercy.
He served as the expedition doctor and naturalist on the French 1874 Transit of Venus expedition to Campbell Island, New Zealand, with a peak on the island, Filhol Peak, being named after him. In 1883 with Alphonse Milne-Edwards, Léon Vaillant, Edmond Perrier and others, he embarked on a scientific journey aboard the Talisman.

</doc>
<doc id="18928453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928453" title="Severskoye, Azerbaijan">
Severskoye, Azerbaijan

Severskoye is a village in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928463" title="Fətəlikənd">
Fətəlikənd

Fətəlikənd (formerly Severskoye) is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,944. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928464" title="Tomushlv">
Tomushlv

Tomushlv is a village in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928467" title="Seytdar">
Seytdar

Seytdar is a village in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928472" title="Budenovka, Azerbaijan">
Budenovka, Azerbaijan

Budenovka is a village in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928473" title="Cəfərxan">
Cəfərxan

Cəfərxan (also, Dzhafarkhan) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 375. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928476" title="Nərimanov">
Nərimanov

Nərimanov (formerly Abbasbeyli) is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,072. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928479" title="Mustafa, Azerbaijan">
Mustafa, Azerbaijan

Mustafa is a village in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928484" title="Obyedinenka">
Obyedinenka


</doc>
<doc id="18928487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928487" title="Qardaşkənd">
Qardaşkənd

Qardaşkənd (also, Kardashkend) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 310. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928488" title="Zalqaraağac">
Zalqaraağac

Zalqaraağac (also, Zalkaraagach) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 889. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928489" title="Dadaşbəyli">
Dadaşbəyli

Dadaşbəyli (also, Dadashbeyli) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 677. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928494" title="Ali-Muratly">
Ali-Muratly

Ali-Muratly is a village in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928495" title="Seyidan">
Seyidan

Seyidan (also, Seydan) is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 878.

</doc>
<doc id="18928498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928498" title="Xankeçən">
Xankeçən

Xankeçən (also, Khankechan) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,381. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928501" title="Bëyukkend">
Bëyukkend

Bëyukkend is a village in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928502" title="Dzhanarly">
Dzhanarly

Dzhanarly is a village in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928503" title="Northern Link">
Northern Link

The Northern Link may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="18928505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928505" title="Nuraly-Kend">
Nuraly-Kend

Nuraly-Kend is a village in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928507" title="Dokshin">
Dokshin

Dokshin is a village in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928510" title="Khila Mirzali">
Khila Mirzali

Khila Mirzali is a village in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928513" title="Rep Your Hood">
Rep Your Hood

Rep Your Hood is Deez Nuts' first EP. It was released on August 20, 2007, by Stomp Entertainment. All of the albums instruments and lead vocals were done by JJ Peters, besides the guitar solo on "There's a Party Over Here Ain't Shit Over There" which is performed by Roman Koester of The Red Shore and the guest vocals performed by Ben Coyte (Day of Contempt, In Trenches), Joel Hamlin and Andrew Neufeld (Comeback Kid).

</doc>
<doc id="18928517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928517" title="Mam, Azerbaijan">
Mam, Azerbaijan

Mam is a village in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Mam is found in eastern Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928523" title="Muradbəyli, Sabirabad">
Muradbəyli, Sabirabad

Muradbəyli (also, Muradbeyli) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 574. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928524" title="Həsənli, Sabirabad">
Həsənli, Sabirabad

Həsənli (also, Həsənlı) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 881. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928528" title="Surra, Sabirabad">
Surra, Sabirabad

Surra is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,272. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928529" title="Charles Cadman">
Charles Cadman

Charles Cadman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18928537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928537" title="Surra (disambiguation)">
Surra (disambiguation)

Surra may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18928543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928543" title="Axısxa">
Axısxa

Axısxa is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,373. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928544" title="Karakyullug">
Karakyullug

Karakyullug is a village in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928547" title="Gez-Agzy">
Gez-Agzy

Gez-Agzy is a village in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928549" title="Agally">
Agally

Agally is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928550" title="Kyshlag-Zeyzit">
Kyshlag-Zeyzit

Kyshlag-Zeyzit is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928551" title="Syubyutu">
Syubyutu

Syubyutu is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928552" title="Qaratorpaq">
Qaratorpaq

Qaratorpaq is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 392. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928553" title="Bolludərə">
Bolludərə

Bolludərə (also, Bollydərə) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 412. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928554" title="Jack Harris">
Jack Harris

Jack Harris may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18928558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928558" title="Sarıca, Azerbaijan">
Sarıca, Azerbaijan

Sarıca is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,004.

</doc>
<doc id="18928560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928560" title="Qozlubulaq">
Qozlubulaq

Qozlubulaq is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 755. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928562" title="Agpilyakyan">
Agpilyakyan

It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928563" title="Alikhanly, Shaki">
Alikhanly, Shaki

Alikhanly is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928566" title="Magayny">
Magayny

Magayny is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928570" title="Korukhlar">
Korukhlar

Korukhlar is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928576" title="Segyutyu">
Segyutyu

Segyutyu is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928577" title="Daşüz">
Daşüz

Daşüz is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,243. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928579" title="Oraban">
Oraban

Oraban (also, Oravan) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,033. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928582" title="Salynchakh">
Salynchakh

Salynchakh is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928583" title="Ağyazı, Shaki">
Ağyazı, Shaki

Ağyazı is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928587" title="Kyshlak">
Kyshlak

Kyshlak is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928588" title="Cuma, Azerbaijan">
Cuma, Azerbaijan

Cuma (also, Cumakənd and Cumay) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,984. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928591" title="Malyy Dzhunut">
Malyy Dzhunut

Malyy Dzhunut is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928592" title="Karukhler">
Karukhler

Karukhler is a village in Shaki, Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928594" title="Arabbabirkhanly">
Arabbabirkhanly

Arabbabirkhanly is a village in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928596" title="Vasyl Fedoryshyn">
Vasyl Fedoryshyn

Vasyl Petrovych Fedoryshyn (; born March 31, 1981) is a male wrestler from Ukraine. He was born in Kalush, Ukrainian SSR. He finished fourth in the Men's Lightweight Freestyle event at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, won a silver medal in the same event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, and was eliminated in the first round of the 2012 Olympic tournament by Malkhaz Zarkua of Georgia at the London Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18928597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928597" title="Bala Surra">
Bala Surra

Bala Surra is a village in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Ərəbqardaşbəyli.

</doc>
<doc id="18928598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928598" title="Beştalı, Salyan">
Beştalı, Salyan

Beştalı (also, Beshtali) is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 520.

</doc>
<doc id="18928599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928599" title="NGC 6263">
NGC 6263

NGC 6263 is a galaxy.

</doc>
<doc id="18928604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928604" title="Mikhaylovskoye, Azerbaijan">
Mikhaylovskoye, Azerbaijan

Mikhaylovskoye is a village in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928609" title="Sarvan, Salyan">
Sarvan, Salyan

Sarvan is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,508. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928618" title="Ərəbqardaşbəyli, Salyan">
Ərəbqardaşbəyli, Salyan

Ərəbqardaşbəyli (also, Arabkardashbeyli) is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 935. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928620" title="Quyçu">
Quyçu

Quyçu is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 704. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928621" title="Gregg Groothuis">
Gregg Groothuis

Gregg Groothuis (born May 1, 1970) is an American professional wrestler, known by his stage name Jack Bull, who competed in North American independent promotions including Impact Zone Wrestling, the National Wrestling Alliance and Ultimate Pro Wrestling as well as Japanese promotions HUSTLE, New Japan Pro Wrestling and Pro Wrestling ZERO1. 
In March 2005, Groothuis signed a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment. He was initially assigned to Deep South Wrestling and then to Ohio Valley Wrestling at the end of the year. During his time in Ohio Valley Wrestling, his bitter feud with Joey Mercury finally ended with a surprise victory in December 2006.
Career.
Early life and career.
Born in Orange, California, Gregg Groothuis moved to Venice, Florida where he spent most of his childhood. He began watching "Championship Wrestling from Florida" as early as 7 years old and was a fan of Sting, Dusty Rhodes and The Road Warriors (Hawk & Animal). His ring name was inspired by an interview by Dusty Rhodes in which he described looking into a ring full of bulls ""..the head bull was the Jack Bull; the one who stood out from the others"". 
He excelled at sports during his teenage years, especially, track, weight lifting and football, where he was a top recruit from the State of Florida as a tight end. Graduating with Honors and President of Venice High School, he earned an athletic scholarship to Marshall University in Huntington, West Virginia and graduated with a B.A.Psychology and then a Masters in Science in Organizational Training and Development. While at Marshall he played college football where he moved from tight end to Center due to having two All Conference upper classmen in front of him. This was until a devastating car accident ended his college football career. 
He had met Marc Mero while working out at a local Venice gym. A former wrestler for World Championship Wrestling, Mero had been involved in running independent shows in Florida at the time and had offered to help him break into professional wrestling. However, already accepted to Marshall College, he instead declined the offer and instead chose to go to school.
While attending grad school, Groothuis was working part-time as a bouncer for a local bar. The particular bar that he worked at occasionally hosted wrestling events and, at one of these, he was asked to be a last minute replacement for a local wrestler that was unable to show up. He was offered training by the promoter, however he was in the middle of studying for his comps and final exams and turned the offer down. He began training in martial arts soon after this however, being taught by a prominent Japanese Jiu-Jitsu master in the Huntington-area, and considered taking part in the Ultimate Fighting Championship but Gregg couldn't dedicate the time needed to excel while working full-time and preparing his Master's Thesis and studying for comps.
After receiving his post-graduate degree, Groothuis moved to Phoenix to help his mother and aunt with expanding their business. By this time, he decided to began training at a wrestling school. He was originally going to train at Shawn Michaels' Texas Wrestling Academy in San Antonio, Texas, but instead chose to study at Bill Anderson's "School of Hard Knocks" school in San Bernardino, California after meeting Superstar Billy Graham. 
He spent months training under Ricky Reyes and Rocky Romero with several other students including Pinoy Boy before making his debut in Ultimate Pro Wrestling. Through Ricky Reyes, Groothuis appeared at the promotion's Saturday light shows then held at the LA Boxing Club in Huntington Beach. Among his early opponents included Horshu, John Cena, John Heydenreich and Nathan Jones. He also had a memorable match with future Ultimate Pro and Pro Wrestling ZERO1 star Skulu training with him for over a month before meeting in the ring. "UPW "Reunion": Season's Beatings", a dvd released by the promotion, featured a Four Corner match between himself, Ruckus, Bison and Horshu.
As well as wrestling in various Southwestern independent promotions, he also toured Japan with Pro Wrestling ZERO1, HUSTLE and New Japan Pro Wrestling. Wrestling as the New Jersey Power Warrior and Russian 54, Groothuis appeared at "Hustle 5" losing to Judo O at the Yokohama Arena and "Hustle 6" where he and The Pirahnian Monster XX lost to Mr. USA & Katsuhisa Fujii at the Aichi Prefectural Gym in Nagoya, Japan. Both events were shown live on Japanese PPV. He also had a brief stint in IWA Puerto Rico as well as appearances in dark matches on "WWE Velocity".
Impact Zone Wrestling.
Moving back to Phoenix in 2002, Groothuis began training at Navajo Warrior's wrestling school. Later becoming an instructor there, he also began wrestling regularly for his Phoenix-based promotion Impact Zone Wrestling and eventually won the heavyweight title in a championship tournament two years later.
On February 5, 2003, Groothuis substituted for one of the IZW Tag Team Champions during a title defense against the Killer Klowns at the Rodeo Nights in Phoenix. Midway through the match however, Groothuis walked out on his partner allowing the Killer Klowns to win the tag team titles. Groothuis later won the IZW Tag Team Championship himself when he and Chris Kole defeated G.Q. Gallo & Lawrence Tyler on February 3, 2004. After they lost the titles, the two engaged in a long running feud which lasted half a year. 
His feud with Chris Kole was finally reached its conclusion when he defeated him in a Loser Leaves Town match on August 17, 2004. In October, he beat Kharma and teamed with Hollywood Yates at an Ultimate Pro Wrestling losing to Rikishi & Skulu at the end of the month. Feuding with Lawrence Tyler during the next few weeks, he lost to Tyler on November 9 but came back to defeat him in a 2/3 falls match to retain the IZW Heavyweight title on November 23. 
Defeating Nick DeCarlo on January 4, 2005, he suffered a disqualification loss to Bryan Danielson that same month. On February 1, he beat Cowboy Jack Durango and, two weeks later, teamed with Navajo Warrior & Hawaiian Lion in a 6-man tag team match defeating Lawrence Tyler, Jack Durango & Train on February 15. On March 1, he lost a match against Train for the IZW Heavyweight title. The following day, he signed a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment. Other IZW mainstays such as Derrick Neikirk, Antonio Mestre and Lawrence Tyler were also signed to WWE contracts.
On March 15, he defeated The Lynch Mob (Ryan Lynch & Lucha Reigns) in a Handicap match and, the next night, he made his last appearance with Impact Zone Wrestling losing to The Honky Tonk Man being pinned after the Shake, Rattle and Roll.
Deep South Wrestling.
Groothuis was assigned to its developmental territory Deep South Wrestling and, on September 1, he appeared on the promotion's debut show defeating "Irish" Ryan O'Reilly. Angel Williams was his valet during their match, however she did not appear with Bull in later matches.
Several days later, he and Ryan "Silverback" Reeves lost to The Regulators and, on September 15, he lost to Freakin Deacon. He soon began picking up a string of victories during the next weeks with victories over Eric Alexander, Vik Delicious and, accompanied by Daisy Mae, Ryan O'Reilly. On October 20, he wrestled two matches in one night defeating Palmer Cannon and Freakin Deacon by disqualification. In less than 30 seconds into the match, Freakin Deacon attacked Groothuis causing Cannon's disqualification. Both Freakin Deacon and Cannon continued attacking Groothuis, including whipping him into the ring steps, until Nick Patrick arrived to break it up. When Groothuis faced Freakin Deacon later that night, his head was bandaged. During the match, Freakin Deacon was disqualified after assaulting the referee however he continued to further injure Groothuis until Mac Johnson and High Impact (Tony Santorelli & Mike Taylor) ran into the ring on his behalf. This was his last DSW appearance before being assigned to Ohio Valley Wrestling in December.
Ohio Valley Wrestling.
In his OVW debut, Groothuis lost to CM Punk on December 3 and, a week later, he and Kasey James lost to The Riggs Brothers at a house show. Four days later, he appeared in a dark match losing to Deuce Shade. On January 21, 2006, a match between him and Roadkill ended in a double disqualification. Although defeating him the following night, Groothuis would lose matches to Chet The Jet, Elijah Burke and Roadkill during the next two months.
On March 11, Groothuis defeated Pat Buck, Discord, Chuck Evans, Luis Almodovar and Mikey Batts in a six-way match. Following this victory, he became a villain with an evangelist in-ring persona and sang ""Amazing Grace"" before matches. He would lose matches to Chet The Jet and, in a tag team match, he and Vic Devine lost to Ryan Reeves and Mikey Batts three days later. He also lost to The Miz on March 26.
On April 15, under the name Generic Bay Bland, he lost to Jason Riggs and, almost a week later, he and Pat Buck lost The Riggs Brothers. On May 3, he lost a no disqualification match to OVW Television Champion Seth Skyfire. During the match, The Miz and his former valet Roni Jonah began taunting Skyfire. Skyfire then left then ring and began fighting with The Miz outside the ring. The referee began counting out Skyfire, but was stopped by Groothuis who challenged him to a no disqualification match. Returning to the ring, Skyfire agreed and called for the bell then pinned him with a rollup seconds later.
Although losing to Cody Runnels and Elijah Burke on June 3, he won a battle royal to become the number one contender to the OVW Heavyweight Championship two days later. He and Deuce n' Domino also defeated Runnels, Burke and Mikey Batts in a 6-man tag team match on June 8. During the next two days, he and Burke traded victories against one another. At the July 16th OVW Six Flags show, he teamed with Rahim, Pat Buck and Deuce n' Domino in a 10-man match losing to Roadkill, KC James, Cody Runnels and Mo and Chet the Jet at Six Flags Kentucky Kingdom. He and Pat Buck lost to Roadkill and Kasey James on June 17 and, four days later, he lost to Seth Skyfire in a rematch for the OVW Television title. At the OVW Six Flags show on June 30, he faced The Highlanders (Rory and Robbie McAllistair).
In early-July, Groothuis began a storyline involving his alcoholism. On July 7, he missed his scheduled match and later showed up at the event intoxicated alongside ODB. Winning a Gauntlet match to earn a title shot for the OVW Heavyweight title on June 15, he defeated Lennox Lightfoot in a dark match that same week. On July 21, he passed out in the corner during a match. The following night, he teamed with Cody Runnels and Discord to beat Rod Steele, Jon Bolen and Andy Vein. On July 27, he also teamed with Runnels and Shawn Osborne to defeat Aaron Stevens, Kasey James and Mike Mondo. The next night at OVW Six Flags show, he won a Rumble match.
On August 2, he defeated Johnny Punch in a dark match. Later that week, he teamed with Cody Runnels and Shawn Spears to beat Vic DeVine, John Bolen and Steele and won a battle royal at the OVW Six Flags show. Among the participants included John Bolen, Pat Buck, Elijah Burke, Eddie Craven III, Mike Kruel, Lennox Lightfoot, Ranger Milton, Shawn Osborne, Johnny Punch, Seth Skyfire, Rod Steele, Shad Gaspard, Neighborhoodie, Los Locos (Ramón and Raúl) and The Untouchables. Losing to CM Punk on August 16, he defeated Vic D. Vine in several matches later that month. On September 9, he defeated Shawn Osborne and, during the next few weeks, he began appearing with Sosay as his valet. The following month, he again defeated Vic D.Vine and The Bear, Raul of Los Locos dressed in a bear suit. He also defeated TJ Dalton by countout on November 1.
During the fall, Groothuis began feuding with Joey Mercury. Losing to Mercury on November 5, he challenged Mercury to a drinking contest which he won. He also beat him via disqualification in a mixed tag team match teaming with Katie Lea against Mercury and Beth Phoenix. On November 29, Groothuis attempted an escape artist stunt involving heavy chains. During the stunt, Mercury came out attacking his publicist Sosay and then hit Groothuis with a chair.
Mercury again attacked Groothuis after he had defeated Aaron Stevens at an OVW television taping several days later. However, he and Steve Lewington defeated Idol Stevens and Joey Mercury on December 9 and, with CM Punk, beat them in a rematch at an OVW television taping. On December 20, also defeated Joey Mercury in a Grudge match.
On January 3, 2007, he defeated The Original Sinn in a dark match and Daniel Rodimer three days later. On January 10, Groothuis appeared with Sosay to perform a "Feat of Strength" with help from Justin "The Ox" LaRoche and Charles "The Hammer" Evans. LaRoche and Evans turned on Groothuis however and continued attacking him until Idol Stevens intervened and ran them off.
On January 17, he and Atlas Debone (with Sosay) lost to Charles Evans & Justin LaRoche at an OVW television taping. Three days later, Groothuis was one of many wrestlers including Seth Skyfire, Thomas Farra, Tracy Taylor, Mike Taylor and Tony Salantri who were released from developmental contracts as part of a general cost-saving measure.
Return to the independent circuit.
Returning to the independent circuit, Groothuis lost to Tank Toland at a Hoosier Pro Wrestling event in Columbus, Indiana on March 3. A month later, he made a surprise appearance at an IZW show interfering in a match against "Hawaiian Lion" John Williams and Jon VonCross. As a result, Williams won via disqualification. Siding with VonCross in his ongoing feud with Williams, Groothuis was in his corner when he faced Williams for the IZW Heavyweight title on May 8. On May 22, Groothuis defeated Mike G. in Tempe, Arizona. He also made a brief return to OVW appearing at an OVW television taping on June 13 and, two days later, defeating Nickolas Sinn at the OVW Six Flags show. On July 2, Groothuis took on Williams himself but failed to unseat the champion. 
On January 2, 2008, Groothuis was scheduled to perform a stunt during an interpromotional supercard between IZW and NWA Arizona, the latter promotion closing and merging with IZW. Held at the Broadway Recreation Center in Mesa, Arizona, he was stopped by IZW Board of Director's representative Strangler Steve King and then attacked by "The Limited Edition" Tommy Drake. Feuding with Tommy Drake during the next weeks, he defeated Drake on January 29. He and Lil' Nate also defeated Drake & Sexy Sonny Samson in a tag team match on February 12. 
On July 1, at an interpromotional event between IZW and NWA Pro, he pinned Dean Radford at The Sets in Tempe, Arizona. He also appeared in the corner of "Wolf" Hollywood Yates in his match against The Great Ryan Lynch, accompanied by Steve King, on July 17. On August 12, he and Steve King defeated Tyson Tyler and Tommy Drake.

</doc>
<doc id="18928622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928622" title="Seyidsadıqlı">
Seyidsadıqlı

Seyidsadıqlı (also, Seidsadykhly) is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,055. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928625" title="Karakashly">
Karakashly

Karakashly is a village in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928626" title="Arbatan, Salyan">
Arbatan, Salyan

Arbatan is a village and the most populous municipality, except for the capital Salyan, in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 5,463. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928633" title="Gulshan-e-Ravi">
Gulshan-e-Ravi

Gulshan-e-Ravi is an area in Lahore, Pakistan. The name ""Gulshan-e-Ravi"" means ""the Garden of Ravi"" possibly due to its location which is near the Ravi River.
It is situated at the corner of the city, near the Ravi River. It is neighboured by {Chowburji,Samanabad }, Multan Road , Band Road (L.R.R.(lahore Ring Road )),Chowk Yateem khana Mandi [Sabzazar,Sanda Kalan, Islampura ( Krishan Naghar ). The area contains almost 75% of all Lahore's banquet halls. It contains Lahore's second Moon Market (the first one being in Allama Iqbal Town). It was equired in 1976 & built in 1980 as part of a government project.There are two big parks in this scheme, 1 at double roads & 2 on Khawaja Fareed Road (Chowburji Band Road).

</doc>
<doc id="18928647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928647" title="WHALE (Safety Program)">
WHALE (Safety Program)

The WHALE Program is a child safety program focused on rescue workers and automobile accidents. W.H.A.L.E. stands for “We Have A Little Emergency.” This car seat safety program was developed by Connie Day, a caregiver from Virginia. In the event of an automobile accident that incapacitates the adult driver and passengers, rescue personnel will have a difficult time identifying children riding in car safety seats. In some situations, these adults may not be related to the child passenger; therefore, conventional means of obtaining information will be useless. In these cases, W.H.A.L.E. can make a significant difference.
The program consists of three parts:
The W.H.A.L.E. Kit contains:
The program is supported by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="18928653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928653" title="Jack Harris (Newfoundland and Labrador politician)">
Jack Harris (Newfoundland and Labrador politician)

John James "Jack" Harris MP (born October 27, 1948) is a Canadian lawyer and politician from Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. Harris is the New Democratic Party (NDP) Member of Parliament for St. John's East and is a former leader of the Newfoundland and Labrador New Democratic Party. He currently serves as the Official Opposition Critic for Defence.
Politics.
Harris first became a member of the Canadian House of Commons after winning a by-election in the riding of St. John's East on July 20, 1987. Harris was the second NDP candidate ever elected to the House of Commons in Newfoundland and Labrador. He was subsequently defeated in the 1988 federal election.
Harris was elected to the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly in a 1990 by-election and became leader of the provincial New Democrats in 1992. He was re-elected to the Legislature in the 1993, 1996, 1999 and 2003 elections. He retired from provincial politics in 2006 and was succeeded by Lorraine Michael as leader of the party as well as the Member of the House of Assembly for Signal Hill-Quidi Vidi. At the time of his departure, his former law partner Danny Williams was Premier of Newfoundland and Labrador.
In the 2008 federal election Harris was again elected as the Member of Parliament for the riding of St. John's East. He received 74.1% of the vote, which was the fifth highest winning percentage in the election. Following the election Harris was appointed as the party's Critic for National Defence, and on several occasions has been named one of "The Backbench Top Ten", for his performance in the House of Commons, by Maclean's Magazine. Harris was re-elected in the 2011 federal election.

</doc>
<doc id="18928654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928654" title="Arbatan">
Arbatan

Arbatan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18928660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928660" title="Cheng Chu Sian">
Cheng Chu Sian

Cheng Chu Sian (Chinese: 钟础先; born 1 March 1986 in Kuala Lumpur) is an athlete from Malaysia, who competes in archery.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Cheng finished his ranking round with a total of 660 points. This gave him the 26th seed for the final competition bracket in which he faced Matthew Gray of Australia in the first round, 109-101. With a win over Matti Hatava of Finland (110-103) he qualified for the third round and there he faced Lee Chang-Hwan of South Korea. Both archers scored 105 points in the regular match and had to go to an extra round. Here Cheng advanced with 19 points, while Lee hit 18 points. In the quarter finals Cheng was unable to beat Bair Badënov of Russia (109-104). Badënov went on to win the bronze medal.
Together with Wan Khalmizam and Muhammad Marbawi he also took part in the team event. With the 660 score from the ranking round combined with the 675 of Khalmizam and the 659 of Marbawi, Malaysia were in third position after the ranking round, which gave them a straight seed into the quarter finals. With 218-213 they were however eliminated by the Italian team that eventually won the silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18928661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928661" title="Laurenti Mohochi Educational Foundation">
Laurenti Mohochi Educational Foundation

Kusoma International - Laurenti Mohochi Educational Foundation is a nonprofit organization created to enable access to quality education for children of impoverished and marginalized communities (particularly in the Kuria District of Kenya). It is named after the father of Sangai Mohochi, faculty member with the Stanford University Swahili Department. [http://swahililanguage.stanford.edu/faculty.html]
Vision.
The vision of Kusoma International - Laurenti Mohochi Educational Foundation is that all underserved children - regardless of gender - will, through education, have a positive impact on their community and the world.
Mission.
The mission of Kusoma International - Laurenti Mohochi Educational Foundation is to empower impoverished and marginalized communities (particularly in the district of Kuria, Kenya) by enabling their children, regardless of gender, access to quality education, in order to develop their full capabilities and equip them well to fight poverty, ignorance and disease in their communities and the world.
Goals.
The goals of Kusoma International - Laurenti Mohochi Educational foundation include the following:
References.
1. Stanford University Swahili Department -- Faculty

</doc>
<doc id="18928665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928665" title="Yeni Uluxanlı">
Yeni Uluxanlı

Yeni Uluxanlı (until 2008, Aydıngün) is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,060.

</doc>
<doc id="18928666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928666" title="Kürsəngi">
Kürsəngi

Kürsəngi is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,818. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928669" title="Varlı">
Varlı

Varlı is a village in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928671" title="Peyk">
Peyk

Peyk is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,060. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928677" title="Pambıqkənd">
Pambıqkənd

Pambıqkənd is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,981. The municipality consists of the villages of Pambıqkənd and Bəşirbəyli.

</doc>
<doc id="18928679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928679" title="Düzənlik">
Düzənlik

Düzənlik is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 954. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928681" title="Dagkolany">
Dagkolany

Dagkolany is a village in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928682" title="Sachyarni">
Sachyarni

Sachyarni is a village in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928684" title="Jack Harris (broadcaster)">
Jack Harris (broadcaster)

Jack Harris is an American radio and television personality based in Tampa, Florida who co-hosts the morning drive time program on 970 WFLA and is a broadcaster with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, the Tampa Bay Storm and the Outback Bowl. He has been involved in local radio and television in the Tampa, Florida market since 1970.
Biography.
Early life and beginnings in radio.
Harris was born William H Harris Jr. in Logan, West Virginia on September 18, 1941 to Elaine (née Stolings) and William Harris. After high school, Harris attended Davidson College for a year and a half and transferred to West Virginia University from where he graduated in 1963.
Harris was named a distinguished military graduate in his ROTC class and spent two years as a lieutenant in the Intelligence Branch of the United States Army, with tours in the Dominican Republic and Vietnam.
Harris began his radio career in 1959 in Logan at WVOW and followed by ten years in Morgantown, West Virginia at WAJR.
Tampa Bay broadcasting.
Harris moved south in 1970, taking a job as production director and mid day disc jockey with WFLA radio. A year later, he moved to afternoons and in 1972, became the morning personality.
After producing a parody piece called "Floridians, a Yankee's Opinion" in 1974. Through this piece, Harris received offers to move to larger markets and subsequently took a job as morning personality at WRC radio in Washington D.C., working alongside figures such as Willard Scott.
Within little time, the parent company of the station, NBC, switched it to an all-news format, moving Harris to the FM station, WKYS, which was among the first all-disco stations in America.
After declining an offer to move to the NBC owned station in Chicago, WMAQ, Harris returned to mornings at WFLA in Tampa.
Sports broadcasting and television.
In 1976, Harris became a member of the first broadcast team for the newly created Tampa Bay Buccaneers and began play-by-play with the USF men's basketball team. Within short time, he also began play-by-play with the soccer team, the Tampa Bay Rowdies. After small positions at Tampa's WTOG and WFLA-TV television stations in the seventies, he became a host of the afternoon program "Pulse Plus!" on WTVT channel 13 in 1984.
After its end in 1989, Harris moved on to WFLA channel 8 hosting a similar program, until 1992 when his afternoon talk show "Harris & Company" premiered on the same station, which ran for eight years. Since then, he has been a restaurant reviewer for Bay News 9 and a commentator for the 5 PM news at WFTS-TV.
Recent years.
In 1986, Harris was fired from WFLA and was shortly thereafter picked up as a member of the Q Morning Zoo on WRBQ-FM. In 1988 he moved back to WFLA-FM (now WFLZ), which was at the time, Z93 a classic hits station. In less than a year, it switched to its current Top 40 format, then known as Power 93. Harris subsequently became a member of their own morning program, the "Power Pig". In 1993, he returned to WFLA AM mornings, alongside of Tedd Webb. The two were joined by Sharon Taylor from 1997 to 2009, and continue to host a successful AM radio morning show.
In addition to this, Harris served six years as the Alcalde (honorary mayor) of Ybor City, briefly had a regular column with The Tampa Tribune and has released a book of satirical essays and recipes titled "Jack Harris Unwrapped".
Today.
Currently, Harris continues to host "AM Tampa Bay" on 970 WFLA and "The Mayors Hour", a Public-access television show in Hillsborough County along with the Tampa mayor since 1996. He continues to cover play-by-play commentary on the radio broadcasts for the Outback Bowl and the Tampa Bay Storm, as well as pre-game and halftime radio programming for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. He is currently the voice of Tampa International Airport.
Harris has been married since 1986 and has one son, Jackson, born 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18928685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928685" title="Khamid-Bek">
Khamid-Bek

Khamid-Bek is a village in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928687" title="Sabirli">
Sabirli

Sabirli is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 380. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928690" title="Sabir, Shamakhi">
Sabir, Shamakhi

Sabir is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 4,055. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928697" title="Muhammad Marbawi">
Muhammad Marbawi

Muhammad Marbawi Sulaiman (born January 30, 1983 in Pengkalan Hulu) is an athlete from Malaysia, who competes in archery.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Marbawi finished his ranking round with a total of 659 points. This gave him the 27th seed for the final competition bracket in which he faced Chen Szu-Yuan in the first round. Although Chen was only the 38th seed he managed to beat Marbawi with 107-106.
Together with Wan Khalmizam and Cheng Chu Sian he also took part in the team event. With the 659 score from the ranking round combined with the 675 of Khalmizam and the 660 of Cheng Malaysia were in third position after the ranking round, which gave them a straight seed into the quarter finals. With 218-213 they were however eliminated by the Italian team that eventually won the silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18928698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928698" title="Dapto High School">
Dapto High School

Dapto High School is a high school located in Dapto, New South Wales, Australia. It was opened in 1958 and has around 935 students enrolled. The current principal is Mr Andrew FitzSimons.
The high school celebrated its 50th year of teaching by having a whole school photo taken containing every student and faculty member. The picture was featured on the cover of the "Illawarra Mercury". The High School held its 50th anniversary celebrations in May 2008.
Staff.
Principal
Replaced retired Principal Terry Birch, who left at the end of 2002. Arrived in mid-2004 to assume duty from relieving principal Al Voysey, who returned to role of Deputy Principal.
Deputy Principals
Transferred from Glenwood High School and replaced retired Deputy Principal Peter Johnson. Assume duty on the first day of Term 2, 2009.
Replaced DP Al Voysey who transferred to Vincentia High School at the end of Term 1, 2006. Assumed duty in Term 4, 2006. Responsible for years 7,9,11. Teacher of Advanced English Course, Year 11, 2009.
School ranking.
On the basis of the 2007 New South Wales Higher School Certificate, Dapto High School was ranked number 602 out of a total of 673 schools whose students sat the HSC in New South Wales. In 2007 Dapto High School students received 5 total credits from 87 Year 12 students who attempted 443 exams giving a 2007 success Rate of 1.13%. In 2006 6 total credits were gained from 472 attempts and the 2006 success rate was 1%.
These types of league table analyses have been criticised by statisticians as they do not allow for the nature of schools. For example, James Ruse Agricultural High School is a selective school whose students are in the top 5% of the state at the time of intake but do not achieve to that level in the HSC. League tables do not account for socio-economic factors either.
School-to-work program.
In 2002, Dapto was the subject of a case study for its school-to-work program, which chronicled how the school innovated a centralized reporting program via school reports, which turned around an otherwise unsuccessful program and made the program a "whole new approach" which was recommended for other schools. As a result of this program the school's careers advisor, Steve Heinecke, was awarded the title of top careers advisor in New South Wales in 2005.
Fire.
On 6 June 1999, a suspicious fire occurred at Dapto High School which caused about A$100,000 in property damage. Two girls, one 12 and one 13, were charged with arson.

</doc>
<doc id="18928707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928707" title="Kitty Hawk">
Kitty Hawk

Kitty Hawk or Kittyhawk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18928710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928710" title="Həmyəli, Shamakhi">
Həmyəli, Shamakhi

Həmyəli (also, Həmjəli) is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of . 

</doc>
<doc id="18928712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928712" title="Qurdtəpə">
Qurdtəpə

Qurdtəpə (formerly Novodmitriyevka) is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 804. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928713" title="Characteristic X-ray">
Characteristic X-ray

Characteristic X-rays are emitted when outer-shell electrons fill a vacancy in the inner shell of an atom, releasing X-rays in a pattern that is "characteristic" to each element. Characteristic X-rays were discovered by Charles Glover Barkla in 1909, who later won the Nobel Prize in Physics for his discovery in 1917.
Characteristic X-rays are produced when an element is bombarded with high-energy electrons. When a high-energy electron (the incident electron) strikes a bound electron (the target electron) in an atom, the target electron is ejected from the inner shell of the atom. After the electron has been ejected, the atom is left with a vacant energy level, also known as a core hole. Outer-shell electrons then fall into the inner shell, emitting quantized photons with an energy level equivalent to the energy difference between the higher and lower states. Each element has a unique set of energy levels, and thus the transition from higher to lower energy levels produces X-rays with frequencies that are characteristic to each element. When an electron falls from the L shell to the K shell, the X-ray emitted is called a K-alpha X-ray. Similarly, when an electron falls from the M shell to the K shell, the X-ray emitted is called a K-beta X-ray. Sometimes, however, instead of releasing the energy in the form of an X-ray, the energy can be transferred to another electron, which is then ejected from the atom. This is known as the Auger effect, and the second ejected electron is known as an Auger electron.
Applications.
Characteristic X-rays can be used to identify the particular element from which they are emitted. This property is used in various techniques, including X-ray fluorescence spectroscopy, energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy, and wavelength-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy.

</doc>
<doc id="18928715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928715" title="Əhmədli, Shamakhi">
Əhmədli, Shamakhi

Əhmədli is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 502. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928718" title="Sis, Azerbaijan">
Sis, Azerbaijan

Sis is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 346. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928720" title="Zarat, Shamakhi">
Zarat, Shamakhi

Zarat is a village in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928721" title="Səfalı">
Səfalı

Səfalı is a village in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Dəmirçi.

</doc>
<doc id="18928725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928725" title="Padar, Shamakhi">
Padar, Shamakhi

Padar is a village in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928727" title="Barsum">
Barsum

Barsum is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928728" title="A333 road">
A333 road

The A333 is a short road in Surrey, England. It runs between the Hazel Grove junction of the A3 trunk road and the centre of Hindhead both in the large semi-rural civil parish of Haslemere, centred on the town of that name. It was a section of the A3 trunk road until it was re-numbered in 2011, as planned, on the Hindhead Tunnel's construction which bypasses it. 
Route.
The A333 is a short, straight road close to the north-west edge of civil parish of Haslemere which it runs within. It climbs between the Hazel Grove junction of the A3 trunk road and the centre of Hindhead, the highest village in the county, in high semi-rural parts of the Waverley (district) at the south-west corner of Surrey. The first point is at the western edge of the locality or hamlet named Nutcombe and the north-eastern endpoint is the centre of the touristic village that features the Devil's Punch Bowl. It was formerly a section of the A3 trunk road and was re-numbered in 2011 in the Department for Transport's system as planned on the Hindhead Tunnel's construction.
It runs to/from the Hazel Grove junction of the A3 and the centre of Hindhead where it has access to the high point's car parks and a junction with the A287.
Previous allocation.
This number was previously allocated to a rural route in neighbouring Hampshire, running SSE from Winchester to Cosham via Wickham, which was downgraded in stages between 1983 and 1994 and renamed B2177 and B3335 once the M3 and M27 motorways were finished.

</doc>
<doc id="18928731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928731" title="Gintarė Scheidt">
Gintarė Scheidt

Gintarė Scheidt (born Gintarė Volungevičiūtė on November 12, 1982) is an Olympic medal-winning dinghy sailor from Lithuania.
Volungevičiūtė competed in the Olympic debut series for the women's single-handed dinghy class, the Laser Radial, in 2008.
She won the 4th and 5th fleet races in the Olympic Laser Radial series, as well as the medal race, the last (10th), winning the silver medal. 
She was the only sailor in the Lithuanian 2008 Olympic team.
She married Robert Scheidt in October 2008 and took his surname.
References.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below.

</doc>
<doc id="18928732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928732" title="Martuni, Azerbaijan">
Martuni, Azerbaijan

Martuni is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928742" title="Saler">
Saler

Saler is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928746" title="Kyuilyar">
Kyuilyar

Kyuilyar is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928759" title="California State Assembly elections, 1992">
California State Assembly elections, 1992

The 1992 California State Assembly elections were held November 3, 1992. California's State Assembly in its entirety comes up for election in even numbered years. Each seat has a two-year term and members are limited to three 2-year terms (six years). All 80 biennially elected seats in the Assembly were up for election this year. Democrats expanded their majority by one seat.
Results.
Final results from the California Secretary of State:

</doc>
<doc id="18928782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928782" title="Ashagy Khalilbeyli">
Ashagy Khalilbeyli

Ashagy Khalilbeyli is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928787" title="Keltakhnaly">
Keltakhnaly

Keltakhnaly is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928788" title="Kelbasan">
Kelbasan

Kelbasan is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928797" title="Chugunlu">
Chugunlu

Chugunlu is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928799" title="Yuxarı Çaykənd">
Yuxarı Çaykənd

Yuxarı Çaykənd is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 226. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928803" title="Yeni Göyçə">
Yeni Göyçə

Yeni Göyçə is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 215. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928804" title="Geoffrey Adjet">
Geoffrey Adjet

Geoffrey Adjet who was born on April the 15th 1988 in Marseille, France he is a French football player who is currently without a professional contract but playing for an amateur French team Toulouse Fontaines Club.
Career.
Adjet joined Toulouse Fontaines Club as a twelve year old as a left winger . Before leaving as a 16 year old left back .
Adjet began his professional career with Toulouse FC . However failed to make an appearance for the first team in this spell. Despite this he did make several appearances for the "B" team as he was only 16 years old, Geoffrey was then loaned out in the winter of 2007/2008 to Blagnac FC (a fifth tier side) . This move was to help him gain experience as he was only 18/19 years old at the time. Blagnac FC is located in Toulouse so Adjet would not have to relocate by a great distance. After this loan spell he joined fourth tier side Toulouse Fontaines Club but the 5th of June 2008 he left the club after only making one appearance for the side after joining from his loan spell at Blagnac FC . He then signed a contract with AS Nancy, a club UEFA president Michel Platini spent seven years with scoring 98 goals in 181 appearances as a attacking midfield player. Adjet went on to make six appearances at this club scoring a decisive goal against Stade Malherbe Caen as his team won 1-2.
On the 29th June 2009 Tours FC signed the left-back on a free transfer as he was released by AS Nancy.
He went on to make twenty one appearances for Tours FC scoring one goal from left-back. He was competing for places alongside current Arsenal FC players Olivier Giroud and Laurent Koscielny.
After his contract at Tours FC expired he failed to renew his contract at another club, he then played in/for National Union of Professional Footballers, this team includes unemployed professional footballers from around France.
In late 2013 Geoffrey Adjet signed for Toulouse Fontaines Club in the 6th division of French league football. Despite this many still believe he is good enough for a higher level football and would be a decent acquisition for any ligue 1 or ligue 2 team in France.
Estimated Market Values.
August 2008(AS Nancy): £50,000
May 2009(AS Nancy): £270,000
December 2009(Tours): £50,000
May 2011(Tours): £50,000
Video Game Appearances.
Adjet appeared in three editions of EA Sports video game . (09, 10 & 11)
His best attribute was always his strength.

</doc>
<doc id="18928807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928807" title="Gyulyambir">
Gyulyambir

Gyulyambir is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
Near Gyulyambir village located Armenian Karmravank monastery, which was constructed in 751

</doc>
<doc id="18928809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928809" title="Nərimanlı, Shamkir">
Nərimanlı, Shamkir

Nərimanlı is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 334. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928813" title="Varlı Həyat">
Varlı Həyat

Varlı Həyat is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 128. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928817" title="Mehrili, Shamkir">
Mehrili, Shamkir

Mehrili (also, Mehralı) is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,048. The municipality consists of the villages of Mehrili, Qaraqocalı, and Çaylı.

</doc>
<doc id="18928821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928821" title="Dalitire">
Dalitire

Dalitire is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928823" title="Göyməmmədli">
Göyməmmədli

Göyməmmədli is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qasımalılar.

</doc>
<doc id="18928827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928827" title="Hacıalılar, Shamkir">
Hacıalılar, Shamkir

Hacıalılar is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 481. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928831" title="Qasımalılar">
Qasımalılar

Qasımalılar is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 855. The municipality consists of the villages of Qasımalılar and Göyməmmədli.

</doc>
<doc id="18928832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928832" title="Ələsgərli, Shamkir">
Ələsgərli, Shamkir

Ələsgərli is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 880. The municipality consists of the villages of Ələsgərli and Kamandar.

</doc>
<doc id="18928834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928834" title="Mahmudlu, Shamkir">
Mahmudlu, Shamkir

Mahmudlu is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,252. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928837" title="Qaralar, Shamkir">
Qaralar, Shamkir

Qaralar (also, Karalylar) is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 536.

</doc>
<doc id="18928840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928840" title="Tomakhly">
Tomakhly

Tomakhly is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928841" title="Jack Hudson">
Jack Hudson

Jack Hudson is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18928843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928843" title="Plankənd, Shamkir">
Plankənd, Shamkir

Plankənd is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928845" title="Rakhmanov">
Rakhmanov

Rakhmanov is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928847" title="Takhnali">
Takhnali

Takhnali is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928849" title="Csaba Csordás">
Csaba Csordás

Csaba Csordás (born 9 August 1977 in Kecskemét) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for ASK Kohfidisch.
<br> CAREER IN NB I <br>
Since the beginning of his career and up to 2006, Csaba Csordás has played in 154 games and has scored 21 goals.
<br>
Since the 12 August 2006 and up to now, Csaba Csordás has played in 43 games and scored 15 goals in the NB II for Kecskeméti TE. In the 2007/08 season, he was a member of the Kecskeméti TE team that won the second division championship. This season he has played in 2 games and has scored 1 goals.
<br>
HoNOURS <br>
Hungarian League: <br> Winner 1999
<br>
Hungarian Second Division: <br> Winner 2008
<br>
FIFA World Youth Championship: <br> 1st Round 1997
<br> REFERENCES:-

</doc>
<doc id="18928850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928850" title="Khuduf">
Khuduf

Khuduf is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928853" title="Tars-Dallyar">
Tars-Dallyar

Tars-Dallyar is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928854" title="Tatlı, Samukh">
Tatlı, Samukh

Tatlı (also, Tatly) is a village and municipality in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 926. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928857" title="Syunnyulyar">
Syunnyulyar

Syunnyulyar is a village in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928861" title="Shamsadin">
Shamsadin

Shamsadin is a village in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928864" title="Beriyakend, Samukh">
Beriyakend, Samukh

Beriyakend is a village in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928866" title="Sabira">
Sabira

Sabira is a village in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
References.
Togrul

</doc>
<doc id="18928868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928868" title="Füzuli, Samukh">
Füzuli, Samukh

Füzuli is a village and municipality in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,389. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928869" title="Juan Carlos Stevens">
Juan Carlos Stevens

Juan Carlos Stevens (born October 22, 1968 in Santiago de Cuba) is an athlete from Cuba, who competes in archery.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Stevens finished his ranking round with a total of 659 points, which gave him the 28th seed for the final competition bracket where he faced Calvin Hartley in the first round, in which he beat the archer from South Africa. Both archers scored 107 points in the regular match, but in the extra round Stevens scored 19 points and Hartley scored 18 points. Stevens went on to reach the quarter finals by beating Alexandru Bodnar (108-101) and Alan Wills (108-104). In the quarter finals he also scored 108 points, but his opponent Park Kyung-Mo did the same and they had to go into the extra round which the South Korean won with 19-17.

</doc>
<doc id="18928872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928872" title="Hacıalılı, Samukh">
Hacıalılı, Samukh

Hacıalılı is a village and municipality in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,097. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928875" title="Kirov, Samukh">
Kirov, Samukh

Kirov is a village in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928876" title="Qırmızı Samux">
Qırmızı Samux

Qırmızı Samux is a village and municipality in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Nearby towns are:
<br>
<br>
It has a population of 2,319.

</doc>
<doc id="18928879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928879" title="Tomullu">
Tomullu

Tomullu is a village in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928881" title="Poylu, Samukh">
Poylu, Samukh

Poylu is a village and municipality in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 568. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928888" title="Poylu">
Poylu

Poylu or Poyli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18928890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928890" title="Ivan Fernald">
Ivan Fernald

Ivan Christiaan Fernald (born 7 December 1955) is a Surinamese politician, currently serving as the Minister of Defence since 1 September 2005.
Previously Fernald was director of the Institute for Economic Administrative Secondary Education (IMEAO).
As Defence Minister Fernald sent the military into the interior to assist with flooding in 2006, and was involved with planning a Jungle Warfare School in Suriname for foreign military services.

</doc>
<doc id="18928897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928897" title="Cəndəhar">
Cəndəhar

Cəndəhar (also, Çəndahar and Chandakhar) is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Zarat.

</doc>
<doc id="18928898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928898" title="Takyaliakty">
Takyaliakty

Takyaliakty is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928902" title="Giləzi, Siazan">
Giləzi, Siazan

Giləzi is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928904" title="Günəvşa">
Günəvşa

Günəvşa is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Yuxarı Ələz.

</doc>
<doc id="18928906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928906" title="Ashaga Fyndygan">
Ashaga Fyndygan

Ashaga Fyndygan is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928907" title="Qalaşıxı">
Qalaşıxı

Qalaşıxı (also, Kalashykhy) is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Zarat.

</doc>
<doc id="18928908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928908" title="Palkhash">
Palkhash

Palkhash is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928910" title="Nardaran, Siazan">
Nardaran, Siazan

Nardaran is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Beşdam.

</doc>
<doc id="18928911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928911" title="Ağbash">
Ağbash

Ağbash is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928912" title="Salapy">
Salapy

Salapy is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928913" title="Yashma Tretiy">
Yashma Tretiy

Yashma Tretiy is a village in Sumqayit, Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928914" title="Kizilov">
Kizilov

Kizilov is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.
This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928916" title="Səfixanlar">
Səfixanlar

Səfixanlar is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928917" title="Mirzələr">
Mirzələr

Mirzələr is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928918" title="Əskipara, Tartar">
Əskipara, Tartar

Əskipara (also, Askipara and Əksipara) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,029. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928920" title="Sarvanlar, Tartar">
Sarvanlar, Tartar

Sarvanlar is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928922" title="Agaps">
Agaps

Agaps is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928923" title="Zolgörən">
Zolgörən

Zolgörən (also, Zolgəran and Zolgeran) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 300. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928926" title="Yegakor">
Yegakor

Yegakor is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18928927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928927" title="Bildirçinli">
Bildirçinli

Bildirçinli (also, Bildirchinli) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Sarov.

</doc>
<doc id="18928931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928931" title="Chinari, Azerbaijan">
Chinari, Azerbaijan

Chinari is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.
This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18928947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928947" title="Markiyan Ivashko">
Markiyan Ivashko

Markiyan Volodymyrovych Ivashko (Ukrainian: Маркіян Володимирович Івашко; born May 18, 1979) is a Ukrainian archer.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Ivashko finished his ranking round with a total of 658 points. This gave him the 32nd seed for the final competition bracket in which he faced Daniel Morillo in the first round. The Spanish archer won the match by 115–107. Morillo would be eliminated in the following round by Juan René Serrano.
Together with Oleksandr Serdyuk and Viktor Ruban he also took part in the team event. With his 658 score from the ranking round combined with the 678 of Ruban and the 676 of Serdyuk the Ukraine were in second position after the ranking round, which gave them a straigh seed into the quarter finals. With 214–211 they were too strong for the Chinese Taipei team, but in the semi final they were eliminated by Italy 223–221. In the challenge for the bronze medal China was too strong with 222–219.
2012 Summer Olympics.
At the 2012, Ivashko was knocked out in the last 16 of the men's individual competition and he was part of the Ukrainian team that was knocked out at the quarter finals stage of the men's team competition. 

</doc>
<doc id="18928956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928956" title="Jonathan Hart">
Jonathan Hart

Jonathan Locke Hart is a Canadian poet, literary scholar and historian.
Hart trained at the University of Toronto and the University of Cambridge. He has held visiting appointments at Harvard University, Princeton University, Toronto, Cambridge and elsewhere and has given readings and lectures in many countries. 
Hart's poetry has appeared in "Harvard Review", "Grain", "Mattoid", and he has published books of poetry, such as "Breath and Dust", "Dream China" and "Dream Salvage". He has written extensively on Shakespeare (for instance, "Theater and World"), on literary theory ("Northrop Frye"), and on history, especially on empire and on the expansion of Europe (for example, "Representing the New World", and "Empires and Colonies"). His poetry often explores the psychology of landscape and a sense of loss and exile. A central concern of his creative work and non-fiction is the relation between history and fictions (literary and legal). 
"The Times Higher Education Supplement" revealed that since September 2011, Hart had simultaneously held two full-time academic positions until some time prior to 2013, one at the University of Alberta in Canada and another at Durham University in England. The University of Alberta only became aware of the situation in late 2012, and Hart is no longer employed by Durham.

</doc>
<doc id="18928958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928958" title="Soyuz TMA-18">
Soyuz TMA-18

Soyuz TMA-18 was a 2010 Soyuz flight to the International Space Station. TMA-18 was the 105th manned flight of a Soyuz spacecraft since the first manned flight in 1967.
Launch.
After a successful launch on 2 April 2010, the Soyuz TMA-18 spacecraft transported cosmonauts Alexander Svortsov, Mikhail Kornienko and NASA astronaut Tracy Caldwell Dyson of the Expedition 23/24 crew to the International Space Station (ISS). Spacecraft commander Skvortsov occupied the center seat of the Soyuz TMA-18 with Kornienko on his left and Caldwell Dyson on the right. The launch was perfect and the flight only experienced communications difficulties shortly after launch. The communication problem made it impossible for the Russian mission control officials to communicate with the crew until after they reached the preliminary orbit. However, a live on-board television camera clearly showed the crew was safe. After 9 minutes, the Soyuz spacecraft settled into a preliminary orbit of 143 miles by 118 miles. It also deployed antennas and solar arrays for power generation. The spacecraft spent the following two days orbiting the Earth gradually closing in on the ISS.
Soyuz processing.
Prior to the launch systems testing and integration of the rocket and spacecraft had been underway for several months. In February 2010 specialists at the RSC-Energia and Yuzhny Space Center tested the Kurs docking support system and onboard computer of the Soyuz reentry capsule. Autonomous tests of the Soyuz TMA-18 crew vehicle systems were also successfully completed at the Baikonur Cosmodrome and the integrated tests of the rocket commenced at site 254. Filling station (site 31) was prepared for further tanking of the Soyuz propulsion system by propellant components ad pressurized gases. In early March, containment tests on Soyuz TMA-18 were carried out at the vacuum chamber facility. Specialists from the TSKB-Progress in Samara and Yuzhny Space Center started assembling and testing of the Soyuz-FG rocket. Integration of the second stage and pneumatic tests of the first stage's units were performed on 16 March.
The Soyuz TMA-18 primary and backup crews arrived at the Baikonur Cosmodrome on 21 March. They arrived in two Tu-134 air planes. The Soyuz tanking was completed on 23 March and the spacecraft was returned to site 254, to proceed with further prelaunch operations.
On 31 March the Soyuz FG rocket carrying the Soyuz TMA-18 spacecraft was rolled out from the integration and test facility and was erected at launch pad 1.
Docking.
On 4 April 2010, three minutes ahead of schedule, Soyuz TMA-18 successfully docked to the "Poisk" module on the ISS at 5:25 UTC. Shortly after the initial contact automatic closing of Soyuz & MRM2 port hooks and latches took place while the space station was in free drift. As part of docking preparations, earlier attitude control authority had been handed over to the Russian Motion Control System at approximately 3:10 UTC. The control was returned to US CMG control at approximately 6:50 UTC. For the docking, the Russian thrusters were disabled during Soyuz volume pressurization and clamp installation and after wards returned to active attitude control. Before hatch opening, the crew performed leak checks of the Soyuz modules and the Soyuz/MRM2 interface vestibule. They then removed their Sokol suits, and Kornienko set them and their gloves up for drying. Skvortsov deactivated the BOA/Atmosphere Purification Unit in the SA/Descent Module, replaced the Soyuz ECLSS LiOH cartridges, equalized Soyuz/ISS pressures, and put the spacecraft into conservation mode on ISS integrated power.
After about 1 hour 45 minutes spent in Soyuz on pre-transfer activities, hatches were opened at 7:21 UTC and the crew transferred to the ISS. A welcome ceremony for the new arrivals followed hatch opening with family members and dignitaries participating from the Russian mission control center in Korolev. Skvortsov also installed the quick disconnect clamps of the docking & internal transfer mechanism (SSVP) to firm the joint.
The Soyuz spacecraft is intended to remain docked to the space station for the remainder of Expedition 24 to serve as an emergency escape vehicle.
Undocking difficulties.
Landing, originally scheduled for 1:34 UTC 24 September, was postponed due to difficulties in undocking the Soyuz spacecraft from the ISS. 
The crew entered the Soyuz TMA-18 on 23 September and closed the main hatch at 6:35 pm EDT. Skvortsov, Kornienko and Caldwell Dyson experienced problems getting a tight seal and were forced to open the Soyuz hatch for a quick inspection. The hatch later was sealed, but Expedition 25 flight engineer Yurchikhin working inside the space station had problems confirming a tight fit with the hatch on the ISS side of the interface. After an extended leak check, flight controllers in Moscow decided the docking interface was tight and leak free. As the countdown neared for undocking, commands were sent to open hooks on the MRM2 module side of the interface. But the mechanism did not respond. It was not clear what caused the hooks not to respond, however, Yurchikhin reported finding a small gear floating from the mechanism when he removed a cover.
A second landing window was missed at 4:35 UTC. But Russian engineers were unable to resolve the problem with the docking mechanism and the undocking attempt was called off. The Soyuz TMA-18 crew removed their pressure suits, opened the Soyuz hatch and returned to the space station.
Landing.
Marking the end of Expedition 24, Skvortsov, Kornienko and Caldwell Dyson successfully undocked their Soyuz TMA-18 at 10:02 pm EDT on 24 September from the Poisk docking port on the Zvezda module. After undocking and a normal descent, the Soyuz-TMA 18 spacecraft landed at 5:23 am GMT near Arkalyk, Kazakhstan. At that time the space station was orbiting 220 miles above over the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Japan.
Russian recovery teams and helicopters were on hand to help the crew exit the spacecraft and adjust to gravity after 176 days in space.
Mission insignia.
The Soyuz TMA-18 mission patch was designed by Nastya Berezutskaya of Kurchatov, Kursk region.

</doc>
<doc id="18928989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928989" title="Tomas Svensson">
Tomas Svensson

Tomas Runar Svensson (born February 15, 1968 in Eskilstuna, Södermanland) is a Swedish retired handball goalkeeper who is currently goalkeeper coach for Rhein-Neckar Löwen.
Player career.
Growing up in Eskilstuna it was only natural for him to play for the towns handball team, GUIF, and he was moved up to their senior squad at the age of fifteen. 1988, at the age of twenty, he made his first cap for Sweden and in 1990 he was one of the main forces in the national team who won the world championships. This success landed him a contract with Atlético Madrid BM in Spain where he played for some time before moving to CD Bidasoa. With this team he won his first Spanish championship in 1995. Right after this he moved to Barcelona where he stayed for several seasons, helping the team become the most prominent handball team in the world, winning just about everything there is to win - including international competitions like EHF Champions League and EHF Men’s Champions Trophy as well as Spanish competitions like Liga ASOBAL and Copa del Rey de Balonmano. Svensson moved to Germany and HSV Hamburg for a short while before returning to Spain, this time to play for Portland San Antonio. On May 8, 2012, Svensson officially announced his retirement as a player, but he will continue as a goalkeeper coach with the German top team Rhein-Neckar Löwen. 
Svensson retires (Swedish)
Trivia.
In 1991, he survived a plane crash in Gottröra, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="18928998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18928998" title="John Townshend">
John Townshend

John Townshend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18929002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929002" title="4th of August Party">
4th of August Party

The 4th of August Party (, "Komma 4is Avgoustou", Κ4Α) was a radical Greek nationalist political party, founded in July 1965 by a group of young nationalists and led by Konstantinos Plevris. It was named after and inspired by the 4th of August Regime of Prime Minister Ioannis Metaxas.
Ideology.
The 4th of August Party emerged during the postwar period and belonged to the revolutionary current of nationalist thinking of that time that opposed both major forces of the Cold War and sought a “third path” beyond capitalism and communism. The political party was made up of members that belonged to, and have been considered to represent, the radical nationalist movement, such as Konstantinos Plevris and Dimitrios Dimopoulos.
The party was described as being made up of idealistic youths that “sought a truly revolutionary proposal of life and believed in higher values and ideas, having lived through the degeneracy and counter-culture of Western capitalism, while recognizing the tyranny and ideological bankruptcy of communism”. In addition to opposing communism and capitalism, the party also rejected liberal democracy and parliamentarianism, which were deemed as unstable and degenerate political systems. 
Instead, the 4th of August Party advocated and worked toward the formation of a New National State. The form this new state would take was declared by the party’s emblem: a double-headed eagle resting above a meander. The double-headed eagle symbolized the Eastern Roman Empire while the meander symbolized ancient Greece as well as the synthesis of thought and action. The 4th of August Party had inherited from its namesake, the 4th of August regime of Ioannis Metaxas, the task of furthering the ideal of the Third Hellenic Civilization: a new state which would draw inspiration from the very best elements of classical and medieval Hellenism and, in the process, create a new Greek epoch.
Structure.
Internally, the 4th of August Party was structured on a military model and members were required to abide by a strict code of conduct in public as well as in their private lives. Since all supporters and sympathizers of the party could not be expected to follow the same strict discipline of full members, the party created subsidiary organizations to facilitate these individuals. However, members of the party's youth movement were expected to abide by the party’s code of conduct, earning them a reputation for “military discipline”.
History.
Formation.
The origins of the 4th of August Party trace back to the late 1950s student nationalist movement. The close interaction of various groups possessing both a national and social character, such as Auspicious Young People (Greek: Ελπιδοφόροι Νέοι) and Neo-Hellenic Movement (Greek: Νεοελληνικόν Κίνημα), brought together individuals who would play a major role in the formation and ideology of the 4th of August Party. In this way, the political circle of Konstantinos Plevris, Spyros Stavropoulos, and Fanariotis was introduced to the circle of Dimitrios Dimopoulos and Passadelis and the two united their forces in a joint effort. In the Spring of 1964 in a restaurant in Fokionos Negri the decision was made to create a broad nationalist front under the name of the "4th of August Party". In July 1965 the 4th of August Party was formally created. Konstantinos Plevris was chosen as its leader while, among others, Dimopoulos, Andreas Dendrinos, Spyridon Manolopoulos, N. Vasilopoulos, and Telemachos Kombis held administrative positions.
The Party's Height: 1965-1967.
Immediately following the party's formation a period of intense activity began, especially amongst the Greek youth. Within six months of the party's formation it had established offices in 14 cities and combatant cells in even more cities. On 1 August 1965 the first issue of the party's bi-monthly newspaper "4th of August" was published under Dimopoulos as its editor. While the party's offices continued to expand to other areas of Greece the city of Thessaloniki stood out as a strong power base, particularly among university students. The party's youth movement, Student National Vanguard (Greek: Φοιτητική Εθνική Πρωτοπορία), dominated the 1966 student elections of the University of Thessaloniki. By 1967 the party was publishing literature (e.g., books, magazines, pamphlets, posters, etc.), holding events (e.g., marches, speeches, lectures, symposiums, galas, dinners, etc.), and creating organizations to work in conjunction with the party. Aside from the Student National Vanguard, these also included Scholastic Nationalist Movement (Greek: Μαθητικό Εθνικιστικό Κίνημα), Union of Friends of the 4th of August Party (Greek: Ένωση Φίλων Κ4Α), and a trade union. It is notable that prefects and mayors were counted among the ranks of the Union of Friends of the 4th of August. The party also had a close relationship with Konstantinos Maniadakis, a personal friend and confidant of Ioannis Metaxas as well as the Minister of Security of the 4th of August government.
Foreign Relations.
The 4th of August Party enjoyed international relations with numerous nationalist political parties and governments around the world, as far away as Japan. The party had an especially close relationship with the Italian nationalist movement. As a result, a nationalist student organization called National Association of Hellenic Students of Italy (Greek: Εθνικός Σύνδεσμος Ελλήνων Σπουδαστών Ιταλίας or Ε.Σ.Ε.Σ.Ι.) headed by Spiros Stathopoulos (a member of Union of Friends of the 4th of August Party), which had a close working relationship with the Italian Social Movement (Italian: Movimento Sociale Italiano), was formed in Italy for Greek university students enrolled in Italian universities. The 4th of August Party also cultivated friendly relations with Colonel al-Gathafi’s Libya. Regarding Europe, the party believed in a united nationalist Europe (i.e. a Europe of sovereign, nationalist states united in cause and living in harmony with one another), which at the time was an original idea.
Relation with the military government of 1967-1974.
Though the advent of the military government on 21 April 1967 was initially welcomed by a number of members of the 4th of August Party, the relationship would prove to be very shaky and, at times, quite turbulent as a result of serious ideological differences between the radical 4th of August Party and the rightist 21 April regime. Immediately after the Colonels came to power the 4th of August Party, along with all other parties, was forced to disband by the government. In addition, the 4th of August Party's newspaper was censored by the junta, a fact that caused a considerable amount of indignation within the ranks of the then-defunct party. However, since the junta seemed to profess nationalist values, the party believed that it could transform the 21 April regime from reactionary right-wing military dictatorship to something more akin to Ioannis Metaxas' 4th of August regime and, ultimately, to a manifestation of the envisioned Third Hellenic Civilization ideal. As such, a number of high-ranking party officials such as Plevris and Dimopoulos accepted positions within the government and set this pursuit as their chief goal. 
The junta's opinion of the 4th of August Party was deeply divided and a source of constant strife. Some junta government officials—such as Konstantinos Aslanidis, Ioannis Ladas, Antonios Mexis, and Patilis—welcomed officials from the party into the new government while others were vigorously opposed on ideological grounds. This latter group, who believed in gradual democratization and capitalism, characterized their radical anti-capitalist and anti-democratic ideas as "extreme" and "fascistic" and, consequently, did what they could to neutralize the party's influence in directing the regime towards a more radical course. Ultimately, this faction won out and the junta actively began the political persecution of 4th of August members. During May 1974, after the counter-coup had placed Ioannides in charge of the junta, many members of the 4th of August Party, including significant figures such as Plevris and Dendrinos, were arrested and imprisoned.
Post-Junta Period and the end of the party.
After the collapse of the junta, Plevris and all of the other imprisoned 4th of August Party members were initially released in July as part of the general amnesty. The 4th of August Party was then reinstated in its second organizational phase and attempted to continue its pre-junta activities. However, the new liberal democratic regime of Karamanlis not only continued but intensified the political persecution of the 4th of August Party (and nationalists in general) that had begun during the junta period. During this period, there were allegations of state-sponsored persecution against 4th of August Party members which included police illegally entering and searching their homes, allegedly groundlessly arresting them, police allegedly overlooking para-state terrorism directed against the 4th of August Party, alleged police frame-ups of members of the party, and even alleged judicial bias directed against the party. In addition, Plevris and other leading figures of the party were arrested and detained; this led to the 12-year imprisonment of Aristotelis Kalentzis for terrorist activities (causing explosions, possession of explosives); Plevris himself was cleared, causing Kalentzis to launch a polemic against him, accusing him of being a para-state agent that framed him. Under such an atmosphere, the party could no longer function and a decision was made to suspend its activity in 1977. The final issue of the party's newspaper circulated in October of that year.
Legacy.
The 4th of August Party had a tremendous impact on the course of future nationalist parties and the contemporary state of Greek nationalism. The party's major contribution was that it gave contemporary Greek nationalism its ideological direction by drawing it away from both the political right and political left. While left-wing nationalism and right-wing nationalism are both very much alive in contemporary Greece and manifest through political parties, newspapers and magazines, and organizations, the transcendent nationalist ideology of the 4th of August Party has not only influenced those two camps to one degree or another but, moreover and far more significantly, is chiefly responsible for influencing the various strains of contemporary radical or revolutionary nationalism. In addition, most anti-junta sentiments among nationalists are based on the premise that the 21 April regime first halted and then destroyed the 4th of August Party’s ascendant course, something the party never recovered from. While many political factions have, over the years, aspired for the same unprecedented growth, popularity, and widespread appeal of the 4th of August Party (especially in regards to galvanizing the youth), none have ever achieved such success, even when such parties in question have achieved parliamentary representation.

</doc>
<doc id="18929022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929022" title="Ēriks Raisters">
Ēriks Raisters

Ēriks Raisters (26 November 1913 - 25 May 1942) was a Latvian right-wing football forward who played 27 international matches for Latvia between 1934 and 1940.
Club playing career.
Raisters' first senior club was JKS Riga, a club most known for raising young players which always left it for bigger and stronger sides. Raisters joined the side in 1931 and in his first year the club earned promotion back to the Latvian Higher League. Raisters played two more years for JKS as it finished 5th in Virsliga both years and before the 1934 he joined the most titled Latvian club - RFK for which he played until 1940. Over the years he played with RFK Raisters won three Latvian league titles and the Latvian Cup two times (in 1937 and 1939).
After Latvia was taken over by the Soviet Union and the formers sports clubs were disbanded Raisters was selected to play for FK Dinamo Riga in 1940, the next year he played for Dynamo Minsk. Raisters died on 25 May 1942 on the front.
National team playing career.
Raisters made his international début for Latvia on June 10, 1934 in a friendly match against Lithuania in Kaunas. However it was the single match he played for Latvia in 1934, he became a regular at the national team only in the following year. In his second match for Latvia (against Lithuania once again) on 30 May 1935 Raisters scored his first goal for the country. In total he played 4 matches for Latvia in 1935, two in 1936, eight in 1937, eight in 1938, three in 1939 and one in 1940 - in the last international match for Latvia before 1992. With 27 appearances (and six scored goals) for Latvia national football team Raisters was the 11th most capped footballer in the pre-war country.
Honours.
Club Titles
International Titles

</doc>
<doc id="18929045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929045" title="Moses Musa Sesay">
Moses Musa Sesay

Moses Sesay is the current Mayor of the City of Makeni in the Bombali district of Northern Sierra Leone.
Mr Sesay is the sixth of eleven children born to Edward Sallu Sesay and 'Tha' Kadiatu Sesay presently residents at the Azzolini Highway, Magbente Junction; in the outskirts of the City of Makeni.
Mr Sesay was elected at the recently concluded Local Government Elections on the 5th July 2008. A formal handing over from the outgoing Mayor Alhaji Andrew Kanu took place early in August after the Official inauguration of all the elected Councillors; Chairmen and the Mayor, of the Region.

</doc>
<doc id="18929066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929066" title="List of Flashpoint characters">
List of Flashpoint characters

The article contains characters who have appeared on the Canadian drama/action television series "Flashpoint".
SRU.
The Strategic Response Unit, modeled after the Toronto Police Service's Emergency Task Force unit, is responsible for high-risk situations that cannot be resolved by regular police officers such as armed criminals, explosives, hostage rescue and counter-terrorism including support to other police officers when requested.
There are 5 teams in the SRU, Team 1 being the one mainly featured in the show.
Main characters.
Sgt. Gregory "Greg" Parker (Enrico Colantoni)
Cst. (later Sgt.) Edward "Ed" Lane (Hugh Dillon)
Cst. Julianna "Jules" Callaghan (Amy Jo Johnson)
Cst. Samuel "Sam" Braddock (David Paetkau)
Cst. Michelangelo "Spike" Scarlatti (Sergio Di Zio)
Former characters.
Cst. (later Sgt.) Roland "Rolie" Cray (Gabriel Hogan)
Cst. Lewis "Lou" Young (Mark Taylor; episodes 1-23)
Dr. Amanda Luria (Ruth Marshall; episodes 1-17)
Cst. Kevin "Wordy" James Wordsworth (Michael Cram; episodes 1-49)
Cst. Rafik "Raf" Rousseau (Clé Bennett)
Cst. Donna Sabine (Jessica Steen)
Cst. Leah Kerns (Olunike Adeliyi; episodes 24-31, episodes 65-75)
Supporting characters.
Sophie Lane (Janaya Stephens)
Natalie "Nat" Braddock (Rachel Skarsten) 
Cst. Winnie Camden (Tattiawna Jones)
Cst. Kira Marlowe (Pascale Hutton)
Deputy Chief of Police Norm Holleran (Philip Akin)
Insp. Stainton (Bill MacDonald)
Cst. Peter Henderson (Stephen Amell)
Cst. Sidney Nelson (Nathan Mitchell)
Dr. Larry Toth (Victor Garber)

</doc>
<doc id="18929067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929067" title="Daniel Morillo">
Daniel Morillo

Daniel Morillo (born January 21, 1988 in Ibiza) is an athlete from Spain, who competes in archery.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Morillo finished his ranking round with a total of 657 points, which gave him the 33rd seed for the final competition bracket in which he faced Markiyan Ivashko in the first round, in which he beat the archer from Ukraine 115-107. In the second round Morillo faced Juan René Serrano, the leader after the ranking round with 679 points. In a tight match Serrano was the winner with 112-111 and advanced to the next round.

</doc>
<doc id="18929102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929102" title="Somalamma">
Somalamma

Soma (Sanskrit: सोम), or Haoma (Avestan), from Proto-Indo-Iranian *sauma-, was an important ritual drink for early Indo-Iranian peoples, and the later Vedic and greater Persian cultures. It is frequently mentioned in the Rigveda, which contains many hymns praising its energizing qualities. In the Avesta, Haoma has an entire Yasht dedicated to it.
In the Vedas, Soma is portrayed as sacred and divine (deva). The god, the drink and the plant probably referred to the same entity, or at least the difference was ambiguous. In this aspect, Soma is similar to the Greek ambrosia (cognate to amrita); it is what the gods drink and what makes them deities. Indra and Agni are portrayed as consuming Soma in copious quantities. The consumption of Soma by human beings was probably under the belief that it bestowed divine qualities on them.
The Goddess Somalamma protects the soma. The Goddess gives soma to her devotees to relieve their health and mental symptoms. The goddess Somalamma temples are mainly governed by the Goud communities. Every year, there is a gathering of many of her devotees in various temples in Andhra Pradesh.
See also.
Hindu goddesses

</doc>
<doc id="18929130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929130" title="Cor, Blimey!">
Cor, Blimey!

Cor, Blimey! is a 2000 TV film that follows the relationship between "Carry On" film actors Sid James (played by Geoffrey Hutchings) and Barbara Windsor (played by Samantha Spiro).
The film, first broadcast on ITV in April 2000, was adapted by Terry Johnson from his stage play "Cleo, Camping, Emmanuelle and Dick" which debuted at the Royal National Theatre in 1998.
Plot.
"Cor, Blimey!" starts with the arrival of Sid James's new wardrobe assistant at the set of "Carry on Cleo" at Pinewood Studios. The audience is introduced to Sid James, portrayed as a gambling womaniser, and Kenneth Williams (played by Adam Godley). The two men are depicted as bitter rivals with a genuine antipathy for each other. 
Barbara Windsor is at Pinewood Studios to dub one of her scenes in "Carry On Spying". Sid James meets her and immediately falls for her, although it is seen by everyone else, including Barbara, as just infatuation, not real love.
Sid continues to pursue Barbara, and keep an eye on her during the infamous flying bikini top scene in "Carry On Camping". Sid becomes obsessed with her while on location for "Carry On Girls". During the shoot Barbara decides to let Sid have one night of passion with her, which Sid accepts. Barbara suggested it believing that once he had slept with her Sid would lose interest in her. However, the two end up having a long term affair. 
By 1976 the affair is over and a few months later, Sid dies at the age of 62, following a heart attack on stage on the opening night of "The Mating Season" at the Sunderland Empire Theatre.
The drama ends with Kenneth Williams reassuring Barbara Windsor that Sid's death was not her fault and Barbara attempting to encourage Kenneth to enjoy life more. For the final scene only Windsor replaces Spiro to play herself.
Production.
Geoffrey Hutchings found it difficult to play Sid James because there was little archive material of James as himself. The actor used James' distinctive "guttural laugh" as a "way in" to the character. Samantha Spiro "felt a sense of responsibility" playing Barbara Windsor, who appears as herself in the final scene.
Basis in reality.
The drama is a fictionalised account of the affair which happened between Windsor and James. It also depicts other "Carry On" actors, Bernard Bresslaw, Kenneth Connor, Charles Hawtrey and Joan Sims as minor characters. The action covers the period from 1964 to the pre-production of "Carry on Emmannuelle" after Sid James' death on stage in 1976. However, events are not necessarily depicted in chronological order and a few liberties are taken with continuity, for example Bernard Bresslaw is depicted acting as "Harold Crump" in "Carry On Spying" and "the Cardinal" in "Carry On Henry" when in fact these parts were played by Bernard Cribbins and Terry Scott respectively.
Reception.
Mark Lawson, writing for "The Guardian", complimented Johnson's adaptation. He writes, "bringing the "Carry On" movies to television via the stage is his most complicated mixed-media installation yet, but it succeeds triumphantly ... Johnson understands how differently material needs to be shaped for theatre's rectangle of open air and television's oblong of glass." He praises the "depth and intelligence of Johnson's script." Lawson also praises Hutchings, Spiro and Godley's portrayals of James, Windsor and Williams respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18929136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929136" title="Frank Pacelli">
Frank Pacelli

Frank Pacelli (1934–1999) was an American television director and producer.
Awards and nominations.
Pacelli has been nominated for thirteen Daytime Emmy Awards in the categories Outstanding Direction for a Drama Series and Outstanding Drama Series Directing Team, for his work on "Days of our Lives" and "The Young and the Restless". He was nominated from 1979 to 1997, and won six times in 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1996, and 1997. He was also nominated for a Directors Guild of America award for Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Daytime Serials in 1998, for his work on Y&R. His first DE win was shared with Dennis Steinmetz, Rudy Vejar, Randy Robbins, and Betty Rothenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="18929143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929143" title="Mambo (album)">
Mambo (album)

Mambo is the fifth studio album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno, released on CBS-Epic in 1991. 
The duo's two previous studio albums "Carne De Melocotón" and "Bandido" had resulted in the release of two remix albums, "Mix in Spain" and "The Sugar Mix Album". "Mambo" was their first studio album on which the influences from contemporary dance music genres like house music, R&B and hip hop were fully integrated in the original production; the track "Feria" even saw the sisters making their debut as rappers. The album was also the first not to be entirely recorded in Spain or predominantly produced by their longtime collaborator Julio Palacios - it had no less than ten producers.
The lead single "Torero!", although as typically flamenco-flavoured as their international breakthrough single "Bandido", was in fact written and produced by Englishmen Nick Fisher and Garry Hughes and German Zeus B. Held and was recorded in London. Fisher and Hughes have since gone on to collaborate with numerous artists in the electronica/experimental/world music genres under the moniker Echo System, including Björk, The Shamen, Salif Keita, Garbage and Pop Will Eat Itself. "Torero!" was in 1992 covered in Turkish under the title "Yetti Artik" by Tarkan, one of Turkey's biggest stars both domestically and internationally. The song was included on his debut album "Yine Sensiz".
Follow-up single and title track "Mambo" was written and produced by Enrique "Kiki" Garcia and Hector Almaguer, both longtime collaborators with Gloria Estefan and Miami Sound Machine and writers of numerous hits for Julio Iglesias, Chayanne and José Luis Rodríguez. "Mambo" was Azúcar Moreno's first recording made in Miami, the United States and also the first to include Cuban influences, of which there would be plenty on the following albums "Ojos Negros" and "El Amor". In the United States the single reached #6 on Billboard's Hot Latin Tracks chart.
Further singles issued from "Mambo" include a cover of Nino Segarra's "Tu Quieres Más (Porque Te Amo)" (#12, US Hot Latin Tracks), "Lujuria" and "Ahora O Nunca", the latter composed by the team behind "Bandido". Just like the "Bandido" album, "Mambo" also featured a number of flamenco/dance cover versions of songs from a wide variety of genres; the 60s soul classic "(Your Love Keeps Lifting Me) Higher and Higher", originally recorded by Jackie Wilson, the Mexican standard "Bésame Mucho" from the 1940s, The Rolling Stones' 1966 hit "Paint It, Black" and "El Cóndor Pasa", a Peruvian Andean folk tune covered by Simon & Garfunkel on their final studio album "Bridge Over Troubled Water" in 1970. 
"Mambo", which sold double platinum in Azúcar Moreno's native Spain, became their proper breakthrough album not only in Latin America but also on the Japanese market where all their albums have been released ever since. The Japanese edition of "Mambo" was issued with different cover art and the CD included two tracks from their previous studio albums "Carne De Melocotón" and "Bandido", "Aunque Me Falte El Aire" and "Bandido", as bonus features. The ten track vinyl edition issued in most parts of the world omitted "Feria", "Paint It Black" and the alternate mixes of "Torero!" and "Mambo". In the United States the album reached #5 on Billboard's Latin Pop chart.
"Mambo" and "Tu Quieres Más (Porque Te Amo)" were both included on Azúcar Moreno's first greatest hits album "Mucho Azúcar – Grandes Éxitos", released in 1997.
Track listing.
CD 
LP
Side A
Side B 

</doc>
<doc id="18929154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929154" title="The Colossus of Rhodes (novel)">
The Colossus of Rhodes (novel)

The Colossus of Rhodes is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence, published in 2005. The ninth book of the Roman Mysteries series, it is set in spring AD 80, partly aboard ship in the Mediterranean, partly on the Greek islands of Symi and Rhodes (in this, it is noteworthy for being the first of the series to be set outside Italy, and is the first of two volumes to be set in Greece).
Title.
The title refers to one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World, the giant statue of the sun god Helios at Rhodes harbour. By the time of this novel, it had been lying broken on the ground for three hundred years but was still regarded as worth seeing. "The Colossus" is also one of the nicknames of Magnus, the powerful slave-dealer based in Rhodes.
Plot introduction.
The ship "Delphina" sets forth on a voyage to the Greek islands to find a mysterious slave-dealer behind the kidnapping of Roman children. The former magistrate Bato and the poet Flaccus join Flavia and her friends to hunt him down and rescue the missing children. Lupus has an additional mission of his own: to find his mother.
Plot summary.
It is April, and the beginning of the sailing season. The book opens on the marina pier at Ostia as the newly fitted "Delphina" (formerly the slave ship "Vespa") prepares to sail. Passengers and crew are saying goodbye to their loved ones, making Lupus keenly feel the absence of his family. Though the purpose of the voyage is to rescue the freeborn children sold as slaves by Venalicius (the ship’s former owner), Lupus secretly intends to find his mother and not return to Ostia. Several bad omens make Captain Geminus consider postponing the trip, but Lupus, as the ship's owner, insists on sailing immediately.
At the last minute, Marcus Artorius Bato joins the ship as a passenger, anxious to follow a recently departed Greek ship connected with fresh cases of kidnapping in Ostia. Other passengers are the children’s tutor Aristo, the patrician poet Gaius Valerius Flaccus and his slave-boy, Zetes. Crew members include Atticus the cook, the good-looking Silvanus, and Zosimus, who keeps homing pigeons. During the voyage several things go awry, and they begin to suspect there is a traitor on board.
They drop Aristo off at Corinth to visit his family, and call at Symi to find Lupus's mother. He discovers she has gone to Rhodes to dedicate herself to the temple. On the way to the island, they discover that Zosimus is the traitor, who has been sending messages ahead via his pigeons. Bato and Flaccus tie Zosimus up and interrogate him about the gang’s activities, but Flaccus is aghast to learn that Zetes, his own slave boy, is one of the gang’s freeborn abductees.
In Rhodes they learn about the mysterious slave overlord Magnus who has everyone dancing to his tune. Captain Geminus, Bato, and Flaccus leave the ship to investigate the slave vessel "Medea". Little do they know is that they are being lured into a trap: the "Medea" is brimisonming with Magnus's thugs, while other men of his sneak aboard the "Delphina" and take Flavia, Nubia and Jonathan as hostages.
Over the fallen Colossus, Lupus corners Magnus, who tells him that his friends have been captured and forces him to make a terrible choice: according to Magnus, Lupus’s mother has pledged to sacrifice her life to Apollo in exchange for her son’s safety; if Lupus runs to the temple, he might be able to save her, but in the meantime, the "Delphina" will set sail with Flavia and the others, and all the kidnapped children aboard.
Lupus remembers that, despite the vow he made to find his mother, he made another vow to always stand by his friends. He runs to the local authorities and brings the local police to the "Medea" in time to save Geminus and the others from the trap. They then return to the "Delphina" in full force, rescuing Flavia and the others. As soon as they are safe, Lupus runs to the temple, but is told he is too late.
However, Magnus was lying, or at least bending the truth: Lupus’s mother, Melissa, is not dead; she has become a priestess of Apollo, as she swore to do if she received word that her son was still alive, which she did a month earlier. She has already left for another temple in Greece. Lupus is saddened, but understands that his mother, like himself, made a vow which she cannot break.
The day is saved, though Magnus has managed to escape Rhodes. On the pretext of continuing his tour of Asia Minor, Flaccus swears to hunt him down and find all the children he sold as slaves, impressing Flavia.
The "Delphina" sets sail for her next port, laden with valuable cargoes, and carrying the four now-inseparable friends.
Child Slavery in the present day.
In her afterword, Caroline Lawrence urges the reader to be aware that child slavery is still a very real problem in the modern world, and directs him or her to a website on the subject maintained by "National Geographic" ("see External Links, below")
TV adaptation.
"The Colossus of Rhodes" was one of the novels adapted for the television series.

</doc>
<doc id="18929162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929162" title="Marshall Armstrong">
Marshall Armstrong

Marshall Smith Armstrong (June 13, 1914 – October 23, 2005) was an American and the first chairman of the Financial Accounting Standards Board.
Biography.
The son of William A. and L. Fern Smith Armstrong was born in Indianapolis, Indiana on June 13, 1914. He grew up in the nearby community of Shelbyville where he was graduated from Shelbyville High School in 1932. He played the saxophone in the high school band and his record in pole vault stood for many years.
He attended evening classes at Indiana University (1937–45) and Butler University (1945–46) but he did not complete the requirements for a degree. Honorary Doctor of Laws degrees were bestowed upon him in 1975 by Ball State University and Indiana University, where he lectured in accounting for ten years (1945–55). In 1985 he received an honorary Doctor of Business Administration degree from Butler University, where he served as a visiting professor of accounting (1978–82). During his professional career he maintained his association with Indiana University, serving as president (1954–55) of its Executive Development Program and a member of the Advisory Committee of the University's Management Institute (1956–57), and the Dean's Advisory Board of the School of Business (July 1974-July 1977). In 1974 he was elected as a member of the Indiana University Academy of Alumni Fellows. He was certified as a CPA in 1946 (Indiana).
His first job (1933) was as a vacuum sweeper salesman; he sold only one in an entire year, and that to a customer who was unable to pay. This was his first experience with an allowance for a bad debt. Over the next several years he held various jobs including shoe salesman for one year (1934), insurance agent (1935–36), manager of a shoe store for two months, and janitor of a utility company (1937). From the latter position he moved to the utility company's accounting department in 1938. In 1942 he left the field of utility accounting to become a staff accountant with the accounting firm Geo. S. Olive & Co. He became a partner in 1947 and managing partner in 1970, a position he held until he resigned to become the first chairman of the FASB, effective November 1, 1972. He started the job from a desk in the AICPA offices. He was one of the founders of the Financial Accounting Foundation (the parent of the FASB) and when he left the office of chairman on December 31, 1977, he left behind an effective organization of over 100 staff members. He is Chairman Emeritus of the FASB, and during 1978-79 he served as advisor to the Financial Accounting Foundation.
He was active in the AICPA, serving as president (1970–71), vice president (1969–70), and member of the Board of Directors (1970–72); he is a lifetime member of Council. As president of the AICPA, he appointed the Wheat and Trueblood committees. The Wheat Committee recommended the formation of the FASB and the Trueblood Committee emphasized the need for a reporting framework. He has also been on a number of AICPA committees including membership on the Committee on Auditing Procedure (1957–62), and Committee on Practice Review (1962–63). He was chairman of the Project Advisory Committee for the accounting research study on corporate stockholders' equity and the Committee to Study the Displacement of Local and Regional Firms Involved in SEC Registration (1962). For the years 1963-69, he served on the Accounting Principles Board. In 1960 he helped form the American Group of CPA Firms, a private national federation of regional firms; he served as its first chairman of the Board of Governors (1960–63). He served the Indiana Association of CPAs in numerous capacities including vice president (1960–61), president (1961–62), member of its Board of Directors (1960–62), and trustee of its Educational Foundation.
He spoke before many professional groups and he has written a number of articles for professional journals. He was a contributor to the Handbook of Accounting and Auditing published in 1981.
He was selected as an honorary member of Beta Alpha Psi and Beta Gamma Sigma. He was the recipient of the 1973 New York City Beta Gamma Sigma honor award and in 1975 he received the Distinguished Service Award from the University of Hartford's Center for the Study of Professional Accounting. His allegiance to the profession was again recognized in 1977 when he was awarded the AICPA's Gold Medal Award.
His civic and community activities are numerous including membership on the Advisory Board of St. Francis Hospital in Indianapolis (1969–72), Board of Overseers of The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania (1973–81), Advisory Board of the Securities Regulation Institute of the University of California (1974), and Board of Directors of J. C. Penney Company, Inc. (1978–85) and Nixon Enterprises, Inc. Marshall's private enjoyments included golf, fishing, boating, playing with his grandchildren, and music. In his youth, he sought a career as a professional musician and did, for a while, play the saxophone professionally. Mr. Armstrong married Marjorie L. Thompson on September 24, 1939. She preceded him in death, on May 28, 2000. Together, they had three children, the late Julie Armstrong Alexander, surviving are David Armstrong and his wife, Linda, of Aurora, Indiana and Kristi Armstrong Clerkin of Carmel, Indiana. His beloved grandchildren include David Alexander, Kelli Alexander Locke, Mark Clerkin, Alison Clerkin Laitas and her husband, Tim, Cutler Armstrong, Collin Armstrong, great grandchildren, Kelsey Alexander, Julianne Locke and Andrew Laitas.
Armstrong died surrounded by his family at St. Vincent Hospice in Indianapolis on October 23, 2005, aged 91.

</doc>
<doc id="18929166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929166" title="Jean-Charles Valladont">
Jean-Charles Valladont

Jean-Charles Valladont (born March 20, 1989 in Besançon) is an athlete from France, who competes in archery.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Valladont finished his ranking round with a total of 656 points, which gave him the 35th seed for the final competition bracket in which he faced Michael Naray in the first round. Naray, who was the 30th seed won the match by 108–106. He was eliminated in the following round by Viktor Ruban who would eventually win the gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18929232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929232" title="M. Jayachandran">
M. Jayachandran

Biography.
M. Jayachandran is a film score composer, singer, and musician in Malayalam films. He has won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Music Director for a record number of six times. In 2005, he also won the state award for best male singer. He has composed music for more than hundred films.
Jayachandran was born in Kochi and brought up in Trivandrum. Jayachandran began learning Carnatic music at the age of 5 under Attingal Harihara Iyer and later under Perumbavoor G. Raveendranath. Thereafter, he was a student of Neyyattinkara Mohanachandran for 18 years. He won the Carnatik vocal competition at the Kerala University youth festival four times in a row from 1987 to 1990. He began his career in the film industry as a playback singer for the movie "Vasudha" in 1992, then became an assistant to Malayalam music director G. Devarajan. In 1995, he became an independent music director through the film "Chantha".
Personal Life.
Jayachandran was born to Madhusudhanan Nair and Sukumari Amma on 5 April 1971. He completed electrical engineering graduation from College of Engineering,Trivandrum He had worked at Asianet before taking up full time music direction. Jayachandran married Priya on 12 November 1995. and has two sons Nandagopal and Karthik..Jayachandran has been on the judging panel of musical reality shows in Malayalam television.
Awards.
Honorary
Kerala State Film Awards:
Asianet Film Awards:
Filmfare Awards South
Asiavision Awards

</doc>
<doc id="18929274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929274" title="Third Sector Foundation of Turkey">
Third Sector Foundation of Turkey

Third Sector Foundation of Turkey (TUSEV) was established in 1993 by Turkey’s leading CSOs, and has now grown to a supporting network of over 100 associations and foundations that share a vision of strengthening the legal, fiscal and operational infrastructure of the third (non-profit) sector in Turkey. 
TUSEV’s programming is designed to promote a legally and fiscally enabling environment for nonprofit organizations,encourage strategic and effective giving, facilitate partnerships across the public, private & third sectors, support and engage the international community in learning about and collaborating with the Turkish third sector and conduct research on the sector's role, needs and dynamics to serve as a basis for civil society strengthening initiatives.
TUSEV is a member of European Foundation Centre, CIVICUS, International Society for Third Sector Research and WINGS. 
TUSEV has four programme areas.
Civil Society Law Reform: This program has been TUSEV’s core competency since its establishment in 1993. Over the years, the program has expanded significantly in line with the increased mandate for this focus in the sector. The key objective is to promote an enabling environment for CSOs in Turkey by acting as the key source of information and updates on legal and fiscal issues for the Turkish third sector, promoting mechanisms to increase CSOs participation in the policy making process and CSO-government cooperation, conducting independent policy analysis and advocating for reform, analyzing and monitoring of reform implementation and supporting implementation/capacity building for CSOs and governments in adapting to new legislation and processes.
Social Investment: TUSEV seeks to inform stakeholders (existing and potential donors) about strategic and effective practices, help create a more enabling infrastructure for social investment and philanthropy in Turkey, introduce and support the establishment of new mechanisms that enable the flow of resources to CSOs, such as community foundations and advise new donors and foundations on creating effective giving strategies.
International Relations and Networking:TUSEV, through its International Relations and Networking seeks to create common platforms to exchange best practices and ideas and facilitate cooperation between Turkish civil society organizations, their international counterparts and donors.
Research and Publications:: TÜSEV aims to undertake critical research initiatives on issues regarding the third sector and generate useful data and reports that will help to inform practitioners and promote dialogue among all stakeholders.

</doc>
<doc id="18929278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929278" title="Calvin Hartley">
Calvin Hartley

Calvin Hartley (born 15 April 1988) is an athlete from South Africa, who competes in archery.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Hartley finished his ranking round with a total of 654 points, which gave him the 37th seed for the final competition bracket in which he faced Juan Carlos Stevens in the first round. Both archers scored 107 points in the regular match and had to make the difference in the extra round. There Hartley scored 18 points, while Stevens advanced to the next round with 19 points. Stevens would eventually reach the quarter final.

</doc>
<doc id="18929325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929325" title="Diego Romero">
Diego Romero

Diego Romero may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18929345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929345" title="Yapto Soerjosoemarno">
Yapto Soerjosoemarno

Yapto Soerjosoemarno, full name KRT. Yapto Soelistyo Soerjosoemarno, S.H, is an Indonesian politician who is known as the leader of Pemuda Pancasila (Pancasila Youth), an organization of quasi-official political gangsters that supported the New Order military dictatorship of Soeharto, while also engaging in other lucrative but non-official criminal acts. Pemuda Pancasila played an important role in supporting Soeharto's military coup in 1965: they ran death squads for the Indonesian army, murdering thousands of alleged communists across the province of North Sumatra.
He was born 16 December 1949, in Surakarta, Central Java.His father, Ir. KPN. Soetarjo Soerjosoemarno, is a member of the Mangkunegaran Javanese nobility. Soerjosoemarno is also an expert in topography and geodesy who finished his education in the Netherlands. His mother, Dolly Zegerius, who is of Dutch origin is a competitive contract bridge player, and a naturalised Indonesian citizen.
Yapto Soerjosoemarno is known as the leader of Pemuda Pancasila (Pancasila Youth), an organization of semi-official political gangsters that supported the New Order military dictatorship of Soeharto. Indeed, Pemuda Pancasila played an important role in supporting Soeharto's military coup in 1965: they ran death squads for the Indonesian army, murdering thousands of alleged communists and Chinese Indonesians across the province of North Sumatra. The leaders of these death squads, Effendy Nasution, Jan Pahrum Lubis, Roshiman and others selected Yapto to lead Pancasila Youth in 1980. In addition to leading Pancasila Youth, Yapto today leads a political party formally affiliated with Pancasila Youth called the Patriot Party. He is also a lawyer and owns a law firm in South Jakarta, Indonesia. The Patriot Party is known for its loyalty to the family of former Indonesian President, the late General Suharto.
Yapto also heads other 'youth gangs'.
Yapto featured in the award-winning 2012 documentary "The Act of Killing", in which he is shown as a wealthy and misogynistic he-man. He has threatened to sue the film's director or producers.
Yapto married Retno Suciati and has three children: Golda Nayawitri B.D.K, Sahid Abishalom B.N.N.S, and Jedidiah Shenazar K.S. The Soerjosoemarno family includes several performers: Yapto's elder sister Marini is an actress, and his niece Shelomita (Marini's daughter) is a singer. Both he and his family have had frequent brushes with the law and have been detained.
On 12 March 2011, Yapto received a bomb disguised as a book named "Apakah Masih Ada Pancasila" (Does the Pancasila still exist?).

</doc>
<doc id="18929353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929353" title="Nuno Pombo">
Nuno Pombo

Nuno Pombo (born 20 April 1978) is an athlete from Portugal, who competes in archery.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Pombo finished his ranking round with a total of 650 points, which gave him the 42nd seed for the final competition bracket in which he faced Yusuf Ergin in the first round. With 106-103 Ergin was the winner of the confrontation and Pombo was eliminated. Ergin would lose in the following round against Lee Chang-Hwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18929393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929393" title="Diego Romero (sailor)">
Diego Romero (sailor)

Diego Emilio Romero Paschetta (born 5 December 1974 in Córdoba, Argentina) is an Argentine-Italian sailor. 
He earned a bronze medal in Laser at the 1999 Pan American Games on Lake Winnipeg, behind Brazil's Robert Scheidt and Mark Mendelblatt of the United States.
Romero competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics and 2004 Summer Olympics for Argentina. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics for Italy, where he won a bronze medal in laser class.

</doc>
<doc id="18929402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929402" title="David D'Apuzzo">
David D'Apuzzo

David D'Apuzzo (born 5 September 1988 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian footballer.
Biography.
Until December 2009, he was contracted as a left back for the A-League club Central Coast Mariners. David is also the brother of Newcastle Jets midfielder Adam D'Apuzzo. He formerly attended Trinity Grammar School in Summer Hill, Sydney, Australia with both his brother and former Sydney FC striker Ben Vidaic. He was the Captain of Football.
David left his contract with the Central Coast Mariners to focus on studying for a law degree. David re-signed with APIA Leichhardt for the 2010 NSW Premier League Season.

</doc>
<doc id="18929417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929417" title="Glycerol monostearate">
Glycerol monostearate

Glycerol monostearate, commonly known as GMS, is an organic molecule used as an emulsifier. GMS is a colorless, odorless, and sweet-tasting flaky powder that is hygroscopic. It is a glycerol ester of stearic acid. It occurs naturally in the body as a by-product of the breakdown of fats, and is also found in fatty foods.
GMS is a food additive used as a thickening, emulsifying, anti-caking, and preservative agent; an emulsifying agent for oils, waxes, and solvents; a protective coating for hygroscopic powders; a solidifier and control release agent in pharmaceuticals; and a resin lubricant. It is also used in cosmetics and hair care products.
GMS is largely used in baking preparations to add "body" to the food. It is responsible for giving ice cream and whipped cream its smooth texture. It is sometimes used as an anti-staling agent in bread.

</doc>
<doc id="18929428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929428" title="Kyle H. Mabson">
Kyle H. Mabson

Kyle H. Mabson (born February 1, 1987) is an American DJ, bassist, guitarist, drummer, vocalist, noise artist, producer and concert promoter, currently the Drummer for XBXRX. Active since 2005, Mabson is best known as a DJ either under his alias "DJ Z Kyle " or his given name. He is an ever present figure of L.A. associated with The Smell and Sean Carnage Monday Nights.
Mabson is a current member or has been a member of over 30 bands/musical projects varying widely in genre, ranging from improvisational noise to jazz and vocal. Including Beach Balls, Whitmen, Laco$te, Small Breed, Guns and Broses, Blacklight Jim Morrison, Violence and Positivity, Smooth Grooves, Toe Jam, the Jails Band, XBXRX, and The Red Hot Thilly Peppers among others. He also performs solo under his given name, Mabson solo performances are a combination of improvisational noise and DJ techniques. Mabson toured solo with Dan Deacon in 2008.
A key figure in the L.A. Scene, Mabson's most notable musical works are "Burger!" a one sided cassette release, and "Don't Stop Belevin'" a re-edit of the Journey classic that has become wildly popular in the L.A. Scene and a staple of his DJ sets. Mabson DJ sets rely heavily on 1990s dance music, especially European artists such as Aqua. He is also known for his blog "Celebrity Juggalos" which features digitally altered photos of celebrities and musicians in Juggalo facepaint, e.g. "slaygo" created by Travis von Sydow. the blog was featured in XLR8R magazine in 2008.
In 2012 Mabson created Mabson Enterprises, an on-line label, that put out 5 compilations of covers and remixes of Gotye's "Somebody That I Used To Know", Carly Rae Jepsen's "Call Me Maybe", Cher Lloyd's "Want U Back," Taylor Swift's "We Are Never Getting Back Together," and Nicole Westbrook's "It's Thanksgiving." In addition, two compilations for end of year 2012 and end of Q1 2013 have also been released.

</doc>
<doc id="18929453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929453" title="History of rugby union matches between New Zealand and the British and Irish Lions">
History of rugby union matches between New Zealand and the British and Irish Lions

The All Blacks first played against the British and Irish Lions in 1904, beating them 9–3 at Athletic Park, Wellington. Since then, there has been a total of 38 Test matches between the two teams, with the All Blacks winning 29 of them. The most recent test, held at Eden Park, Auckland, on 9 July 2005, finished in a 38–19 win for the All Blacks.

</doc>
<doc id="18929498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929498" title="David Montgomery (newspaper executive)">
David Montgomery (newspaper executive)

David Montgomery (6 November 1948, Bangor, County Down, Northern Ireland) is a Northern Irish newspaper editor, executive, proprietor and media investor. 
Early life and career.
Montgomery was born in Bangor in County Down, Northern Ireland, and attended Bangor Grammar School and Queen's University in Belfast, where he studied history and politics and edited the student magazine "The Gown". 
In 1973 he joined the staff on the "Daily Mirror", one of the UK's large-circulation tabloids. He became chief sub-editor in 1978. two years later he moved over to the rival publication, "The Sun". 
Newspaper editor.
Montgomery was later editor of "News of the World" from 1985 to 1987. He then became director of News (UK) Limited, a subsidiary of News International owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation.
Between 1992 and 1999 he served as chief executive of Mirror Group plc—publishers of the "Daily Mirror" and other national titles and a range of regional titles—following the death of its previous owner Robert Maxwell in 1991. During his tenure as Mirror Group CEO Montgomery oversaw a number of changes, including taking a stake in "The Independent" and its sister-paper "The Independent on Sunday". 
Early in 1999 Montgomery stepped down from the Mirror Group CEO role after some well-publicised running disagreements with the boardroom and the non-executive chairman Sir Victor Blank, and after a period for the company described by some commentators as "crisis-hit".
Later career.
In 2000 Montgomery founded Mecom Group, a London-based investment company that would specialise in mergers and acquisitions of newspaper and media companies in continental Europe. Mecom embarked on a series of European magazine and newspaper acquisition deals, including the 2005 purchase of Berliner Verlag, publisher of "Berliner Zeitung" and "Berliner Kurier". The acquisition was made in partnership with the American private equity firm and media broker Veronis Suhler Stevenson, part-financed with credit loans. Montgomery and his equity partners thereby became the first foreign owners of a German publishing group. The sale generated a degree of controversy among some German media observers, with a number of journalists and staff at Berliner Verlag's titles protesting the sale and voicing concerns over the direction the new shareholders would take the publications.
Personal life.
Montgomery is married to the painter The Hon. Sophie Montgomery. She is the daughter of The 3rd Baron Birdwood and ex-wife of The 3rd Earl of Woolton.

</doc>
<doc id="18929539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929539" title="Szilárd Éles">
Szilárd Éles

Szilárd Éles (born 1 October 1987 in Berettyóújfalu) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for BFC Siófok on loan from Mezőkövesd-Zsóry SE.

</doc>
<doc id="18929597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929597" title="Billy Lawrence">
Billy Lawrence

Billy Lawrence (born May 3, 1972, in Boca Raton, FL) is an American R&B/soul singer-songwriter, record producer and arranger.
Biography.
In 1992, Lawrence made her start in the music industry as a background singer for Jamaican singer Jimmy Cliff. Not long after she was signed to Eastwest Records when she recorded her debut "One Might Say" in 1994.
The album was a mixture of R&B, soul, rock, contemporary jazz, and newjack-hiphop. She was also featured on the song "Freedom" on Mario Van Peebles' "Panther" soundtrack in 1995.
In 1997, Lawrence had the first single and music video from the platinum soundtrack to the film "Set It Off" with the song "Come On" that featured female rapper MC Lyte. Elektra Entertainment released Lawrence's second album "Paradise". She was then featured on label-mate Rampage’s debut single "Take It to the Streets". She went on to tour with Busta Rhymes, Rampage and the Flipmode Squad. She made a cameo on Rampage’s video for his second single "We Getz Down" with 702. She also released a non-album track as a maxi-single called "Up & Down" which sampled the disco song "The Glow of Love" by Change featuring Luther Vandross as a second single.
After "Paradise", Lawrence was featured on the debut album of rapper Mase, "Harlem World" which had multi-platinum success. Along with her brother Kyra Lawrence she wrote and sang background on Jennifer Lopez's debut album "On the 6". She also wrote and sang background for Mariah Carey’s group Allure. Charli Baltimore recruited Lawrence to be on her debut album "Cold as Ice" on the song "Pull the Alarm". The album was never released. Lawrence also was at the helm of the album from Lisa “Left Eye” Lopez's group Blaque. In 1999 Hinda Hicks covered Lawrence’s "Truly" from her debut album "One Might Say", and released it as a single from her album "Hinda".
In 1999, Lawrence was recording for her next album "Too Many Times" for Elektra Entertainment during this time. "Too Many Times" featured producers Poke & Tone, Trackmasters, Darrell "Delite” Allamby, Dallas Austin, and Organized Noise. Lawrence wrote or co-wrote eight out of the 11 songs. She also produced or co-produced five songs. Lawrence also remade Anita Baker's "Fairy Tales". The album was set for a November release date, but was pushed back until eventually Elektra Entertainment was bought out by new owners Warner Music Group and the album was shelved.
After leaving the label, Lawrence signed with Epic Records, and she wrote and sung background on two songs for label mate, Mandy Moore on her debut album. Moore's debut single "Candy" had Lawrence on background vocals.
The domain billylawrence.com was purchased by Epic Records but is not in use by Lawrence.

</doc>
<doc id="18929629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929629" title="Rajendra Patni">
Rajendra Patni

Rajendra Patni Sukhanand (born 1964) is an Indian politician who belongs to the Jain community from the Shiv Sena party. He is a Member of the Legislative Assembly for the Karanja constituency from Washim District in Maharashtra. He is considered as close aide to Uddhav Thackeray and Manohar Joshi. In 2009 he lost to Prakash Dahake by more than 30000 votes. He was also the member of legislative Council from 1997–2003. It is said in Karanja and washim district that the loss was due to the oppose by some Shiv Sena leaders itself and due to increasing castesm as he belongs to minority. He is said to be very studious politician continuously doing positive changes for Washim District. In September 2011, he denied for working for shiv sena in the upcoming municipal council elections due to some internal problems with other party leaders of the districts and formed his own inion of candidated known as "Washim Zilla Vikas Aaghadi" . Though its name is not still officially announced by him. Shiv Sena is expected to suffer a great setback and loss due to his exit as he is taking with him a huge amount of party workers and the votes of the masses.

</doc>
<doc id="18929644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929644" title="2008 Pilot Pen Tennis – Women's Doubles">
2008 Pilot Pen Tennis – Women's Doubles

Sania Mirza and Mara Santangelo were the defending champions, but chose not to participate that year.
Květa Peschke and Lisa Raymond won in the final 4–6, 7–5, 10–7, against Sorana Cîrstea and Monica Niculescu.

</doc>
<doc id="18929646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929646" title="History of rugby union matches between Ireland and New Zealand">
History of rugby union matches between Ireland and New Zealand

The New Zealand All Blacks first played against Ireland in 1905, beating them 15–0 at Lansdowne Road, Dublin. The two teams have played a total of 28 Test matches, with the All Blacks winning 27 of them. The remaining match resulted in a draw. The draw was in 1973 where Ireland and New Zealand drew 10-10 with Ireland scoring 2 penalties and a try, to the All Blacks 2 tries and 1 conversion (A try was four points in 1973). During the 2012 Irish Tour of New Zealand, New Zealand won all 3 tests having scored 124 points to Ireland's 29. This tour also saw New Zealand score the biggest winning margin against Ireland in their History. This was due to the 60-0 win New Zealand achieved in the 3rd Test on the 23 June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18929648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929648" title="Sailing at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Sailing at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Sailing at the 2000 Summer Paralympics consisted of two mixed events.

</doc>
<doc id="18929649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929649" title="I La Galigo">
I La Galigo

I La Galigo is music-theater work by Robert Wilson that has been shown since 2004 in Asia, Europe, Australia and the United States. It is based on an adaption by Rhoda Grauer of the epic creation myth Sureq Galigo of the Bugis from South Sulawesi, written between the 13th and 15th century in the Indonesian language Buginese.
Plot summary.
Out of the vast material in Sureq Galigo, that covers the story of a so-called Middle World (that of humanity), the drama focuses on one particular narrative thread, about the warrior Sawerigading, and his twin sister, We Tenriabeng. They are descendants of the gods of the heavens and the gods of the underworld who send their offspring to inhabit the earth. From the time in the womb of their mother, which is put onto stage, they are destined to fall in love with each other. Worried that their incest would doom the world, the Bissu priests order them to be separated at birth. Sawerigading travels abroad but is eventually told about the world's most beautiful woman. He returns home and actually falls in love with his twin sister. To avoid the worst, We Tenriabeng introduces him to a woman of equal beauty, whom he marries to have a son named I La Galigo. Nevertheless, the earth is cleansed of all life another time and their children mate again to repopulate it and start a new era.
Production.
While parts of the story are narrated, the actors are not speaking but expressing themselves through dance and gestures. The three hour long performance is accompanied extensively by light effects characteristic for Wilson's work and music by an onstage ensemble. Their music sounds traditional, but has actually been composed for the production by the Javanese composer Rahayu Supanggah after intensive research in South Sulawesi. For better dramatic expression, other Javanese and Balinese instruments were added to the initially five traditional Sulawesi instruments and new ones were made as well, amounting eventually to 70 instruments played by 12 musicians.
Cast.
The production cast consists of 53 musicians and dancers, exclusively from Indonesia and mostly from Sulawesi, as well as one of the few remaining "bissu" shamans, Puang Matoa Saidi, from the Bugis transvestite community who narrates parts of the story.
International performances.
Finally for the first time I La Galigo performance in their home town, in Makassar the capital city of South Sulawesi, Indonesia. I La Galigo back to home after 6 years performance around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18929683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929683" title="History of rugby union matches between New Zealand and Scotland">
History of rugby union matches between New Zealand and Scotland

The All Blacks first played against Scotland in 1905 at Murrayfield in Edinburgh. The two teams have played 29 times, with New Zealand winning 27 matches and 2 resulting in draws. The most recent Test was played at Murrayfield on the 11th of November 2012, with New Zealand winning 51-22.

</doc>
<doc id="18929707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929707" title="Petrevene">
Petrevene

Petrevene () is a village in north central Bulgaria on the left bank of Panega river (, "also": Zlatna Panega, , "Golden Panega", "old": Paneg, Altǎn Paneg). It is in Lukovit Municipality, part of Lovech Province and lies on the main road E83 and on the railroad Cherven Bryag—Zlatna Panega, away from the county center Lukovit.
Etymology.
The first known written record of the village of Petrevene is from the Ottoman tax registry of 1430 soon after the Ottoman conquest of the Balkans.
In the past it has been known also as "Mramor", i.e. "marbel", "Petreve sele", "Petre", "Petreven" (Bulgarian: Мрамор, Петревe, Петре, Петревен). 
In post-Ottoman Bulgaria from 1878 till 1908 it was known as "Petryovene" or "Petrovene" (Bulgarian: Петрьовене, Петровене), still in use among local population. There are several hypotheses on the origins of its name. One is that it is named after the head of the first settlers in the village, Petǎr, however with little historical merit. A more likely hypothesis is that it is named after an Eastern Orthodox monk, Petǎr, of an old monastery near the bridge of the Belenska River to the south of Petrevene, the ruins of which are known as "Petrova gradezh", i.e. "Peter's construction". However the most likely and widely believed hypothesis is that the name comes from the old Greek word for stone, "petros" (ancient Greek:πέτρoς), similarly to the Nabataean city of Petra, since there are numerous sandstone quarries around it. Its oldest recorded name, "Mramor", i.e. "marble", supports this hypothesis.
Geography.
On the edge of the Danubian plain and Stara Planina, Petrevene lies almost entirely on the left bank of Panega river. The village is bordered by the hill "Belopole" to its west and by Panega river to its east. It is built primarily on terraces which face towards the river and are built into the hillside.
Climate and drainage.
The climate is well-defined temperate continental; precipitation being an average of to a year. This is lower than the standard precipitation for the Danubian plain as its proximity to Stara Planina means that the annual rainfall is lower. However since Petrevene lies on Panega river it is well irrigated and is home to a large amount of natural springs. A lot of these natural springs were then developed and made into public drinking water taps. Among these there are the "Rashkovo Kladenche", "Blyalata Cheshma" and "Ibovetz". There is also a tributary which feeds into Panega river locally known as Dulǎt (Bulgarian: Дулът). Most of the households which lie on either side of the Dulǎt use it as an open sewer for human and household waste. Although the village does have a minor sewage disposal system it does not extend to the entire village. 
Nature.
Petrevene is located away from Geopark Iskǎr-Panega, (a UNESCO run nature reserve which is managed by the Lukovit County). Much of the flora and fauna present there can also be found in Petrevene. As the agricultural industry in Petrevene diminished, many of the surrounding fields were left un-farmed, and were consequently overrun by wilderness and weeds. This meant that many of the original animals and plants that were driven out in order to make the land fully arable could now being to restore their presence. On the other hand, many plants common to the sphere of agriculture have been naturalized and have become commonplace due to the extensive farming. For example wheat can be commonly found around the area.
Fauna.
The surrounding country side is home to many animals and types of wildlife, however it should be noted that most of the animals present in the region can be observed in other areas of Bulgaria. The variety of mammals in the region, for example, is quite rich. Species that are widely spread throughout Bulgaria are predominant here: these include hedgehogs (Erinaceus concolor), mole (Talpa europaea), blind mole-rats (Nannospalax leucodon), Eurasian red squirrel (Sciurus vulgaris), striped field mouse (Apodemus agrarius), common vole (Microtus arvalis), wild rabbit (Lepus capensis), hamster (Spermophilus citellus), wildcat (Felis sylvestris), fox (Vulpes vulpes), beech marten (Martes foina), badger (Meles meles), weasel (Mustela nivalis), otter (Lutra lutra), polecat (Mustela putorius), jackal (Canis aureus), cinghiale (Sus scropha) and roe deer. (Capreolus capreolus)
The bird life of the region is quite rich. Most of these bird species are widely spread in the country. Some of these typically inhabit the fields – partridge (Perdix perdix), quail (Coturnix coturnix), field-lark (Alauda arvensis), yellow wagtail (Motacilla flava), grey rook (Corvus corone), blue crow (Coracias garrulus), bee-eater (Merops apiaster), others inhabitants of the forests – nightingale (Luscinia megarhynchos), wood-lark (Lullula arborea), garden warbler (Sylvia atricapilla), long-eared owl (Asio otus), Tawny Owl (Strix aluco). There are also several birds which inhabit the area that are listed in the Bulgaria section of the IUCN Red List. These include, (but are not limited to), Black Stork (Ciconia nigra), Pygmy cormorant (Haliaetor pygmeus), Peregrine Falcon (Falco peregrinus), Levant Sparrowhawk (Accipiter brevipes) and the Lesser Spotted Eagle (Aquila pomarina). The area is home to many reptiles, among which feature the Great Crested Newt (Triturus cristatus), 
Interestingly, a common occurrence is for these animals to come into contact with the local people, either directly or indirectly. For example badgers, weasels, and beech martens are regularly blamed for attacked local livestock, (mostly chicken and small fowl). Indeed, this is a major problem in some instances as jackals, for example, may wander into the village and attack sheep, livestock, and sometimes even guard dogs. For this reason most livestock owners tend to lock up their animals during the night
Flora.
According to the botanical – geographic partition of Bulgaria Petrevene falls in Euro-Asian steppe area and forest steppe area, specifically Illyrian province, part of the Pre-Balkan Range, Troyan-Tǎrnovo area. As with much of the fauna, many of the plants present can be found in the Geopark Iskǎr-Panega. The area is home to a rich variety of flora, as many plant species are distributed on the limestone terrains of Petrevene's region within Bulgaria. Among them there are some rare and endemic plants, which are decreasing throughout Bulgaria. These include endemic species like Urum, (Seseli degenii), a plant endemic of the area, (found primarily within the central section of the Pre-Balkan area), which is listed in the Bulgaria section of the IUCN Red List as well as in the European Register for the rare, threaten of extinction and endemic plants species.
Government.
As part of the village's public services and institutions, there exist a post office, an Orthodox Christian church and a public library, which covers a total of , contains 4786 volumes and hosts a community center. There are a total of 40 registered members of the library.
History.
During the Middle Ages the inhabitants of Petrevene, as well as of the whole surrounding region, were Paulicans and adhered to "Paulicianism", a Christian sect persecuted by the dominant East Orthodox Church and by the officials. 
The village was included in the Ottoman tax registry soon after the Ottoman conquest of the Balkans, in 1430.
It is listed there consecutively as "Miramor", "Betreve sele" (1430) and "Betre" (1585). 
In post-Ottoman Bulgaria after 1878 it was known as "Petryovene" or "Petrovene" (Bulgarian: Петрьовене, Петровене), still in use among local population.
In 1882 Felix Kanitz calls it "Petreven". As in the whole surrounding region, an islamization process has taken place in Petrevene during the 17th century, as the population converted from "Paulicianism" to "Islam" and started to be known as "Pomaks" (Muslim Bulgarians) eversince. By the collapse of the Ottoman regime in Bulgaria (1878) Petrevene has been mostly a Pomak village, with the exception of only 2-3 families of East Orthodox Bulgarians, late settlers from the town of Teteven ("old": Tetevene, Tetyuvene), who were craftsmen and grocers. Not far from the center of Petrevene there used to be a village mosque. Petrevene Pomaks used to have very strong emotional feelings regarding the river, which they used to call "Altǎn Paneg". Around Christmas of 1871 the Bulgarian national hero and revolutionary Vasil Levski passed through the village while travelling from the villages of Glozhene and Zlatna Panega to the town of Cherven Bryag, probably without stopping in Petrevene. 
As in the whole surrounding region, the Ottoman exodus after the collapse of the Ottoman regime in Bulgaria 
(1878) yielded a mass migration of Eastern Orthodox Bulgarians from the upper Balkan villages as Brusen and Vidrare with its hamlets of Smolevica, Kraeva Bachiya, etc. to Petrevene. The former property of these migrants has been thereby bought, transferred to, or abandoned and acquired by the remaining population. Initially, the marriages between the new generations of Bruseners and Vidrareans in Petrevene were banned, possibly due to their coming from and belonging to different Christian dioceses. After the Unification of Bulgaria (1885) most of the Pomaks moved to the East Thrace, mainly to the town of Corlu, now in Turkey. In 1893 only 22 Pomaks were still living in Petrevene. The former Pomak property was thereby bought, transferred to, or abandoned and acquired by the remaining Bulgarian population. 
The first mayor of Petrevene in post-Ottoman Bulgaria was Tono Benchev Bakov of Vidrare, born in its hamlet of Smolevica, who has moved to the village prior to the collapse of the Ottoman regime to avoid a conflict with the local Ottoman officials. His brother-in-law, the revolutionary Yosif Poppetrov from Vidrare, was a collaborator of Levski and was exiled by the Ottoman authorities in Diarbekir for his revolutionary activity. An elementary school opened in Petrevene soon after the collapse of the Ottoman regime in Bulgaria (1878). It used to be stationed in a former Pomak house until 1891, after which it moved to the newly constructed present-day schoolhouse (now derelict), built by Stoyu Stanev of Petrevene, while the village Municipal Hall (obshtina) moved to the former schoolhouse. The first teachers in Petrevene were Andrey Gadzhovski of Lukovit, born in Dranchevo, Macedonia, and Marko Markov of Karlovo. Velyu Ninov was the first native teacher. At that time Petrevene, as well as the whole surrounding region, was terorized by the brigand band of the Bulgarian Yako voyvoda and his Pomak friend Kachamachko. The Bulgarian Prime Minister of the time, Stefan Stambolov, visited Petrevene in the 1890s as part of his travels in the country. Due to the rise of the anti-Islamism and nationalism in post-Ottoman Bulgaria, the village mosque was removed during the end of the 19th or the beginning of the 20th century. The materials from the mosque were used in the construction of the present-day Eastern Orthodox church of "Dormition of the Theotokos", built by Trǎn constructors in 1902. The construction and the furnishing of the church were completed due to the generous donations of the local population. Several Italian quarry men settled in Petrevene at the beginning of the 20th century. They created, in particular, many skillful gravestones in the village cemetery.
A Cultural Community Center (chitalishte) with a Library, named "Probuda", (Bulgarian: Пробуда, i.e. "awakening") was founded in 1918 by Yosif Benchev Tonov of Petrevene, and a middle school opened in 1921. A Cooperative Organization "Zhetvarka", i.e. "harvesterwoman", was founded in 1927 by Toma Yosifov Tonov of Petrevene, who was its longest serving chairman. He founded also a Cooperative Bank, wine cellar, diary cellar and a modern industrial incubator with a chicken nursery. The Cooperative Bank, with director Toma Yosifov and chairman Todor Dikov, used to have up to 923 registered members from Petrevene and the neighboring villages of Oreshene, Todorichene, Belenci and Rumyancevo, but also from far-away places like Sofia, Plovdiv etc. Petrevene became a "Model-Village of Bulgaria" for 1942. 
The population of Petrevene was hardly affected by the two world wars. Only a few people fought and less than fifty lost their lives in the wars. They are all commemorated on a limestone monument in the village's main square. 
With the compulsory collectivization (1956) during the communist rule in Bulgaria and with the establishment of a Working Peasant Cooperatives' Federation (ТКЗC), Petrevene's fields became collectively farmed and managed, and its agricultural capacity grew up and became modernized. Twenty percent of the fields were allotted to the villagers for the their own personal cultivation, but they were still required to work with the WPCF on the main fields. A system was set up where every farmer was entitled to four tons of wheat for personal consumption per year. Four tons being too much to consume or use, the farmers were then encouraged to return two tons to the newly built WPCF bakery in exchange for coupons entitling them to two loafs of black and one loaf of white bread a day. In the 1960s Roma inhabitants, often referred to as gypsies, were settled in the village and the whole surrounding region. Their arrival contributed to extend temporarily the life of the local school, now closed, which had seen an enrollment decline at the time as more inhabitants had left Petrevene for urban areas. The railroad from the town of Cherven Bryag to the cement factory "Zlatna Panega" was set up to pass through Lukovit and Petrevene in the 1960s by the engineer Vasil Tonev of Sofia, born in Petrevene, and the railway station "Petrevene" was erected.
After the termination of the communist rule in Bulgaria (1989) the WPCF was dissolved (although other villages retained theirs and privatized them), and became derelict. Petrevene's agricultural output and capacity were reduced severely. The collectivized fields were then divided as they were prior to the collectivization and returned to their original owners. However, many villagers chose to retire and became state retirees. During post-communist Bulgaria many young Petrevene families moved to larger cities for economical reasons. As a result many fields and vineyards that had previously dominated the landscape became abandoned and uncultivated, and the village's population shrank rapidly. Additionally due the economic crisis that followed, and very low state pensions many owners were unable to afford the upkeep of their home many houses fell into disrepair.
Recently Petrevene has enjoyed a revival with Bulgaria's overall economic growth, as well as the re-cultivation of many of the fields. Additionally increased incomes mean that many people could afford to improve their homes. There have also been several commercial developments spurred by a competent administration, including the establishment of a new bakery, "Lazarov Komers", and a motorbike rally.
In August 2005, as well as the rest of Bulgaria, Petrevene experienced heavy flooding. As a result the drainage canal and the river tributary Dulǎt was widened, dredged and in more central areas covered over in concrete blocks to protect from erosion and to ease future floods. This was achieved using money from the EU Solidarity Fund which at the time had allocated 106 million euros to aide the crisis.
After Bulgaria joined the European Union in 2007 some villagers were able to benefit from the SAPARD program for agricultural and rural development, and as of April 2009 some sections of the WPCF have been restored to working order. Furthermore the Dulǎt tributary now has two new bridges, (both built in 2008) running across it.
Culture and traditions.
Watermelon Day.
Watermelon Day is a popular annual festivity in Petrevene which is celebrated every year on the penultimate Saturday of August. It was first held in 1936 and it is a popular belief within the village that it started of as a regional land dispute between Petrevene and the nearby village of Todorichene. The legend, according to the local people, is that several bad harvests had impelled the Petrevenians to place claims on lands of Todorichene. To settle the dispute that followed a regional judge was brought in from Pleven to settle the matter. He declared that everyone should be assigned of land. With the lack of wheat the Petrevenians decided to plant watermelon instead. With no market for them, however, the younger men of the village decided to collect all the watermelons and store them in the schoolhouse and let anyone eat as much as they want for free, but on the condition that they would first see the caricaturist Nicola Velev's exhibition in the library. Although popular, the story has little historical merit. Although there have been records of Watermelon Day going as far back as 1936, no existing records tell of bad harvests in the years prior to that date or, of the above mentioned land divisions.
Religion.
"See also History"
The present day Eastern Orthodox church of "Dormition of the Theotokos" was built in 1902. In 2009 the church, which had fallen previously into disrepair, underwent an extensive renovation, funded by the Ministry of Disasters and Accidents, (now known as the Ministry of Emergency Situations), with total of €104,000 being released to the local government. The village "obrok" (Bulgarian: оброк) was recently restored. The obrok would have been a holy site, where the elders of the village would have met and would have discussed. It is located at one of the highest points surrounding the village, so as to have been as close to God as possible. The original obrok was first erected in 1923, and was made of stone. The new obrok is constructed from steel except for the structure's bell which is made from copper and was the village's church's original bell.
Monuments and Sculptures.
A limestone memorial to Petrevene's casualties in the First and Second World Wars, as well as the Balkan Wars, was unveiled on August 23, 2003. It lists the 26 citizens of Petrevene who lost their lives between 1912 and 1945. 
A 2008 National Academy of Arts incentive has seen the introduction of two new sculptures to Petrevene at the two ends of the village along the road E83 Sofia-Pleven. They were designed and constructed by two students of the academy, Ivan Stoyanov and Valko Bekirski.

</doc>
<doc id="18929729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929729" title="Víctor Ortega">
Víctor Ortega

Víctor Hugo Ortega Serna (born January 27, 1988 in Medellín, Antioquia) is a male diver from Colombia, who competed in the 2008 Olympic Games of Beijing for his native country. He and his team mate Juan Urán finished in 6th position in the 10 m synchronized platform event.

</doc>
<doc id="18929749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929749" title="History of rugby union matches between New Zealand and Wales">
History of rugby union matches between New Zealand and Wales

The All Blacks have played 29 matches against Wales, winning 26 of them. The first Test match between the two sides was played in 1905 at Cardiff Arms Park, with Wales winning 3 – 0 in controversial circumstances. Two more Welsh victories in the next 50 years were balanced by a defeat by the 1924 All Black "Invincibles". Since 1963 New Zealand have won all 25 encounters.

</doc>
<doc id="18929789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929789" title="Talma (magician)">
Talma (magician)

Talma was the stage name of Mary Ann Ford (1861 – July 13, 1944), a female magician who is best known for performing with her husband Servais Le Roy in the act "Le Roy, Talma & Bosco". Talma was born in England while her husband was Belgian. She became accomplished at performing sleight of hand and manipulation acts, especially coin manipulation, and she was often billed as "The Queen of Coins". As a performer, she adopted the name Mercedes Talma but was generally known just as Talma. Talma was taught magic by Le Roy and although being an assistant she was known for her own coins tricks including the "Out of the ear" trick and "Talma's travelling coin." Eventually she was known as "The Queen Of Coins." 
She formed a long-running stage partnership with her husband and their colleague Leon Bosco. They named their act "The Comedians de Mephisto Co" but they were much better known as Le Roy, Talma & Bosco. Le Roy is credited with devising the Asrah levitation illusion, which he and Talma first performed in London in 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="18929813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929813" title="St. Nicolai Church">
St. Nicolai Church

St. Nicolai Church () is a Lutheran church in Vejle, Denmark dating to the 13th century. Originally built in late Romanesque style and dedicated to the patron saint of merchants and seafarers, the church is the oldest building in the community. Renovations in the 15th century developed the church into a Gothic hall with two transepts and a tower 27.2 m (89 ft) high.
On display in a glass-covered sarcophagus in the northern transept are the remains of the Haraldskær Woman, one of the best conserved of the iron age bog bodies. The southern transept houses the sarcophagi of Kai de la Mare and his wife. The exterior brick wall of the north transept has an interesting feature of 23 spherical indentations approximately 15 cm (6 inches) in diameter, which hold the skulls of 23 robbers who were caught and beheaded in the nearby Nørreskov forest. In front of the church stands a sculpture of the priest Anders Sørensen Vedel.
The church was seriously damaged during the Thirty Years' War by the troops of Wallenstein. Since that time it has undergone several major restorations: in 1744, 1855-56, 1887-88 and 1964-66.

</doc>
<doc id="18929845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929845" title="George C. Read">
George C. Read

George Campbell Read (January 9, 1788 – August 22, 1862) was a United States Naval Officer who served on Old Ironsides during the War of 1812 and commanded vessels in actions off the Barbary Coast and India. Read eventually rose to the rank of rear admiral.
Early life.
George Campbell Read was born in Ireland and emigrated to the United States at an early age. (Some references give his birthplace as Glastonbury, Connecticut.) At the age of 16, Read entered service in the United States Navy as a midshipman on April 2, 1804.
Military career.
Read first joined the crew of the "USS Constitution" (aka Old Ironsides) in 1806 under the command of his uncle, Captain Hugh G. Campbell. Early in his service, because of his relationship with the captain, he was suspected of being an informant concerning a fight between two lieutenants: Melancthon Taylor Woolsey and William Burrows. For a long time, Woolsey and the other officers shunned Read who endured the treatment without complaint. When it was eventually learned that it was the captain's clerk and not Read who had informed, Woolsey apologized to him and asked why he remained silent about the real informant. Read replied, "That would have been doing the very thing for which you blamed me, Mr. Woolsey: turning informer." Thereafter, Woolsey referred to this incident as an example of Read's great self-restraint and self-respect.
On April 25, 1810, after six years of service, Read was promoted to Lieutenant, and he served aboard the "USS Constitution" under Commodore Isaac Hull during the War of 1812. When the "Constitution" defeated the British warship "HMS Guerriere" on August 19, 1812, he was detailed by Hull to board the English vessel and accept her surrender. Two months later, on October 25, Read was serving under Commodore Stephen Decatur aboard the "USS United States" when they defeated the British warship "HMS Macedonian". As a lieutenant, Read commanded the brig "USS Chippewa" during the Algerian War of 1815. He was promoted to Commander in 1816, and served in the Mediterranean and off the coast of Africa. After a promotion to captain in 1825, he took command of the "USS Constitution". From 1838 to 1839 Read took part in retaliatory actions against the pirates and raiders who preyed on American shipping in India. he commanded the Second Sumatran Expedition which was undertaken in response to the massacre of the merchant ship "Eclipse".
From 1839 to 1846, Read commanded the Philadelphia Naval School. As commander there, he served on a Naval board with Commodores Thomas ap Catesby Jones, Matthew C. Perry, and Captains Elie A. F. La Vallette and Isaac Mayo for the examination of midshipmen entitled to promotion. He next commanded the African Squadron from 1846 to 1847 and the Mediterranean Squadron from 1847 to 1849. When the American Civil War broke out in 1861, Read was again in charge of the Philadelphia Naval Asylum. Read was promoted to rear admiral in July 1862. He died one month later, on August 22, after 58 years of Naval service. He is buried in Laurel Hill Cemetery in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. His wife, Elizabeth, the daughter of Captain Richard Dale, died on March 1, 1863 and was buried beside him.
USS Commodore Read.
The naval patrol ship USS Commodore Read was named in honor of Read. Formerly a ferryboat, it was purchased by the Navy on 19 August 1863, refitted at New York Navy Yard and commissioned on 8 September 1863. The ship served with the Potomac Flotilla during the American Civil War until 20 July 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="18929896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929896" title="Isobel Cripps">
Isobel Cripps

Dame Isobel Cripps, GBE (25 January 1891 – 11 April 1979), also known as Lady Cripps, was a British overseas aid organiser and the wife of Sir Stafford Cripps.
Born as Isobel Swithinbank at Denham, Buckinghamshire, she was the second daughter and the youngest of three children of Commander Harold William Swithinbank, DL (1858 – 1928), a landowner of Denham Court, and his wife, Amy, the daughter of James Crossley Eno, inventor of Eno fruit salts. She was educated privately and at the Heathfield School, near Ascot.
Swithinbank met Stafford Cripps in January 1910. His father, Charles Cripps, was standing in the Conservative interest for Wycombe, with Stafford supporting his father's candidature; among the campaign helpers was Isobel. The pair corresponded and she visited the Cripps home at Parmoor. The following year, both were members of a family party which went to the winter sports in Switzerland and they soon became engaged. The couple married on 12 July 1911 at Denham parish church.
International interests and affiliations.
During World War II, Lady Cripps was president of the British United Aid to China Fund, and in June 1946, was appointed a GBE for her public services. Later that year, she undertook an extensive tour of China where she was the guest of General and Madame Chiang Kai-shek. During her tour, she was invited by Mao Zedong to visit Yenan and was welcomed on her arrival by Madame Jiang. She was later Chairwoman of the Sino-British Fellowship Trust for some years. Following the marriage of her daughter, Peggy, to Joe Appiah, Lady Cripps developed an interest in affairs in Ghana and visited Appiah in Accra when he was being held under a preventive detention order. 
Honours/awards.
In addition to her appointment as a GBE, she was also appointed a Special Grand Cordon of the Order of the Brilliant Star, first class. In 1946 she was given the award of the National Committee of India in celebration of International Women's Year. 
Death.
She died on 11 April 1979 in Minchinhampton, Gloucestershire, aged 88.

</doc>
<doc id="18929906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929906" title="St. John's Leprosy and HIV Care Services">
St. John's Leprosy and HIV Care Services

St. John's Leprosy and HIV Care Services is a charitable undertaking of the Major Archieparchy of Trivandrum of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church. 
In the early 1960s, there was a leprosy clinic at Koppam run by the Church of South India. The programme of the clinic was carried out by Miss Dunn from England. In the beginning of 1963, Miss Dunn was looking for some agency to carry out the work and she met late Archbishop Benedict Mar Gregorios. He agreed to carry out this noble work. That was the beginning of St. John’s Health Services, Pirappencode. Fr. Lawrence J. Thottam (later Lawrence Mar Epraem) joined the Health Services as the first Director of St. John’s Health Services in 1963. Sisters of Imitation of Christ (Bethany Madhom) and Little Sisters of Jesus took up the Community Services of the centre. St.John’s Hospital was formally inaugurated on 15 February 1964 by Health Minister Mr. Willington and the late Archbishop Benedict Mar Gregorios. In 1999, the Leprosy & TB Control Program was launched at Trivandrum City Corporation under the leadership of this Hospital. On 5 July 2007, Kerala State AIDS Control Society recognized St. John’s Health Centre as a community care centre for HIV/AIDS. 
At present the hospital is giving shelter for 50 leprosy patients. In the rehabilitation centre, some 20 HIV/Aids patients are getting care and treatment. Fr. Jose Kizhakkedath is the current director of St. John’s Health Services.
Source.
"Manual of St. John's Health Services"

</doc>
<doc id="18929929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929929" title="GLONASS-K">
GLONASS-K

GLONASS-K is the latest satellite design intended as a part of the Russian GLONASS radio-based satellite navigation system. Developed by Reshetnev Information Satellite Systems and first launched on 26 February 2011, it is a substantial improvement of the previous GLONASS-M second-generation satellites, having a longer lifespan and better accuracy.
History.
The "Federal Targeted Program "Global Navigation System" 2002–2011", introduced in 2001, stipulated the development of a third-generation navigation satellite design, called GLONASS-K, as part of the overall GLONASS upgrade program in the time frame 2005–2011. The new satellite followed the second generation GLONASS-M, introduced in 2003. The Russian Federal Space Agency (Roscosmos) initially ordered 27 GLONASS-K satellites from Reshetnev Information Satellite Systems, the developer of all the previous GLONASS satellites. On 7 December 2010, the company announced it had completed ground tests of the first GLONASS-K satellite. The satellite was launched to orbit on 26 February 2011.
Satellites.
GLONASS-K is the first unpressurised GLONASS satellite—all of its equipments are able to operate in a vacuum. Due to this, the satellite's mass has been substantially reduced: GLONASS-K has a mass of just 750 kg compared to its predecessor GLONASS-M, which had a mass of 1,450 kg. The new satellite has an operational lifetime of 10 years, three years longer than that of GLONASS-M and seven years longer than the lifetime of the original GLONASS satellite. 
GLONASS-K will transmit additional navigation signals to improve the system's accuracy. Existing FDMA signals, 2 military and 2 civilian, will be transmitted on the L1 and L2 bands, and additional civilian CDMA signals will be transmitted in the L1, L2, L3 and L5 bands. The new satellite's advanced equipment—made solely from Russian components—will allow the doubling of GLONASS' accuracy.
Launches.
For launching the satellites, two options are planned: six satellites simultaneously from Baikonur Cosmodrome on the heavy-lift Proton-M, or two simultaneously from Plesetsk Cosmodrome on a Soyuz-2 with a Fregat upper stage. In comparison, the previous GLONASS-M satellites could only be launched three at a time on a Proton-M. The new launch scheme is expected to cut orbiting costs by 50%. The launch of the first GLONASS-K satellite did however not conform to the general plan, as it was launched alone on a Soyuz-2.1b instead of in a pair.
At 06:07 Moscow Time on 26 February 2011, the first GLONASS-K satellite was launched. The launch took place from Plesetsk Cosmodrome on a Soyuz-2.1b rocket with a Fregat upper stage. The satellite reached the correct orbit at 09:39. At 09:44, ground stations established control over the satellite. A Space Forces spokesman told Interfax: "we have established and are maintaining steady telemetry communications with the spacecraft... the on-board systems of the Glonass-K satellite are functioning normally." Successful reception of the CDMA signal in L3 band has been reported by independent researchers.
Photogallery from CeBIT 2011 in Hannover.
Russia has exhibited the Glonass-K spacecraft during the CeBIT 2011 fair, that took place in Hannover from 1st to 5 March.

</doc>
<doc id="18929958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929958" title="Tommy Maxwell">
Tommy Maxwell

Tommy Marshall Maxwell (born May 5, 1947 in Houston, Texas) is a former American football player. After playing college football at Texas A&M, he spent six seasons playing in the NFL. In his second season, he helped the Baltimore Colts win Super Bowl V. 
He is the founder of Coaches Outreach, a non-profit Christian organization that aims to spiritually develop high school coaches and their spouses.
College years.
Maxwell lettered in football at Texas A&M from 1966–68. In the 1967 season, he helped the Aggie team win a Southwest Conference (SWC) title after a 0–4 start. The Aggies were invited to play the Cotton Bowl Classic, in which they defeated Alabama. He was also named a first-team All-SWC wide receiver in the same season. and a first-team All-American defensive back in 1968. In the 1969 NFL Draft, he was picked by the Baltimore Colts in the second round (51st overall).
NFL career.
A career-ending neck injury forced Maxwell to retire after the 1974 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18929966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929966" title="Rock Star (N.E.R.D song)">
Rock Star (N.E.R.D song)

"Rock Star" is a song by funk/rock/hip hop group N*E*R*D from their 2001 album "In Search Of...".
The song, the second single off the album, performed better in the U.K. than their previous single "Lapdance", peaking at #15. It also became the group's first single to chart in Australia.
The song acted as a "second first single" of sorts, as it followed the groups' debut "Lapdance," but however was the first single to be released from the second, more streamlined version of the "In Search Of" album that featured a live-instrument makeover courtesy of Spymob rather than The Neptunes' trademark synths and electronic drum kits.
The song originally had a clip shot by famed urban video director Hype Williams, but was shelved and remains unreleased.
The song features in the films " The Guard", " Bringing Down the House" and "Blue Crush".
The Jason Nevins Remix of the song has been featured in numerous video games such as "Burnout Dominator", "Burnout Paradise", " Mat Hoffman Pro BMX 2", and "Forza Motorsport 2" as well as movie trailers for "" and the 2004 film "Taxi", and was featured in an Apple iPod advert. The Jason Nevins Club Blaster Edit has appeared in "SSX3".
An edited version of it was also used as the theme song for NFL's 2002 game NFL Fever with Pharell's part replaced with the words NFL Fever. The song also appears in the music video game "Band Hero".
The original version appears in the video game .
A portion of Rock Star also appears in an episode (Season 3, Episode 4: "Zoso") of the television program Californication.
It placed at #46 in the Triple J Hottest 100, 2002 in Australia, which is the world's largest annual music poll.

</doc>
<doc id="18929974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929974" title="List of songs recorded by Mina">
List of songs recorded by Mina

Here is an incomplete list of studio-recorded songs by Mina from 1958 to present, as listed by her official website.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18929976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929976" title="My Mom's New Boyfriend">
My Mom's New Boyfriend

"My Mom's New Boyfriend is a 2008 romantic comedy film starring Colin Hanks, Antonio Banderas, Selma Blair, and Meg Ryan. It is rated PG-13 for "sexual content, language, some violence and drug material". The film received a limited theatrical release worldwide. However it was released straight-to-DVD in the United States on June 17, 2008. It was released under the title My Spy" in the UK and Australia.
Synopsis.
The film begins with Tommy Lucero (Antonio Banderas) being caught by French police following a foiled robbery at a museum. Tommy seems confident he will not remain in police custody very long.
The film then shifts its focus to Henry Durand (Colin Hanks). Henry had to care for his mother, Marty (Meg Ryan), when his father died in jail. Now a grown man and an FBI agent, Henry leaves his overweight mother to go work on a case.
Upon returning three years later, he finds his mother has lost a considerable amount of weight and is dating several men, one half her age, having turned over a new leaf after a passerby dropped a coin in her coffee cup, mistaking her for a homeless person. Henry announces to his mother that he has recently become engaged to another FBI agent, Emily (Selma Blair). Henry finds himself in a very uneasy state with his newly transformed mother and begins to be extremely protective about her. He confides his worries in his fiancée who does not find anything unusual in Marty's behavior.
While taking a walk with Henry and Emily, Marty is hit in the head by a toy helicopter being flown by Tommy. Tommy asks to take the trio to dinner at an old Albanian restaurant as an apology. Henry, who is still protective of his mother, grudgingly concedes to go when he notices how much his mother and Emily want to.
Romance sparks between Marty and Tommy. Henry, meanwhile, is informed by his FBI superiors that they expect Tommy and two accomplices are going to attempt to steal a sculpture currently on display at a local museum. Along with his fellow agents, Henry spies on his mother around the clock, albeit reluctantly, after the FBI chief implied that he may be shipped to Alaska if he doesn't cooperate. Many uncomfortable situations arise for Henry as he has to listen into the conversations his mother has with Tommy.
While stealing the sculpture, Tommy is betrayed by his gang members and shot twice in the chest. He survives due to wearing a ballistic vest, but is later caught by Henry and Emily. Tommy reveals to them that his real name is Tomas Martinez and he is with the CIA. He has been working undercover trying to apprehend a gang of thieves who are stealing art to fund terrorism. He is concerned the gang will attempt to kill Marty as they know he has been romantically involved with her and she may know about their operation.
The trio reaches the Durand house in time to rescue Marty from the gang. The film ends with the gang members being taken into custody while Tommy kisses Marty and Henry kisses Emily.

</doc>
<doc id="18929981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18929981" title="Blejska Dobrava">
Blejska Dobrava

Blejska Dobrava () is a settlement in the Municipality of Jesenice, in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It is one of the oldest villages in the area, attested from the 12th century, and is located at the base of the Mežakla Plateau, on a series of river terraces between the right bank of the Sava Dolinka and the Radovna River as it exits the Vintgar Gorge. Its name (literally, 'Bled Dobrava') reflects its original connection to the nearby town of Bled.
Once predominantly agricultural, it has partially urbanized under the influence of industry from the nearby municipal seat of Jesenice. There is a manufacturing plant, tracing its roots back to a prewar electrode factory, as well as two smaller industrial facilities. The Vintgar hydroelectric plant on the Radovna River stands nearby, as does the scenic Vintgar Gorge, a popular tourist attraction.
The Koroška Bela Primary School, in the village of Koroška Bela across the Sava Valley, operates a branch location in Blejska Dobrava.
The settlement is located on the road connecting the Upper Sava Valley to Bled (through Poljane). The Jesenice–Bohinj railroad also passes through, stopping at a small station. The Jesenice municipal cemetery is located nearby.
St. Stephen's Church.
St. Stephen's Church (), dedicated to Saint Stephen, was originally gothic, with a rectangular nave and pentagonal presbytery, but was rebuilt in 1743 in the Baroque style. A wall around the church encloses the old, abandoned graveyard, with some of the older graves still marked, including the grave of two sisters (Katra and Jera) of the poet France Prešeren, built into the church's outside wall.

</doc>
<doc id="18930026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18930026" title="Oidor">
Oidor

Oidor () is the Spanish name of the member judge of the Royal "Audiencias" and "Chancillerías", originally courts of Kingdom of Castile, which became the highest organs of justice within the Spanish Empire. The term comes from the verb "oír", "to hear," referring to the judge's obligation to listen to the parts of a judicial process, particularly during the phase of pleas.
Origins.
The Cortes of Alcalá of 1348 asked that King Henry II of Castile publicly hear cases at least once or twice a week along with his advisors, because under medieval Castilian jurisprudence the king was to personally hear all cases that fell under his jurisdiction, but the caseload was becoming too great. The Cortes also asked the King to delegate some of his powers to his advisors, so that they "could judge in his name." The documents of the Cortes of Alcalá began to refer to these delegates as "oidores" and the new institution they formed as the "audiencia". This early "audiencia" was still closely tied to the king's personal right to judge. In reviewing the cases before them, "oidores" relied on summaries prepared by court lawyers known as "relatores".
Spanish America and the Philippines.
As the Crown of Castile found its territories rapidly expanding half a world away during the Spanish colonization of the Americas and the Philippines, it found it necessary to grant its overseas "oidores" functions and powers, which in the mother country normally fell to other officials. Thus, the "oidores" of the overseas "audiencias" functioned not only as judges of the "audiencia", but also as magistrates overseeing the sale of the Holy Crusade indulgences ("juez de la Santa Cruzada"), mortgages and ground rents ("juez de censos"), probate issues ("juez de bienes de difuntos"), and legal separation ("oidor juez de casados"). In the "audiencias" in which the criminal judges ("alcaldes del crimen") met as a separate chamber, as those of Mexico City and Lima, it was not uncommon for one person to serve as both "oidor" (civil judge) and an "alcalde del crimen". Moreover, upon the death or incapacity of a governor or viceroy, either the senior "oidor" ("oidor decano") or the "audiencia" as a whole would serve as the interim governor or viceroy, depending on the specific law of the territory.
Marriage disputes.
The "oidor de casados" was a special type of judge that arose to deal with the de facto separation of many married couples during the colonization of the New World and the fact that many married men abandoned their lawful wives upon leaving Spain and entered into informal relationships with either native or European women. In order to deal with this, the crown felt it was necessary to create this office to compel, through legal coercion, the reconciliation of the marriage couple. An example of this problem is the notorious case of Pedro de Valdivia. The Audiencia of Lima, under the direction of President (and acting viceroy) Pedro de la Gasca forced Valdivia to repudiate his mistress, Inés de Suárez, and to bring his wife Marina Ortíz de Gaete to Chile. Over time, the powers of the "oidor de casados" evolved to cover all types of lawsuits between a married couple.
Ecclesiastical judges.
Due to the general use of the word "oidor", the term was also applied to the clerics who served as judges in ecclesiastical courts, although they had nothing to do with the "audiencias".

</doc>
<doc id="18930029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18930029" title="List of Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire">
List of Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire

Below is a List of Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire from the Order's creation in 1917 until the present day:

</doc>
<doc id="18930031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18930031" title="Lamco International Insurance Ltd">
Lamco International Insurance Ltd

Since its incorporation in 1978, Lamco International Insurance Limited has been a provider of insurance products and services in Mauritius.
Lamco today has seven sub-offices and several accredited agencies throughout the island of Mauritius.

</doc>
<doc id="18930050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18930050" title="1995 Benson and Hedges Open – Singles">
1995 Benson and Hedges Open – Singles

Thomas Enqvist defeated Chuck Adams 6-2, 6-1 to win the 1995 Heineken Open singles competition. Magnus Gustafsson was the champion but did not defend his title.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18930051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18930051" title="Iide">
Iide

Iide may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18930055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18930055" title="Iijima">
Iijima

Iijima is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18930057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18930057" title="Husa Transportation Group">
Husa Transportation Group

Husa Transportation Group (formerly "Husa Capital") is a group of railfreight, logistics and rail services companies founded in 1998, the groups main business arm on foundation was ACTS Nederland BV (ACTS), founded 1989, an open access freight operator in the Netherlands.
In 2014 the company announced it would exit the rail freight operating business, and dispose of the assets of its 'Husa Transportaion Rail Services' (HTRS) subsidiaries.
History.
ACTS Nederland BV was founded in 1989, and developed systems for transloading of containerised waste from road to rail without the use of cranes. In 1997 the ACTS container service were discontinued by NS Cargo. Subsequently ACTS gained a license to operate as a railway company, and on 16 March 1998 began to operate waste container trains between Groningen and VAM in Wijster, becoming the first private Dutch rail company. In 1999 the company began transporting ISO Containers for "Vos Logistics".
In 2004 Husa Capital BV obtained a majority of shares in ACTS, Ir John Hoekwater, ACTS's founding director was replaced by Rob van Gansewinkel. By 2004 ACTS had acquired a 7% market share of rail freight in the Netherlands.
In the summer of 2006 ACTS in association with the Dutch railway infrastructure authority ProRail operated test trains on the Betuweroute. In January 2007 ACTS obtained certification to operate on the German rail system.
By January 2008 "Husa Capitals stake in ACTS had risen above 90%, and at the beginning of the same year ACTS was reorganised into independent operating companies with rolling stock leasing being taken over by RailMotion AG (Basel, Switzerland); the company inherited over 300 intermodal wagons. On the same date rolling stock maintenance was split into the company The Rail Factory BV based at Apeldoorn and Amersfoort, and specialising in the maintenance of locomotives. A business sub-unit Portfeeders"' was also formed, to concentrate on 'feeder operations' (shunting) in the Port of Rotterdam.
On 23 January 2008 ACTS obtained certification to operate on the Belgian railway network from the national railway network company Infrabel.
In January 2009 "Husa Capital BV" renamed itself Husa Transportation Group.
Husa Transportation Deutschland was formed by the acquisition of "Rent-a-rail GmbH" (railway construction locomotive leasing) and "SRS RailService" (rolling stock broker) in May 2009.
"De Vries Transport Services", based in Veendam was acquired in September 2009 after bankruptcy, and renamed InterModal Solutions Veendam (IMS-Veendam). The company undertakes road transport, and operates terminals in Veendam and Leeuwarden. Bulk cargo handling (powders and granules) is carried out at Veendam, and warehousing at the "Groningen Railport" intermodal terminal in Veendam.
In Jan. 2014 the company announced it was to exit the rail freight transportation business, citing uncompetitive infrastructure access costs. The subsidiaies HRTS Nederlands and HRTS Süd were to be offered for sale, whilst rolling stock leasing company Rail Motion, and container shuttle business Shuttlewise were to remain in business.
Group structure.
Since the end of 2008 the group is divided into three divisions Husa Railway Services (rail freight and leasing), Husa Logistic Services (intermodal freight) and Husa Rolling Stock Services (locomotive and rolling stock maintenance).
The subdivisions are:
Rolling stock.
ACTS.
The company began rail operations in 1999, and by 2000 had five 1500V DC ex-NS Class 1200s, 5 ex-SNCB Class 62 diesel mainline locomotives and ex-Czech Railways diesel shunters built in East Germany. The 1200 electrics and 6700 diesels were modified to work in multiple and were often used in pairs for better performance.
In 2003 three ex-British Rail Class 58s were acquired, which operated until 2009 when EMD Series 66 leased from Mitsui Rail Capital (MCRE) began to replace them. MaK / Vossloh G1206 (light freight and shunting) locomotives also began to be leased on short and long term contracts from MRCE and Angel Trains Cargo after 2004.
In 2008 ACTS started to acquire a second set of 1500V DC locomotives, former NS Class 1600 machines from Railion Nederlands., and from 2009 onwards mainline freight locomotives Vossloh G2000 BB were leased from Angel Trains Cargo and MRCE.
In 2009 ACTS leased its first Eurosprinter ES 64 F4 quad-voltage freight locomotive.
RailMotion.
Since the group restructuring in 2008 RailMotion AG owns wagons suitable for heavy 40' ISO containers, 60' ISO containers, and the ACTS container system, the company also owns and leases locomotives inherited from ACTS, as of January 2011 the company has ten ex-NS Class 1600 electric locomotives.
Rent-a-Rail.
Rent-a-Rail operates shunting locomotives typically of less than 1000 kW power, additionally one Vossloh G1206 and two re-engined DB Class V 100, and an ex-Deutsche Reichsbahn Class V 100 type are also operated as of 2010.
Liveries.
The original ACTS livery was a deep blue with a thick horizontal yellow band, intended to be reminiscent of the American Pennsylvania Railroad, some locomotives were painted operated in the livery of one of ACTS customers, "Vos Logistics", a livery of black with an orange stripe.
Later machines received a grey green livery; introduced in 2006, The ex-NS 1600 remained in the yellow-grey livery of their previous owner Nederlandse Spoorwegen, whilst other locomotives are in the livery of their leasing company. Some MaK G 1206s used for the "Portfeeders" subsiary have received a special livery - slate blue with orange and red shaped diagonal bands.

</doc>
<doc id="18930059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18930059" title="Iino">
Iino

Iino may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18930063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18930063" title="Inte Onsman">
Inte Onsman

Willem Inte Onsman (Harlingen, 28 September 1872 - Amsterdam, 26 August 1929) was a Dutch playwright and trade unionist.
Born in the province of Friesland, Inte Onsman moved to Amsterdam after the death of his father. His mother sent him to a barbershop as apprentice. After finishing school he became a barber. As a young man he joined a theatre company as an actor, but a few years later he left the group and started his own barbershop.
His socialist sympathies drew him to the Dutch social-democratic party SDAP and the barbers trade union. He became the national secretary of the union, a position he held until his death.
Around 1900 Onsman started writing plays. His most successful was "Het licht in den nacht" (A light in the night) which dealt with the poor during World War I. In the Netherlands it was performed more than hundred times. It was translated in German, Danish and English.
Onsman also wrote an autobiographical novel, that appeared in 1929, the year of his sudden death.
External links.
Harmsen, Ger: "Onsman, Inte" in Biografisch Woordenboek van Socialisme en de Arbeidersbeweging in Nederland (an online dictonary of the history of socialism and the labourmovement in the Netherlands; only in Dutch) http://www.iisg.nl/bwsa/bios/onsman.html

</doc>
<doc id="18930074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18930074" title="Javorniški Rovt">
Javorniški Rovt

Javorniški Rovt () is a settlement in the Municipality of Jesenice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It is located in the foothills of the Karawanks, above its namesake settlement of Slovenski Javornik (which occupies the floor of the Sava Valley.)
Mass grave.
Javorniški Rovt is the site of a mass grave from the period immediately after the Second World War. The Jezerce Mass Grave () lies northeast of the settlement in an area that was part of a test excavation for dredging and damming Javornik Creek to create a reservoir for a hydroelectric plant. It contains the remains of nine Home Guard soldiers from the Selca or Poljane valley that were murdered in early May 1945.
Pristava Lodge.
Its best-known landmark is Pristava, a popular excursion point centered on the Pristava House, built in 1647 and recently renovated. The building belonged to the nobleman and Enlightenment figure Sigmund Zois, who established a botanical park featuring interesting local and imported trees that is now named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18930091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18930091" title="Allan Scott (athlete)">
Allan Scott (athlete)

Allan Scott (born 27 December 1982) is a Scottish hurdler. Scott, a member of the Shaftesbury Barnet Harriers athletics club, represented Great Britain at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18930106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18930106" title="Isaiah of Rostov">
Isaiah of Rostov

Saint Isaiah of Rostov (fl. 1062 – died 1089 or 1090) was a Russian Christian missionary and bishop. His feast day in the Russian Orthodox Church is celebrated on May 15.
Isaiah was born near Kiev. He was tonsured at Kiev Pechersk Lavra, and became abbot of Saint Dmitry's Monastery. In 1077, he became the second bishop of Rostov, succeeding Leonty of Rostov. As Christianity was not yet well established in the area, he spent his tenure converting pagans, destroying idolatry and encouraging the spread of Christianity. The seat of Bishop of Rostov remained vacant for more than a century after Isaiah's death. Relics of Leonty and Isaiah were discovered in 1162 or 1164. In 1474 they were re-interred in a new cathedral of Rostov.
The first historical reference to Isaiah appears in the "Life of Theodosius of Kiev" ().
"Life of Isaiah of Rostov" exists in two versions; the second and larger version incorporates long quotes from earlier chronicles and scriptures and does not add anything to biography itself. 19th-century historians attributed the first, brief, version to 13th-century Rostov chronists. According to contemporary authors, it was actually compiled around 1474, the year of canonization.

</doc>
<doc id="18930109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18930109" title="European Information Technology Observatory">
European Information Technology Observatory

The European Information Technology Observatory (EITO) gathers high quality and up-to-date information on European and global markets for information technology, telecommunications and consumer electronics. The EITO is managed by Bitkom Research GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of BITKOM, the German Association for Information Technology, Telecommunications and New Media. EITO is sponsored by Deutsche Telekom, KPMG and Telecom Italia. The research activities of the EITO Task Force are supported by the European Commission and the OECD.
The EITO exists thank to an initiative of Enore Deotto (Milano, † August, 9th, 2008 in Carnia) and the support of Luis-Alberto Petit Herrera (Madrid), Jörg Schomburg (Hannover) and Günther Möller (Frankfurt am Main). Between 1993 and 2007 the market reports were published as printed annual reports ("EITO yearbook"). Since 2008 the market reports are available in electronic version and can be purchased on the EITO online portal.
Currently, the ICT market reports are divided in following categories:
International Reports include ICT market information of all EITO countries and all market segments or only specific segments. The newest ICT Market Report 2013/14, published in October 2013, includes market data of 36 countries: 28 European markets, BRIC countries, Japan, Turkey and the USA as well as a deep analysis of ICT market developments in 9 European countries. The detailed market data and forecasts are available for the period 2010-2014.
This category includes EITO reports on a single country's ICT market. The Country ICT Market Reports are published biannually for France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom.
Thematic studies focusing on a specific topic.
Market Reports made upon order.

</doc>
<doc id="18930111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18930111" title="Ambre Energy">
Ambre Energy

Ambre Energy Limited is an Australian coal and oil shale company. It has offices in Brisbane and Salt Lake City.
History.
Ambre Energy was founded in June 2005 by Edek Choros, a geologist and mining engineer. In September 2005, Ambre Energy filed a patent for the Hybrid Energy System, a method for processing low value coal and other carbonaceous materials.
In April 2006, Ambre Energy started negotiations with American oil shale technology company Oil-Tech, Inc., incorporated in February 2000 in Utah. Oil-Tech, Inc. was a developer of the Oil-Tech staged electrically heated retort process for the oil shale pyrolysis. In October 2006, Ambre Energy and Oil-Tech established Millennium Synfuels, LLC, which take over property rights of the retorting technology. By 30 June 2007 Ambre Energy acquired 6% of Oil Tech and 17 October 2007 it acquired 35%. Further Oil Tech become a wholly owned subsidiary of Ambre Energy and as of 21 July 2008 was merged into Ambre Energy.
Felton Clean Coal Project.
Ambre Energy is planning to build and operate a clean coal gasification plant at Felton Valley, south west of Toowoomba, Queensland. The plan includes construction of an open-pit coal mine, and carbon capture facility. At the final stage, the plant is expected to produce enough gas for production of 2.8 million tonnes per year of dimethyl ether and generate 650 MW of electricity. It is also expected to produce by-products for fertilizer production, and olefins and plastics manufacturing.
Oil-Tech process.
Ambre Energy operates a small Oil-Tech-type of shale oil extraction pilot plant and of oil shale leases, approximately southeast of Vernal, Utah. In Oil-Tech process, crushed oil shale is lifted by a conveyor system to the vertical retort, and is loaded into the retort from the top. The retort consists of a series of connected individual heating chambers, stacked atop each other. Heating rods extend into the centers of each of these chambers. The feed oil shale is heated to increasingly higher temperatures as it moves down the retort, attaining a temperature of in the lowest chamber. The gases and vapors are vacuumed into a condensing unit. The spent shale is used for pre-heating feed oil shale. The advantages of this technology are its modular design, which enhances its portability and adaptability, its low water requirements, its heating efficiency, and the relatively high quality of the resulting product.

</doc>
<doc id="18930117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18930117" title="1987 Versions">
1987 Versions

1987 Versions is an EP by British hard rock band Whitesnake. The EP was released in 1987 and features remixes of old Whitesnake hits, such as; "Here I Go Again", "Standing in the Shadows", and "Need Your Love So Bad". The EP also contains the tracks; "Looking for Love" and "You're Gonna Break My Heart Again", which were not released in North America until 1994. The EP was only released in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18930204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18930204" title="James Coburn (Irish politician)">
James Coburn (Irish politician)

James Coburn (13 April 1889 – 5 December 1953), also known as "The Juker" Coburn, was an Irish politician. A builders foreman, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as an National League Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Louth constituency at the June 1927 general election. He was re-elected at the September 1927 general election but became an independent TD in July 1931 following the disbandment of the National League Party. He was re-elected as an independent TD at the 1932 and 1933 general elections. At the 1937 general election he was re-elected as a Fine Gael TD for Louth. He was re-elected at each general election until the 1951 general election. His background as a builder led to Fianna Fáil supporters disrupting Coburn's rallies at election time by singing "A mason once again" to the tune of the Fine Gael anthem A Nation Once Again. He died during the 14th Dáil and the subsequent by-election on 3 March 1954 was won by his son George Coburn.

</doc>
