<doc id="18951602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951602" title="Anschluss">
Anschluss

The Anschluss (spelled Anschluß at the time of the event, and until the German orthography reform of 1996; German for "connection" or union, political annexation), also known as the Anschluss Österreichs (), was the occupation and annexation of Austria into Nazi Germany in 1938. This was in contrast with the "Anschluss movement" (Austria and Germany united as one country), which had been attempted since as early as 1918 when the Republic of German-Austria attempted union with Germany but was forbidden by the Treaty of Saint Germain and Treaty of Versailles peace treaties.
The "Anschluss".
Austria was annexed into the German Third Reich on 12 March 1938. There had been several years of pressure by supporters in both Austria and Germany (by both Nazis and non-Nazis) for the ""Heim ins Reich"" movement. Earlier, Nazi Germany had provided support for the Austrian National Socialist Party (Austrian Nazi Party) in its bid to seize power from Austria's Austrofascist leadership.
Under considerable pressure from both Austrian and German Nazis, Austria's Chancellor Kurt Schuschnigg tried to hold a referendum for a vote on the issue. Although Schuschnigg expected Austria to vote in favour of maintaining autonomy, a well-planned "coup d'état" by the Austrian Nazi Party of Austria's state institutions in Vienna took place on 11 March 1938, prior to the referendum, which they canceled.
They transferred power to Germany, and "Wehrmacht" troops entered Austria to enforce the "Anschluss". The Nazis held a plebiscite within the following month, asking the people to ratify the fait accompli. They claimed to have received 99.7561% of the vote in favor.
Although the Allies were committed to upholding the terms of the Treaty of Versailles and St. Germain, which specifically prohibited the union of Austria and the German Empire, their reaction was only verbal and moderate. No military confrontation took place and even the strongest voices against the annexation, particularly Fascist Italy, France, and Britain (the "Stresa Front") remained at peace.
The "Anschluss" was among the first major steps of Adolf Hitler's creation of a Greater German Reich which was to include all ethnic German and all the lands and territories which the German Empire had lost after World War I. Although Austria had never been a part of 20th-century Germany (the unification of Germany of the mid to late 1800s created a Prussian dominated nation state in 1871, leaving Austria as a part of "Lesser Germany"), it was seen as a German state. Prior to the 1938 annexation, the Third Reich had remilitarized the Rhineland, and the Saar region was returned to Germany after 15 years of occupation through a plebiscite. After the "Anschluss", Hitler targeted Czechoslovakia, provoking an international crisis which led to the Munich Agreement in September 1938, giving the Third Reich control of the industrial Sudetenland, which had a predominantly ethnic German population. In March 1939, Hitler then ended Czechoslovakia by recognizing the independence of Slovakia and making the rest of the nation a protectorate. That same year, Memelland was returned from Lithuania.
With the Anschluss, the German-speaking Republic of Austria ceased to exist as a fully independent state. At the end of World War II, a Provisional Austrian Government was set up on 27 April 1945, and was legally recognized by the Allies in the following months. It was not until 1955 that Austria regained full sovereignty.
Timeline after World War I.
The idea of grouping all Germans into a nation-state country had been the subject of debate in the 19th century from the ending of the Holy Roman Empire of the German nation until the ending of the German Confederation. By 1871, the decision was to form a ""kleindeutsch"" German Empire based on Prussia and excluding Austria. Austria had its own empire at the time, comprising Hungarians, Slavs and other ethnic groups ruled by a German minority. Austria had wanted a "Großdeutsche Lösung" (greater Germany solution), whereby the German states would be united under the leadership of the Austrian Germans (Habsburgs). This solution would include all the German states (including the non-German regions of Austria), but Prussia would have to take second place. This controversy, called dualism, dominated Prusso-Austrian diplomacy and the politics of the German states, for the next 20 years.
1918–1933.
By the end of World War I, Austria was excluded from internal German affairs for more than fifty years since the Peace of Prague that concluded the Austro-Prussian War of 1866.
Elite and popular opinion in Austria after 1918 largely favoured some sort of union with Germany, but it was explicitly forbidden by the peace treaties. The Austro-Hungarian Empire broke up in 1918, and on 12 November that year German Austria was officially declared a republic. The provisional national assembly drafted a provisional constitution that stated that "German Austria is a democratic republic" (Article 1) and "German Austria is a component of the German Republic" (Article 2). Later plebiscites in the German border provinces of Tyrol and Salzburg yielded majorities of 98% and 99% in favor of a unification with the German Republic.
The Treaty of Versailles and the Treaty of Saint-Germain (both signed in 1919) explicitly prohibited the inclusion of Austria to politically join the German state. This measure was criticized by Hugo Preuss, the drafter of the German Weimar Constitution, who saw the prohibition as a contradiction of the Wilsonian principle of self-determination of peoples, intended to help bring peace to Europe. Following the destruction of World War I, however, France and Britain feared the power of a larger Germany and had begun to dis-empower the current one. Austrian particularism, especially among the nobility, also played a role in the decisions; Austria was Roman Catholic, while Germany was dominated by Protestants, especially in government (the Prussian nobility, for example, was Lutheran). The constitutions of the Weimar Republic and the First Austrian Republic included the political goal of unification, which was widely supported by democratic parties. In the early 1930s, popular support in Austria for union with German Empire remained overwhelming, and the Austrian government looked to a possible customs union with German Republic in 1931.
Nazi Germany.
The rise of the Nazis led by Adolf Hitler to power in the Weimar Republic initially caused the Austrian government to withdraw from such economic ties. Hitler, an Austrian German by birth, picked up his patriotic German nationalist ideas while serving in the German army during WWI. In accordance to this, one of the Nazi's ideologies was to re-unite all Germans either born or living outside of the "Reich" in order to create an "all-German "Reich"". From the early beginning of his leadership in the Nazi Party, Hitler had publicly stated in his 1924 autobiography ("Mein Kampf") that he would create a union between his birth country and Germany, by any means possible ("German-Austria must be restored to the great German Motherland." "People of the same blood should be in the same Reich.").
Austria shared the economic turbulence of the Great Depression, with a high unemployment rate and unstable commerce and industry. During the 1920s it was a target for German investment capital. By 1937, rapid German rearmament increased Berlin's interest in annexation, because Austria was rich in raw materials and labor. It supplied Germany with magnesium and the products of the iron, textile and machine industries. It had gold and foreign currency reserves, many unemployed skilled workers and hundreds of idle factories, and large potential hydroelectric resources.
The First Republic, dominated from the late 1920s by the anti-"Anschluss" Catholic nationalist Christian Social Party (CS), gradually disintegrated from 1933 (dissolution of parliament and ban of the Austrian National Socialists) to 1934 (Austrian Civil War in February and ban of all remaining parties except the CS). The government evolved into a pseudo-fascist, corporatist model of one-party government, which combined the CS and the paramilitary "Heimwehr" with absolute state domination of labour relations and no freedom of the press ("see Austrofascism and Patriotic Front").
Power was centralized in the office of the chancellor, who was empowered to rule by decree. The predominance of the Christian Social Party (whose economic policies were based on the papal encyclical "Rerum Novarum") was an Austrian phenomenon. Austria's national identity had strong Catholic elements that were incorporated into the movement, by way of clerical authoritarian tendencies not found in Nazism. Both Engelbert Dollfuss and his successor, Kurt Schuschnigg, turned to Austria's other fascist neighbour, Italy, for inspiration and support. The statist corporatism often referred to as Austrofascism bore much more resemblance to Italian Fascism than German National Socialism. For his part, Benito Mussolini supported the independence of Austria, largely due to concern that Hitler would eventually press for the return of Italian territories once ruled by Austria. However, Mussolini needed German support in Ethiopia ("see Second Italo-Abyssinian War"). After receiving a personal assurance from Hitler that Germany would not seek territorial concessions from Italy, Mussolini began a client relationship with Berlin that began with the 1937 Berlin–Rome Axis.
On 25 July 1934, Chancellor Dollfuss was assassinated by Austrian Nazis in a failed coup. The second civil war followed, lasting until August 1934. Afterward, leading Austrian Nazis fled to Germany but they continued to push for unification from there. The remaining Austrian Nazis started to make use of terrorist attacks against Austrian governmental institutions, causing a death toll of more than 800 between 1934 and 1938.
Following Dollfuss' assassination, his successor was Kurt Schuschnigg, who followed a similar political course. In 1935 Schuschnigg used the police to suppress the Nazi supporters in Austria. Police actions under Schuschnigg included gathering Nazis (and Social Democrats) and holding them in internment camps. The Austrofascism of Austria between 1934–1938 focused on the history of Austria and opposed the absorption of Austria into the Third Reich (according to the philosophy Austrians were "better Germans"). Schuschnigg called Austria the "better German state" but struggled to keep Austria independent. Eventually Schuschnigg gave up his anti-Nazi program and in July 1936 he signed the Austro-German Agreement, which, among other concessions, allowed the release of Nazis imprisoned in Austria and the inclusion of National Socialists in his Cabinet. This did not satisfy Hitler and the pro-Germany Austrian Nazis grew in strength.
1938.
Following increasing violence and demands from Hitler that Austria agree to a union, Schuschnigg met with Hitler on 12 February at Berchtesgaden in an attempt to avoid the take-over of Austria. Hitler presented Schuschnigg with a set of demands which included appointing known Austrian Nazi sympathizers to positions of great power in the Austrian government. The key appointment was that of Seyss-Inquart who would take over as Minister of Public Security, with full and unlimited control of the police forces in Austria. In return Hitler would publicly reaffirm the treaty of 11 July 1936 and reaffirm his support for Austria's national sovereignty. Schuschnigg accepted Hitler's "deal", returned to Vienna and made the changes to his government.
Seyss-Inquart was a longtime Nazi who sought the union of all Germans in one state. Leopold argues he was a moderate who favoured an evolutionary approach to union. He opposed the violent tactics of the Austrian Nazis, collaborated with Catholic groups, and wanted to preserve a measure of Austrian identity within the Third Reich.
One week later, Hitler made a speech in which he stated, "The German Reich is no longer willing to tolerate the suppression of ten million Germans across its borders." This was clearly directed at Austria and Czechoslovakia.
Schuschnigg announces a referendum.
On 9 March 1938, in an effort to preserve Austria's independence, Schuschnigg scheduled a plebiscite on the issue of unification for 13 March. To secure a large majority in the referendum, Schuschnigg set the minimum voting age at 24, as he believed younger voters were now supporters of the German Nazi ideology. This was a risk, and the next day it became apparent that Hitler would not simply stand by while Austria declared its independence by public vote. Hitler declared that the referendum would be subject to major fraud and that Germany would not accept it. In addition, the German ministry of propaganda issued press reports that riots had broken out in Austria and that large parts of the Austrian population were calling for German troops to restore order. Schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false.
Hitler sent an ultimatum to Schuschnigg on 11 March, demanding that he hand over all power to the Austrian National Socialists or face an invasion. The ultimatum was set to expire at noon, but was extended by two hours. Without waiting for an answer, Hitler had already signed the order to send troops into Austria at one o'clock.
Schuschnigg desperately sought support for Austrian independence in the hours following the ultimatum. Realizing that neither France nor Britain was willing to take steps, he resigned as chancellor that evening. In the radio broadcast in which he announced his resignation, he argued that he accepted the changes and allowed the Nazis to take over the government 'to avoid the shedding of fraternal blood ["Bruderblut"]'.
It is said that after listening to Bruckner's Seventh Symphony, Hitler cried: ""How can anyone say that Austria is not German! Is there anything more German than our old pure Austrianness?""
German troops march into Austria.
On the morning of 12 March, the 8th Army of the German "Wehrmacht" crossed the border to Austria. The troops were greeted by cheering German-Austrians with Nazi salutes, Nazi flags, and flowers. Because of this, the Nazi annexing is also called the "Blumenkrieg" (war of flowers), but its official name was "Unternehmen Otto". For the "Wehrmacht", the invasion was the first big test of its machinery. Although the invading forces were badly organized and coordination among the units was poor, it mattered little because no fighting took place.
Hitler's car crossed the border in the afternoon at Braunau, his birthplace. In the evening, he arrived at Linz and was given an enthusiastic welcome. The enthusiasm displayed toward Hitler and the Germans surprised both Nazis and non-Nazis, as most people had believed that a majority of Austrians opposed Anschluss. Hitler had intended to Nazify Austria and make it a close ally to Germany, but now he decided to formally absorb the country as a German province. On 13 March Seyss-Inquart announced the revoking of Article 88 of the Treaty of Saint-Germain, which prohibited the unification of Austria and Germany, and approved the replacement of the Austrian states with Reichsgau.
Hitler's travel through Austria became a triumphal tour that climaxed in Vienna, on 15 March 1938, when around 200,000 German-Austrians gathered around the "Heldenplatz" (Square of Heroes) to hear Hitler say in front of tens of thousands of cheering people that ""The oldest eastern province of the German people shall be, from this point on, the newest bastion of the German Reich"" followed by his "greatest accomplishment" (completing the annexing of Austria to form a Greater German Reich) by saying ""Als Führer und Kanzler der deutschen Nation und des Reiches melde ich vor der deutschen Geschichte nunmehr den Eintritt meiner Heimat in das Deutsche Reich."" Translation: "As leader and chancellor of the German nation and Reich I announce to German history now the entry of my homeland into the German Reich." Hitler later commented: "Certain foreign newspapers have said that we fell on Austria with brutal methods. I can only say: even in death they cannot stop lying. I have in the course of my political struggle won much love from my people, but when I crossed the former frontier (into Austria) there met me such a stream of love as I have never experienced. Not as tyrants have we come, but as liberators."
The "Anschluss" was given immediate effect by legislative act on 13 March, subject to ratification by a plebiscite. Austria became the province of Ostmark, and Seyss-Inquart was appointed governor. The plebiscite was held on 10 April and officially recorded a support of 99.7% of the voters.
Hitler's forces worked to suppress any opposition. Before the first German soldier crossed the border, Heinrich Himmler and a few SS officers landed in Vienna to arrest prominent representatives of the First Republic, such as Richard Schmitz, Leopold Figl, Friedrich Hillegeist, and Franz Olah. During the few weeks between the "Anschluss" and the plebiscite, authorities rounded up Social Democrats, Communists, and other potential political dissenters, as well as Jews, and imprisoned them or sent them to concentration camps. Within only a few days of 12 March, 70,000 people had been arrested. The plebiscite was subject to large-scale propaganda and to the abrogation of the voting rights of around 400,000 people (nearly 10% of the eligible voting population), mainly former members of left-wing parties and Jews.
While historians concur that the result was not manipulated, the voting process was neither free nor secret. Officials were present directly beside the voting booths and received the voting ballot by hand (in contrast to a secret vote where the voting ballot is inserted into a closed box). In some remote areas of Austria, people voted to preserve the independence of Austria on 13 March (in Schuschnigg's planned but officially cancelled plebiscite) despite the "Wehrmacht"s presence. For instance, in the village of Innervillgraten, a majority of 95% voted for Austria's independence. However, in the plebiscite on 10 April, 73.3% of votes in Innervillgraten were in favor of the Anschluss, which was still the lowest number of all Austrian municipalities.
A largely unhindered voting process occurred in the Italian harbour city of Gaeta, where an extraterritorial vote of German and Austrian clerics, studying at the German college of Santa Maria dell'Anima, took place. The vote was concluded on board the German cruiser , which was anchored in the harbour. Contrary to the overall result, these clerical votes rejected the Anschluss by over 90%, an incident which became known at the time as the "Shame of Gaeta" ("Vergogna di Gaeta", "Schande von Gaeta").
Austria remained part of the Third Reich until the end of World War II, when a preliminary Austrian government declared the "Anschluss" "null und nichtig" (null and void) on 27 April 1945. After the war, then Allied-occupied Austria was recognized and treated as a separate country. It was not restored to sovereignty until the Austrian State Treaty and Austrian Declaration of Neutrality, both of 1955, largely due to the rapid development of the Cold War and disputes between the Soviet Union and its former allies over foreign policy.
Reactions and consequences of the "Anschluss".
Austria in the first days of the Third Reich had many contradictions: at one and the same time, Hitler's regime began to tighten its grip in every area of society, beginning with mass arrests as thousands of Austrians tried to escape; yet other Austrians cheered and welcomed the German troops entering their territory. Many Austrian political figures announced their support of the "Anschluss" and relief that it happened without violence.
Cardinal Theodor Innitzer (a political figure of the CS) declared as early as 12 March: "The Viennese Catholics should thank the Lord for the bloodless way this great political change has occurred, and they should pray for a great future for Austria. Needless to say, everyone should obey the orders of the new institutions." The other Austrian bishops followed suit some days later. Vatican Radio, however, broadcast a strong denunciation of the German action, and Cardinal Pacelli, the Vatican Secretary of State, ordered Innitzer to report to Rome. Before meeting the Pope, Innitzer met Pacelli, who had been outraged by Innitzer's statement. He told Innitzer that he needed to retract his statement; he was made to sign a new statement, issued on behalf of all the Austrian bishops, which provided: "The solemn declaration of the Austrian bishops ... was clearly not intended to be an approval of something that was not and is not compatible with God's law". The Vatican newspaper reported that the German bishops' earlier statement had been issued without approval from Rome.
Robert Kauer, president of the minority Lutheran Church in Austria, greeted Hitler on 13 March as "saviour of the 350,000 German Protestants in Austria and liberator from a five-year hardship". Karl Renner, the most famous Social Democrat of the First Republic, announced his support for the Anschluss and appealed to all Austrians to vote in favour of it on 10 April.
The international response to the Anschluss was publicly moderate. "The Times" commented that 300 years before, Scotland had joined England as well, and that this event would not really differ much. On 14 March, the British Prime Minister, Neville Chamberlain, noted in the House of Commons:
His Majesty's Government have throughout been in the closest touch with the situation. The Foreign Secretary saw the German Foreign Minister on the 10th of March and addressed to him a grave warning on the Austrian situation and upon what appeared to be the policy of the German Government in regard to it. ... Late on the 11th of March our Ambassador in Berlin registered a protest in strong terms with the German Government against such use of coercion, backed by force, against an independent State in order to create a situation incompatible with its national independence.
However, the speech concluded:
I imagine that according to the temperament of the individual the events which are in our minds to-day will be the cause of regret, of sorrow, perhaps of indignation. They cannot be regarded by His Majesty's Government with indifference or equanimity. They are bound to have effects which cannot yet be measured. The immediate result must be to intensify the sense of uncertainty and insecurity in Europe. Unfortunately, while the policy of appeasement would lead to a relaxation of the economic pressure under which many countries are suffering to-day, what has just occurred must inevitably retard economic recovery and, indeed, increased care will be required to ensure that marked deterioration does not set in. This is not a moment for hasty decisions or for careless words. We must consider the new situation quickly, but with cool judgement... As regards our defence programmes, we have always made it clear that they were flexible and that they would have to be reviewed from time to time in the light of any development in the international situation. It would be idle to pretend that recent events do not constitute a change of the kind that we had in mind. Accordingly we have decided to make a fresh review, and in due course we shall announce what further steps we may think it necessary to take. Within this speech Chamberlain also said, "The hard fact is that nothing could have arrested what has actually happened Austria unless this country and other countries had been prepared to use force."
Germany, which had a shortage of steel and weak balance of payments, gained iron ore mines in the Erzberg and 748 million RM in the Austrian National Bank's reserves, more than twice its own cash. The subdued reaction to the "Anschluss" (the U.S. issued a similar statement) led to Hitler's conclusion that he could use more aggressive tactics in his "roadmap" to expand the Third Reich, as he would later do in annexing the Sudetenland.
Legacy.
"Anschluss": annexation or union?
The word "Anschluss" outside the context of March 1938 is properly translated as "joinder," "connection," "unification," or "political union." In contrast, the German word "Annektierung" that would mean military annexation unambiguously was and is not commonly used in this context. The usage of the term "Anschluss" has been widespread before and in 1938 describing an incorporation of Austria into Germany. Calling the incorporation of Austria into Nazi Germany an "Anschluss," that is a unification or joinder, was also part of the propaganda used in 1938 by Hitler and the Nazis to create the impression the events of March 1938 were not backed and enforced by military pressure. Hitler described the incorporation of Austria as its return to its original home ("Heimkehr"). The word "Anschluss" has endured during and following World War II, despite being a euphemism for what took place.
Some historical sources, like the "Encyclopædia Britannica", describe the "Anschluss" as an "annexation" rather than a union.
Second Republic.
Moscow Declaration.
The Moscow Declaration of 1943, signed by the U.S., the Soviet Union and the UK, included a "Declaration on Austria", which stated the following:
The governments of the United Kingdom, the Soviet Union and the United States of America are agreed that Austria, the first free country to fall a victim to Hitlerite aggression, shall be liberated from German domination.
They regard the annexation imposed on Austria by Germany on 15 March 1938, as null and void. They consider themselves as in no way bound by any changes effected in Austria since that date. They declare that they wish to see re-established a free and independent Austria and thereby to open the way for the Austrian people themselves, as well as those neighbouring States which will be faced with similar problems, to find that political and economic security which is the only basis for lasting peace.
Austria is reminded, however, that she has a responsibility, which she cannot evade, for participation in the war at the side of Hitlerite Germany, and that in the final settlement account will inevitably be taken of her own contribution to her liberation.
The declaration was mostly intended to serve as propaganda aimed at stirring Austrian resistance. Although some Austrians aided Jews and are counted as Righteous among the Nations, there never was an effective Austrian armed resistance of the sort found in other countries under German occupation. The declaration is said to have a somewhat complex drafting history. At Nuremberg, Arthur Seyss-Inquart and Franz von Papen, in particular, were both indicted under count one (conspiracy to commit crimes against peace) specifically for their activities in support of the Austrian Nazi Party and the "Anschluss", but neither was convicted of this count. In acquitting von Papen, the court noted that his actions were in its view political immoralities but not crimes under its charter. Seyss-Inquart was convicted of other serious war crimes, most of which took place in Poland and the Netherlands, was sentenced to death and executed. 
Austrian identity and the "victim theory".
After World War II, many Austrians sought comfort in the idea of Austria as "the Nazis' first victim." Although the Nazi party was promptly banned, Austria did not have the same thorough process of de-Nazification at the top of government which was imposed on Germany for a time. Lacking outside pressure for political reform, factions of Austrian society tried for a long time to advance the view that the Anschluss was only an annexation at the point of a bayonet.
This view of the events of 1938 has deep roots in the 10 years of Allied occupation and the struggle to regain Austrian sovereignty: the "victim theory" played an essential role in the negotiations on the Austrian State Treaty with the Soviets, and by pointing to the Moscow Declaration, Austrian politicians heavily relied on it to achieve a solution for Austria different from the division of Germany into separate Eastern and Western states. The state treaty, alongside the subsequent Austrian declaration of permanent neutrality, marked important milestones for the solidification of Austria's independent national identity during the course of the following decades.
As Austrian politicians of the left and right attempted to reconcile their differences in order to avoid the violent conflict that had dominated the First Republic, discussions of both Austrian Nazism and Austria's role during the Nazi-era were largely avoided. Still, the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP) had advanced, and still advances, the argument that the establishment of the Dollfuss dictatorship was necessary in order to maintain Austrian independence. On the other hand, the Austrian Social Democratic Party (SPÖ) argues that the Dollfuss dictatorship stripped the country of the democratic resources necessary to repel Hitler; yet it ignores the fact that Hitler himself was a native to Austria.
In contrast with the first victim theory, it has also helped the Austrians develop their own national identity as before. After World War II and the fall of the Third Reich the political ideology Pan-Germanism massively declined and is now seen by the vast majority of German-speaking people as taboo. Unlike earlier in the 20th century era when there was no Austrian identity separate from a German one, in 1987 only 6 percent of the Austrians identified themselves as "Germans." Today over 90 percent of the Austrians see themselves as an independent nation. The logic of the existence of an independent Austrian state is no longer questioned as it was in the inter-war period.
Political events.
For decades, the victim theory remained largely undisputed. The Austrian public was rarely forced to confront the legacy of the Third "Reich"; most notably it had to face issues during the events of 1965, when Taras Borodajkewycz, a professor of economic history, made anti-Semitic remarks following the death of Ernst Kirchweger, a concentration camp survivor killed by a right-wing protester during riots. It was not until the 1980s that Austrians confronted their mixed past. The catalyst for the "Vergangenheitsbewältigung" was the Waldheim affair. When Kurt Waldheim, the successful candidate of a presidential election and former UN Secretary-General, was accused of having been a member of the Nazi party and of the infamous SA (he was later absolved of direct involvement in war crimes), Austrians said that scrutiny was an unwelcome intervention in the country's internal affairs. Despite the politicians' reactions to international criticism, the Waldheim affair started the first serious discussions about Austria's past and the "Anschluss".
Another factor was the rise of Jörg Haider and the Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ) in the 1980s. The party had combined elements of the pan-German right with free-market liberalism since its foundation in 1955, but after Haider ascended to the party chairmanship in 1986, the liberal elements became increasingly marginalized. Haider began to openly use nationalist and anti-immigrant rhetoric. He was criticised for using the "völkisch" (ethnic) definition of national interest ("Austria for Austrians") and his apologetics for Austria's past, notably calling members of the Waffen-SS "men of honour". Following a dramatic rise in electoral support in the 1990s that peaked in the 1999 elections, the FPÖ entered a coalition with the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP), led by Wolfgang Schüssel. This was condemned in 2000. The coalition prompted the regular "Donnerstagsdemonstrationen" (Thursday demonstrations) in protest against the government, which took place on the Heldenplatz where Hitler had greeted the masses during the "Anschluss". Haider's tactics and rhetoric, often criticised as sympathetic to Nazism, forced Austrians to reconsider their relationship to the past. Haider's coalition partner, former Chancellor Wolfgang Schüssel, in a 2000 interview with the "Jerusalem Post", stated that Austria was the first victim of Hitler's Germany, repeating the victim story.
Literature.
The political discussions and soul-searching were reflected in other aspects of culture. Thomas Bernhard's last play, "Heldenplatz" (1988), generated controversy even before it was produced, fifty years after Hitler's entrance to the city. Bernhard made the historic elimination of references to Hitler's reception in Vienna emblematic of Austrian attempts to claim its history and culture under questionable criteria. Many politicians called Bernhard a "Nestbeschmutzer" (damaging the reputation of his country) and openly demanded that the play should not be staged in Vienna's Burgtheater. Waldheim, still president, called the play "a crude insult to the Austrian people".
Historical Commission and outstanding legal issues.
In the context of the postwar Federal Republic of Germany, one encounters a "Vergangenheitsbewältigung" ("struggle to come to terms with the past") that has been partially institutionalised, variably in literary, cultural, political, and educational contexts (its development and difficulties have not been trivial; see, for example, the Historikerstreit). Austria formed a "Historikerkommission" ("Historian's Commission" or "Historical Commission") in 1998 with a mandate to review Austria's role in the Nazi expropriation of Jewish property from a scholarly rather than legal perspective, partly in response to continuing criticism of its handling of property claims. Its membership was based on recommendations from various quarters, including Simon Wiesenthal and Yad Vashem. The Commission delivered its report in 2003. Noted Holocaust historian Raul Hilberg refused to participate in the Commission and in an interview stated his strenuous objections in terms both personal and in reference to larger questions about Austrian culpability and liability, comparing what he thought to be relative inattention to the settlement governing the Swiss bank holdings of those who died or were displaced by the Holocaust:
I personally would like to know why the WJC has hardly put any pressure on Austria, even as leading Nazis and SS leaders were Austrians, Hitler included... Immediately after the war, the US wanted to make the Russians withdraw from Austria, and the Russians wanted to keep Austria neutral, therefore there was a common interest to grant Austria victim status. And later Austria could cry poor – though its per capita income is as high as Germany's. And, most importantly, the Austrian PR machinery works better. Austria has the opera ball, the imperial castle, Mozartkugeln chocolate. Americans like that. And Austrians invest and export relatively little to the US, therefore they are less vulnerable to blackmail. In the meantime, they set up a commission in Austria to clarify what happened to Jewish property. Victor Klima, the former chancellor, has asked me to join. My father fought for Austria in the First World War and in 1939 he was kicked out of Austria. After the war they offered him ten dollars per month as compensation. For this reason I told Klima, no thank you, this makes me sick.
The Simon Wiesenthal Center continues to criticise Austria (as recently as June 2005) for its alleged historical and ongoing unwillingness aggressively to pursue investigations and trials against Nazis for war crimes and crimes against humanity from the 1970s onwards. Its 2001 report offered the following characterization:
Given the extensive participation of numerous Austrians, including at the highest levels, in the implementation of the Final Solution and other Nazi crimes, Austria should have been a leader in the prosecution of Holocaust perpetrators over the course of the past four decades, as has been the case in Germany. Unfortunately relatively little has been achieved by the Austrian authorities in this regard and in fact, with the exception of the case of Dr. Heinrich Gross which was suspended this year under highly suspicious circumstances (he claimed to be medically unfit, but outside the court proved to be healthy) not a single Nazi war crimes prosecution has been conducted in Austria since the mid-1970s.
In 2003, the Center launched a worldwide effort named "Operation: Last Chance" in order to collect further information about those Nazis still alive that are potentially subject to prosecution. Although reports issued shortly thereafter credited Austria for initiating large-scale investigations, there has been one case where criticism of Austrian authorities arose recently: The Center has put 92-year-old Croatian Milivoj Asner on its 2005 top ten list. Asner fled to Austria in 2004 after Croatia announced it would start investigations in the case of war crimes he may have been involved in. In response to objections about Asner's continued freedom, Austria's federal government has deferred to either extradition requests from Croatia or prosecutorial actions from Klagenfurt, neither of which appears forthcoming (as of June 2005). Extradition is not an option since Asner also holds Austrian citizenship, having lived in the country from 1946 to 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18951604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951604" title="Teatro La Caridad">
Teatro La Caridad

Teatro de La Caridad or Teatro La Caridad (Spanish for "Charity's Theater"), located in Santa Clara, is one of the few remaining colonial theatres in Cuba. It is a National Monument of Cuba.
History.
Early history.
Teatro de La Caridad was built in 1885 and is one of The Eight Grand Theaters of Cuban Colonial era along with Teatro de la Marina in Santiago de Cuba Milanes in Pinar del Río [1838, Tacón in Havana Brunet in Trinidad [1840, Principal in Camagüey Sauto in Matanzas [1863 and Terry in Cienfuegos . 
The theater was financed entirely by Marta Abreu de Estevez, a local and beloved philanthropist who contributed to the prosperity of the city, donating resources to many other projects. La Caridad is one of her greatest legacies. Engineer Don Herminio Leiva y Aguilera was in charge of the design of the building. Asked for more functionality Don Herminio came up with a structure with an auditorium for 500+ observers, a mini concert room, cafeteria, restaurant, barbershop and a dancing room. The theatre has quite a sober exterior, but it is the engineering solution for new angles of the roof, the amount of windows and doors for better air flow and the interior decoration that stands up.
Decorations were made by Cuban painter and sculptor Miguel Melero, Spanish Miguel Arias and Philippine-Cuban Camilo Salaya, who later also decorated the Terry Theater in Cienfuegos province, the last of The Eight Grand Theaters. The fresco on the main ceiling depicts Genius, History, Fame, Tragedy and Comedy. The floor and sculptures in the lobby are of white English marble. Ironworks and chairs were imported form America. 
September 8, 1885 was inauguration night with many festivities and finalizing with the play "Los lazos de familia" (Family bonds). All local society was present and a formal invitation to the Governor General of the island was issued for the occasion as well. Next morning thankful citizens of Santa Clara took Marta Abreu to the function in a chariot over a carpet of flowers, after that she gave away her theater to the City Council as planned and together they administrated it and saw that part of the money always went to local charities. During the next 75 years the place was changed several times in detriment of the original design. The last restoration of the structure took place in 1964 when most of the original splendor was recovered but after that more than 4 decades has passed and today the facility is in a much needed restoration again. Unfortunately local authorities lack the necessary funds to make this task possible. The theater has been closed to public functions from 2007 when a loud sound in the roof alerted the personnel. In further inspections corroded centuries old timbers were detected in the roof and it has been closed since then.
Recent history.
La Caridad Theater is one of the most famous gems from the colonial times in rural Cuba. Its stage has seen world famous figures like Enrico Caruso. It was declared a National Monument in 1999 along with the rest of the architectonic environment of Parque Vidal. It is headquarter to the "Compania Danza Abierta" (Open Dance Company), "Orquesta Sinfonica Provincial" (Provincial Symphonic Orchestra) and "Banda de Conciertos de Santa Clara" (Santa Clara Concert Band).

</doc>
<doc id="18951605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951605" title="Alan Doss">
Alan Doss

__NOTOC__
Alan Claude Doss CMG (born 7 January 1945) is a British administrator who has spent his entire professional life in the service of the United Nations working on peacekeeping, development and humanitarian assignments in Africa, Asia and Europe as well as at United Nations Headquarters in New York. 
On 24 October 2007, he was appointed as Special Representative of the Secretary General (SRSG) of the United Nations in Democratic Republic of the Congo and Head of the UN peace keeping mission there, MONUC, until June 2010 with the rank of Under Secretary General. MONUC, now MONUSCO, is the UN’s largest peace operation. The Mission is deeply engaged in the peace process in the Congo and providing security support to the country as it seeks to end armed conflict in the war torn eastern part of the Congo. Throughout the country the Mission is promoting human rights, the protection of women and children, reform of state institutions and the holding of democratic elections. 
Doss's early appointments included posts as UN Resident Coordinator and United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) Resident Representative in Benin and the Democratic Republic of the Congo responsible for UN operational activities in those countries. In 1977, he had developed the first UNDP cooperation program for Vietnam. In 1979, he was appointed as Deputy Resident Representative of UNDP in China opening of the first international development cooperation program and office in that country. 
Doss then served as United Nations Resident Coordinator and Regional Representative of the UNDP in Bangkok, Thailand. At the same time, he was Director of the United Nations Border Relief Operation (UNBRO), in charge of United Nations assistance to hundreds of thousands of displaced Cambodians on the Thai-Cambodia border. During this period he was also the UN representative to the Mekong River Committee that manages South East Asia’s greatest river network and was part of the negotiating team that restructured the institution into an inter-governmental commission with the re-admission of Cambodia to the group. 
He was then appointed Director of the UNDP European Office in Geneva, Switzerland, where he was charged with strengthening UNDP’s outreach and fund raising work in Western Europe, focusing on advocacy for human development. He concurrently represented the UNDP at the Development Assistance Committee (DAC) of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) in Paris where he was member of the group that drew up the DAC’s landmark study on conflict, peace and development cooperation in 1997. 
Doss held the position of Director of the United Nations Development Group (UNDG), which was set up by Secretary General Kofi Annan to strengthen coordination among the UN organizations dealing with development under the leadership of the Administrator of UNDP. He managed the design and implementation of reforms aimed to improve the performance of UN operational activities around the world. During that period he coordinated the UNDG’s work on the follow-up to the UN global conferences of the nineties, which led to the pioneer publication “A Better World for All” published jointly by the UN, World Bank, IMF and OECD and subsequently, at the end of the decade, to the UN’s Millennium Development Goals.
When the UN organized a peacekeeping mission in Sierra Leone, (UNAMSIL), Doss became Deputy Special Representative if the mission and served concurrently as United Nations Humanitarian Coordinator and UNDP Resident Representative where he provided oversight for the reintegration of war affected populations, UN support for the disarmament program, restoration of state authority, governance reform and the national recovery program. His appointment, following on the recommendations of the Brahimi Panel on UN peace operations in late 2000, was aimed at strengthening the effectiveness of such operations through better coordination of UN peace keeping, humanitarian and development activities in country. 
He then became Principal Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Ivory Coast, where he coordinated the work of the United Nations Peacekeeping Mission ONUCI in the areas of human rights, rule of law, civilian police and management.
Immediately prior to his current assignment to the DRC, he was the Special Representative of the Secretary General of the United Nations in Liberia and head of the UN peace keeping mission there, UNMIL, also with the rank of Under Secretary General. The UN mission provided extensive security and political support for the 2005 national elections in Liberia, which resulted in the election of Ellen Johnson Sirleaf as Africa’s first female elected head of state. Following the elections Doss worked very closely with the new Administration on national recovery and reconstruction including the groundbreaking governance and economic programme, GEMAP.He worked closely with the Sierra Leone Tribunal to ensure that Charles Taylor was detained and successfully transferred by UNMIL to the Court's jurisdiction.
Other country assignments through the years included Niger and Kenya and at UNDP Headquarters in New York where he served in the Africa and Asia regional offices and in the Management Bureau.
Following his retirement from the United Nations in 2010, Doss joined the Geneva Centre for Security Policy (GCSP) as a Visiting Fellow where he lectured and published on peacekeeping, peace building and leadership. In October 2011 he was appointed Senior Political Adviser at the Kofi Annan Foundation in Geneva in charge of the Foundation's work on peace and security.
Doss was brought up in Cardiff, Wales. He graduated from the London School of Economics and Political Science. He is married to Soheir Doss. They have three daughters and a granddaughter.
Doss was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in the 2011 New Year Honours for services to the United Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="18951616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951616" title="Alan Alda">
Alan Alda

Alan Alda (born Alphonso Joseph D'Abruzzo; January 28, 1936) is an American actor, director, screenwriter, and author. A six-time Emmy Award and Golden Globe Award winner, he is best known for his starring roles as Hawkeye Pierce in the TV series "M*A*S*H" and Arnold Vinick in "The West Wing", and his supporting role in the 2004 film "The Aviator", for which he was nominated for an Academy Award. He is currently a Visiting Professor at the State University of New York at Stony Brook School of Journalism and a member of the advisory board of The Center for Communicating Science. He serves on the board of the World Science Festival and is a judge for Math-O-Vision.
Family and early life.
Alda was born Alphonso Joseph D'Abruzzo in New York City and had a peripatetic childhood as his parents traveled around the United States in support of his father's job as a performer in burlesque theatres. His father, Robert Alda (born Alphonso Giuseppe Giovanni Roberto D'Abruzzo), was an actor and singer, and his mother, Joan Browne, a homemaker and former beauty pageant winner. His father was of Italian descent and his mother was of Irish ancestry. His adopted surname, "Alda," is a portmanteau of "AL"phonso and "D'A"bruzzo. 
When Alda was seven years old, he contracted poliomyelitis. To combat the disease, his parents administered a painful treatment regimen developed by Sister Elizabeth Kenny that consisted of applying hot woollen blankets to his limbs and stretching his muscles. Alda attended Archbishop Stepinac High School in White Plains, New York. In 1956, he received his Bachelor of Arts degree in English from Fordham College of Fordham University in the Bronx, where he was a student staff member of its FM radio station, WFUV. Alda's half-brother, Antony Alda, was born that same year and would also become an actor.
During Alda's young junior year, he studied in Paris, acted in a play in Rome, and performed with his father on television in Amsterdam. In college, he was a member of the ROTC, and after graduation, he served for a year at Fort Benning, and then six months in the U.S. Army Reserve. A year after graduation, he married Arlene Weiss, with whom he has three daughters: Eve, Elizabeth, and Beatrice. Two of his 7 grandchildren are aspiring actors. The Aldas have been longtime residents of Leonia, New Jersey. Alda frequented Sol & Sol Deli on Palisade Avenue in the nearby town of Englewood, New Jersey—a fact mirrored in his character's daydream about eating whitefish from the establishment, in an episode of "M*A*S*H" in which Hawkeye sustains a head injury.
Career.
Early acting.
Alda began his career in the 1950s, as a member of the Compass Players comedy revue. In 1966, he starred in the musical "The Apple Tree" on Broadway; he was nominated for the Tony Award as Best Actor in a Musical for that role.
Alda made his Hollywood acting debut as a supporting player in "Gone are the Days!" – a film version of the highly successful Broadway play "Purlie Victorious", which co-starred veteran actors Ruby Dee and her husband, Ossie Davis. Other film roles would follow, such as his portrayal of author, humorist, and actor George Plimpton in the film "Paper Lion" (1968), as well as "The Extraordinary Seaman" (1969), and the occult-murder-suspense thriller "The Mephisto Waltz", with actress Jacqueline Bisset. During this time, Alda frequently appeared as a panelist on the 1968 revival of "What's My Line?". He also appeared as a panelist on "I've Got a Secret" during its 1972 syndication revival.
"M*A*S*H" series (1972–83).
In early 1972, Alda auditioned for and was selected to play the role of "Hawkeye Pierce" in the TV adaptation of the 1970 film "MASH". He was nominated for 21 Emmy Awards, and won five. He took part in writing 19 episodes, including the finale, and directed 32, including the finale. When he won his first Emmy Award for writing, he was so happy that he performed a cartwheel before running up to the stage to accept the award. He was also the first person to win Emmy Awards for acting, writing, and directing for the same series. Richard Hooker, who wrote the novel on which "M*A*S*H" was based, did not like Alda's portrayal of Hawkeye Pierce (Hooker, a Republican, had based Hawkeye on himself, whereas Alda and the show's writers took the character in a more liberal direction). Alda also directed the show's 1983 2½-hour series finale "Goodbye, Farewell and Amen", which remains the single most-watched episode of any television series. Alda is the only series regular to appear in all 251 episodes.
Alda commuted from Los Angeles to his home in New Jersey every weekend for 11 years while starring in "M*A*S*H". His wife and daughters lived in New Jersey, and he did not want to move his family to Los Angeles, especially because he did not know how long the show would last.
Alan Alda, father Robert Alda, and half-brother Antony Alda appeared together in an episode of "M*A*S*H", "Lend a Hand", during Season 8. Robert had previously appeared in "The Consultant" in Season 3.
During the first five seasons of the series, the tone of "M*A*S*H" was largely that of a traditional "service comedy", in the vein of shows like "McHale's Navy". However, as the original writers gradually left the series, Alda gained increasing control, and by the final seasons had become a producer and creative consultant. Under his watch, "M*A*S*H" retained its comedic foundation, but gradually assumed a somewhat more serious tone, openly addressing political issues. As a result, the 11 years of "M*A*S*H" are generally split into two eras: the Larry Gelbart/Gene Reynolds "comedy" years (1972–1979), and the Alan Alda "dramatic" years (1979–1983).
For the first three seasons, Alda and his co-stars Wayne Rogers and McLean Stevenson worked well together, but later, tensions increased, particularly as Alda's role grew in popularity. They both left the show at the end of the third season. At the beginning of the fourth season, Alda and the producers decided to find a replacement actor to play the surrogate parent role formerly taken by Colonel Blake. They eventually found veteran actor and fan of the series, Harry Morgan, who would star as Colonel Sherman T. Potter, who became a protagonist of the show, behind him. Mike Farrell was also introduced as Alda's co-star BJ Hunnicutt.
In his 1981 autobiography, Jackie Cooper (who directed several early episodes) wrote that Alda concealed a lot of hostility beneath the surface, and that the two of them barely spoke to each other by the time Cooper’s directing of "M*A*S*H" ended.
During his "M*A*S*H" years, Alda made several game-show appearances, most notably in "The $10,000 Pyramid" and as a frequent panelist on "What's My Line?" and "To Tell the Truth".
His favorite episodes of "M*A*S*H" are "Dear Sigmund" and "In Love and War".
In 1996, Alda was ranked #41 on "TV Guide'"s "50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time".
Writing and Directing Credits.
The following is a list of "M*A*S*H" episodes written and/or directed by Alda.
Post-"M*A*S*H".
Alda's prominence in the enormously successful "M*A*S*H" gave him a platform to speak out on political topics, and he has been a strong and vocal supporter of women's rights and the feminist movement. He co-chaired, with former First Lady Betty Ford, the Equal Rights Amendment Countdown campaign. In 1976, "The Boston Globe" dubbed him "the quintessential Honorary Woman: a feminist icon" for his activism on behalf of the Equal Rights Amendment. As a liberal and often progressive activist, he has been a target for some political and social conservatives.
Alda played Nobel Prize-winning physicist Richard Feynman in the play "QED", which had only one other character. Although Peter Parnell wrote the play, Alda both produced and inspired it. Alda has also appeared frequently in the films of Woody Allen, and was a guest star five times on "ER", playing Dr. Kerry Weaver's mentor, Gabriel Lawrence. During the later episodes, it was revealed that Dr. Lawrence was suffering from the early stages of Alzheimer's disease. Alda also had a co-starring role as Dr. Robert Gallo in the 1993 TV movie "And the Band Played On".
During "M*A*S*H"'s run and continuing through the 1980s, Alda embarked on a successful career as a writer and director, with the ensemble dramedy "The Four Seasons" being perhaps his most notable hit. "Betsy's Wedding" is his last directing credit to date. After "M*A*S*H", Alda took on a series of roles that either parodied or directly contradicted his "nice guy" image. His role as a pompous celebrity television producer in "Crimes and Misdemeanors" was widely seen as a self-parody, although Alda has denied this.
Later work.
In 1993, he co-starred with Woody Allen (also the director), Diane Keaton, and Anjelica Huston in the comedy/mystery "Manhattan Murder Mystery". The four play a quartet of amateur crime solvers who become entangled in a murder plot possibly perpetrated by Keaton and Allen's neighbor. Alda's character is Ted, a playwright secretly in love with Keaton's character Carol, but who eventually falls for Huston's character Marcia.
From the fall season of 1993 until the show ended in 2005, Alda was the host for Scientific American Frontiers, which began on PBS in 1990.
In 1995, he starred as the President of the United States in Michael Moore's political satire/comedy film "Canadian Bacon". Around this time, rumors circulated that Alda was considering running for the United States Senate in New Jersey, but he denied this. In 1996, Alda played Henry Ford in "Camping With Henry and Tom", based on the book by Mark St. Germain and appeared in the comedy film "Flirting with Disaster".
Beginning in 2004, Alda was a regular cast member on the NBC program "The West Wing", portraying Republican U.S. Senator and presidential candidate Arnold Vinick, until the show's conclusion in May 2006. He made his premiere in the sixth season's eighth episode, "In The Room," and was added to the opening credits with the thirteenth episode, "King Corn." In August 2006, Alda won an Emmy for his portrayal of Arnold Vinick in the final season of "The West Wing". Alda had been a serious candidate, along with Sidney Poitier, for the role of President Josiah Bartlet before Martin Sheen was ultimately cast in the role.
In 2004, Alda portrayed conservative Maine Senator Owen Brewster in Martin Scorsese's Academy-Award winning film "The Aviator", in which he co-starred with Leonardo DiCaprio.
Throughout his career, Alda has received 31 Emmy Award nominations and two Tony Award nominations, and has won seven People's Choice Awards, six Golden Globe Awards, and three Directors Guild of America awards. However, it was not until 2005, after a long acting career, that Alda received his first Academy Award nomination, for his role in "The Aviator".
Alda also wrote several of the stories and poems that appeared in Marlo Thomas's television show "Free to Be... You and Me".
Alda starred in the original Broadway production of the play Art, which opened on March 1, 1998, at the Bernard B. Jacobs Theatre. The play won the Tony Award for best original play.
Alda also had a part in the 2000 romantic comedy "What Women Want", as the CEO of the advertising firm where the main characters worked.
In the spring of 2005, Alda starred as Shelly Levene in the Tony Award-winning Broadway revival of David Mamet's "Glengarry Glen Ross", for which he received a Tony Award nomination for Best Featured Actor in a Play. Throughout 2009 and 2010, he appeared in three episodes of "30 Rock" as Milton Greene, the biological father of Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin). In January 2010, Alda hosted "The Human Spark," a three-part series originally broadcast on PBS discussing the nature of human uniqueness and recent studies on the human brain.
In 2011, Alda was scheduled to guest star on "", portraying former police and naval officer John Winters, the father of the former main character . It is unknown whether he filmed his role before the series was redesigned and Rex Winters written off.
After the release of the movie "Tower Heist", Alda was devastated when on December 7, 2011, he lost his idol and decades-long friend Harry Morgan on "M*A*S*H". Upon Morgan's death, Alda released a statement: "We had just a wonderful time reminiscing. That was the last time I saw Harry."
Charitable work and other interests.
Alda has done extensive charity work. He helped narrate a 2005 St. Jude's Children's Hospital produced one-hour special TV show "Fighting for Life". He and his wife, Arlene, are also close friends of Marlo Thomas, who is very active in fund-raising for the hospital her father founded. The special featured Ben Bowen as one of six patients being treated for childhood cancer at Saint Jude. Alda and Marlo Thomas had also worked together in the early 70s on a critically acclaimed children's album entitled "Free to Be You and Me", which featured Alda, Thomas and a number of other well-known character actors. This project remains one of the earliest public signs of his support of women's rights.
In 2005, Alda published his first round of memoirs, "Never Have Your Dog Stuffed: and Other Things I've Learned". Among other stories, he recalls his intestines becoming strangulated while on location in La Serena, Chile for his PBS show "Scientific American Frontiers", during which he mildly surprised a young doctor with his understanding of medical procedures, which he had learned from "M*A*S*H". He also talks about his mother's battle with schizophrenia. The title comes from an incident in his childhood, when Alda was distraught about his dog dying and his well-meaning father had the animal stuffed. Alda was horrified by the results, and took from this that sometimes we have to accept things as they are, rather than desperately and fruitlessly trying to change them.
In 2006, Alda contributed his voice to a part in the audio book of Max Brooks' "World War Z". In this book, he voiced Arthur Sinclair Jr., the director of the United States Government's fictional "Department of Strategic Resources (DeStRes)".
His second memoir, "Things I Overheard While Talking to Myself", weaves together advice from public speeches he has given with personal recollections about his life and beliefs.
Alda also has an avid interest in cosmology, and participated in BBC coverage of the opening of the Large Hadron Collider, at CERN, Geneva, in September 2008.
After years of interviews, Alda helped inspire the creation of the Center for Communicating Science at Stony Brook University in 2009. He remains on the advisory board as of 2013.
Alda has been a feminist activist for many years. He co-chaired, with former First Lady Betty Ford, the Equal Rights Amendment Countdown campaign. In 1976, "The Boston Globe" dubbed him "the quintessential Honorary Woman: a feminist icon" for his activism on behalf of the Equal Rights Amendment.
Religious views.
In "Things I Overheard While Talking to Myself", Alda describes how as a teen he was raised as a Roman Catholic and eventually he realized he had begun thinking like an agnostic or atheist:
For a while in my teens, I was sure I had it. It was about getting to heaven. If heaven existed and lasted forever, then a mere lifetime spent scrupulously following orders was a small investment for an infinite payoff. One day, though, I realized I was no longer a believer, and realizing that, I couldn’t go back. Not that I lost the urge to pray. Occasionally, even after I stopped believing, I might send off a quick memo to the Master of the Universe, usually on a matter needing urgent attention, like Oh, God, don’t let us crash. These were automatic expulsions of words, brief SOS messages from the base of my brain. They were similar to the short prayers that were admired by the church in my Catholic boyhood, which they called “ejaculations.” I always liked the idea that you could shorten your time in purgatory with each ejaculation; what boy wouldn’t find that a comforting idea? But my effort to keep the plane in the air by talking to God didn’t mean I suddenly was overcome with belief, only that I was scared. Whether I’d wake up in heaven someday or not, whatever meaning I found would have to occur first on this end of eternity.
Speaking further on agnosticism, Alda goes on to say:I still don't like the word agnostic. It's too fancy. I'm simply not a believer. But, as simple as this notion is, it confuses some people. Someone wrote a "Wikipedia" entry about me, identifying me as an atheist because I'd said in a book I wrote that I wasn't a believer. I guess in a world uncomfortable with uncertainty, an unbeliever must be an atheist, and possibly an infidel. This gets us back to that most pressing of human questions: why do people worry so much about other people's holding beliefs other than their own? Alda made these comments in an interview for the 2008 question section of the Edge Foundation website.

</doc>
<doc id="18951617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951617" title="Francis Bennon Ducrue">
Francis Bennon Ducrue

Francis Bennon Ducrue was a missionary in Mexico, b. in Munich, Bavaria, of French parents, 10 June 1721; d. there 30 March 1779. He became a member of the Society of Jesus in 1738, and ten years later was sent to California, where he laboured zealously until the expulsion of the order in 1767. When that untoward event took place, Ducrue was the superior of all the California missions. He submitted uncomplainingly to the decree of expulsion and even cooperated with the royal commission in enforcing its provisions. The Jesuits withdrew, taking with them only their clothes and a few books; this was all the wealth they carried away from California after seventy years of work in its missions. Ducrue eventually returned to his native land. He wrote in Latin "A Journey from California through the district of Mexico to Europe in the year 1767" which was translated into German for the "Nachrichten von verschiedenen Ländern des spaniscvhen Amerika" of Christoph von Murr (vol.XII, p. 217-276), and was translated into French and published by Fr. Carayon in his "Documents Inédits" (Paris, 1876). Murr also gives some interesting specimens of the language of California, which were communicated to him by Ducrue.

</doc>
<doc id="18951618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951618" title="Hugh Baird (engineer)">
Hugh Baird (engineer)

Hugh Baird (10 September 1770 – 24 September 1827) was a Scottish civil engineer, who designed and built the Union Canal. Born at Westertown, Bothkennar, Stirlingshire, he was the son of Nicol Hugh Baird, surveyor to the Forth and Clyde Canal, and was the younger brother of engineer Charles Baird.
Nicol Baird died in 1807, and Hugh Baird succeeded him as surveyor to the canal. In 1810 he put forward designs for extending Grangemouth docks, although nothing was built. Baird was appointed resident engineer to the Forth and Clyde Canal in 1812, on a salary of £250 a year.
In 1813, Baird was commissioned to prepare a scheme for linking Edinburgh to the Forth and Clyde Canal, via an "arm", or branch canal, between Falkirk and Fountainbridge, Edinburgh. Alternative designs included schemes by John Rennie and Robert Stevenson, as well as earlier proposals by Ainslie and Whitworth (1797). Thomas Telford supported Baird's proposal in 1815, and an act of Parliament was passed two years later. Baird was appointed chief engineer to the new canal, which became the Union Canal, on a salary of £500 a year. The canal was begun in March 1818 and was opened in May 1822. Although the canal had only one flight of locks, at Falkirk (since replaced by the Falkirk Wheel), it was necessary to construct three substantial aqueducts; the Avon Aqueduct, the Almond Aqueduct and the Slateford Aqueduct. These were designed by Baird with Telford's advice, and are modelled on Telford's Chirk Aqueduct on the Ellesmere Canal. The canal also includes Scotland's only canal tunnel, at Falkirk, long.
Hugh Baird was also involved with the Crinan Canal in Argyll, and the Ulverston Canal in Cumbria. He died at Kelvinhead, and was buried at Kilsyth. Baird Road in Ratho, Edinburgh was named after Hugh Baird. His son, Nicol Hugh Baird (1796–1849), emigrated to Canada, where he worked on a number of canal projects.

</doc>
<doc id="18951619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951619" title="1957 Torneo Godó">
1957 Torneo Godó

The 1957 Torneo Godó was the fifth edition of the Torneo Godó annual tennis tournament played on clay courts in Barcelona, Spain and it took place from May 3–19, 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="18951625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951625" title="Mighty Wind">
Mighty Wind

Mighty Wind is an album that was released to celebrate gospel musician Andrae Crouch's 40th year of recording gospel music. Crouch was able to get many well-known gospel singers to guest star on the project including Marvin Winans ("All Because of Jesus"), Karen Clark-Sheard ("Jesus Is Lord"), Fred Hammond ("Oh Give Thanks") and Crystal Lewis ("We Give You Glory").
Awards.
In 2007, the album won a Dove Award for Traditional Gospel Album of the Year at the 38th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18951627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951627" title="Mini-ykkC RNA motif">
Mini-ykkC RNA motif

The mini-ykkC RNA motif is a putative RNA structure that is conserved in bacteria. The motif consists of two conserved stem-loops whose terminal loops contain the RNA sequence ACGR, where R represents either A or G. Mini-ykkC RNAs are widespread in Proteobacteria, but some are predicted in other phyla of bacteria. It is expected that the RNAs are cis-regulatory elements, because they are typically located upstream of protein-coding genes.
The genes that are apparently controlled by mini-ykkC RNAs bear a resemblance to the genes controlled by another putative cis-regulatory RNA element called the ykkC-yxkD leader, and nine gene families are common to both. Therefore, it was proposed that these two RNA classes have the same function. However, their mechanisms might be different. While the complex structure and many conserved nucleotides found in the ykkC-yxkD leader suggest that it might be a riboswitch, these features are not present in the mini-ykkC RNA motif.

</doc>
<doc id="18951633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951633" title="Cafehorn">
Cafehorn

The cafehorn is a musical instrument created by the classical musician Nicola Gomirato.
Created on July 2006 with the support of the Italian artisans G&P and patented by Nicola Gomirato it is a strange and unique instrument made of six caffettiera and a brass pipe. It can be played like any other brass instrument since it has at the end of the pipe a mouthpiece.
The cafehorn can produce warm and charming sounds. Its voice is brilliant like a trumpet and passionate like a French horn.
There is only one cafehorn in the world.
"This is a strange and funny instrument that enchanted hundreds of people when played" said a coffeeshop owner who displayed in his shop the cafehorn for 15 days in 2007.
Concerts.
The first concert for cafehorn and piano was performed In Grado Italy at the Grand Hotel Fonzari on September 2006. 
Several concerts for solo cafehorn, cafehorn and piano and cafehorn and brass ensamble solo have been made.
References.
[http://www.hotelfonzari.com]
[http://www.nicolagomirato.com]
www.cafehorn.com

</doc>
<doc id="18951643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951643" title="ConQuesT">
ConQuesT

ConQuesT is an annual science fiction convention held in the Kansas City, Missouri area; it is sponsored by the long-running (since 1971) Kansas City Science Fiction and Fantasy Society (KaCSFFS, pronounced "kax-fuss"). ConQuesT is the oldest such convention in Missouri and the surrounding central states region, having first been established under the name Mid-America Con in the summer of 1972. After that, the next ten KaCSFFS-sponsored conventions were called BYOB-Cons (the final "B" in the name having additional and alternate meanings beyond the obvious); in 1980 KaCSFFS adopted the permanent name ConQuesT for its annual convention. 
The convention is held to celebrate science fiction, fantasy, and horror "in all its various forms", but with a nod to the literary side of these related genres. Each year the convention's programming is built around a different theme; it is usually held over the U. S. Memorial Day weekend at the end of May.

</doc>
<doc id="18951645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951645" title="Revolutions (disambiguation)">
Revolutions (disambiguation)

Revolutions are fundamental changes in power that take place in relatively short periods of time.
Revolutions may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18951649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951649" title="Hos Martin">
Hos Martin

Hos Martin (At Martin's) is a Norwegian situation comedy that premiered on TV2 on January 6, 2004.
Plot.
Martin (played by Sven Nordin), is an ordinary, uncomplicated man who runs his own café. He is married to Elisabeth (played by Henriette Lien), a determined and conservative woman who always has to have the last word. The other main character of the show is Lars; a theatre actor who makes regular appearances in the café.

</doc>
<doc id="18951655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951655" title="Archaeology">
Archaeology

Archaeology, or archeology, is the study of human activity in the past, primarily through the recovery and analysis of the material culture and environmental data that they have left behind, which includes artifacts, architecture, biofacts (also known as eco-facts) and cultural landscapes (the archaeological record). Because archaeology employs a wide range of different procedures, it can be considered to be both a science and a humanity, and in the United States it is thought of as a branch of anthropology, although in Europe it is viewed as a separate discipline.
Archaeology studies human prehistory and history from the development of the first stone tools in eastern Africa 4 million years ago up until recent decades. (Archaeology does not include the discipline of paleontology.) It is of most importance for learning about prehistoric societies, when there are no written records for historians to study, making up over 99% of total human history, from the Paleolithic until the advent of literacy in any given society. Archaeology has various goals, which range from studying human evolution to cultural evolution and understanding culture history.
The discipline involves surveying, excavation and eventually analysis of data collected to learn more about the past. In broad scope, archaeology relies on cross-disciplinary research. It draws upon anthropology, history, art history, classics, ethnology, geography, geology, linguistics, semiology, physics, information sciences, chemistry, statistics, paleoecology, paleontology, paleozoology, paleoethnobotany, and paleobotany.
Archaeology developed out of antiquarianism in Europe during the 19th century, and has since become a discipline practiced across the world. Since its early development, various specific sub-disciplines of archaeology have developed, including maritime archaeology, feminist archaeology and archaeoastronomy, and numerous different scientific techniques have been developed to aid archaeological investigation. Nonetheless, today, archaeologists face many problems, such as dealing with pseudoarchaeology, the looting of artifacts, a lack of public interest, and opposition to the excavation of human remains.
History.
Antiquarians.
The science of archaeology (from Greek , "archaiologia" from , "arkhaios", "ancient" and , "-logia", "-logy") grew out of the older multi-disciplinary study known as antiquarianism. Antiquarians studied history with particular attention to ancient artefacts and manuscripts, as well as historical sites. Antiquarianism focused on the empirical evidence that existed for the understanding of the past, encapsulated in the motto of the 18th-century antiquary, Sir Richard Colt Hoare, "We speak from facts not theory". Tentative steps towards the systematization of archaeology as a science took place during the Enlightenment era in Europe in the 17th and 18th centuries.
In Europe, interest in the remains of Greco-Roman civilisation and the rediscovery of classical culture began in the late Middle Age. Flavio Biondo an Italian Renaissance humanist historian created a systematic guide to the ruins and topography of ancient Rome in the early 15th century for which he has been called an early founder of archaeology. Antiquarians, including John Leland and William Camden, conducted surveys of the English countryside, drawing, describing and interpreting the monuments that they encountered.
First excavations.
One of the first sites to undergo archeological excavation, was Stonehenge and other megalithic monuments in England. John Aubrey was a pioneer archaeologist who recorded numerous megalithic and other field monuments in southern England. He was also ahead of his time in the analysis of his findings. He attempted to chart the chronological stylistic evolution of handwriting, medieval architecture, costume, and shield-shapes.
Excavations were also carried out in the ancient towns of Pompeii and Herculaneum, both of which had been covered by ashes during the Eruption of Mount Vesuvius in AD 79. These excavations began in 1748 in Pompeii, while in Herculaneum they began in 1738. The discovery of entire towns, complete with utensils and even human shapes, as well the unearthing of ancient frescos, had a big impact throughout Europe.
However, prior to the development of modern techniques, excavations tended to be haphazard; the importance of concepts such as stratification and context were completely overlooked.
Development of archaeological method.
The father of archaeological excavation was William Cunnington (1754–1810). He undertook excavations in Wiltshire from around 1798, funded by Sir Richard Colt Hoare. Cunnington made meticulous recordings of neolithic and Bronze Age barrows, and the terms he used to categorise and describe them are still used by archaeologists today.
One of the major achievements of 19th century archaeology was the development of stratigraphy. The idea of overlapping strata tracing back to successive periods was borrowed from the new geological and palaeontological work of scholars like William Smith, James Hutton and Charles Lyell. The application of stratigraphy to archaeology first took place with the excavations of prehistorical and Bronze Age sites. In the third and fourth decade of the 19th century, archaeologists like Jacques Boucher de Perthes and Christian Jürgensen Thomsen began to put the artifacts they had found in chronological order.
A major figure in the development of archaeology into a rigorous science was the army officer and ethnologist, Augustus Pitt Rivers, who began excavations on his land in England in the 1880s. His approach was highly methodical by the standards of the time, and he is widely regarded as the first scientific archaeologist. He arranged his artefacts typologically and (within types) chronologically. This style of arrangement, designed to highlight the evolutionary trends in human artefacts, was of enormous significance for the accurate dating of the objects. His most important methodological innovation was his insistence that "all" artefacts, not just beautiful or unique ones, be collected and catalogued.
William Flinders Petrie is another man who may legitimately be called the Father of Archaeology. Petrie was the first to scientifically investigate the Great Pyramid in Egypt during the 1880s. His painstaking recording and study of artefacts, both in Egypt and later in Palestine, laid down many of the ideas behind modern archaeological recording; he remarked that "I believe the true line of research lies in the noting and comparison of the smallest details." Petrie developed the system of dating layers based on pottery and ceramic findings, which revolutionized the chronological basis of Egyptology. He was also responsible for mentoring and training a whole generation of Egyptologists, including Howard Carter who went on to achieve fame with the discovery of the tomb of 14th-century BC pharaoh Tutankhamun.
The first stratigraphic excavation to reach wide popularity with public was that of Hissarlik, on the site of ancient Troy, carried out by Heinrich Schliemann, Frank Calvert, Wilhelm Dörpfeld and Carl Blegen in the 1870s. These scholars individuated nine different cities that had overlapped with one another, from prehistory to the Hellenistic period. Meanwhile, the work of Sir Arthur Evans at Knossos in Crete revealed the ancient existence of an advanced civilisation.
The next major figure in the development of archaeology was Sir Mortimer Wheeler, whose highly disciplined approach to excavation and systematic coverage in the 1920s and 1930s brought the science on swiftly. Wheeler developed the grid system of excavation, which was further improved by his student Kathleen Kenyon.
Archaeology became a professional activity in the first half of the 20th century, and it became possible to study archaeology as a subject in universities and even schools. By the end of the 20th century nearly all professional archaeologists, at least in developed countries, were graduates. Further adaptation and innovation in archaeology continued in this period, when maritime archaeology and urban archaeology became more prevalent and rescue archaeology was developed as a result of increasing commercial development.
Purpose.
The purpose of archaeology is to learn more about past societies and the development of the human race. Over 99% of the history of humanity has occurred within prehistoric cultures, who did not make use of writing, thereby not leaving written records about themselves that we can study today. Without such written sources, the only way to learn about prehistoric societies is to use archaeology. Many important developments in human history occurred during prehistory, including the evolution of humanity during the Paleolithic period, when the hominins developed from the australopithecines through to the early members of the genus "Homo" in Africa and finally into modern "Homo sapiens". Archaeology also sheds light on many of humanity's technological advances, for instance the ability to use fire, the development of stone tools, the discovery of metallurgy, the beginnings of religion and the creation of agriculture. Without archaeology, we would know little or nothing about the use of material culture by humanity that pre-dates writing.
However, it is not only prehistoric, pre-literate cultures that can be studied using archaeology but historic, literate cultures as well, through the sub-discipline of historical archaeology. For many literate cultures, such as Ancient Greece and Mesopotamia, their surviving records are often incomplete and biased to some extent. In many societies, literacy was restricted to the elite classes, such as the clergy or the bureaucracy of court or temple. The literacy even of aristocrats has sometimes been restricted to deeds and contracts. The interests and world-view of elites are often quite different from the lives and interests of the populace. Writings that were produced by people more representative of the general population were unlikely to find their way into libraries and be preserved there for posterity. Thus, written records tend to reflect the biases, assumptions, cultural values and possibly deceptions of a limited range of individuals, usually a small fraction of the larger population. Hence, written records cannot be trusted as a sole source. The material record may be closer to a fair representation of society, though it is subject to its own biases, such as sampling bias and differential preservation.
Theory.
There is no one singular approach to archaeological theory that has been adhered to by all archaeologists. When archaeology developed in the late 19th century, the first approach to archaeological theory to be practiced was that of cultural-history archaeology, which held the goal of explaining why cultures changed and adapted rather than just highlighting the fact that they did, therefore emphasizing historical particularism. In the early 20th century, many archaeologists who studied past societies with direct continuing links to existing ones (such as those of Native Americans, Siberians, Mesoamericans etc.) followed the direct historical approach, compared the continuity between the past and contemporary ethnic and cultural groups. In the 1960s, an archaeological movement largely led by American archaeologists like Lewis Binford and Kent Flannery arose that rebelled against the established cultural-history archaeology. They proposed a "New Archaeology", which would be more "scientific" and "anthropological", with hypothesis testing and the scientific method very important parts of what became known as processual archaeology.
In the 1980s, a new postmodern movement arose led by the British archaeologists Michael Shanks, Christopher Tilley, Daniel Miller, and Ian Hodder, which has become known as post-processual archaeology. It questioned processualism's appeals to scientific positivism and impartiality, and emphasized the importance of a more self-critical theoretical reflexivity. However, this approach has been criticized by processualists as lacking scientific rigor, and the validity of both processualism and post-processualism is still under debate. Meanwhile, another theory, known as historical processualism has emerged seeking to incorporate a focus on process and post-processual archaeology's emphasis of reflexivity and history.
Archaeological theory now borrows from a wide range of influences, including neo-Darwinian evolutionary thought, phenomenology, postmodernism, agency theory, cognitive science, Structural functionalism, gender-based and Feminist archaeology, and Systems theory.
Methods.
An archaeological investigation usually involves several distinct phases, each of which employs its own variety of methods. Before any practical work can begin, however, a clear objective as to what the archaeologists are looking to achieve must be agreed upon. This done, a site is surveyed to find out as much as possible about it and the surrounding area. Second, an excavation may take place to uncover any archaeological features buried under the ground. And, third, the data collected from the excavation is studied and evaluated in an attempt to achieve the original research objectives of the archaeologists. It is then considered good practice for the information to be published so that it is available to other archaeologists and historians, although this is sometimes neglected.
Remote sensing.
Before actually starting to dig in a location, satellite imagery can be used to look where sites are located within a large area.
Field survey.
The archaeological project then continues (or alternatively, begins) with a field survey. Regional survey is the attempt to systematically locate previously unknown sites in a region. Site survey is the attempt to systematically locate features of interest, such as houses and middens, within a site. Each of these two goals may be accomplished with largely the same methods.
Survey was not widely practiced in the early days of archaeology. Cultural historians and prior researchers were usually content with discovering the locations of monumental sites from the local populace, and excavating only the plainly visible features there. Gordon Willey pioneered the technique of regional settlement pattern survey in 1949 in the Viru Valley of coastal Peru, and survey of all levels became prominent with the rise of processual archaeology some years later.
Survey work has many benefits if performed as a preliminary exercise to, or even in place of, excavation. It requires relatively little time and expense, because it does not require processing large volumes of soil to search out artifacts. (Nevertheless, surveying a large region or site can be expensive, so archaeologists often employ sampling methods.) As with other forms of non-destructive archaeology, survey avoids ethical issues (of particular concern to descendant peoples) associated with destroying a site through excavation. It is the only way to gather some forms of information, such as settlement patterns and settlement structure. Survey data are commonly assembled into maps, which may show surface features and/or artifact distribution.
The simplest survey technique is surface survey. It involves combing an area, usually on foot but sometimes with the use of mechanized transport, to search for features or artifacts visible on the surface. Surface survey cannot detect sites or features that are completely buried under earth, or overgrown with vegetation. Surface survey may also include mini-excavation techniques such as augers, corers, and shovel test pits. If no materials are found, the area surveyed is deemed sterile.
Aerial survey is conducted using cameras attached to airplanes, balloons, or even Kites. A bird's-eye view is useful for quick mapping of large or complex sites. Aerial photographs are used to document the status of the archaeological dig. Aerial imaging can also detect many things not visible from the surface. Plants growing above a buried man made structure, such as a stone wall, will develop more slowly, while those above other types of features (such as middens) may develop more rapidly. Photographs of ripening grain, which changes colour rapidly at maturation, have revealed buried structures with great precision. Aerial photographs taken at different times of day will help show the outlines of structures by changes in shadows. Aerial survey also employs ultraviolet, infrared, ground-penetrating radar wavelengths, LiDAR and thermography.
Geophysical survey can be the most effective way to see beneath the ground. Magnetometers detect minute deviations in the Earth's magnetic field caused by iron artifacts, kilns, some types of stone structures, and even ditches and middens. Devices that measure the electrical resistivity of the soil are also widely used. Archaeological features whose electrical resistivity contrasts with that of surrounding soils can be detected and mapped. Some archaeological features (such as those composed of stone or brick) have higher resistivity than typical soils, while others (such as organic deposits or unfired clay) tend to have lower resistivity.
Although some archaeologists consider the use of metal detectors to be tantamount to treasure hunting, others deem them an effective tool in archaeological surveying. Examples of formal archaeological use of metal detectors include musketball distribution analysis on English Civil War battlefields, metal distribution analysis prior to excavation of a 19th-century ship wreck, and service cable location during evaluation. Metal detectorists have also contributed to archaeology where they have made detailed records of their results and refrained from raising artifacts from their archaeological context. In the UK, metal detectorists have been solicited for involvement in the Portable Antiquities Scheme.
Regional survey in underwater archaeology uses geophysical or remote sensing devices such as marine magnetometer, side-scan sonar, or sub-bottom sonar.
Excavation.
Archaeological excavation existed even when the field was still the domain of amateurs, and it remains the source of the majority of data recovered in most field projects. It can reveal several types of information usually not accessible to survey, such as stratigraphy, three-dimensional structure, and verifiably primary context.
Modern excavation techniques require that the precise locations of objects and features, known as their provenance or provenience, be recorded. This always involves determining their horizontal locations, and sometimes vertical position as well (also see Primary Laws of Archaeology). Likewise, their association, or relationship with nearby objects and features, needs to be recorded for later analysis. This allows the archaeologist to deduce which artifacts and features were likely used together and which may be from different phases of activity. For example, excavation of a site reveals its stratigraphy; if a site was occupied by a succession of distinct cultures, artifacts from more recent cultures will lie above those from more ancient cultures.
Excavation is the most expensive phase of archaeological research, in relative terms. Also, as a destructive process, it carries ethical concerns. As a result, very few sites are excavated in their entirety. Again the percentage of a site excavated depends greatly on the country and "method statement" issued. In places 90% excavation is common. Sampling is even more important in excavation than in survey. It is common for large mechanical equipment, such as backhoes (JCBs), to be used in excavation, especially to remove the topsoil (overburden), though this method is increasingly used with great caution. Following this rather dramatic step, the exposed area is usually hand-cleaned with trowels or hoes to ensure that all features are apparent.
The next task is to form a site plan and then use it to help decide the method of excavation. Features dug into the natural subsoil are normally excavated in portions to produce a visible archaeological section for recording. A feature, for example a pit or a ditch, consists of two parts: the cut and the fill. The cut describes the edge of the feature, where the feature meets the natural soil. It is the feature's boundary. The fill is what the feature is filled with, and will often appear quite distinct from the natural soil. The cut and fill are given consecutive numbers for recording purposes. Scaled plans and sections of individual features are all drawn on site, black and white and colour photographs of them are taken, and recording sheets are filled in describing the context of each. All this information serves as a permanent record of the now-destroyed archaeology and is used in describing and interpreting the site.
Analysis.
Once artifacts and structures have been excavated, or collected from surface surveys, it is necessary to properly study them, to gain as much data as possible. This process is known as post-excavation analysis, and is usually the most time-consuming part of the archaeological investigation. It is not uncommon for the final excavation reports on major sites to take years to be published.
At its most basic, the artifacts found are cleaned, cataloged and compared to published collections, to classify them typologically and to identify other sites with similar artifact assemblages. However, a much more comprehensive range of analytical techniques are available through archaeological science, meaning that artifacts can be dated and their compositions examined. The bones, plants and pollen collected from a site can all be analyzed (using the techniques of zooarchaeology, paleoethnobotany, and palynology), while any texts can usually be deciphered.
These techniques frequently provide information that would not otherwise be known and therefore contribute greatly to the understanding of a site.
Virtual archaeology.
Some time around 1995 archaeologists started using computer graphics to build virtual 3D models of sites such as the throne room of an ancient Assyrian palace or ancient Rome. This is done by collecting normal photographs and using computer graphics to build the virtual 3D model. In more general terms, computers can be used to recreate the environment and conditions of the past, such as objects, buildings, landscapes and even ancient battles. Computer simulation can be used to simulate the living conditions of an ancient community and to see how it would have reacted to various scenarios (such as how much food to grow, how many animals to slaughter, etc.) Computer-built topographical models have been combined with astronomical calculations to verify whether or not certain structures (such as pillars) were aligned with astronomical events such as the sun's position at a solstice.
Academic sub-disciplines.
As with most academic disciplines, there are a very large number of archaeological sub-disciplines characterised by a specific method or type of material (e.g., lithic analysis, music, archaeobotany), geographical or chronological focus (e.g. Near Eastern archaeology, Islamic archaeology, Medieval archaeology), other thematic concern (e.g. maritime archaeology, landscape archaeology, battlefield archaeology), or a specific archaeological culture or civilization (e.g. Egyptology, Indology, Sinology).
Historical archaeology.
Historical archaeology is the study of cultures with some form of writing.
In England, archaeologists have uncovered the long-lost layouts of medieval villages abandoned after the crises of the 14th century and the equally lost layouts of 17th century parterre gardens swept away by a change in fashion. In downtown New York City archaeologists have exhumed the 18th century remains of the African burial ground.
Ethnoarchaeology.
Ethnoarchaeology is the archaeological study of living people. The approach gained notoriety during the emphasis on middle range theory that was a feature of the processual movement of the 1960s.
Early ethnoarchaeological research focused on hunting and gathering or foraging societies. Ethnoarchaeology continues to be a vibrant component of post-processual and other current archaeological approaches.
Ethnoarchaeology is the use of ethnography to increase and improve analogs, which are then used as analogies to interpret the archaeological record. In short, ethnoarchaeology is the application of ethnography to archaeology.
Experimental archaeology.
Experimental archaeology represents the application of the experimental method to develop more highly controlled observations of processes that create and impact the archaeological record. In the context of the logical positivism of processualism with its goals of improving the scientific rigor of archaeological epistemologies the experimental method gained importance. Experimental techniques remain a crucial component to improving the inferential frameworks for interpreting the archaeological record.
Archaeometry.
Archaeometry is a field of study that aims to systematize archaeological measurement. It emphasizes the application of analytical techniques from physics, chemistry, and engineering. It is a field of research that frequently focuses on the definition of the chemical composition of archaeological remains for source analysis. Archaeometry also investigates different spatial characteristics of features, employing methods such as space syntax techniques and geodesy as well as computer-based tools such as geographic information system technology. Rare earth elements patterns may also be used. A relatively nascent subfield is that of archaeological materials, designed to enhance understanding of prehistoric and non-industrial culture through scientific analysis of the structure and properties of materials associated with human activity.
Cultural resources management.
While archaeology can be done as a pure science, it can also be an applied science, namely the study of archaeological sites that are threatened by development. In such cases, archaeology is a subsidiary activity within Cultural resources management (CRM), also called heritage management in the United Kingdom. Today, CRM accounts for most of the archaeological research done in the United States and much of that in western Europe as well. In the US, CRM archaeology has been a growing concern since the passage of the National Historic Preservation Act (NHPA) of 1966, and most taxpayers, scholars, and politicians believe that CRM has helped preserve much of that nation's history and prehistory that would have otherwise been lost in the expansion of cities, dams, and highways. Along with other statutes, the NHPA mandates that projects on federal land or involving federal funds or permits consider the effects of the project on each archaeological site.
The application of CRM in the United Kingdom is not limited to government-funded projects. Since 1990 PPG 16 has required planners to consider archaeology as a material consideration in determining applications for new development. As a result, numerous archaeological organisations undertake mitigation work in advance of (or during) construction work in archaeologically sensitive areas, at the developer's expense.
In England, ultimate responsibility of care for the historic environment rests with the Department for Culture, Media and Sport in association with English Heritage. In Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, the same responsibilities lie with Historic Scotland, Cadw and the Northern Ireland Environment Agency respectively.
Among the goals of CRM are the identification, preservation, and maintenance of cultural sites on public and private lands, and the removal of culturally valuable materials from areas where they would otherwise be destroyed by human activity, such as proposed construction. This study involves at least a cursory examination to determine whether or not any significant archaeological sites are present in the area affected by the proposed construction. If these do exist, time and money must be allotted for their excavation. If initial survey and/or test excavation indicates the presence of an extraordinarily valuable site, the construction may be prohibited entirely. CRM is a thriving entity, especially in the United States and Europe where archaeologists from private companies and all levels of government engage in the practice of their discipline.
Cultural resources management has, however, been criticized. CRM is conducted by private companies that bid for projects by submitting proposals outlining the work to be done and an expected budget. It is not unheard-of for the agency responsible for the construction to simply choose the proposal that asks for the least funding. CRM archaeologists face considerable time pressure, often being forced to complete their work in a fraction of the time that might be allotted for a purely scholarly endeavor. Compounding the time pressure is the vetting process of site reports that are required (in the US) to be submitted by CRM firms to the appropriate State Historic Preservation Office (SHPO). From the SHPO's perspective there is to be no difference between a report submitted by a CRM firm operating under a deadline, and a multi-year academic project. The end result is that for a Cultural Resource Management archaeologist to be successful, they must be able to produce academic quality documents at a corporate world pace.
The annual ratio of open academic archaeology positions (inclusive of Post-Doc, temporary, and non tenure track appointments) to the annual number of archaeology MA/MSc and PhD students is grossly disproportionate. This dearth of academic positions causes a predictable excess of well educated individuals who join the ranks of the following year's crop of non-academically employed archaeologists. Cultural Resource Management, once considered an intellectual backwater for individuals with "strong backs and weak minds" has reaped the benefit of this massive pool of well educated professionals. This results in CRM offices increasingly staffed by advance degreed individuals with a track record of producing scholarly articles but who have the notches on their trowels to show they have been in the trenches as a shovelbum.
Popular views of archaeology.
Early archaeology was largely an attempt to uncover spectacular artifacts and features, or to explore vast and mysterious abandoned cities. Early archaeology was mostly done by upper class, scholarly men. This generalization laid the foundation for the modern popular view of archaeology and archaeologists. This generalization had been with our culture for a long time, before silent movies in popular fiction novels. Another popular thought that dates back to this era is that archaeology is monetarily lucrative. A large majority of the general public is under the impression that excavations are undertaken for money and not historical data. It is easy for the general public to hold this notion for that is what is presented to them through general media, and has been for many decades.
The majority of the public view archaeology as being something only available to a narrow demographic. The job of archaeologist is depicted as a “romantic adventurist occupation”. To generalize, the public views archaeology as a fantasized hobby more than a job in the scientific community. Perpetuating the stereotype in modern cinema does nothing to help the scientific community. The audience may not take away scientific methods from popular cinema but they do form a notion of “who archaeologists are, why they do what they do, and how relationships to the past are constituted.” Major motion picture companies are more worried about the marketability of the film and the general dramatic interest of the public.
Almost all popular portrayals of archaeologists fall into a few categories. Mcgeough labels them as “British thinkers, American fighters, and repressed librarians.” These labels mostly pertain to male archaeologists. Female archaeologists fall into the categories of “privileged women” with a love of adventure who are overly sexualized and “junior scholars” who are like the repressed librarians but are sexualized when their glasses come off and their hair is let down.
The modern depiction is sensationalized so much that it has incorrectly formed the public’s perception of what archaeology is. The public is often under the impression that all archaeology takes place in a distant and foreign land, only to collect monetarily or spiritually priceless artifacts. Many times these artifacts are pursued for power and/or wealth. Alfred Hitchcock referred to such items in his films as the “MacGuffin: an object of pursuit, protected, and rescue by both hero and villain."
Such pursuits continue to fascinate the public. Books, films, and video games, such as "Indiana Jones", "King Solomon's Mines", "The City of Brass", "Relic Hunter", "The Mummy", "Stargate", and "Tomb Raider" all testify to the public's interest in the discovery aspect of archaeology.
Much thorough and productive research has indeed been conducted in dramatic locales such as Copán and the Valley of the Kings, but the bulk of activities and finds of modern archaeology are not so sensational. Archaeological adventure stories tend to ignore the painstaking work involved in carrying out modern surveys, excavations, and data processing. Some archaeologists refer to such off-the-mark portrayals as "pseudoarchaeology".
Archaeology has been portrayed in the mainstream media in sensational ways. This has its advantages and disadvantages. Many practitioners point to the childhood excitement of Indiana Jones films as their inspiration to enter the field. Archaeologists are also very much reliant on public support, the question of exactly who they are doing their work for is often discussed.
Current issues and controversy.
Public archaeology.
Motivated by a desire to halt looting, curb pseudoarchaeology, and to help preserve archaeological sites through education and fostering public appreciation for the importance of archaeological heritage, archaeologists are mounting public-outreach campaigns. They seek to stop looting by combatting people who illegally take artifacts from protected sites, and by alerting people who live near archaeological sites of the threat of looting. Common methods of public outreach include press releases, and the encouragement of school field trips to sites under excavation by professional archaeologists. Public appreciation of the significance of archaeology and archaeological sites often leads to improved protection from encroaching development or other threats.
One audience for archaeologists' work is the public. They increasingly realize that their work can benefit non-academic and non-archaeological audiences, and that they have a responsibility to educate and inform the public about archaeology. Local heritage awareness is aimed at increasing civic and individual pride through projects such as community excavation projects, and better public presentations of archaeological sites and knowledge. The U.S.Dept. of Agriculture, Forest Service(USFS) operates a volunteer archaeology and historic preservation program called the Passport in Time (PIT). Volunteers work with professional USFS archaeologists and historians on national forests throughout the U.S. Volunteers are involved in all aspects of professional archaeology under expert supervision.
In the UK, popular archaeology programs such as "Time Team" and "Meet the Ancestors" have resulted in a huge upsurge in public interest. Where possible, archaeologists now make more provisions for public involvement and outreach in larger projects than they once did, and many local archaeological organizations operate within the Community archaeology framework to expand public involvement in smaller-scale, more local projects. Archaeological excavation, however, is best undertaken by well-trained staff that can work quickly and accurately. Often this requires observing the necessary health and safety and indemnity insurance issues involved in working on a modern building site with tight deadlines. Certain charities and local government bodies sometimes offer places on research projects either as part of academic work or as a defined community project. There is also a flourishing industry selling places on commercial training excavations and archaeological holiday tours.
Archaeologists prize local knowledge and often liaise with local historical and archaeological societies, which is one reason why Community archaeology projects are starting to become more common. Often archaeologists are assisted by the public in the locating of archaeological sites, which professional archaeologists have neither the funding, nor the time to do.
The Archaeological Legacy Institute (ALI), self-described as "an independent, nonprofit, tax-exempt (501is a research and education corporation registered in Oregon in 1999. The ALI founded an online [http://archaeologychannel.org/ Archaeology Channel to support the organization's mission "to develop ways to make archaeology more effective both in gathering important information about past human lifeways and in delivering that information to the public and the profession."
Pseudoarchaeology.
Pseudoarchaeology is an umbrella term for all activities that claim to be archaeological but in fact violate commonly accepted and scientific archaeological practices. It includes much fictional archaeological work (discussed above), as well as some actual activity. Many non-fiction authors have ignored the scientific methods of processual archaeology, or the specific critiques of it contained in post-processualism.
An example of this type is the writing of Erich von Däniken. His 1968 book, "Chariots of the Gods?", together with many subsequent lesser-known works, expounds a theory of ancient contacts between human civilisation on Earth and more technologically advanced extraterrestrial civilisations. This theory, known as palaeocontact theory, or Ancient astronaut theory, is not exclusively Däniken's, nor did the idea originate with him. Works of this nature are usually marked by the renunciation of well-established theories on the basis of limited evidence and the interpretation of evidence with a preconceived theory in mind.
Looting.
Looting of archaeological sites is an ancient problem. For instance, many of the tombs of the Egyptian pharaohs were looted during antiquity. Archaeology stimulates interest in ancient objects, and people in search of artifacts or treasure cause damage to archaeological sites. The commercial and academic demand for artifacts unfortunately contributes directly to the illicit antiquities trade. Smuggling of antiquities abroad to private collectors has caused great cultural and economic damage in many countries whose governments lack the resources and or the will to deter it. Looters damage and destroy archaeological sites, denying future generations information about their ethnic and cultural heritage. Indigenous peoples especially lose access to and control over their 'cultural resources', ultimately denying them the opportunity to know their past.
In 1937 W. F. Hodge the Director of the Southwest Museum in Los Angeles CA, released a statement that the museum would no longer purchase or accept collections from looted contexts. The first conviction of the transport of artifacts illegally removed from private property under the Archaeological Resources Protection Act (ARPA; Public Law 96-95; 93 Statute 721; ) was in 1992 in the State of Indiana.
Descendant peoples.
In the United States, examples such as the case of Kennewick Man have illustrated the tensions between Native Americans and archaeologists, which can be summarized as a conflict between a need to remain respectful toward sacred burial sites and the academic benefit from studying them. For years, American archaeologists dug on Indian burial grounds and other places considered sacred, removing artifacts and human remains to storage facilities for further study. In some cases human remains were not even thoroughly studied but instead archived rather than reburied. Furthermore, Western archaeologists' views of the past often differ from those of tribal peoples. The West views time as linear; for many natives, it is cyclic. From a Western perspective, the past is long-gone; from a native perspective, disturbing the past can have dire consequences in the present.
As a consequence of this, American Indians attempted to prevent archaeological excavation of sites inhabited by their ancestors, while American archaeologists believed that the advancement of scientific knowledge was a valid reason to continue their studies. This contradictory situation was addressed by the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA, 1990), which sought to reach a compromise by limiting the right of research institutions to possess human remains. Due in part to the spirit of postprocessualism, some archaeologists have begun to actively enlist the assistance of indigenous peoples likely to be descended from those under study.
Archaeologists have also been obliged to re-examine what constitutes an archaeological site in view of what native peoples believe to constitute sacred space. To many native peoples, natural features such as lakes, mountains or even individual trees have cultural significance. Australian archaeologists especially have explored this issue and attempted to survey these sites to give them some protection from being developed. Such work requires close links and trust between archaeologists and the people they are trying to help and at the same time study.
While this cooperation presents a new set of challenges and hurdles to fieldwork, it has benefits for all parties involved. Tribal elders cooperating with archaeologists can prevent the excavation of areas of sites that they consider sacred, while the archaeologists gain the elders' aid in interpreting their finds. There have also been active efforts to recruit aboriginal peoples directly into the archaeological profession.
Repatriation.
A new trend in the heated controversy between First Nations groups and scientists is the repatriation of native artifacts to the original descendants. An example of this occurred June 21, 2005, when community members and elders from a number of the 10 Algonquian nations in the Ottawa area convened on the Kitigan Zibi reservation near Maniwaki, Quebec, to inter ancestral human remains and burial goods — some dating back 6,000 years. It was not determined, however, if the remains were directly related to the Algonquin people who now inhabit the region. The remains may be of Iroquoian ancestry, since Iroquoian people inhabited the area before the Algonquin. Moreover, the oldest of these remains might have no relation at all to the Algonquin or Iroquois, and belong to an earlier culture who previously inhabited the area.
The remains and artifacts, including jewelry, tools and weapons, were originally excavated from various sites in the Ottawa Valley, including Morrison and the Allumette Islands. They had been part of the Canadian Museum of Civilization's research collection for decades, some since the late 19th century. Elders from various Algonquin communities conferred on an appropriate reburial, eventually deciding on traditional redcedar and birchbark boxes lined with redcedar chips, muskrat and beaver pelts.
Now, an inconspicuous rock mound marks the reburial site where close to 80 boxes of various sizes are buried, no further scientific study is possible. Although negotiations were at times tense between the Kitigan Zibi community and museum, they were able to reach agreement.
Kennewick Man is another repatriation candidate that has been the source of heated debate.

</doc>
<doc id="18951658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951658" title="Joseph A Swanson">
Joseph A Swanson

Joseph A. Swanson is Clinical Professor of Finance at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management—where he was Professor of Finance from 1975 through 1986, and Adjunct Professor of Finance, 1988-2007. Since 2007 he has also been the Board Chair of Jos. Swanson & Co., a Milwaukee-based management consulting firm.
Academic career.
He received a B.S. (Economics & History, 1964) and a Ph.D. (Economics, 1968), both from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. 
He was on the faculty successively of Purdue University (1967-1969), University of Iowa (1970-1974), and Northwestern University (1975-2007). He taught courses in microeconomic theory, econometrics, time series analysis, corporate financial management, securities analysis, quantitative models of financial market performance, due diligence for mergers and acquisitions, and project finance.
His research has been focused on the themes of optimal capital accumulation, economic history of urban growth, optimal plant location, transportation cost & productivity performance, financial market efficiency with a focus on bond pricing, and auction markets. His current research is focused on applications of finance theory in private equity and project finance.
Among his major publications are Douglas W. Caves, Laurits R. Christensen, and J. A. Swanson, "Productivity Growth, Scale Economies, and Capacity Utilization in U.S. Railroads, 1955-1974," "American Economic Review", 1981, 71, 994-1002.; and, with John Ledyard "The First Use of Combined-Value Auction for Transportation Services" Interfaces, 2002, 32, 4-12.
After leaving the faculty of the Kellogg School of Management in 1987, he joined the Chicago Corporation where he organized a transportation research and corporate finance team, specializing in the public offerings of the truckload transportation sector. In 1989 he moved to CalFed as Senior Vice President for Corporate Development, where he executed a sequence of acquisitions and divestitures that were widely-noted. In 1991 Swanson resumed the CEO position at Jos. Swanson & Co.
He has served, and continues to serve on many corporate boards of directors. He is a founding director of Cargo 360 and Cheetah Software Systems. He is a director of the Walker Group. He served a six-year term as trustee of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America’s Board of Pensions, where he chaired its audit committee and served on its investment committee. He is a former trustee (and chair of its endowment committee) of North Shore Country Day School.

</doc>
<doc id="18951675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951675" title="1968 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1968 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship of 1968 was the 82nd staging of Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Wexford won the championship, beating Tipperary 5-8 to 3-12 in the final at Croke Park, Dublin.
The championship.
Format.
Leinster Championship.
"First round:" (1 match) This is a single match between two of the weaker teams drawn from the province of Leinster. One team is eliminated at this stage, while the winners advance to the quarter-final.
"Second round:" (1 match) This is a single match between the winner of the first round and another team drawn from the province of Leinster. One team is eliminated at this stage, while the winners advance to the semi-finals.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winners of the quarter-final join three other Leinster teams to make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage, while two teams advance to the Leinster final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contest this game. One team is eliminated at this stage, while the winners advance to the All-Ireland final.
Munster Championship.
"First round:" (2 matches) These are two lone matches between the first four teams drawn from the province of Munster. Two teams are eliminated at this stage, while two teams advance to the semi-finals.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winners of the two quarter-finals join the other two Munster teams to make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage, while two teams advance to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contest this game. One team is eliminated at this stage, while the winners advance to the All-Ireland final.
All-Ireland Championship.
"Final": (1 match) The Leinster and the Munser champions contest the All-Ireland final.

</doc>
<doc id="18951681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951681" title="Malmö Concert Hall">
Malmö Concert Hall

The Malmö Concert Hall () is a 1200-seat concert hall located on Föreningsgatan in central Malmö, Sweden, and the home of the Malmö Symphony Orchestra.
A new combined concert hall and congress centre is currently being planned in Neptuniparken close to the waterfront in Malmö, with several prominent architects involved including Daniel Libeskind and Snøhetta. The winning proposal will be presented on 5 May 2010. The future use of the current concert hall has yet to be decided.

</doc>
<doc id="18951694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951694" title="Khuda">
Khuda

Khuda or Khoda () is the Persian word for "Lord" or "God". Formerly, it was used in reference to Ahura Mazda (Persian God) and today for God in Islam by only the Persian speakers, and as a loanword in Bengali, Urdu, Sindhi, Hindi and several South Asian languages. The term is originally from a Middle Persian honorific. It can also mean "king".
Etymology.
The term derives from Middle Iranian "xvatay, xwadag" meaning "lord", "ruler", "master" (written as Parthian "kwdy", Middle Persian "kwdy", Sogdian "kwdy", etc.). It is the Middle Iranian reflex of Avestan "xva-dhata-" "self-defined; autocrat", an epithet of Ahura Mazda. The Pashto term "Xwdāi" (خدای) is a New Iranian cognate.
Prosaic usage is found for example in the Sassanid title "katak-xvatay" to denote the head of a clan or extended household, or in the title of the 6th century "Khwaday Namag" "Book of lords", from which the tales of Kayanian kings as found in the "Shahnameh" ("Book of kings") derive.
Zoroastrianism.
Semi-religious usage appears, for example, in the epithet "zaman-i derang xvatay" "time of the long dominion", as found in the Menog-i Khirad. The fourth and eighty-sixth entry of the Pazand prayer titled "Sad-o-yak nam-i-khoda" ("101 Names of God"), reading, "Harvesp-Khoda" "Lord of All" and "Khudawand" "Lord of the Universe", respectively, are compounds involving "Khuda".
Application of "khuda" as ""the" Lord" (Ahura Mazda) is represented in the first entry in the medieval "Frahang-i Pahlavig".
Islamic usage.
In Islamic times, the term came to be used for God in Islam, paralleling the Arabic name of God "Al-Malik" "Owner, King, Lord, Master". But "Allah" is more common.
The phrase Khuda Hafiz (meaning "May God be your Guardian") is a parting phrase commonly used in Persian, Kurdish and Pashto, as well as in Urdu among South Asian Muslims.
It also exists as a loanword, used for God by Muslims in Bengali, Urdu, although the Arabic word "Allah" is becoming more common.

</doc>
<doc id="18951710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951710" title="Coimbra iParque">
Coimbra iParque

The Coimbra Innovation Park (iParque) is a science and technology park located in Coimbra (Portugal) – a city that has one of the most dynamic innovation ecosystems in Portugal and is well-known, especially in the Portuguese-speaking world, for its scientific and cultural excellence.
The park comprises 150.000 square meters of industrial sites and 700 square meters of office space. Additional facilities such as a data center, several conference halls and meeting rooms of different sizes, a restaurant and a green park are also available. The park also offers a range of specialized services to support business development, internationalization and establishment of foreign companies.
History and mission.
Coimbra has world-class educational, scientific and technological facilities, most prominently its ancient university - the University of Coimbra. Within Portugal, the Coimbra region has great incubation initiatives that serve both companies and ideas, excellent R&D groups and centres. Successful and innovative companies that are leaders, in Portugal and internationally. Coimbra iParque intends to connect these initiatives and work with them, establishing cooperation networks, creating synergies and competitive advantages.
Coimbra iParque mission is to develop and modernize Coimbra as well as the region's economical activity by promoting, creating and settling companies with a high technological content and by aiming towards innovation, experimental development and the use of new technologies in advising or training actions. It intends to create a new concept of competition based on the collective efforts of a number of institutional initiatives that are credible and that show how successful the attraction of excellent qualified human resources can be, turning Coimbra into a definite reference among the European cities of knowledge.
The construction of the park was concluded in 2010 and the location of companies started immediately. The park is currently the headquarters of companies and applied research centers with expertise in the fields of ICT, Health, Nanotech, Cleantech and Green building. 
A second development phase – consisting of an additional 200.000 square meters of industrial sites and 3.500 square meters of office space – has already been approved, so there is plenty of space for expansion. This phase also includes dedicated areas for housing, shopping, green parks and sports facilities.
External links.
"Other related sites:"

</doc>
<doc id="18951715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951715" title="While Broken Hearts Prevail">
While Broken Hearts Prevail

While Broken Hearts Prevail is an EP by rock band Emery that was released on October 28, 2008. Musically the album returns to heavier sound found on Emery's debut album "The Weak's End" instead of the alternative sound on the band's previous release "I'm Only a Man".

</doc>
<doc id="18951726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951726" title="Red Sucker Lake, Manitoba">
Red Sucker Lake, Manitoba

Red Sucker Lake is a designated place in northeast Manitoba, Canada adjacent to the Red Sucker Lake 1976 Indian Reserve, which is part of the Red Sucker Lake First Nation. It is located approximately northeast of Thompson.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census, the Red Sucker Lake designated place had a population of living in of its total private dwellings.

</doc>
<doc id="18951743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951743" title="Don Calloway">
Don Calloway

Donald Calloway, Jr. (born September 18, 1979) is an American attorney and politician from St. Louis, Missouri. He is a member of the Missouri House of Representatives for the 71st District in St. Louis County.
Early life.
Donald Calloway, Jr. was born in St. Louis, Missouri to Donald Calloway, Sr. and Jonell Calloway. In 2002, he graduated from Alabama A&M, majoring in Political Science and English. There, he was a brother in the local chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi, and was elected Student Body President. He then entered law school at Boston University, graduating in 2005. A practicing attorney, he currently lives in Bel-Nor, Missouri with his wife, Sarah Jane Forman, a law professor at the School of Law at Washington University in St. Louis, and his son Donald “Cal” Calloway III.
2008 election.
On August 5, 2008, Calloway won the Democratic primary for the 71st District seat in the Missouri House of Representatives. Calloway won 52% of the vote in a three-way race against Vernon Harlan, and Rogerick Wilson. Since no Republican candidate filed for the office, he was elected unopposed on November 4, 2008. He took office in January 2009.
Representative career.
Calloway, as a member of the Missouri House of Representatives, is currently a member of the Emerging Issues in Animal Agriculture Committee, General Laws Committee, Rules Committee and Tax Policy Committee.
In October 2009, the Northeast Ambulance and Fire Protection District Board, which had been plagued with charges of corruption, bribery and cronyism, came under direct fire as the board approved an ill-merited severance packaged for board members Robert Edwards and Joe Washington totaling over $750,000. Representative Calloway personally challenged the legitimacy of the payoff, and filed a successful lawsuit to have the corresponding bank accounts frozen.
In February 2010, Calloway sponsored a bill to limit the long-term effects of concussions on high-school football athletes. The bill required that student athletes who suffered a concussion get written permission from a doctor or licensed medical official, certifying the absence of long-term brain damage and the ability to continue playing safely, before they would be allowed to participate in games or practice. Calloway hopes that the bill can be expanded to include other sports besides football.
2010 Election.
Calloway ran unsuccessfully in the Democratic primary for State Senator from the 14th district finishing third behind Maria Chappelle-Nadal (D-72) and Theodore "Ted" Hoskins (D-80), with about 500 votes separating the top 3 candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="18951750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951750" title="Annakeera Crossing">
Annakeera Crossing

Annakeera Crossing was a level crossing near Annaghmore in County Armagh, Northern Ireland. By 1938 it was also a railway request halt.
History.
The Great Northern Railway opened the halt on its Portadown — Omagh line. The Ulster Transport Authority took over the GNR's remaining lines in Northern Ireland in 1958 and closed the halt in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18951757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951757" title="List of Westphalian Wilhelms-University Münster people">
List of Westphalian Wilhelms-University Münster people

This list contains some of the most notable students, scientists, lecturer and honorary doctors of the University of Münster (Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität Münster).

</doc>
<doc id="18951778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951778" title="List of number-one singles of 1976 (Ireland)">
List of number-one singles of 1976 (Ireland)

This is a list of singles which have reached number one on the Irish Singles Chart in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18951781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951781" title="Maidy Teitelbaum">
Maidy Teitelbaum

Maidy Teitelbaum is the president and founder of Cinemania Film Festival
Teitelbaum created the Cinemania Film Festival in 1995 at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts with support from the private sector. Over the years, as a result of growing attendance, the festival moved to the historic Imperial Cinema, a larger capacity theatre.
Cinemania Film Festival.
Cinemania showcases premieres of quality French-language films, offering audiences the opportunity to meet distinguished filmmakers and talented actors.
Chevalier of the Order of Arts and Letters.
In 2006, Teitelbaum was made a Chevalier of the Order of Arts and Letters of France in recognition of her contribution to French culture.
Medaille Beaumarchais.
On June 16, 2008, Teitelbaum received the Medaille Beaumarchais awarded by the SACD of France (Société des Auteurs et Compositeurs Dramatiques). This medal is awarded each year to those whose work supports artistic creation and copyright issues. 
The filmmaker Bertrand Tavernier, attended Cinemania in 2007. Jacques Fansten, President of the SACD, said: "thanks to Bertrand Tavernier, we know all about the remarkable work you have achieved through the creation of this festival (...). We also know that you have managed to touch a very wide audience and this is a beautiful gift to our films."

</doc>
<doc id="18951787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951787" title="Landmark Mall">
Landmark Mall

The Landmark Mall, or Landmark Regional Shopping Center, is located in a triangle formed by Duke Street (Virginia State Route 236), Shirley Highway (I-395), and Van Dorn Street (Virginia State Route 401) in Alexandria, Virginia.
The mall opened in 1965, and was the first mall in the Washington D.C. area to feature three anchor department stores; the Hecht Company (now Macy's) (163,000 sq ft), Sears and Roebuck (236,000 sq ft), and Woodward & Lothrop (later JCPenney, then Lord & Taylor, now vacant) (151,000 sq ft). The mall opening occurred on August 4, 1965, when then Lt. Gov. Mills E. Godwin, Jr. cut the ceremonial ribbon. The mall opened with 32 stores in the center including Bond Clothes, Casual Corner, People's Drug Store, Raleigh Haberdasher, Thom McAn, and Waldenbooks. The center also included the second location of S&W Cafeteria in the Washington D.C. suburbs.
Originally an outdoor mall, it was enclosed about 1990.
Plans were announced in 2008 to revitalize the mall by converting it to an open-air "town center" shopping center by the owner, General Growth Properties. Those plans were put on hold with General Growth's bankruptcy filing in April 2009; the mall itself filed for bankruptcy at the same time.
Lord & Taylor announced on May 29, 2009, that it would be closing its store at the mall.
As of early 2013, whole wings of the mall stand largely unoccupied and only two anchors remain (Sears and Macy's). The old Lord & Taylor spot also remains unoccupied as does its parking garage.
Howard Hughes Corporation, the current owner of the central section (Macy's and Sears own their buildings) have plans to convert the mall to an outdoor center with retail and apartments.

</doc>
<doc id="18951792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951792" title="Azouz Ennifar">
Azouz Ennifar

Azouz Ennifar (born on 30 April 1945 in Tunis) currently serves as Acting Special Representative of the Secretary-General for the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE). Ennifar has served as the Tunisian ambassador to Indonesia, Brazil and Italy, and was Chargé d'Affaires in the Tunisian embassy in Paris. He served Ambassador to the United States in 1994, with accreditation to Mexico and Venezuela. He was also a representative of the Tunisian Government at the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Previously, Ennifar served at the Ministry of National Economy and was once the Managing Director of the Export Promotion Centre, a Government institution shaping Tunisia’s foreign trade. He co-founded the non-profit organization Association des Études Internationales.

</doc>
<doc id="18951799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951799" title="Konserthuset (disambiguation)">
Konserthuset (disambiguation)

Konserthuset is a Swedish word meaning The Concert Hall, and can refer to one of many concert halls in Sweden and Swedish-speaking Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="18951802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951802" title="Jorge García (footballer)">
Jorge García (footballer)

Jorge García Torre (born 13 January 1984 in Gijón, Asturias), simply known as Jorge, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Lugo as a central defender.
His twin brother, Alejandro, is also a footballer (goalkeeper); both began their careers at Sporting de Gijón.

</doc>
<doc id="18951803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951803" title="Exact division">
Exact division

In game theory, an exact or even division is a type of fair division where all the players believe everyone received the same amount.
There is no finite fair division procedure for exact division of divisible goods. However there are moving knife procedures for two players. For more than two players only near exact procedures are known, this is sufficient though to enable envy-free fair division procedures to be devised for any number of players.
There are a number of existence proofs derived from measure theory or topology for exact divisions in various circumstances.
Divisions of this type are much easier if the participants cooperate in establishing entitlements rather than competing as in fair division. Some authors refer to this as consensus division or consensus halving.
Two players.
The original procedure for exact division of a cake devised by A.K.Austin is as follows:
If the first player reaches the end he must have his left knife positioned where the right knife started. The intermediate value theorem establishes the second player must be satisfied the cake is halved at some point. Giving the pieces at random to the players can be used to ensure they don't favour either part.
One knife can be used to achieve the same effect. The first player rotates the knife over the cake through 180° keeping a half on either side and the second player says when they agree. The first player must of course end the turn with the knife on the same line as where it started.
Exact division with any rational ratio of entitlements can also be achieved for two players by a slightly more complicated procedure.
Near exact division.
For more than two players there is no known procedure for exact division, but near exact divisions are possible. This means for any given formula_1 one can ensure the players each believe the values everyone has differ by less than formula_2.
This is achieved by the players all splitting up the cake into tiny bits and assigning a value to each bit. This means each bit has a vector of values, one per player. The bits are then selected so the players get allocations in near exact proportion to their entitlements. This can always be done due to a theorem by V.Bergström.
A constructive way to divide a resource in two parts with "n" cuts so all of "n" people think the halves are of equal was established in 2003. This "consensus halving" theorem uses the Borsuk–Ulam theorem and Tucker's lemma and the "n" cuts is the minimum possible.
Existence proofs.
Both the necklace splitting problem and a generalization of the ham sandwich theorem can be used to establish existence proofs for exact divisions in various circumstances.

</doc>
<doc id="18951814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951814" title="Marc Lemire">
Marc Lemire

Marc Lemire is a figure in the Canadian far right "white nationalist" movement. He works closely with leader Paul Fromm, and is the webmaster of the Hamilton, Ontario-based Freedom-Site which he began in 1996. He has been called a "bigot" by Jonathan Kay of the "National Post". Formerly of Toronto and now living in Hamilton, Lemire was the last president of the often violent Heritage Front organization from January 1, 2001 until the organization folded around 2005.
Early career.
In 1997, Lemire ran for school trustee in Toronto Public School Ward P17, but lost after receiving only 2,503 votes (or 12% of the total). In the mid-1990s he was a Canadian Armed Forces reservist. In their 1997 "Annual Audit of Antisemitic Incidents". B'nai Brith Canada wrote, "Marc Lemire, webmaster of the Freedom-Site that hosts the websites of several of Canada’s most virulent antisemitic organizations such as the Heritage Front, The Canadian Patriots Network and the Citizens for Foreign Aid Reform". In 1998, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation called The Canadian Patriots Network a "hate website".
Lemire's involvement with Wolfgang Droege and the neo-Nazi Heritage Front group began while he was a teenager in the early 1990s. When the Heritage Front fell into crisis around 1993, he attempted independent projects on the far right, such as his Canadian Patriots Network before embarking in his online activities. He resumed his activity with the Heritage Front within a few years, and according to the Heritage Front website, Lemire helped organize a Heritage Front flyer campaign in 2001. The flyers were titled in part "Immigration can kill you", and claimed that there was a connection between immigration and an outbreak of tuberculosis.
Lemire was briefly a member of the Canadian Alliance, a mainstream conservative Canadian party — along with several other far-right figures, such as Paul Fromm, Doug Christie and Doug Collins — until late 2000 when, according to "The Report" newsmagazine, they were all expelled from the party.
Legal and human rights issues.
In August 2006, a Canadian Human Rights Tribunal found that postings by Craig Harrison on the Freedom-Site forum (an interactive message forum on Lemire's website) contained violations of Section 13 of the Canadian Human Rights Act. No liability was found against Lemire, although the Tribunal did issue a decision that "compelled" Lemire to provide evidence during the hearing. A total of eight people in Canada viewed the material.
A complaint was also laid against Lemire for allegedly "communicating and/or causing to be communicated" messages in violation of section 13 of the Canadian Human Rights Act. Hearings before the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal began February 2007.
On November 25, 2005, Lemire filed a "Notice of Constitutional Question" with every Attorney General in Canada, against the Canadian Human Rights Act, in which he challenged the constitutionality of sections 13 (Internet hate) and 54(1)(1.1) (Fines) of the Canadian Human Rights Act. Specifically he argued that they are in violation of ss. 2(a) and (b), 7, 26 and 31 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. A violation of ss. 1(d) and (f) of the Canadian Bill of Rights is also alleged. As a result of the constitutional challenge, the Canadian Free Speech League, the Canadian Association for Free Expression, the Attorney General of Canada, The Canadian Jewish Congress, B'nai Brith Canada and the Simon Wiesenthal Centre have all obtained "Interested Party Status" in the case.
On September 2, 2009, Hadjis found Section 13 of the Canada Human Rights Act unconstitutional, and refused to impose a penalty on Lemire. However, as Hadjis is not a judge and the tribunal is not a court, his decision does not carry sufficient weight to strike down the section as ultra vires. As a result, the ruling is not binding beyond the Lemire case.
Two previous decisions of the CHRT (first by a 2-member panel, and later by Chair Grant Sinclair) considered the same challenges to the amendments by the same respondents in Lemire's case - Paul Fromm in #2 and Douglas Christie / Barbara Kulaszka (and Lemire having applied and been rejected as an intervenor) in #1 - and found them constitutional.

</doc>
<doc id="18951817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951817" title="List of Nigerian states by GDP">
List of Nigerian states by GDP

The following table presents a listing of Nigeria's 5 states ranked in order of their total GDP (PPP) in 2007. See the map to the right for GDP in 2010

</doc>
<doc id="18951818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951818" title="Table talk (cards)">
Table talk (cards)

In certain card games, table talk is communication by a player with another player with the cards in their hand, contrary to the rules of the game. Such communication may be through explicitly naming cards, but it is far more common to try to give hints which the opposing players will think innocent, but which will be understood by the player's partner.
Two Player Table Talk.
In some games a player may modify the way they play in order to convey information about their hand to their partner. This is considered acceptable and is not termed table talk, even though the distinguishing line may be very fine. For instance, a 500 player might place a bid of "six no trumps" to indicate that he holds the joker; this would be acceptable. However, he might modify the tone of voice when making a bid to indicate to his partner that something about the bid is significant (the suit, or perhaps that he does not wish to win it).
Hearts.
In the game of Hearts, it is generally unacceptable to talk about the location of the queen of spades or notifying other players of someone threatening to "shoot the moon". Whether this type of table talk is acceptable will depend on the game, the players and the stakes. It is likely to be at least considered unsporting in any but the most light-hearted, social or drunken games.
Pinochle.
Pinochle is a card game with pre play meld bidding. Pre-arranged fake meld bids are a kind of sneaky table talk and considered definitely cheating.

</doc>
<doc id="18951826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951826" title="April 4">
April 4


</doc>
<doc id="18951827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951827" title="French frigate Hermione (1779)">
French frigate Hermione (1779)

The Hermione was a 12-pounder "Concorde" class frigate of the French Navy. She became famous when she ferried General Lafayette to the United States in 1780 to allow him to rejoin the American side in the American Revolutionary War. She grounded and was wrecked in 1793.
In 1997, construction of a replica ship started in Rochefort, Charente-Maritime, France; the new ship is named "Hermione".
Career.
"Hermione" was built in eleven months at Rochefort, by the shipwright Henri Chevillard as a light () frigate, fast and maneuverable. Between May and December 1779 she underwent successful sea trials in the Gulf of Gascony under the command of Lieutenant de Latouche.
General La Fayette embarked at Rochefort on 11 March 1780 and arrived in Boston on 28 April carrying the then-secret news that he had secured French reinforcements (5,500 men and 5 frigates) for Washington. She got underway again on 2 June and suffered serious damage in the fierce but indecisive Action of 7 June 1780 against the 32-gun HMS "Iris", under James Hawker.
"Hermione" received the American Congress on board in May 1781. She fought several times in company with the "Astrée", commanded by Lapérouse, especially at the Naval battle of Louisbourg on 21 July 1781.
After the end of the American Revolutionary War, "Hermione" returned to France in February 1782. She then formed part of a squadron sent to India to help Suffren against the British. However peace was declared and the ship returned to Rochefort in April 1784.
Fate.
Again in service against the British, on 20 September 1793, she ran aground off Croisic, and was then wrecked by heavy seas. The court-martial consecutive to the wreck found her pilot, Guillaume Guillemin du Conquet, responsible for her loss; her commanding officer, Captain Martin, was honourably acquitted.
Reconstruction.
In 1997 a reconstruction project started in Rochefort. The new ship is named "Hermione"

</doc>
<doc id="18951838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951838" title="Army of the North">
Army of the North

The Army of the North (), contemporaneously called Army of Peru, was one of the armies deployed by the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata in the Spanish American wars of independence. Its objective was freeing the Argentine Northwest and the Upper Peru (present-day Bolivia) from the royalist troops of the Spanish Empire. It was headed by Hipólito Vieytes (1810), Juan José Castelli (1810–1811), Juan Martín de Pueyrredón (1811–1812), Manuel Belgrano (1812–1814), José de San Martín (1814), José Rondeau (1814–1816), Manuel Belgrano (1816–1819).
The offensive operations started in 1810 and ended in 1817, with the defeat of the forces commanded by Gregorio Aráoz de La Madrid at the battle of Sopachuy, the last attempt to advance into Upper Peru. Since then, only defensive operations on the Northern frontier were carried on, as the offensive had been transferred to the Army of the Andes, commanded by José de San Martín, who devised the strategy of reaching the main royalist stronghold, Lima, through Chile and the Pacific Ocean. In 1820 the Army of the North was summoned to intervene in the internal strife between the central government in Buenos Aires and the Federal League provincial caudillo leaders. Shortly after, the Arequito Revolt led by the independentist veterans who refused to fight a civil war instead of an independence war, effectively ended the existence of the Army of the North.
During the War of the Confederation, between Chile, Argentina and the Peru-Bolivian Confederation, a new military corps received the name of Army of the North (1837) under the command of Alejandro Heredia. The Army would disband itself without conducting any major operations after the uprising known as North Coalition and the 1838 assassination of Heredia. The war ended in 1839 with a decisive Chilean victory at the Yungay, so the Peruvian-Bolivian army retreated from Argentine territory.
First campaign to Upper Peru.
The lack of trained military was one of the most pressing difficulties of the revolutionary government in Buenos Aires. Besides the Patricios Regiment and other corps formed during the British invasions, the only troops with some experience were the Blandengues, lancers militia recruited to patrol the borders of the territories still controlled by indigenous people (mapuche and ranquel). Not until 1812, with the return of veterans from the Napoleonic Wars, that would join as officers, with knowledge of military doctrine. Before that most of the commanders were civilians or junior officers, put in charge more for their political leanings, status in society or charisma than for their military capacity.
Army's formation and Liniers' execution.
What would later become the Army of the North started with the troops conscripted by Juan José Castelli by order of the Primera Junta on 14 June 1810, to fight viceroy Santiago de Liniers, who headed a counter-revolutionary movement at Córdoba Province. The Junta's order followed its creation documents from 25 May of the same year, which required them to send an expeditionary force to the provinces. It was also in response to the Junta decree that created the Argentine Army on 29 May, five days after its formation.
The Junta started a collection in Buenos Aires to equip the expeditionary force and created a small army of 1,150 men, which left from Monte de Castro on 6 July 1810 under the command of colonel Francisco Ortiz de Ocampo, and lieutenant colonel Antonio González Balcarce. After receiving their orders they took the road to Córdoba to confront Liniers. Similar to the armiens in the French Revolution, they were accompanied by the Junta's representative (political command), Hipólito Vieytes as commissioner and for the army's comptroller Feliciano Chiclana, who reached the army later on 28 July at Fraile Muerto and continued to Salta with a small guard, where he was named governor of Salta and Tucumán. The military command was subject to the political representative and he to the Junta through the Secretary of War Mariano Moreno. Vieytes carried instructions to arrange in each province for elections so the people could designate their representative to the new Junta.
The force was composed of about 1,000 men in two companies with the 1st and 2nd Patricios Regiments, 3rd Arribeños, 4th Montañeses, and 5th Andaluces, plus the Pardos and Morenos regiments and 50 soldiers of the Buenos Aires regiment, all infantry. The artillery was formed by a group of 60 men with 4 pieces and 40 veteran artillery men. They were accompanied by two surgeons and two chaplains. The cavalry was divided into 50 dragoons, 50 hussars and 100 blandengues.
On 14 July the force arrived in Luján, continuing through Salto, and Pergamino. On 8 August they arrived in Córdoba.
On 31 July the royalist commanders in Córdoba had fled to Upper Peru after the dissolution of their regiments, to join the royalist army there. Liniers was captured on 6 August in the Córdoba highlands along with others officers from his command, who were sent to Buenos Aires against the execution orders, but on 26 August they were met in Cabeza de Tigre by the new political command of the Army of the North sent by Moreno. Castelli then ordered and immediate execution by firing squad for Liniers and the Córdoba governor, Juan Gutiérrez de la Concha, lieutenant-governor Victorio Rodríguez, Santiago Alejo de Allende and Joaquín Moreno, but pardoned bishop Rodrigo de Orellana, who was sent as a prisoner to Luján. Domingo French, gave the coup de grâce to the French officer. By order of the Junta, González Balcarce replaced Ortiz de Ocampo as troop commander, with Juan José Viamonte as his second in command replacing Vieytes. Juan José Castelli occupied the post of political representative and Bernardo de Monteagudo the comptroller. French and Rodríguez Peña became part of the new political committee. With Córdoba occupied on 8 August, they replaced their cabildo and Juan Martín de Pueyrredón was named governor, assuming the post that same month. Later they continued their march towards Upper Peru, where the Spanish general José de Córdoba y Rojas was commander of the royalist troops. The spontaneous joining of several cabildos augmented Balcarce's troops. In Salta he received more troops, commanded by Martín Miguel de Güemes. In Santiago del Estero Province a battalion of Patricios was formed commanded by Juan Francisco Borges.
With central and northwest Argentina free of royalist governors, as also the cabildos of San Luis (13 June), Salta (19 June), Mendoza (25 June), San Miguel de Tucumán (26 June), Santiago del Estero (29 June), San Juan (7 July), La Rioja (1 September), Catamarca (4 September) and San Salvador de Jujuy (14 September) professed allegiance to the Junta in Buenos Aires and sent deputies. Tarija, in today's Bolivia, also joined on 25 June.
First operations in Upper Peru.
With the insurrections in Alto Perú, Balcarce initiated the march towards it with 400 men. The first armed action of the Army of the North in Upper Peru was the Battle of Cotagaita, about North of San Salvador de Jujuy, on 27 October. The battle was not favorable to Balcarce and the outcome undecided, in part for the numerical superiority of the royalist, forcing the expeditionary troops to retreat to the South without pursuit. Balcarce reorganized his troops two days later in Tupiza.
On 3 November, the Junta created the 3rd Infantry Regiment in the Argentine north, and placed it under the command of colonel Juan José Viamonte, with the infantry obtained from Buenos Aires and coningents from Tucumán and Santiago del Estero.
On 5 November the royalist forces started their march towards Tupiza, so Balcarce left that town the next day, and it was then occupied by 1,200 royalist troops. He stopped at Nazareno, where he received a reinforcement of 200 men from Jujuy with two pieces of artillery. On 7 November they again confronted the same troops they had met before at Suipacha, where the Argentine army obtained its first victory. The battle was favorable to Balcarce even though he again had numerical inferiority (800 royalist against 600 rebels, and in Cotagaita 2,000 royalists against 1,100 rebels). Balcarce earned the rank of brigadier, and the confidence to advance towards the Desaguadero River, border of the viceroyalty in colonial times. Due to internal disagreements Castelli had to dismiss Güemes and his gaucho soldiers.
The royalist defenses were left in charge of general José Manuel de Goyeneche, who met with Castelli and signed an armistice to last for forty days from 16 May. The army moved from the encampment at La Laja, where they were since April, to the new encampment at Huaqui.
General Pueyrredón was named president of the Audiencia de Charcas. On 21 November, a decree from the Primera Junta in Buenos Aires created the 7th Infantry ""Cochabamba Regiment"" with veteran forces from Upper Peru, composed of 12 companies of 100 soldiers each, with Cochabamba's governor Francisco del Rivero as their new commander.
Defeat at Huaqui and retreat from Upper Peru.
On 20 June 1811, Castelli violated the armistice and tried to surround the royalist troops crossing the Desaguadero River, Goyeneche ordered and attack (according to other sources he violated the armistice first), at what became the Battle of Huaqui. The 5,000 rebel soldiers and the indigenous peoples with them could not deal with the strongly armed 6.500 royalist soldiers and suffered their biggest defeat to date. As a consequence of this battle, Goyeneche captured La Paz and Cochabamba after the battle at Amiraya (also known as first Battle of Sipe Sipe) on 13 August 1811. The disorganized remainder of the army retreated south, taking refuge first in Potosí, which had been abandoned by Pueyrredón when he took the silver treasure from the city, then in Jujuy and finally in Salta's territory, where they would receive help from Güemes and where Balcarce was replaced by Pueyrredón.
General Eustaquio Díaz Vélez with 800 soldiers was sent by Pueyrredón to support the insurrection at Cochabamba in a new attempt to advance on Upper Peru, but were repealed at Nazareno on 12 January 1812.
On 26 March 1812 the first campaign of the expeditionary army ended officially when Pueyrredón was replaced by brigadier general Manuel Belgrano.
Balcarce and Castelli where considered responsible for the debacle and were put on trial. Castelli died before sentence was pronounced, and Balcarce absolved and rejoined the fight, this time under the command of San Martín.
Second expedition to Upper Peru.
Belgrano assumes command.
In 1812, with the new commander Manuel Belgrano, the Junta decided to fund a second expeditionary campaign to Upper Peru with the objective of finally defeating the royalist troops, conquer Upper Peru and avenge the overwhelming defeat at Huaqui, and also to raise the moral of the troops and citizenry.
On 26 March, Belgrano received command from Pueyrredón at Yatasto (Salta Province) and immediately advanced towards Jujuy Province, where he established a defensive perimeter.
When Belgrano took charge, the Army of the North comprised the following units: 
Belgrano's task in the north, same as his previous one in Paraguay, was part politics and part military; they counted on him to restore the morale on the region and try to disarm the local royalists among the population, many of whom were priests or rich citizens. He was preferred for the post, instead of other more experienced or capable officers as Eustaquio Díaz Vélez or Juan Ramón Balcarce, both colonels at the time and veterans of many battles. Among the junior officers there were several that would make a name for themselves such as José María Paz, Manuel Dorrego and Gregorio Aráoz de La Madrid. While in Salta, he would receive the help of Baron Holmberg, veteran artillery man from the European wars, who would take charge of his meager artillery —only two cannon at first— and would give help on strategic planning.
His army's numbers were also low, only about 1,500 men at first, with two third on cavalry, and only a little more than 600 had firearms. Bayonets were in short supply, so they had to improvise by adding lances to their arsenal. Those officers that could not bring their own saber would have to do without. The scarcity of arms and supplies forced them to impose a strict control and organization. Belgrano spent the first months of his command in establishing a hospital, military tribunal, supply corps, reconnaissance company and in negotiating the manufacturing of ammunition and clothing. The relative hostility of the local population over the demands of the porteños did not make his job easy. He utilized the few friendships with the locals, La Madrid among them, to help with troop recruiting. Crucial in this task was Güemes, who with his troubled personal relations with Belgrano would force the latter to release him in June before even having had a chance to do combat.
The army was thus formed by 6th Infantry Regiment, Battalion of Peru Rifle Huntsmen commanded by Carlos Forest, a battalion of Pardos and Morenos ("mulattoes"), 14 pieces of artillery, the "Provisional Cavalry of the Río de la Plata" commanded by Balcarce (after the joining of the Dragoon and the Hussar regiments) and the Cochabamba Regiment. There were also local militias such as the Salta Militia commanded by Güemes. The military comptroller was Teodoro Sánchez de Bustamante. On 1 July 1812, Belgrano created the 8th Infantry Regiment with men from Upper Peru, but it was disbanded after the defeat at Vilcapugio as most of the officers and more than half their soldiers were lost at the battle.
In Salta he found an intelligence net who was passing information to Goyeneche's royalist army, headed by the city's bishop, whom he forced to leave the territories controlled by the Junta. Even though they suffered from malaria he decided to advance towards Cochabamba. The advanced elements consisting of the battalion of mulattoes and the two cavalry regiments of Hussars and Dragoons, reached Humahuaca, while the rest of the army positioned itself in Jujuy. He celebrated there the second anniversary of the May Revolution, and he had a new white and light blue flag blessed by the chaplain. The well-planned solemn ceremony helped gain the support of the locals who were distrustful and some supported the royalist army and the dislike of the troops to the Prussian regime imposed by Holmberg. Order was strict and Belgrano ordered capital punishment inflicted for whom disobeyed express orders. One of the deserters due to the strict discipline was Venancio Benavídez, who moved to Goyeneche's forces, which had already taken Cochabamba and he told of the harsh conditions at Belgrano's army. With that intelligence, Goyeneche, who had just reinforced Pío de Tristán, decided to advance towards the south and press the advantage. Belgrano ordered conscription of all able men, forming a troop of cavalry irregulars, but received the order to retreat towards Córdoba from the Junta in Buenos Aires.
Jujuy's exodus and battles of Tucumán and Salta.
Belgrano decided to leave nothing available for the enemy to use as supplies, he used scorched earth tactics, during the so-called Jujuy Exodus (""Exodo Jujeño""), ordering the civilian population to move out of the city and into the countryside along with the army, and to burn everything left behind to hinder the enemy's advance. The retreat was orderly, with Díaz Vélez's troops protecting the rearguard. On 3 September he made contact with the enemy, whose advanced elements had chased the cavalry to the Las Piedras river. Taking advantage of the terrain, and with Holmberg's help, Belgrano opened fire with his new artillery and turned the tables on the enemy, taking the leader of the royalist advance, Colonel Huici, prisoner. Ten days later, they encamped in Tucumán, where they decided to end the retreat. On the 24th they confronted Tristán at the Battle of Tucumán, where a decisive cavalry charge gave the rebels a victory. 1,800 patriots (800 infantry, 900 cavalry and 100 artillery men) defeated 3,000 royalists (2,000 infantry and 1,000 artillery men). The royalists suffered 450 casualties, 687 prisoners and lossof ammunition and materiel. Tristán was forced to retreat north to Salta, lost his artillery and most of his wagons to the independentist army, who needed the supplies and could put them to good use.
The four months he had to reorganize after the victory at Tucumán allowed Belgrano to double the number of men and improve on training and discipline, even though he lost Holmberg, who had made enemies of other officers and was recalled to Buenos Aires. The lack of a chief of staff with tactical experience would be felt later. He received reinforcements from Buenos Aires: 1st Infantry Regiment, commanded by lieutenant colonel Gregorio Perdriel with 395 men, 4 companies of 2nd Infantry Regiment with 360 men commanded by lieutenant colonel Benito Alvarez and 70 to 80 mulattoes.
Well equipped and with high morale, they started on 12 January the march north to Salta, where Tristán had entrenched. A month later, on the margins of the Juramento river (today's Salado River), the troops where the first to swear loyalty to the Constitutional Assembly and to the new flag recently created by Belgrano por Belgrano (today's Argentina's flag). With the help of captain Aparicio, a local from the area, allowed them to reach the road to Jujuy through a not-well known road and confront Tristán by his rear on 20 February. After a slow start, the independentist victory at the Battle of Salta was decisive, and Tristán surrender unconditionally. 3,700 patriots with 12 pieces of artillery annihilated 3,700 royalists with 10 pieces of artillery, with 480 royalist dead and 114 wounded, while Belgrano's troops only had 13 dead and 433 wounded. In exchange for the swearing to never again take arms against the United Provinces, Belgrano guaranteed Tristán and his men their freedom; took all his arms and supplies, which improved the army's situation considerably.
Second Upper Peru campaign and retreat to Jujuy.
Continuing his march to the north, he took Potosí on 21 June and Vilcapugio on 27 September where they awaited reinformcement. Meanwhile rebel scouts, under the command of Colonel Cornelio Zelaya, defeated a royalist squadron at Pequereque on 19 June. Belgrano named colonel Figueroa as governor of Potosí, colonel Álvarez de Arenales as governor of Cochabamba and colonel Warnes in Santa Cruz. As president of Charcas he named Francisco Antonio Ortiz de Ocampo. Knowing that Goyeneche and Joaquín de la Pezuela, an able and experienced soldier, had the advantage, he negotiated with Goyeneche a 40-day armistice. The Assembly in Buenos Aires and the viceroy of Peru, José Fernando de Abascal, disapproved of this agreement. The royalists attacked by surprise, disregarding the agreement, before the arrival of reinforcements at the Battle of Vilcapugio on 1 October 1813.
The royalist army, commanded by brigadier Joaquín de la Pezuela and with 4,000 men and 12 pieces of artillery confronted a patriot army with a high morale composed of 3,500 men, 14 pieces of artillery and cavalry mounted mostly on mules.
Even though it started as a victory for the rebels the tables turned and they were defeated, retreating to Macha where Belgrano established his headquarters and managed to receive reinforcements following the royalist withdrawal after the rebel success at Tambo Nuevo. He then marched to Ayohuma arriving on 9 November.
Five days later the royalist army arrived, commanded by General Joaquín de la Pezuela, to fight at the Battle of Ayohuma. The rebel army, with 2,000 men and 8 pieces of artillery (even though they counted 3,400 men, 1,400 were not in fighting conditions) they confronted a superior army with 3,500 men and 18 pieces of artillery. The fight was bloody for both sides, with a rebel defeat, but they were not chased by the royalists as they had suffered 500 loses and after a very trying battle. As a consequence of these defeats, Upper Peru returned to royalist control and Belgrano returned to Jujuy.
In January 1814, at Tucumán, Manuel Belgrano was replaced by the then colonel José de San Martín who was put in charge of the 1st Regiment and on the 30 of the month, the government separated Belgrano from the Army of the North and returned to Buenos Aires, where he was arrested and processed, but in the end his merits and accomplishments where recognized and honored. San Martín, quit four months later for health reasons and was replaced by colonel José Rondeau.
Ignacio Warnes liberated Santa Cruz de la Sierra. Warnes and Álvarez de Arenales continued with the resistance in Upper Peru but the first one was killed at El Pari, and the latter obtained victory at La Florida (24 May 1814) and Postrer Valley (4 June), but was later defeated at Sumarpata on 5 August.
The campaign objectives were partially accomplished. The royalist army was not defeated, but they could contain their advance into northern Argentina and keep the revolution going.
Third Auxiliary Campaign to Upper Peru.
After having protected the Argentine north for a year, the Army of the North received orders for a third campaign to Upper Peru (present-day Bolivia). The objective this time was to occupy all of Upper Peru, closing the door on the royalists and therefore establishing the sovereignty of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata. Afterward they planned to continued the advance to Lima to try to liberate the capital of the Viceroyalty of Peru.
Mutiny and new advance on Upper Peru.
While the troops were being prepared to start the third campaign, general Carlos María de Alvear was named as replacement for Rondeau. The Army of the North's officers mutinied and told to Rondeau they would only accept orders from him and disregard Alvear's and they asked him to initiate the campaign. Rondeau accepted and ordered the start of the operation in January 1815. During the first ten months there were some skirmishes against the royalist troops, but never of the size of the previous campaign.
On 19 February they fought the battle of El Tejar, where the patriot vanguard was surprised by the whole of the royalist army. Colonel Martín Rodríguez was captured with his subordinates. Rodríguez was later released in an exchange of prisoners.
The following April, the army stopped at "Puesto del Marqués", a small village that was occupied by royalists forces. General Rondeau, advanced with 500 men defeating the 300 defenders.
Continuing forward with the march into Upper Peru, a reconnaissance group found royalist troops encamped at "Venta y Media" commanded by Olañeta. They prepared a plan to attack them by surprise, but they failed and the royalists escaped. General Joaquín de la Pezuela, the royalist commander, moved his forces back to Oruro, abandoning towns that were later occupied by Rondeau's forces, who took control of Potosí and Charcas and established a headquarters at Chayanta.
Güemes, unhappy with Rondeau, abandoned the army along with his gaucho forces and returned to Salta, carrying with him many of the supplies left in Jujuy.
Defeat at Sipe-Sipe and retreat to Tucumán.
The only great battle of the campaign happened on 29 November 1815. When the patriot army was situated north of Venta y Media, nearing Cochabamba they found the army commanded by General Pezuela and fought the Battle of Sipe-Sipe which ended in a defeat for the rebels. The 3,500 men and 9 artillery pieces could not deal with the 5,100 royalists and 23 artillery pieces and had to escape with about 1,000 casualties, while the royalists only counted 32 dead.
Objectives were not met and the provinces were left surrounded by potential enemies. British and French could arrive by sea, Portuguese from the East and Spaniards from the North. Had they conquered Upper Perú, the biggest threat, the royalists, would have been ended.
In January 1816, Lieutenant Colonel Gregorio Aráoz de Lamadrid was sent to the north, but on 31 January was defeated at Culpina. On 2 February he won a victory at Utarango but was later defeated on 12 February by the San Juan river. Rondeau received an order to retreat to Tucumán. The army, almost beaten, marched for nine months going through Potosí and Humahuaca until reaching Tucumán. On 7 August 1816 at Trancas, Rondeau was replaced again by Manuel Belgrano. Martín Miguel de Güemes was named commander of the northern border.
Belgrano moved the army to the citadel built by San Martín in the city of Tucumán. There he attempted to rebuild the morale, and materials, in search for a new action in Upper Peru, combining with San Martín actions in the Andes.
Fourth Campaign and gaucho war.
The fourth campaign was the last attempt to liberate Upper Peru. Belgrano sent troops with the objective of supporting the resistance in Oruro. The army also intervened in this stage in internecine quarrels.
On 10 December 1816 Belgrano sent La Madrid to quelch the autonomist movement in Santiago del Estero, defeating Juan Francisco Borges's troops at Pitambalá. On 1 January 1817 Borges was executed by firing squad in Santo Domingo by order of the Tucumán Congress.
On 18 March 1817 a troop of 400 soldiers left San Miguel de Tucumán under the command of general La Madrid to advance to Oruro. Once in Upper Peru they were joined by local rebels under the command of Eustaquio Méndez, José María Avilés and Francisco Pérez de Uriondo, who helped to stop reinforcements from reaching Tarija's royalist commander, Mateo Ramírez. On 15 April 1817 the rebels were victorious at the Battle of la Tablada de Tolomosa, taking over Tarija. The victory gave the Army of the North a lot of arms, ammunition, supplies and prisoners, plus over a thousand new volunteers from Upper Peru who joined the army. La Madrid stayed in Tarija until 5 May 1817. He named Francisco Pérez de Uriondo governor of Tarija and marched towards Chuquisaca. In the course of his march, he captured an entire royalist company on Cachimayo hill. La Madrid attacked Chuquisaca on 21 May in a frontal assault, but was beaten off. On 12 June the army was caught by surprise at Sopachuy ( southeast of Chuquisaca) and was defeated after a brief battle. They had to retreat to Salta, by the same road.
Last royalist invasion and death of Güemes.
In August 1817 colonel Olañeta iniated a new invasion with 1,000 men. On 15 August they fought at the second battle of Humahuaca, city evacuated by colonel Arias. On 12 September they fought at Huacalera, where Arias captured royalist prisoners. On 3 January 1818 the royalists retreated to Yavi and returned to Upper Peru. A while later Olañeta and colonel José María Valdez invaded Yavi again with 2,400 men. On 14 January they occupied Jujuy, but had to evacuate on 16 January and returned to Yavi.
On 11 July 1817, commander Mariano Ricafort reoccupied Tarija and committed acts of vengeance against the local population, ordering the burning of the Cabildo and the Tarija Archives.
Colonel José Canterac after pacifying Tarija and Cinti, started a new invasion with three columns under command of Olañeta (through Humahuaca), Vigil (through Orán) and Valdez (through Despoblado). On 26 March the occupied San Salvador de Jujuy for a few hours but had to retreat to Yala under risk of being isolated. Later on they returned to Tupiza.
On 1 February 1820 the Army of the North received orders to abandon Tucumán and go to Buenos Aires to fight the autonomist risings. Defense of the northwest was left to the gaucho soldiers of Güemes.
In February 1820 José Canterac was replaced by Juan Ramírez Orozco as commander of the Royalist forces in Upper Peru. On 12 May Orozco commanding a force of 4,000 men advance to Jujuy, and on 28 May occupied the city, then on 31 May occupied Salta. On 2 June the royalist forces defeated the patriots at Chamical (southwest of the city of Salta). At the battle of Las Cañas lieutenant colonel Rojas was killed but 400 royalist forces were defeated. On 8 June there was a new independentist victory at Cuesta de la Pedrera (southeast of Salta), dispersing 2,000 royalist who retreated to Jujuy. At the battle of Yala another royalist force was defeated and colonel Vigil, their commander, was captured. De La Serna ordered a retreat to Tupiza.
On 15 April 1821 colonel Guillermo Marquiegui entered Jujuy which he had to abandon a while later. On 27 April they fought at León ( north of Yala), where general José Ignacio Gorriti defeated 400 royalists, so Olañeta had to retreat his forces to Tilcara. On 7 June he sent 600 infantry under colonel José María Valdés from Yavi, who marched to Purmamarca and taking side roads bypassed Tres Cruces and Chañi and on 7 June took Salta by surprise, where one of his advance parties wounded Güemes, who died on 17 June 1821 in Chamical. Colonel José Enrique Vidt assume command of Güemes' army. On 22 June Olañeta took Jujuy and advanced to Salta, where finding himself surrounded, he signed an armistice 14 July and returned to Upper Peru.
Olañeta made his last incursion into Argentine territory in June 1822, reaching Volcán ( north of Jujuy). On 6 December 1822 he left Argentina for the last time, therefore ending the royalist invasion.
On 4 August 1824 governor of Salta, general Juan Antonio Álvarez de Arenales, named commandant to general José María Pérez de Urdininea as per a request from marshal Sucre, and ordered him to go to Upper Peru to attack Olañeta from the south, starting his march on 3 January 1825. In March 1825 Álvarez de Arenales started another campaign but when at his headquarters at Tilcara he received the news that lieutenant colonel Carlos Medinaceli had turned to the independentist cause, so he sent Pérez de Urdininea from Humahuaca to support Medinaceli. On 1 April 1825 they fought at Tumusla where Medinaceli defeated Olañeta, finally liberating Upper Peru.
Component units of the Army of the North.
July–August 1810
November–December 1810
March 1812

</doc>
<doc id="18951850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951850" title="1948 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1948 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The 1948 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship was the 62nd staging of the All-Ireland hurling championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1887. The championship began on 16 May 1948 and ended on 5 September 1948.
Kilkenny were the defending champions, however, they were defeated in the provincial championship. Waterford won the All-Ireland crown for the first time in their history, following a 6-7 to 4-2 defeat of Dublin in the final.
Format.
The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship was run on a provincial basis as usual. All games were played on a knockout basis whereby once a team lost they were eliminated from the championship. The format for the All-Ireland series of games ran as follows: 

</doc>
<doc id="18951886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951886" title="New Life Christian Center">
New Life Christian Center

New Life Christian Center (NLCC, known as New Life) is a church in the Philippines. Its headquarters is based in Alabang, Muntinlupa City, Metro Manila, Philippines. It has one main center in Alabang, and smaller branches in La Trinidad, Benguet, Baguio City, Tondo, Manila, Caloocan City, Fort Bonifacio, Santa Rosa City, Laguna, Bacoor, Cavite, Tanza, Cavite, San Pablo, Laguna, Calapan, Oriental Mindoro, Cadiz, Negros Occidental, Dumaguete City, Cebu, Samar, Leyte, Iligan City and other parts of the Philippines.
History.
New Life Christian Center, Alabang began as a small bible study group in September 1990 by Ptr. Paul Chase and his wife, Shoddy are missionaries from the U.S. since they moved to Manila.. The first church service started eight months later, on May 5, 1991. The church attracted visitors caused the membership of the church to increase throughout the years. In 2011, the Alabang New Life celebrated their 20th year anniversary of their church. Under the umbrella of New Life Christian Center, Alabang there are 33 Satellite Churches including Nepal and Kalibo as adopted churches.
Ptr. Paul sums up the vision and mission of the church with the following statement:
Beliefs.
The church lists its beliefs in its official statement of faith. Below is the full text of the statement.
Location.
NLCC - Alabang: Located at 2 Don Manolo Boulevard, near San Beda College - Alabang at Alabang Hills Village, it has a current population of over 5,000 worshipers.
Events.
The church is holding two events annually, Life Conference every summer (April or May) which started last 2008 and Pastors' Conference during October. The Life Conference is an annual congregation of youth from satellite churches all over the Philippines, together with youth from Faith Tabernacle churches in Mindanao. Youth delegates from overseas churches like Myanmar and the United States also join the annual congregation. The Pastors' Conference, on the other hand, targets pastors from satellite churches and equips them with sound doctrine. Guest speakers like pastors and preachers from other countries join both events.
There is also a presentation held relating to the Christian holidays such as Easter and Christmas. Attendance is usually the highest during these presentations as church members are encouraged to bring in visitors.
Broadcasts.
The church broadcasts its preaching services through its flagship television program, This New Life. This New Life aired originally on DZOE-TV which aired every Sunday mornings. The gospel show was transferred to IBC-13 in 2005 which airs every Sunday mornings (originally aired on midnight of Wednesdays), and also aired and launched in February 2009 on TV5 (formerly ABC-5), the show was discontinued due to reformatting again of TV5 and it was moved back to its current broadcast airs every Saturday afternoon on Channel 13.
Broadcasts of Sunday services are available through YouTube via their account http://www.youtube.com/user/nwlifemedia. The church also maintains accounts in social networking sites such as Facebook.

</doc>
<doc id="18951887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951887" title="Davey Tree Expert Company">
Davey Tree Expert Company

The Davey Tree Expert Company is a privately held company that provides tree and lawn care services throughout the United States and Canada. It is the largest residential tree care company in North America. It was incorporated in 1909 in Kent, Ohio by John Davey, who is considered the father of the science of tree surgery. The company's core services include tree, shrub and lawn care, utility services, large tree moving, commercial grounds management and consulting services. It has been employee owned since 1979 and is the largest employee-owned company in the state of Ohio and one of the top 20 largest in the United States. More than 7,000 people work for Davey in 45 U.S. states and six Canadian provinces.

</doc>
<doc id="18951895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951895" title="LiveWire Chicago Theatre">
LiveWire Chicago Theatre

LiveWire Chicago Theatre is an Illinois not-for-profit theater arts organization based in Chicago. LiveWire, established in 2006, is a collective company of artists with a common drive to develop theatre that is unique and vital to the world we live in. Their mission is to expose honesty in the modern theatre of both new and established playwrights.
Past seasons have included the works of Jean-Paul Sartre "No Exit", Timberlake Wertenbaker "Love of the Nightingale", Mark Healy's adaptation of John Fowles' novel "The Collector" and original work "A/other Lover", "Soldiers: The Desert Stand" by Joshua Aaron Weinstein, "VisionFest 2008", Eric Bogosian's "Red Angel" and David Lindsay-Abaire's "Wonder of the World".
The company has received three Jeff Recommendations and has been nominated twice. Their upcoming 2009–2010 season includes their second annual festival of short plays, "VisionFest 2009" and the World Premiere of "Lower Debt" by Joshua Aaron Weinstein, which the company will develop as part of the Chicago Department of Cultural Affairs INCUBATOR Series in the Fall then fully mount in the Spring of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18951901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951901" title="Darling Tennis Center">
Darling Tennis Center

The Darling Tennis Center or the Amanda and Stacy Darling Tennis Center is a multi court facility that is used for community activities and Association of Tennis Professionals tournaments. The courts are operated by the City of Las Vegas as a part of the Charlie Kellogg and Joe Zaher Sports Complex.
The Center is home to the Tennis Channel Open and is the largest tennis center in the state of Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="18951904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951904" title="Karg Brothers">
Karg Brothers

The Karg Brothers are an acoustic rock duo with a country music edge based out of Nashville, TN.
Richard Karg and Andy Karg began performing as a duo billed as The Karg Boys in 2003.
In July 2005, Universal Music Publishing signed the band to a developmental deal. This gave the band access to Universal Music Publishing's facilities in Nashville's Music Row, a location where they have recorded many of their songs.
While performing at a singer-songwriter night at the Bluebird Cafe in Nashville in 2005, Richard and Andy performed and were spotted by Angie Cooper, an advertising saleswoman from North Carolina. She was impressed with their performance and helped to book them some shows in the southeastern portion of North Carolina, allowing the band to begin to build a regional following.
In March 2006, the duo performed at the South By Southwest music industry festival in Austin, TX. From there, Rich and Andy were chosen from among hundreds of other bands to perform live on Garrison Keillor's A Prairie Home Companion radio show in April 2007, which was broadcast live on radio stations across the United States. In the summer of 2007, the band released a home-produced, self-titled CD.
The Karg Boys made their national television debut in April 2008 on Country music cable outlet CMT. They appeared on four episodes of the cable network's show Can You Duet. At that point the band began to spread out into new markets, including Key West, FL and Memphis, TN.
In May 2008, the band rebranded itself as The Karg Brothers. The group re-released its initial self-titled release "The Karg Boys" as "The Karg Brothers", and in June 2008 the band released its second full-length CD, "What We Do To Ourselves".
On July 4, 2008, The Karg Brothers opened for Lee Ann Womack at Camp Lejeune, NC.

</doc>
<doc id="18951905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951905" title="Argentina">
Argentina

Argentina , officially the Argentine Republic ( ) is a federal republic located in southeastern South America. Covering most of the Southern Cone, it is bordered by Bolivia and Paraguay to the north; Brazil to the northeast; Uruguay and the South Atlantic Ocean to the east; Chile to the west and the Drake Passage to the south.
With a mainland area of , Argentina is the eighth-largest country in the world, the second largest in Latin America and the largest Spanish-speaking nation.
Argentina claims sovereignty over part of Antarctica, the Falkland Islands (), South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands.
A historical and current middle power and a prominent Latin American and Southern Cone regional power, Argentina is one of the G-15 and G-20 major economies and Latin America's third-largest. It is also a founding member of the United Nations, WBG, WTO, Mercosur, UNASUR, CELAC and OEI. 
Because of its stability, market size and increasing share of the high-tech sector, Argentina is classed by investors as a middle emerging economy with a "very high" rating on the Human Development Index.
The earliest recorded human presence in the area now known as Argentina is dated from the Paleolithic period. The Spanish colonization began in 1512. Argentina rose as the successor state of the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata, a Spanish overseas colony founded in 1776. The declaration and fight for independence (1810–1818) was followed by an extended civil war that lasted until 1861, which ended with the country's reorganization as a federation of provinces with Buenos Aires as its capital city. From then on–while massive European immigration waves radically reshaped its cultural and demographic outlook–Argentina enjoyed an historically almost-unparalleled increase in prosperity: by the early 20th century it already ranked as the seventh wealthiest developed nation in the world.
After 1930, however, and despite remaining among the fifteen richest countries until mid-century, it descended into political instability and suffered periodic economic crisis that sank it back into underdevelopment.
Name and etymology.
The name "Argentina" is derived from Latin "argentum" ("silver", "plata" in Spanish), a noun associated with the silver mountains legend, widespread among the first European explorers of the La Plata Basin.
The first written use of the name can be traced to "La Argentina", a 1602 poem by Martín del Barco Centenera describing the region and the foundation of Buenos Aires. 
Although "Argentina" was already in common usage by the 18th century, the country was formally named "Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata" by the Spanish Empire, and "United Provinces of the Río de la Plata" after independence.
The 1826 constitution included the first use of the name "Argentine Republic" in legal documents.
The name "Argentine Confederation" was also commonly used and was formalized in the Argentine Constitution of 1853. 
In 1860 a presidential decree settled the country's name as "Argentine Republic", 
and that year's constitutional amendment ruled all the names since 1810 as legally valid. 
In the English language, the country was traditionally called "the Argentine", mimicking the typical Spanish usage "la Argentina". This fell out of fashion during the mid to late 20th century, and now the country is simply referred to as "Argentina".
History.
Pre-Columbian era.
The area now known as Argentina was relatively sparsely populated until the period of European colonization. The earliest traces of human life are dated from the Paleolithic period, and there are further traces in the Mesolithic and Neolithic. However, large areas of the interior and piedmont were apparently depopulated during an extensive dry period between 4000 and 2000 BC.
The Uruguayan archaeologist Raúl Campá Soler divided the indigenous peoples in Argentina into three main groups: basic hunters and food gatherers, without development of pottery, advanced hunters and food gatherers, and farmers with pottery. The second group could be found in the Pampa and south of Patagonia, and the third one included the Charrúas and Minuane people and the Guaraníes.
Some of the different groups included the Onas at Tierra del Fuego, the Yámana at the archipelago between the Beagle Channel and Cape Horn, Tehuelches in the Patagonia, many peoples at the litoral, Guaycurúes and Wichis at Chaco. The Guaraníes had expanded across large areas of South America, but settled at the northeastern provinces of Argentina. The Toba (Komlek) nation and the Diaguita which included the Calchaqui and the Quilmes lived in the North and the Comechingones in what is today the province of Cordoba. The Charrua (which included the Minuane people), Yaros, Bohanes and Chanás (and Chaná-Timbú) were located in the actual territory of Entre Ríos and the Querandí in Buenos Aires.
Spanish colonial era.
Europeans first arrived in the region with the 1502 voyage of Amerigo Vespucci. The Spanish navigator Juan Díaz de Solís visited the territory which is now Argentina in 1516. In 1536 Pedro de Mendoza established a small settlement at the modern location of Buenos Aires, which was abandoned in 1541.
A second one was established 1580 by Juan de Garay, and Córdoba in 1573 by Jerónimo Luis de Cabrera. Those regions were part of the Viceroyalty of Peru, whose capital was Lima, and settlers arrived from that city. Unlike the other regions of South America, the colonization of the Río de la Plata estuary was not influenced by any gold rush, since it lacked any precious metals to mine.
The first European explorer, Juan Díaz de Solís, arrived on the Río de la Plata in 1516. Spain established the Viceroyalty of Peru, encompassing all its holdings in South America. Buenos Aires was established in 1536 but was destroyed by natives. The city was established again in 1580. The colonization of modern Argentina came from 3 different directions: from Paraguay, establishing the Governorate of the Río de la Plata, from Peru and from Chile.
Buenos Aires became the capital of the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata in 1776, with territories from the Viceroyalty of Peru. Buenos Aires and Montevideo resisted two ill-fated British invasions in 1806 and 1807. The resistance was headed both times by the French Santiago de Liniers, who would become viceroy through popular support. The ideas of the Age of Enlightenment and the example of the Atlantic Revolutions generated criticism to the Absolute monarchy. The overthrow of the Spanish King Ferdinand VII during the Peninsular War created great concern in the Americas, so many cities deposed the monarchic authorities and appointed new ones, working under the new political ideas. This started the Spanish American wars of independence across the continent. Buenos Aires deposed the viceroy Baltasar Hidalgo de Cisneros in 1810, during the May Revolution.
Independence and civil wars.
The May Revolution of 1810 established the "First Junta", a new government in Buenos Aires composed by locals. The Junta fought against Linier's Counter Revolution in Córdoba, and other royalists in Upper Peru and Paraguay. It also supported the rebellions at the "Banda Oriental". The military campaigns were defeated, so Buenos Aires signed an armistice with the loyalist authorities in Montevideo. Paraguay stayed neutral during the remainder of the conflict, Upper Peru stood loyal to the King, and the "Banda Oriental" would be captured by William Brown during renewed hostilities.
The Argentine Declaration of Independence was issued by the Congress of Tucumán in 1816, and was immediately followed by the war of independence. General Martín Miguel de Güemes kept royalists at bay on the North, while José de San Martín took an army across the Andes, thus securing the independence of Chile. With the Chilean navy at his disposal he then took the fight to the royalist stronghold of Lima. San Martín's military campaigns, together with those of Simón Bolívar in Gran Colombia are collectively known as the Spanish American wars of independence.
The 1820 Battle of Cepeda, fought between the Centralists and the Federal Parties, resulted in the end of the centralized national authority and in the reign of anarchy. Between 1825 and 1830 there was a War with Brazil, that ended with the independence of Uruguay and Bernardino Rivadavia was appointed the first President of Argentina. He then resigned, so Centralists and Federalists resumed the civil war. The provinces at last settled a loose Argentine Confederation that lacked a common head of state. They would instead delegate some important powers to Juan Manuel de Rosas, the governor of Buenos Aires Province, such as foreign debt payment and international relations.
Juan Manuel de Rosas ruled from 1829 to 1832, and from 1835 to 1852. After 1835 he received the "Sum of public power", which was later denounced as despotic and condemned in the Constitution. He faced a French blockade from 1838 to 1840, the War of the Confederation in the north, and a combined Anglo-French blockade from 1845 to 1850. Rosas remained undefeated during this series of conflicts and prevented further loss of national territory. His refusal to enact a national constitution, pursuant to the Federal pact, led to Entre Ríos governor Justo José de Urquiza to turn against Rosas and defeat him at Caseros. He then sanctioned the Constitution of Argentina of 1853. Rejecting it, the Province of Buenos Aires seceded from the Confederation and became the State of Buenos Aires. The subsequent war lasted nearly a decade, and ended with the victory of Buenos Aires at the battle of Pavón.
Buenos Aires rejoined the Confederation, and Bartolomé Mitre was elected the first president of the unified country in 1862. During his term, the Paraguayan President Francisco Solano López invaded two Argentine Provinces and headed for Uruguay. Mitre, with Uruguay and Brazil, waged the War of the Triple Alliance, that left over 300,000 dead and devastated Paraguay.
After Mitre the Presidents were Domingo Faustino Sarmiento and Nicolás Avellaneda. The latter federalized the City of Buenos Aires, and separated it from the rest of the Province. He also led the Conquest of the Desert, waged by Julio Argentino Roca in the 1870s. With this military operation, Argentina seized control of Patagonia.
Rise of a modern nation.
The basis of modern Argentina was established by the "Generation of '80", a conservative and elitist movement that opposed Mitre, sought to industrialize the country, and promoted a massive wave of European immigration that led to the strengthening of the state, the development of modern agriculture and to a near-reinvention of Argentine society and economy. The country emerged as one of the ten richest countries in the world, benefiting from an agricultural export-led economy as well as British and French investment. Driven by immigration and decreasing mortality the Argentine population grew fivefold and the economy 15-fold. However, they were slow to meet its original goals of industrialization, and the country stayed as a pre-industrial society.
President Juárez Celman faced a financial crisis led by market speculation and excessive money printing, that generated popular discontent and the Revolution of the Park in 1890, led by the Civic Union. Although the revolution failed, Celman resigned from the presidency.
In 1912 President Roque Sáenz Peña enacted universal male suffrage and the secret ballot. This allowed Hipólito Yrigoyen, of the Civic Union, to win the elections in 1916. He enacted social and economic reforms and extended assistance to family farmers and small businesses. Argentina stayed neutral during World War I. The second administration of Yrigoyen faced a huge economic crisis, influenced by the international Great Depression. The military made a coup d'état and ousted him from power. The following period is known as the "Infamous Decade". General José Félix Uriburu led the military rule for two years. Agustín Pedro Justo was elected with fraud, and signed a controversial treaty with the United Kingdom. Presidents Roberto María Ortiz and Ramón Castillo stayed neutral during World War II. Britain supported the Argentine neutrality, but after the attack on Pearl Harbor the United States requested all of South America to join the Allied Nations. Castillo was finally deposed by the "Revolution of '43", a new military coup that wanted to end the electoral fraud of the last decade. Argentina declared war on the Axis Powers a month before the end of World War II in Europe. The minister of welfare of the military dictatorship, Juan Perón, became highly popular among workers. He was fired and jailed, but a massive demonstration forced his liberation. Perón ran for the presidency in 1946, and won by 53.1%.
Perón created a political movement known as Peronism. He nationalized strategic industries and services, improved wages and working conditions, paid the full external debt and achieved nearly full employment. The economy, however, began to decline in 1950 because of over-expenditure. His wife Eva Perón was highly popular and played a central political role, mostly through the Eva Perón Foundation, where she developed an unprecedented social assistance to the most vulnerable sectors of society in Argentina. Women's suffrage was granted in 1947. However, her declining health did not allow her to run for the vice-presidency in 1951, and she died of cancer the following year. The navy began to plot against Perón in 1955, and bombed the Plaza de Mayo in an ill-fated attempt to kill him. A few months later, Perón resigned during an army coup, which established the "Liberating Revolution". Perón left the country, and finally settled in Spain.
60s and 70s.
The Revolution was led by catholic-nationalistic Eduardo Lonardi. He refused to outlaw Peronism, so his faction was overthrown twenty days later by Pedro Eugenio Aramburu, who proscribed Peronism and banned all manifestations of it. Peronism, however, did not disappear, as Peronists kept being organized in informal associations. Arturo Frondizi from the UCR became popular by opposing the military rule, and won the following elections. The military, however, was reluctant to allow Peronism to influence the new government: they frequently interfered on behalf of conservative interests, with some success. His policies encouraged investment to make the country self-sufficient in energy and industry, helping reverse a chronic trade deficit for Argentina. His efforts to stay on good terms with both Peronists and the military, without fully supporting either one, earned him the distrust and rejection of both. Frondizi lifted the Peronist proscription, leading to a Peronist victory in several provinces. A new coup ousted him from power, but a swift reaction by José María Guido (president of the Senate) applied the laws related to power vacuums and became president instead of the military. The elections were then repealed and Peronism proscribed again. Arturo Illia was elected in 1963 but, despite prosperity, his attempts to include Peronists in the political process resulted in the armed forces retaking power in a coup in 1966. The "Argentine Revolution", the new military government, sought to rule in Argentina indefinitely.
The new military Junta appointed Juan Carlos Onganía as president. He closed the Congress, banned all political parties and dismantled all student unions and many worker unions. Popular discontent led to two massive protests in 1969, the "Cordobazo" in Córdoba and the "Rosariazo" in Rosario. In May 1970, the terrorist organization Montoneros kidnapped and executed the former de facto president, Aramburu. There was a public outcry against this crime. Onganía was replaced by Roberto M. Levingston in June 1970.
In March 1971, Levingston was then replaced by Alejandro Agustín Lanusse, who began negotiations to return to democracy and end the proscription of Peronism. Initially, he sought to allow Peronism but not the return of Juan Perón himself (who was living in Spain) with an agreement stipulating presidential candidates reside in Argentina as of 25 August. Thus, the Peronist candidate was not Perón but Héctor José Cámpora, who won the elections by the 49.59%.
The return of Peronism to power saw violent disputes between its internal factions: right-wing union leaders and left-wing youth from Montoneros. The return of Perón to the country in June 1973 generated an violent conflict among peronists: the Ezeiza massacre. Overwhelmed by political violence, Cámpora and his vice-president resigned. In the following elections Perón was elected, with his wife Isabel as vice-president. Before Peron took office the Montoneros murdered the union leader José Ignacio Rucci, with close ties to Perón. Perón expelled them from the party, and they became once again a clandestine organization. José López Rega organized the Argentine Anticommunist Alliance (AAA) to fight against them and the People's Revolutionary Army (ERP). In July 1974 Perón died and was succeeded by his wife. The "Operation Independence" stopped a guerrilla attempt to capture and secede the territories of Tucumán from Argentina. A presidential decree ordered the military to "annihilate the subversion". Chaos reigned through the country and the military made a last coup d'état on 24 March 1976, under the direction of Jorge Videla.
The National Reorganization Process closed the Congress, removed the members of the Supreme Court, and banned political parties, unions, student unions, etc. It also intensified measures against the ERP and Montoneros, who had kidnapped and murdered people almost weekly since 1970. The military resorted to the forced disappearance of suspected members of the guerrillas, and began to prevail in the war. The losses of Montoneros by the end of 1976 were near 2000. The Junta tried to increase its popularity with the Beagle conflict and the 1978 FIFA World Cup. As of 1977, the ERP was completely defeated. Montoneros was severely weakened, but launched a massive counterattack in 1979. It was defeated, ending the guerrilla threat, but the military Junta stayed in government. Leopoldo Galtieri launched the Falklands War (), attempting to annex the islands, but within two months Argentina was defeated by the United Kingdom. Galtieri left the government because of the military defeat, and Reynaldo Bignone began to organize the transition to democratic rule, with the free elections in 1983.
Contemporary era.
In the 1983 electoral campaign Alfonsín called to national unity, restoration of democratic rule and prosecution of those responsible for the dirty war. He established the National Commission on the Disappearance of Persons (CONADEP) to investigate the forced disappearances. The CONADEP generated a report detailing 340 centers of illegal detentions and 8961 forced disappearances. The 1985 Trial of the Juntas sentenced all the heads of government of those years. An economic crisis that led to an hyperinflation reduced his popular support. The Peronist Carlos Menem won the 1989 elections, but riots caused by the economic crisis forced Alfonsín to resign early, handing government to Menem.
Carlos Menem led a change in Peronism, which declined its usual politics and embraced neoliberalism instead. A fixed exchange rate established in 1991, the dismantling of protectionist barriers, business regulations and several privatizations normalized the economy for a time. His victories at the 1991 and 1993 elections led to the 1994 amendment of the Argentine Constitution, which allowed him to run for a second term. He was reelected, but the economy began to decline in 1996, with higher unemployment and recession. He lost the 1997 elections, and the UCR returned to the presidency in the 1999 elections.
President Fernando de la Rúa sought to change the political style of Menem, but kept his economic plan regardless of the growing recession. He appointed Domingo Cavallo, who had already been minister of economy during the presidency of Menem. The social discontent led to the appearance of "piqueteros" and huge blank votes in the 2001 legislative elections. A huge capital flight was responded to with a freezing of bank accounts, generating further discontent. Several riots in the country led the president to establish a state of emergency, received with more popular protests. The huge riots in December finally forced De la Rúa to resign.
Eduardo Duhalde was appointed president by the Legislative Assembly, and derogated the fixed exchange rate established by Menem. The economic crisis began to diminish by the late 2002. The death of two "piqueteros" caused a political scandal that forced Duhalde to call to elections earlier. Carlos Menem got the majority of the votes, followed by Néstor Kirchner, who was largely unknown by the people, but would maintain Lavagna as minister. However, Menem declined to run for the required ballotage, which made Kirchner the new president.
Following the economic policies laid by Duhalde and Lavagna, Kirchner ended the economic crisis, getting fiscal and trade surpluses. During his administration, Argentina restructured its defaulted debt with a steep discount (about 66%) on most bonds, paid off debts with the International Monetary Fund and nationalized some previously privatized enterprises. He did not run for a reelection, promoting instead the candidacy of his wife Cristina Fernández de Kirchner.
The presidency of Cristina Kirchner began with a conflict with the agricultural sector, caused by an attempt to increase the taxes over exports. The conflict was taken to the Congress, and vice-president Julio Cobos gave an unexpected tie-breaking vote against the bill. The government waged several controversies with the press, limiting the freedom of speech. Néstor Kirchner died in 2010, and Cristina Fernández was reelected in 2011.
Geography.
With a mainland surface area of , Argentina is located in southern South America, sharing land borders with Chile across the Andes to the west; Bolivia and Paraguay to the north; Brazil to the northeast, Uruguay and the South Atlantic Ocean to the east; and the Drake Passage to the south; for an overall land border length of . Its coastal border over Rio de la Plata and South Atlantic Ocean is long.
Argentina's highest point is Mount Aconcagua in the Mendoza province ( above sea level), also the highest point in the Southern and Western Hemispheres.
The lowest point is Laguna del Carbón in Santa Cruz Province ( below sea level, also the lowest point in the Southern and Western Hemispheres, and the seventh lowest point on Earth) 
The northernmost point is at the confluence of the Grande de San Juan and Mojinete rivers in Jujuy province; the southernmost is Cape San Pío in Tierra del Fuego Province; the easternmost is northeast of Bernardo de Irigoyen, Misiones and the westernmost is in Los Glaciares National Park in Santa Cruz province. 
The maximum north-south distance is , while the maximum east-west one is .
Some of the major rivers are the Paraná, Uruguay (which join to form the Río de la Plata), Paraguay, Salado, Negro, Santa Cruz, Pilcomayo, Bermejo and Colorado.
The Argentine Sea is the shallow area of the Atlantic Ocean over the Argentine Shelf, an unusually wide continental platform. Its waters are influenced by two major ocean currents: the warm Brazil Current and the cold Falklands Current.
Climate.
The generally temperate climate ranges from subtropical in the north to subpolar in the far south. The north is characterized by very hot, humid summers with mild drier winters, and is subject to periodic droughts. Central Argentina has a temperate climate, with hot summers with thunderstorms, and cool winters; and higher moisture at the east. The southern regions have warm summers and cold winters with heavy snowfall, especially in mountainous zones.
Major wind currents include the cool Pampero Winds blowing on the flat plains of Patagonia and the "Pampas"; following the cold front, warm currents blow from the north in middle and late winter, creating mild conditions. The Zonda, a hot dry wind, affects west-central Argentina. Squeezed of all moisture during the descent from the Andes, Zonda winds can blow for hours with gusts up to , fueling wildfires and causing damage; when the Zonda blows (June–November), snowstorms and blizzard ("viento blanco") conditions usually affect higher elevations. The Sudestada usually moderates cold temperatures but brings very heavy rains, rough seas and coastal flooding. It is most common in late autumn and winter along the central coast and in the Río de la Plata estuary.
Biodiversity.
In the North, subtropical plants dominate the Gran Chaco. Savannah-like areas exist in the drier regions nearer the Andes, as well as many species of cactus. In central Argentina the "humid pampas" are a true tallgrass prairie ecosystem. The original pampa had virtually no trees; only a tree-like bush called Ombú. The pampa is one of the most agriculturally productive zones on Earth, this caused the destruction of much of the original ecosystem, to make way for commercial agriculture.
Most of Patagonia lies within the rain shadow of the Andes, so the flora, shrubby bushes and plants, is suited to dry conditions. Coniferous forests in far western Patagonia and on the island of Tierra del Fuego, include alerce and pehuén. Among Patagonian broadleaf trees are several species of "Nothofagus" such as coihue. In Cuyo semiarid thorny bushes and other xerophile plants abound. The area presents optimal conditions for the large scale growth of grape vines.
Prominent animals from the subtropical north include big cats like jaguars, pumas, howler monkeys, crocodiles, and the Tegu. There are a wide variety of birds, notably hummingbirds, flamingos, toucans, and swallows. The central grasslands are populated by the giant anteater, armadillo, pampas cat, and the rhea ("ñandú"), a large flightless bird. Hawks, falcons, and tinamous ("perdiz", Argentine "false partridges") inhabit the region. There are also pampas deer and pampas foxes. The western mountains are home to different animals like the llama. Also in that region live viscachas, Andean Mountain Cats, and the largest flying bird in the Americas, the Andean Condor. Southern Argentina is home to the puma, huemul, and pudú – the world's smallest deer. The coast of Patagonia is rich in animal life: elephant seals, fur seals, sea lions and species of penguin.
Government.
Argentina is a federal constitutional republic and representative democracy. The government is regulated by a system of checks and balances defined by the Constitution of Argentina, the country's supreme legal document. The seat of government is the city of Buenos Aires, as designated by Congress. Suffrage is universal, equal, secret and mandatory.
The federal government is composed of three branches:
Political divisions.
Argentina is a federation of twenty-three provinces and one autonomous city, Buenos Aires. The administrative divisions of the provinces are the departments, and the municipalities, except for Buenos Aires Province, which is divided into partidos. The City of Buenos Aires is divided into communes. The provinces hold all the power that is not specifically delegated to the national government.
Provinces must be representative republics and must not contradict the Constitution and federal laws. Beyond this they are fully autonomous: they enact their own constitutions, freely organize their local governments and own and manage their resources. Some provinces have bicameral provincial legislatures, while others have unicameral ones.
During the Argentine War of Independence the main cities and their surrounding countrysides became provinces, though the intervention of their cabildos. The anarchy of the year XX completed this process, shaping the original thirteen provinces. Jujuy seceded from Salta in 1834, to become the fourteenth province. In 1860, after seceding for a decade, Buenos Aires accepted the Constitution of 1853. The city of Buenos Aires became a federal territory in 1880.
An 1862 law determined that the territories under control of Argentina but outside the frontiers of the provinces would be called "national territories". In 1884 this resulted in the establishment of the "national territories" of Misiones, Formosa, Chaco, La Pampa, Neuquén, Río Negro, Chubut, Santa Cruz and Tierra del Fuego. The agreement about a frontier dispute with Chile in 1900 created the national territory of Los Andes, whose territories were incorporated into Jujuy, Salta and Catamarca in 1943. La Pampa and Chaco became provinces in 1951. Misiones did so in 1953, and Formosa, Neuquén, Río Negro, Chubut and Santa Cruz in 1955. The last national territory, Tierra del Fuego, became a province in 1990.
Foreign relations.
Foreign policy is officially handled by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, International Trade and Worship, which answers to the President. 
An historical and current middle power, Argentina bases its foreign policies on the guiding principles of non-intervention, human rights, self-determination, international cooperation, disarmament and peaceful settlement of conflicts.
One of the G-15 and G-20 major economies of the world, it is also a founding member of the UN, WBG, WTO and OAS.
In 2012 Argentina was elected again to a two-year non-permanent position on the United Nations Security Council and is participating in major peacekeeping operations in Haiti, Cyprus, Western Sahara and the Middle East.
As a prominent Latin American and Southern Cone regional power, Argentina co-founded OEI, CELAC and UNASUR, of which the former president Néstor Kirchner was first Secretary General.
Argentina is also a founding member of the Mercosur block, having Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay and Venezuela as partners. Since 2002 the country has emphasized its key role in Latin American integration, and the block—which has some supranational legislative functions—is its first international priority.
Argentina claims in Antarctica, which overlaps claims by Chile and the United Kingdom,
though all such claims fall under the provisions of the 1961 Antarctic Treaty, of which Argentina is a founding signatory and permanent consulting member, with the Antarctic Treaty Secretariat being based in Buenos Aires. 
Argentina disputes sovereignty over the Falkland Islands (), and South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, which are administered by the United Kingdom as Overseas Territories.
Military.
The Armed Forces are controlled by the President and a civilian Minister of Defense. In addition to the army, navy and air force, there are also two forces controlled by the Interior Ministry: the National Gendarmerie, which guards borders and places of strategic importance; and the Naval Prefecture, a coast guard which protects major rivers and maritime territory.
The armed forces of Argentina number about 70,000 active duty personnel, one third fewer than before the return to democracy in 1983. The age for enlistment in the volunteer military is from 16 to 23 years old.
Historically, Argentina's military has been one of the best equipped in the region (for example, developing its own jet fighters as early as the 1950s); but recently it has faced sharper expenditure cutbacks than most other Latin American armed forces. Real military expenditures declined steadily after 1981 and though there have been recent increases, the defense budget is now around US$3 billion.
Traditionally, Argentina maintains close defense cooperation and military-supply relationships with the United States, and to a lesser extent, with Israel, Germany, France, Spain, and Italy.
Economy.
Benefiting from rich natural resources, a highly literate population, an export-oriented agricultural sector and a diversified industrial base, the economy of Argentina is Latin America's third-largest. It has a "very high" rating on the Human Development Index and a relatively high GDP per capita, with a considerable internal market size and a growing share of the high-tech sector.
A middle emerging economy and one of the world's top developing nations, Argentina is a member of the G-20 major economies. Historically, however, its economic performance has been very uneven, with high economic growth alternating with severe recessions, income maldistribution and—in the recent decades—increasing poverty. Early in the 20th century Argentina achieved development, rose to the seventh place among the world's richest countries and became the wealthiest in the Southern Hemisphere. Although managing to keep a place among the top fifteen economies until mid-century, it suffered a long and steady decline and now it's just an upper middle-income country.
High inflation—a weakness of the Argentine economy for decades—has become a trouble once again, with 2013 rates between the official 10.2% and the privately-estimated 25%, causing heated public debate. The government has manipulated inflation statistics. Income distribution, having improved since 2002, is classified as "medium", still considerably unequal.
Argentina ranks 102nd out of 178 countries in the Transparency International Corruption Perceptions Index for 2012.
Industry.
Manufacturing is the largest single sector in the nation's economy (19% of GDP), and is well-integrated into Argentine agriculture, with half the nation's industrial exports being agricultural in nature. Based on food processing and textiles during its early development in the first half of the 20th century, industrial production has become highly diversified in Argentina. Leading sectors by production value are: Food processing and beverages; motor vehicles and auto parts; refinery products, and biodiesel; chemicals and pharmaceuticals; steel and aluminum; and industrial and farm machinery; electronics and home appliances. These latter include over three million big ticket items, as well as an array of electronics, kitchen appliances and cellular phones, among others. The country's auto industry produced 829,000 motor vehicles in 2011, and exported 507,000 (mainly to Brazil, which in turn exported a somewhat larger number to Argentina). Beverages are another significant sector, and Argentina has long been among the top five wine producing countries in the world; beer overtook wine production in 2000, and today leads by nearly two billion liters a year to one.
Other manufactured goods include: glass and cement; plastics and tires; lumber products; textiles; tobacco products; recording and print media; furniture; apparel and leather. Most manufacturing is organized around 280 industrial parks, with another 190 slated to open during 2012. Nearly half the industries are based in the Greater Buenos Aires area, although Córdoba, Rosario, and Ushuaia are also significant industrial centers; the latter city became the nation's leading center of electronics production during the 1980s. The production of computers, laptops, and servers grew by 160% in 2011, to nearly 3.4 million units, and covered two-thirds of local demand. Another important rubric historically dominated by imports – farm machinery – will likewise mainly be manufactured domestically by 2014.
Construction permits nationwide covered nearly 19 million m² (205 million ft²) in 2008. The construction sector accounts for over 5% of GDP, and two-thirds of the construction was for residential buildings.
Argentine electric output totaled over 122 billion Kwh in 2009. This was generated in large part through well developed natural gas and hydroelectric resources. Nuclear energy is also of high importance, and the country is one of the largest producers and exporters, alongside Canada and Russia of cobalt-60, a radioactive isotope widely used in cancer therapy.
Transport.
Transport in Argentina is mainly based on a complex network of routes, crossed by relatively inexpensive long-distance buses and by cargo trucks. The country also has a number of national and international airports. The importance of the long-distance train is minor today, though in the past it was widely used. Fluvial transport is mostly used for cargo.
Within the urban areas, the main transportation system is uy the bus or colectivo; bus lines transport millions of people every day in the larger cities and their metropolitan areas. Buenos Aires additionally has an underground, the only one in the country, and Greater Buenos Aires is serviced by a system of suburban trains.
A majority of people employ public transport rather than personal cars to move around in the cities, especially in common business hours, since parking can be both difficult and expensive.
Cycling is not very common in big cities, as there are few bicycle-paths, making it difficult to move with them other than in recreational areas.
Since Argentina is almost 4,000 kilometres long and more than 1,000 km wide, long distance transportation is of great importance. Several toll expressways spread out from Buenos Aires, serving nearly half the nation's population. The majority of Argentine roads, however, are two-lane national and provincial routes and, though they are spread throughout the country, less than a third of Argentina's 230,000 km (145,000 mi) of roads are currently paved.
Argentina is home to around 9.2 million registered cars, trucks and buses; on a per capita basis, it has long had Latin America's widest accessibility to motor vehicles. Left-lane drivers until 1945, Argentine motorists have since been driving on the right-hand side. The Vehicle registration plates of Argentina are based on a three letters-three numbers per car (with the exception of some trucks) system.
Expressways have been recently doubled in length and now link most important cities. The most important of these is the Panamerican National Route 9 Buenos Aires–Rosario–Córdoba freeway. Argentine long distance buses are fast, affordable and comfortable; they have become the primary means of long-distance travel since railway privatizations in the early 1990s greatly downsized Argentina's formerly ubiquitous passenger rail service. Competing providers differ little on their time-honoured formula, offering three different services regarding the number of stops and type of seats: the "Regular", "Semi-cama" (semi-bed), and "Cama" (bed), with "Cama" being similar to an airline's business class. Some services have also on-board dining, while others stop at restaurants by the road. Long and middle-distance buses cover almost all paved-accessible cities, towns and villages.
Science and technology.
Argentines have three Nobel Prize laureates in the Sciences. Bernardo Houssay, the first Latin American among them, discovered the role of pituitary hormones in regulating glucose in animals. César Milstein did extensive research in antibodies. Luis Leloir discovered how organisms store energy converting glucose into glycogen and the compounds which are fundamental in metabolizing carbohydrates. Argentine research has led to the treatment of heart diseases and several forms of cancer. Domingo Liotta designed and developed the first artificial heart successfully implanted in a human being in 1969. René Favaloro developed the techniques and performed the world's first ever coronary bypass surgery.
Argentina's nuclear programme has been highly successful. In 1957 Argentina was the first country in Latin America to design and build a research reactor with homegrown technology, the RA-1 Enrico Fermi. This reliance in the development of own nuclear related technologies, instead of simply buying them abroad, was a constant of Argentina's nuclear programme conducted by the civilian National Atomic Energy Commission (CNEA). Nuclear facilities with Argentine technology have been built in Peru, Algeria, Australia and Egypt. In 1983, the country admitted having the capability of producing weapon-grade uranium, a major step needed to assemble nuclear weapons; since then, however, Argentina has pledged to use nuclear power only for peaceful purposes. As a member of the Board of Governors of the International Atomic Energy Agency, Argentina has been a strong voice in support of nuclear non-proliferation efforts and is highly committed to global nuclear security. In 1974 it was the first country in Latin America to put in-line a commercial nuclear power plant, Atucha I. Although the Argentine built parts for that station amounted to 10% of the total, the nuclear fuel it uses are since entirely built in the country. Later nuclear power stations employed a higher percentage of Argentine built components; Embalse, finished in 1983, a 30% and the 2011 Atucha II reactor a 40%.
Despite its modest budget and numerous setbacks, academics and the sciences in Argentina have enjoyed an international respect since the turn of the 1900s, when Dr. Luis Agote devised the first safe and effective means of blood transfusion as well as René Favaloro, who was a pioneer in the improvement of the coronary artery bypass surgery. Argentine scientists are still on the cutting edge in fields such as nanotechnology, physics, computer sciences, molecular biology, oncology, ecology, and cardiology. Juan Maldacena, an Argentine-American scientist, is a leading figure in string theory. Argentine built satellites include LUSAT-1 (1990), Víctor-1 (1996), PEHUENSAT-1 (2007), and those developed by CONAE, the Argentine space agency, of the SAC series.
Space research has also become increasingly active in Argentina. Argentina has its own satellite programme, nuclear power station designs (4th generation) and public nuclear energy company INVAP, which provides several countries with nuclear reactors. Established in 1991, the CONAE has since launched two satellites successfully and, in June 2009, secured an agreement with the European Space Agency on for the installation of a 35-m diameter antenna and other mission support facilities at the Pierre Auger Observatory. The facility will contribute to numerous ESA space probes, as well as CONAE's own, domestic research projects. Chosen from 20 potential sites and one of only three such ESA installations in the world, the new antenna will create a triangulation which will allow the ESA to ensure mission coverage around the clock.
Tourism.
Tourism in Argentina is characterized by its cultural offerings and its ample and varied natural assets. The country had 5.28 million visitors in 2010, ranking in terms of the international tourist arrivals as the top destination in South America, and second in Latin America after Mexico. Revenues from international tourists reached billion in 2010, up from billion in 2009. The country's capital city, Buenos Aires, is the most visited city in South America.
Tourist destinations:
Demographics.
In the , Argentina had a population of 36,260,130, and preliminary results from the 2010 census were of 40,091,359 inhabitants. Argentina ranks third in South America in total population and 33rd globally. Population density is of 15 persons per square kilometer of land area, well below the world average of 50 persons. The population growth rate in 2010 was an estimated 1.03% annually, with a birth rate of 17.7 live births per 1,000 inhabitants and a mortality rate of 7.4 deaths per 1,000 inhabitants. The net migration rate has ranged from zero to four immigrants per 1,000 inhabitants.
The proportion of people under 15 is 25.6%, somewhat below the world average of 28%, and the proportion of people 65 and older is relatively high at 10.8%. In Latin America this is second only to Uruguay and well above the world average, which is currently 7%. Argentina has one of Latin America's lowest population growth rates, recently about 1% a year, as well as a comparatively low infant mortality rate. Its birth rate of 2.3 children per woman is still nearly twice as high as that in Spain or Italy, compared here as they have similar religious practices and proportions. The median age is approximately 30 years and life expectancy at birth is 77.14 years.
Argentina became in 2010 the first country in Latin America and the second in the Americas to allow same-sex marriage nationwide. It was the tenth country to allow same-sex marriage.
Ethnography.
As with other areas of new settlement such as the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Brazil and Uruguay, it is considered that Argentina is a country of immigrants. Argentines usually refer to the country as a "crisol de razas" (crucible of races, or melting pot).
During the 18th and 19th centuries especially, Argentina was the country with the second biggest immigration wave in the world, with 6.6 million, second only to the USA in the numbers of immigrants received (27 millions) and ahead of such other areas of new settlement like Canada, Brazil and Australia.
Strikingly, at those times, the national population doubled every two decades. This belief is endured in the popular saying ""los argentinos descienden de los barcos"" (Argentines descend from the ships). Therefore, most Argentines are descended from the 19th- and 20th-century immigrants of the great immigration wave to Argentina (1850–1955), with a great majority of these immigrants coming from diverse European countries. The majority of these European immigrants came from Italy and Spain. Argentina is home to a significant population of Arab and partial Arab background, mostly of Syrian and Lebanese origin (in Argentina they are considered among the White people, just like in the USA Census). The Asian population in the country numbers at around 180,000 individuals, most of whom are of Chinese and Korean descent, although an older Japanese community that traces back to the early 20th century also exists.
Recent Illegal immigration has mostly been coming from Bolivia, Paraguay and Peru, with smaller numbers from Dominican Republic, Ecuador and Romania. The Argentine government estimates that 750,000 inhabitants lack official documents and has launched a program to encourage illegal immigrants to declare their status in return for two-year residence visas——so far over 670,000 applications have been processed under the program.
Language.
The "de facto" official language of Argentina is Spanish, also called "castellano" (Castilian) in the Hispanophone countries. Argentina is the largest Spanish-speaking society that universally employs "voseo" (the use of the pronoun "vos" instead of "tú" (you), which occasions the use of alternate verb forms as well). The most prevalent dialect is Rioplatense, whose speakers are primarily located in the Río de la Plata basin. Italian and other European immigrants influenced "Lunfardo", the slang spoken in the region, permeating the vernacular vocabulary of other regions as well. A phonetic study conducted by the Laboratory for Sensory Investigations of CONICET and the University of Toronto showed that the accent of the inhabitants of Buenos Aires (known as "porteños") is closer to the Neapolitan language, spoken in Southern Italy, than any other spoken language.
After Spanish, the most spoken language is English, which is taught since the elementary school, 42.3% of Argentines claim to speak some English (though only 15.4% of those claimed to have a high level of English comprehension). Portuguese is also highly popular (the Brazilian dialect is taught).
According to Ethnologue there are around 1.5 million Italian speakers (many elder people of an Italian background also speak a macaronic language of Italian and Spanish called "cocoliche", which was originated by the Italian immigrants in the late 19th century). Also, there are 1 million speakers of the North Levantine dialect of Arabic (spoken in Syria, Lebanon and Cyprus). Standard German is spoken by 400,000—500,000 Argentines of German ancestry, making it the fourth most spoken language, and also giving origin to a mixture of Spanish and German called "Belgranodeutsch". Welsh-speaking communities with around 25,000 using it as their second-language are found in areas of Welsh settlement, and in the Patagonia the "Patagonian Welsh" dialect is found as well. Yiddish is spoken among the Jewish Argentines, the biggest Jewish population in Latin America and 7th in the world. French (including the rare Occitan language) is also spoken in certain areas, like the former "colonias rurales" where the French immigrants settled. Recent Asian immigrants have brought Chinese and Korean.
Some indigenous communities have retained their original languages. Guaraní is spoken by some in the north east, especially in Corrientes (where it enjoys official status), Formosa, Chaco and Misiones. Quechua is spoken by some in the north west, like in Jujuy, Salta, Tucumán and Santiago del Estero where it has a local variant. Aymara is spoken in Salta, Jujuy, and by members of the Bolivian immigrant community. Wichí is spoken in all northern provinces, both western and eastern. In Patagonia there are Mapudungun speakers, reflecting the long enduring influence of the Mapuche culture, or "Araucanization", among the Argentine Natives from the southern areas.
Religion.
The Constitution guarantees freedom of religion but also requires the government to support Roman Catholicism financially. Catholic policy remains influential in government though, and still helps shape a variety of legislation. In a study assessing world-wide levels of religious regulation and persecution, with scores ranging from 0–10 where 0 represented low levels of regulation or persecution, Argentina received a score of 1.4 on Government Regulation of Religion, 6.0 on Social Regulation of Religion, 6.9 on Government Favoritism of Religion and 6 on Religious Persecution.
According to the World Christian Database Argentines are: 67% Christian, 15% non-religious, 1% Muslim, 7% other religions and 9% have not stated. Argentine Christians are mostly Roman Catholic with estimates for the number of Catholics varying from 70% to 90% of the population (though perhaps only 20% attend services regularly). On 13 March 2013, Argentine Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio was elected as Pope of the Catholic Church, becoming the first pope from the New World. He took the name Pope Francis.
Argentina has the largest Jewish population of any country in Latin America. A recent study found that approximately 11% of Argentines are non-religious (which includes those who believe in God but do not follow a religion), 4% are agnostics and 5% are atheist. Overall 24% attended religious services regularly. Protestants were the only group with a majority of followers who regularly attended services.
Urbanization.
Argentina is highly urbanized. The ten largest metropolitan areas account for half of the population, and fewer than one in ten live in rural areas. About 3 million people live in Buenos Aires City and the Greater Buenos Aires metropolitan area totals around 13 million, making it one of the largest urban areas in the world.
The metropolitan areas of Córdoba and Rosario have around 1.3 million inhabitants each and Mendoza, Tucumán, La Plata, Mar del Plata, Salta and Santa Fe have at least half a million people each.
The population is unequally distributed amongst the provinces: about 60% live in the Pampa region (21% of the total area), including 15 million people in Buenos Aires Province; Córdoba Province Santa Fe Province and the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires have 3 million each. Seven other provinces have over one million people each: Mendoza, Tucumán, Entre Ríos, Salta, Chaco, Corrientes and Misiones. Tucumán is the most densely populated with 60 inhabitants/km², the only Argentine province more densely populated than the world average, while the southern province of Santa Cruz has around 1 inhabitant/km².
Culture.
Argentine culture has significant European influences. Buenos Aires, its cultural capital, is largely characterized by both the prevalence of people of European descent, and of conscious imitation of European styles in architecture. The other big influence is the gauchos and their traditional country lifestyle of self-reliance. Finally, indigenous American traditions (like yerba mate infusions) have been absorbed into the general cultural milieu.
Literature.
Argentina has a rich literary history, as well as one of the region's most active publishing industries. Its literature began around 1550 with the work of Matías Rojas de Oquendo and Pedro González de Prado (from Santiago del Estero, the first important urban settlement in Argentina), who wrote prose and poetry. A symbiosis emerged between the aboriginal and Spanish traditions. During colonial times the University of Córdoba was the most important cultural hub. Two names stand out from this period: Gaspar Juárez Baviano, and Antonia de la Paz y Figueroa, also known as "Beata Antula".
The literature of the 19th century was influenced by the ideological divide between the popular, federalist epic of Martín Fierro (by José Hernández) and the etilist and cultured discourse of Sarmiento's masterpiece, Facundo. Argentine literature of that period was fiercely nationalist. It was followed by the modernist movement, which emerged in France in the late 19th century, and this period in turn was followed by vanguardism, with Ricardo Güiraldes as an important reference. Jorge Luis Borges, its most acclaimed writer, found new ways of looking at the modern world in metaphor and philosophical debate and his influence has extended to writers all over the globe. Borges is most famous for his works in short stories such as Ficciones and The Aleph.
The Argentine literature is the body of literary work produced in Argentina. Some of the nation's notable writers, poets and intellectuals include: Juan Bautista Alberdi, Roberto Arlt, Enrique Banchs, Adolfo Bioy Casares, Jorge Luis Borges, Silvina Bullrich, Eugenio Cambaceres, Julio Cortázar, Esteban Echeverría, Leopoldo Lugones, Hugo Wast, Eduardo Mallea, Ezequiel Martínez Estrada, Tomás Eloy Martínez, Victoria Ocampo, Manuel Puig, Ernesto Sabato, Osvaldo Soriano, Alfonsina Storni and María Elena Walsh.
Visual arts.
One of the most influential Argentine figures in fine arts was Xul Solar, whose surrealist work used watercolors as readily as unorthodox painting media; he also "invented" two imaginary languages. The works of Cándido López and Florencio Molina Campos (in Naïve art style), Ernesto de la Cárcova and Eduardo Sívori (realism), Fernando Fader (impressionism), Pío Collivadino and Cesáreo Bernaldo de Quirós (post-impressionist), Emilio Pettoruti (cubist), Antonio Berni (neo-figurative), Gyula Košice (constructivism), Eduardo Mac Entyre (Generative art), Guillermo Kuitca (abstract), and Roberto Aizenberg (Surrealism) are a few of the best-known Argentine painters.
Others include Benito Quinquela Martín, a quintessential 'port' painter for whom the working class and immigrant-bound La Boca neighborhood, in particular, was excellently suited. A similar environment inspired Adolfo Bellocq, whose lithographs have been influential since the 1920s. Evocative monuments ny Realist sculptors Erminio Blotta, Lola Mora and Rogelio Yrurtia became the part of the national landscape and today, Lucio Fontana and León Ferrari are acclaimed sculptors and conceptual artists. Ciruelo is a world-famous fantasy artist and sculptor, and Marta Minujín is an innovative Conceptual artist.
Argentina's "modern painters" are a difficult group to define. They have developed a constructivist rather than figurative style, though it is not quite abstract. Artists of this group include Julio Barragán, Luis Seoane, Carlos Torrallardona, Luis Aquino, Atilio Malinverno, and Alfredo Gramajo Gutiérrez.
Juan Del Prete (later the creator of Futucubismo, a mixture of Cubism and Futurism) came from the abstract art movement in Argentina, which developed in the 1940s from, of course, concrete art. Tomás Maldonado is one of the most well known abstract artists.
The Madí Movement, began in Argentina in 1946. One source claims Madí was founded in protest to the government control of the arts under Juan Perón. while a different source says that Madí is not necessarily a response to that oppression. The movement spread to Europe and later the United States. It is considered the only artistic movement founded in Buenos Aires to have a significant impact internationally. It was founded by Gyula Kosice and Carmelo Arden Quin, and included artists such as Rhod Rothfuss, Martín Blaszko, Waldo Longo, and Diyi Laañ.
Architecture.
Numerous Argentine architects have enriched their own country's cityscapes and, in recent decades, those around the world. Juan Antonio Buschiazzo helped popularize Beaux-Arts architecture and Francisco Gianotti combined Art Nouveau with Italianate styles, each adding flair to Argentine cities during the early 20th century. Francisco Salamone and Viktor Sulĉiĉ left an Art Deco legacy, and Alejandro Bustillo created a prolific body of Rationalist architecture. Clorindo Testa introduced Brutalist architecture locally and César Pelli's and Patricio Pouchulu's Futurist creations have graced cities, worldwide. Pelli's 1980s throwbacks to the Art Deco glory of the 1920s, in particular, made him one of the world's most prestigious architects.
The simplicity of the "Rioplatense" baroque style can be clearly appreciated in Buenos Aires, in the works of Italian architects such as André Blanqui and Antonio Masella, in the churches of San Ignacio, Nuestra Señora del Pilar, the Cathedral and the Cabildo.
Italian and French influences increased after the wars for independence at the beginning of the 19th century, though the academic style persisted until the first decades of the 20th century. Attempts at renovation took place during the second half of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th, when the European tendencies penetrated into the country, reflected in numerous important buildings of Buenos Aires, such as the Santa Felicitam Church by Ernesto Bunge; the Central Post Office and Palace of Justice, by Norbert Maillart; and the National Congress and the Colón Opera House, by Vittorio Meano.
The architecture of the second half of the 20th century continued adapting French neoclassical architecture, such as the headquarters of the National Bank of Argentina and the NH Gran Hotel Provincial, built by Alejandro Bustillo, and the Museo de Arte Hispano Fernández Blanco, by Martín Noel.
However, after the early 1930s, the influence of Rationalist architecture and of Le Corbusier became dominant among local architects, among whom Alberto Prebisch and Amancio Williams stand out in this new vein. The construction of skyscrapers proliferated in Buenos Aires after 1950, though a new generation started rejecting their "brutality," and tried to find an architectonic identity.
This search for identity is reflected in the Banco de Londres building finished in 1967 by Clorindo Testa with Diego Peralta Ramos, Alfredo Agostini, and Santiago Sánchez Elía. In the following decades, the new generations of architects incorporate, as always, European vanguardist styles, and new techniques.
Since the latter part of the 20th century, Argentine architects have become more prominent in the design of prime real estate projects in the country, such as the Le Parc tower and Torre Aqualina, by Mario Roberto Álvarez, and the Torre Fortabat by Sánchez Elía, as well as around the world, most notably the Norwest Center and the Petronas Towers, both by César Pelli.
Cinema and theatre.
The Argentine film industry created around 170 full-length titles in 2012. The per capita number of screens is one of the highest in Latin America, and viewing per capita is the highest in the region. The world's first animated feature films were made and released in Argentina, by cartoonist Quirino Cristiani, in 1917 and 1918. Since the 1980s, Argentine films have achieved worldwide recognition, such as The Official Story (Best foreign film oscar in 1986), Man Facing Southeast, A Place in the World, Nine Queens, Son of the Bride, The Motorcycle Diaries, Blessed by Fire, and The Secret in Their Eyes, winner of the 2009 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. A new generation of Argentine directors has caught the attention of critics worldwide. Argentine composers Luis Enrique Bacalov and Gustavo Santaolalla have been honored with Academy Award for Best Original Score nods. Lalo Schifrin has received numerous Grammys and is best known for the .
Buenos Aires is one of the great capitals of theater. The Teatro Colón is a national landmark for opera and classical performances; its acoustics are considered the best in the world. With its theatre scene of national and international caliber, Corrientes Avenue is synonymous with the art. It is thought of as 'the street that never sleeps' and sometimes referred to as the Broadway of Buenos Aires. The Teatro General San Martín is one of the most prestigious along Corrientes Avenue and the Teatro Nacional Cervantes functions as the national stage theater of Argentina. The Teatro Argentino de La Plata, El Círculo in Rosario, Independencia in Mendoza and Libertador in Córdoba are also prominent. Griselda Gambaro, Copi, Roberto Cossa, Marco Denevi, Carlos Gorostiza, and Alberto Vaccarezza are a few of the more prominent Argentine playwrights. Julio Bocca, Jorge Donn, José Neglia and Norma Fontenla are some of the great ballet dancers of the modern era.
Music.
Tango, the music and lyrics (often sung in a slang called lunfardo), is Buenos Aires's musical symbol. It has influences from the European and African culture. The golden age of tango (1930 to mid-1950s) mirrored that of jazz and swing in the United States, featuring large orchestral groups too, like the bands of Osvaldo Pugliese, Aníbal Troilo, Francisco Canaro, Julio de Caro and Juan d'Arienzo. Incorporating acoustic music and later, synthesizers into the genre after 1955, bandoneón virtuoso Ástor Piazzolla popularized "new tango" creating a more subtle, intellectual and listener-oriented trend. Today tango enjoys worldwide popularity; ever-evolving, neo-tango is a global phenomenon with renown groups like Tanghetto, Bajofondo and the Gotan Project.
Argentine rock developed as a distinct musical style in the mid-1960s, when Buenos Aires and Rosario became cradles of several garage groups and aspiring musicians. Today it is widely considered the most prolific and successful form of Rock en Español, and third in the world because of its international success, only after the American and British forms of rock. Bands such as Soda Stereo or Sumo, and composers like Charly García, Luis Alberto Spinetta, and Fito Páez are referents of national culture. Serú Girán bridged the gap into the 1980s, when Argentine bands became popular across Latin America and elsewhere.
Beyond dozens of regional dances, a national Argentine folk style emerged in the 1930s. Perón's Argentina would give rise to nueva canción, as artists began expressing in their music objections to political themes. The style went on to influence the entirety of Latin American music. Today, Chango Spasiuk and Soledad Pastorutti have brought folk back to younger generations. León Gieco's folk-rock bridged the gap between Argentine folklore and Argentine rock, introducing both styles to millions overseas in successive tours.
The best-known Argentine jazz musician internationally is probably Leandro "Gato" Barbieri. The tenor saxophonist worked with renowned big band orchestra conductor Lalo Schifrin in the early 1960s, shortly before Schifrin became internationally known for his composition of the theme to "". Hired by jazz trumpeter Don Cherry, the two recorded "Complete Communion" in 1965, an album that secured their reputation in the jazz world. Barbieri went on to record his influential "Caliente!" (1976), an album combining Latin jazz and experimental work such as his own and jazz fusion great Carlos Santana's, as well as "Qué pasa" (1997), which draws more deeply from Argentine folklore roots.
Cuisine.
Besides many of the pasta, sausage and dessert dishes common to continental Europe, Argentines enjoy a wide variety of Indigenous and Criollo creations, which include empanadas (a stuffed pastry), locro (a mixture of corn, beans, meat, bacon, onion, and gourd), humitas and yerba mate, all originally indigenous Amerindian staples, the latter considered Argentina's national beverage. Other popular items include chorizo (a spicy sausage), facturas (Viennese-style pastry) and Dulce de leche, a sort of milk caramel jam. The Argentine barbecue, asado as well as a parrillada, includes various types of meats, among them chorizo, sweetbread, chitterlings, and morcilla (blood sausage). Thin sandwiches, sandwiches de miga, are also popular. Argentines have the highest consumption of red meat in the world.
The Argentine wine industry, long among the largest outside Europe, has benefited from growing investment since 1992; in 2007, 60% of foreign investment worldwide in viticulture was destined to Argentina. The country is the fifth most important wine producer in the world, with the annual per capita consumption of wine among the highest. Malbec grape, a discardable varietal in France (country of origin), has found in the Province of Mendoza an ideal environment to successfully develop and turn itself into the world's best Malbec. Mendoza accounts for 70% of the country's total wine production. "Wine tourism" is important in Mendoza province, with the impressive landscape of the Cordillera de Los Andes and the highest peak in the Americas, Mount Aconcagua, high, providing a very desirable destination for international tourism.
Media.
The print media industry is highly developed, with more than two hundred newspapers. The major national newspapers are from Buenos Aires, including the centrist Clarín, the best-selling daily in Latin America and the second most widely circulated in the Spanish-speaking world. Other nationally circulated papers are La Nación (center-right, published since 1870), Página/12 (left-wing), Ámbito Financiero (business conservative), Olé (sports) and Crónica (populist). The most circulated newsmagazine is Noticias.
Radio broadcasting in Argentina is predated only by radio in the United States, and began on 27 August 1920, when Richard Wagner's Parsifal was broadcast by a team of medical students led Enrique Susini in Buenos Aires' Teatro Coliseo. There are currently 260 AM broadcasting and 1150 FM broadcasting radio stations in Argentina.
The Argentine television industry is large and diverse, widely viewed in Latin America, and its productions seen around the world. Argentines enjoy the highest availability of cable and satellite television in Latin America, similar to percentages in North America.
Argentine comic artists have contributed prominently to national culture, including Héctor Germán Oesterheld, Alberto Breccia, Dante Quinterno, Francisco Solano López, Horacio Altuna, Roberto Fontanarrosa, whose grotesque characters captured life's absurdities with quick-witted commentary, and Quino, known for the soup-hating Mafalda and her comic strip gang of childhood friends.
Sports.
The official national sport of Argentina is pato, played with a six-handle ball on horseback, but the most popular sport is association football. The national football team has won 25 major international titles including two FIFA World Cups, two Olympic gold medals and fourteen Copa Américas. Over one thousand Argentine players play abroad, the majority of them in European football leagues. There are 331,811 registered football players, and Argentina has produced some of the greatest players in the world, including joint FIFA Player of the Century Diego Maradona, four time FIFA Ballon d'Or recipient Lionel Messi, Argentina and Real Madrid legend Alfredo Di Stéfano, 1978 World Cup winning captain Daniel Passarella and Golden Boot winner Mario Kempes, and the all-time leading goalscorer for the national team Gabriel Batistuta.
The Argentine Football Association (AFA) was formed in 1893 and is the eighth oldest national football association in the world. The AFA today counts 3,377 football clubs, including 20 in the Premier Division. Since the AFA went professional in 1931, fifteen teams have won national tournament titles, including River Plate with 33 and Boca Juniors with 24. Over the last twenty years, futsal and beach soccer have become increasingly popular. The Argentine beach football team was one of four competitors in the first international championship for the sport in 1993. An increasing number of girls and women play the sport, who have organized their own national championships since 1991 and were South American champions in 2006.
Basketball is the second most popular sport; a number of basketball players play in the U.S. National Basketball Association and European leagues including Manu Ginóbili, Andrés Nocioni, Carlos Delfino, Luis Scola and Fabricio Oberto. The men's national basketball team won Olympic gold in the 2004 Olympics and the bronze medal in 2008. Argentina has been ranked number one in the FIBA World Rankings between 2007 and 2010.
Argentina has an important rugby union football team, "Los Pumas", with many of its players playing in Europe. Argentina beat host nation France twice in the 2007 Rugby World Cup, placing them third in the competition. The Pumas are currently (as per October, 2013) tenth in the official world rankings.
On 4 July 2013, Buenos Aires was selected as host city for the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics.
National symbols.
Some of Argentina's national symbols are defined by law, while others are traditions lacking formal designation.
The Flag of Argentina consists of three horizontal stripes equal in width and colored light blue, white and light blue, with the Sun of May in the center of the middle white stripe. The flag was designed by Manuel Belgrano in 1812; it was adopted as a national symbol on 20 July 1816. The Coat of Arms, which represents the union of the provinces, came into use in 1813 as the seal for official documents. The Argentine National Anthem was written by Vicente López y Planes with music by Blas Parera, and was adopted in 1813. The National Cockade was first used during the May Revolution of 1810 and was made official two years later. The Virgin of Lujan is Argentina's patron saint.
The ceibo is the national floral emblem and national tree, while the quebracho Colorado is the national forest tree. The national sport is "pato", a horseback game.
Argentine wine is the national liquor and mate the "national infusion". Rhodochrosite is the country's "national gemstone".
The hornero, living across most of the national territory, was chosen as the national bird in 1928 after a lower school survey. Though not defined by law, asado and locro are considered the national dishes.
Education.
Argentina built a national public education system in comparison to other nations, placing the country high in the global rankings of literacy. Today Argentina has a literacy rate of 97.4%, and 16.2% over age 15 have completed secondary school studies or higher. School attendance is compulsory between the ages of 5 and 17. The Argentine school system consists of an elementary or lower school level lasting six or seven years, and a secondary or high school level lasting between five to six years, depending on the jurisdiction.
There are forty-seven national public universities across the country, as well as forty-six private ones. The universities of Buenos Aires, Córdoba, La Plata, Rosario, and the National Technological University are among the most important. Public universities faced cutbacks in spending during the 1980s and 1990s, which led to a decline in overall quality.
Four out of five Argentine adults have completed grade school, over a third have completed their secondary education and one in nine Argentine adults have college degrees. Likewise, Argentina has the highest rate of university students in Latin America: official sources recently reported roughly 1,500,000 college students within the Argentine University System.
Health care.
Health care is provided through a combination of employer and labor union-sponsored plans ("Obras Sociales"), government insurance plans, public hospitals and clinics and through private health insurance plans. Health care cooperatives number over 300 (of which 200 are related to labor unions) and provide health care for half the population; the national INSSJP (popularly known as PAMI) covers nearly all of the five million senior citizens.
There are more than 153,000 hospital beds, 121,000 physicians and 37,000 dentists (ratios comparable to developed nations). The relatively high access to medical care has historically resulted in mortality patterns and trends similar to developed nations': from 1953 to 2005, deaths from cardiovascular disease increased from 20% to 23% of the total, those from tumors from 14% to 20%, respiratory problems from 7% to 14%, digestive maladies (non-infectious) from 7% to 11%, strokes a steady 7%, injuries, 6%, and infectious diseases, 4%. Causes related to senility led to many of the rest. Infant deaths have fallen from 19% of all deaths in 1953 to 3% in 2005.
The availability of health care has also reduced infant mortality from 70 per 1000 live births in 1948 to 12.1 in 2009 and raised life expectancy at birth from 60 years to 76. Though these figures compare favorably with global averages, they fall short of levels in developed nations and in 2006, Argentina ranked fourth in Latin America.

</doc>
<doc id="18951921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951921" title="1957 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1957 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The 1957 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship was the 71st staging of the All-Ireland hurling championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1887. The championship began on 14 April 1957 and ended on 1 September 1957.
Wexford were the defending champions, however, they were defeated in the provincial campaign. Kilkenny won the All-Ireland following a 4-10 to 3-12 defeat of Waterford.
Rule changes.
Prior to the start of the championship the Galway county board put down a motion at the Gaelic Athletic Association's (GAA) annual congress seeking immediate entry to the Leinster championship. Since 1922 Galway's hurlers had no competition in the Connacht championship and, as a result, they gained automatic entry to the All-Ireland semi-final every year. This format was seen as hindering the teams chances, however, by being included in the Leinster championship Galway could possibly have more competitive championship games every year. The motion at congress was eventually withdrawn and the existing format remained intact.
Teams.
A total of fourteen teams contested the championship, including all of the teams that participated in the 1956 championship. Kerry returned to the championship after a prolonged absence.

</doc>
<doc id="18951928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951928" title="Luminous Groove">
Luminous Groove

Luminous Groove is a 2008 compilation box set of the records "Fegmania!" (March 1985), "Gotta Let This Hen Out" (October 1985) and "Element of Light" (1986) by Robyn Hitchcock and the Egyptians. The versions included are the extended CD reissues from YepRoc. The set also includes 2 discs of B-sides and rarities called "Bad Case of History".

</doc>
<doc id="18951937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951937" title="Epicleidas">
Epicleidas

Epicleidas ("Epikleidas") was the brother of Cleomenes III, king of Sparta. According to Pausanias, Cleomenes poisoned Eurydamidas, his colleague of the house of Proclus, and shared the royal power with his brother Epicleidas. The latter afterwards fell in the battle of Sellasia in 222 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="18951940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951940" title="Saeid Ebrahimi">
Saeid Ebrahimi

Saeid Ebrahimi (, born 22 December 1982 in Nahavand) is an Iranian wrestler. He competed in the freestyle heavyweight division the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, reaching the quarter finals.

</doc>
<doc id="18951964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951964" title="Chantico">
Chantico

In Aztec mythology, Chantico ("she who dwells in the house") was the goddess of fires in the family hearth and volcanoes. 
She broke a fast by eating paprika with roasted fish, and was turned into a dog by Tonacatecuhtli as punishment because paprika is a banned food in such fast breaking customs. She also wears a crown of poisonous cactus spikes, and takes the form of a red serpent.
Chantico is the goddess of precious things and is very defensive of her possessions. There are many Aztec legends as to what she does to people (or other gods) who take her things.

</doc>
<doc id="18951976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951976" title="Lower Quarry Cascade">
Lower Quarry Cascade

Lower Quarry Cascade is a 4 metre high complex ribbon cascade found on private property, (private without permission to access), in Burlington, Ontario, Canada. 
Both Lower and Middle Quarry Cascade are based in Burlington right near the Hamilton/ Burlington city boundary line. Their watersource, Grindstone Creek and Upper Quarry Cascade are both based in Hamilton.
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Smokey Hallow Resource Management Area, Rock Chapel Sanctuary, Borer's Falls, Borer's Falls Conservation Area, Rock Chapel Golf Course, Royal Botanical Gardens.
Directions.
Inaccessible without permission from the owner. One kilometre east of "Clappison's Corners" and a few metres east of the Bruce Trail.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18951991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951991" title="St Helena Island National Park">
St Helena Island National Park

St Helena Island is an heritage-listed island in Queensland, Australia, 21 km east of Brisbane in Moreton Bay. Originally used as a prison, it is now a national park. Named Noogoon by the Australian Aborigines, it was renamed St Helena after an aboriginal named Napoleon was exiled there in 1826. The island park is visible from the mainland, particularly the suburbs of Wynnum, Manly and Lota. It has its own permanent water supply, a spring in the centre of the island. Many migratory birds use the island as a watering hole; it forms part of the Moreton Bay and Pumicestone Passage Important Bird Area, so identified by BirdLife International because it supports large numbers of migratory waders, or shorebirds.
History.
In the 19th century St Helena Island was a quarantine station which became one of the most profitable prisons in Queensland history. The island was home to prisoners and staff for 65 years. Many of the people involved in the 1891 Australian shearers' strike were imprisoned there along with murderers and bushrangers. 
St Helena Island Prison.
Five kilometres from the mouth of the Brisbane River lies St Helena Island. For more than 60 years from 1867, St Helena was home to many hundreds of society's outcasts, for here was located colonial Queensland's foremost prison for men.
In the early 1860s, as Brisbane's gaol at Petrie Terrace became more and more crowded, about 30 prisoners were transferred to an old hulk, called the "Proserpine", anchored near the mouth of the Brisbane River. In 1866, as part of their labours, the prisoners were taken each morning across the waters of Moreton Bay by whaleboat to St Helena Island. Here they were put to work sinking wells, clearing scrub, quarrying stone and building accommodation for a new quarantine station. They were brought back to the hulk each night.
Government plans for the quarantine station were scrapped later that year — because the conditions at Petrie Terrace gaol had become so unbearable, the prisoners from the Prosperpine were set to work building a gaol instead. On 14 May 1867, the Governor of Queensland signed a proclamation declaring the island 'a place whereat offenders under order or sentence of hard labour or penal servitude may be detained'. In the years that followed, St Helena was to become Queensland's showpiece prison.
The toughest years on St Helena were undoubtedly the early ones, and the ruins on the island testify to the hard work that the prisoners had to do. These, too, were the years of severe punishment — the lash, the dreaded dark underground cells, the gag, and energy-sapping shot drill. These were the years that gained St Helena its fearful reputation as 'the hell hole of the Pacific' and 'Queensland's Inferno'. But in these days tough measures were called for, because St Helena housed some of the country's worst criminals. In 1891, for example, there were 17 murderers, 27 men convicted of manslaughter, 26 men convicted of stabbings and shootings, and countless individuals responsible for assaults, rapes and similar violent crimes.
Because of this, St Helena had to be a secure prison — and it was, through its isolation and iron rule. During its lifetime, there were fewer than 25 serious attempts by prisoners to escape. Most of the 50 or so men involved were recaptured, although three disappeared without trace, two were drowned or taken by sharks in Moreton Bay, and a few were caught several years later.
By the turn of the century, the St Helena establishment had grown to accommodate over 300 prisoners in a maze of buildings surrounded by a high stockade wall. It operated as a self-sufficient settlement, and even exported some of its produce to the mainland, including bricks for many of Brisbane's buildings, clothes to be sold in Brisbane, and white rope for ships, which was made from imported Sisal Hemp plants. In the island workshops the prisoners were taught such trades as carpentry, boot making, tailoring, tinsmith, saddle making, bread baking and butchery. The island boasted a prize dairy herd which won many awards at the Brisbane Exhibitions. The island was extensively farmed, particularly in the later years as a prison. Maize, potatoes, lucerne and other vegetables thrived in the rich volcanic soil and the sugar mill crushed over 75 tons of locally grown sugar annually by 1880. In many ways, St Helena was regarded as a model prison for the times, and held in high regard by visiting interstate and overseas penologists.
By the 1920s, the prison had begun to show its age. In its latter years, after the majority of prisoners and the workshops had been removed to the Boggo Road Gaol on the mainland, the island became a prison farm for trusties, with a few dozen resident inmates tenaciously dismantling the ageing edifice. Many prison buildings remain. The last prisoner left the island on 15 February 1933. The last prison superintendent was Mr Patrick Roche.
Escaping from St Helena Island prison.
"It is impossible", wrote the Visiting Justice in 1869,"for prisoners to escape from St Helena. I am convinced of it. They would have three miles to swim." In fact, history was to show that the island was almost escape-proof.
Over six decades, there were more than 50 prisoners desperate enough to try to escape but, despite several super-human efforts, their attempts proved futile.
A few tried to swim. They were doomed to failure due to the dangers of the tides, offshore winds, choppy seas and sharks. Some took to crudely made rafts of driftwood and logs. One man lashed a door to two pine stools. Even a bath tub was tried. One pair planned to swim two horses across the bay with themselves as passengers. They were foiled by an alert warder.
Then there were those who took to boats. One commandeered a whaleboat after slinging the guard into the water. Others discovered boats which had broken loose from moorings on the mainland and had drifted unseen cross the bay into the mangroves at St Helena. Still others tried to break into the prison boathouse. Some prisoners perished in their attempt. The aborigine, Burketown Peter, clinging desperately to a wooden target-frame used by the warders during rifle practice, vanished beneath the waters of Moreton Bay as his makeshift raft headed out to sea on an outgoing tide.
One of the island prison's most publicised episodes took place in November 1911, when prisoners Henry Craig and David Mclntyre vanished for nearly two weeks. Most people believed they had escaped to the mainland and, as a result, a search was undertaken across South East Queensland. Warders turned out each day to search St Helena from end to end. Police and blacktrackers patrolled hundreds of kilometres of mainland coastline. On the twelfth day the prisoners reappeared. They had been hiding above the ceiling of the tailors' workshop on St Helena, where they had been aided by a prisoner accomplice who supplied them daily with food and water. 
Most escapees, however, rarely got any further than the island mangroves and scrub where they were captured by searching warders, supplemented, if necessary, by police from Brisbane, or driven out by hunger, or by intolerable hordes of mosquitoes. In fact, only one man was not recaptured after escaping from the island prison. Notorious gunman Charles Leslie was whisked from the island early one morning in 1924 by criminal accomplices who were waiting offshore in a motor boat.
Tourism.
These days, the island is a tourist destination for school children and visitors to Brisbane alike. The island is visited by Cat O' Nine Tails Cruisers. Private individuals can visit the island but are restricted to the picnic area to the sout west, and excluding the ruins. History tours of the island operate, including a Ghost tour.
2007 saw the first roving theatre on the island. Cat O' Nine Tails Cruises in conjunction with the St Helena Island Theatre Troupe, have written the show "Secrets of St Helena". The show brings to life the often harsh but sometimes funny stories about St Helena Island. A repeater station for 4TAB is located on the island.
Heritage listing.
St Helean Island was added to the Queensland Heritage Register in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18951998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18951998" title="Plectreurid spider">
Plectreurid spider

Plectreuridae, often called Plectreurid spiders, are a small spider family confined to the North American deserts and the island of Cuba. Only two living genera are known - the nominate genus "Plectreurys" and "Kibramoa". In the past, the family was more widespread, with the Jurassic genus "Eoplectreurys" known from China, the Eocene "Palaeoplectreurys baltica" from Baltic amber and the Miocene "Plectreurys pittfieldi" from Dominican amber. 
These ecribellate (lacking a plate-like wooly silk-producing structure anterior to the spinnerets on the venter), haplogyne spiders build haphazard webs under rocks and dead cacti. Relatively little is known of their biology. Unlike the sicariids, scytodids and diguetids, to which they are most closely related, they have eight eyes. In appearance females of "Plectreurys" resemble those of the larger species of the cribellate Filistatidae. They differ in their eye arrangement and in having the first femora (third leg segment from the body) bowed.
Species.
†"Eoplectreurys" Selden & Huang, 2010
"Kibramoa" Chamberlin, 1924
"Plectreurys" Simon, 1893
Tentatively placed in Plectreuridae:
†"Palaeoplectreurys Wunderlich, 2004

</doc>
<doc id="18952000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952000" title="Weird Era Cont.">
Weird Era Cont.

Weird Era Cont. is the fourth album by Deerhunter released concurrently with "Microcastle". 
After "Microcastle" had leaked months in advance of its planned release date, the band recorded a new album in an attempt to reward those who awaited its street release date although like "Microcastle", it also leaked in advance. "Weird Era Cont." was officially made available as a bonus disc/12", depending on format, with both the 4AD and Kranky releases.
The album is unique in the Deerhunter canon in that it includes songs composed and performed entirely by singular members of the band, outside what would normally be Atlas Sound or Lotus Plaza. The majority of the album was recorded by the band themselves, with a portion of the album recorded in a studio. In terms of the production of the record, guitarist Lockett Pundt stated: "We kind of wanted it to have an old and haunted vibe in regards to the production of the songs. Probably not something that we would do again."
Leak controversy.
On August 18, 2008, Bradford Cox made a post on the Deerhunter blog, linking readers to download "Holiday" b/w "S.S.C." as part of the Virtual 7" series (a series of digital singles released by Cox as Atlas Sound on the Deerhunter blog) without realizing his entire Mediafire account could have been accessed from that link. At the time, the folder contained unmastered demos of "Weird Era Cont." and the Atlas Sound album "Logos". Someone later gained access to these folders and proceeded to upload them onto P2P networks.
This later sparked an outrage by Cox, who intended "Weird Era Cont." to be a surprise to those purchasing the album on its street release date. In the blog, Cox expressed his distaste towards the leaks and whomever made them available, commenting: "["Weird Era Cont."] was supposed to be a surprise and actually make the idea of an 'Album Release Date' fun." Cox later apologized for his response stating "I accept my mistake. I apologize for my reaction. My anger was directed at myself. Sorry for projecting."

</doc>
<doc id="18952002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952002" title="Cereus repandus">
Cereus repandus

The Peruvian Apple Cactus, Cereus repandus, is a large, erect, thorny columnar cactus found in South America as well as the nearby ABC Islands of the Dutch Caribbean. It is also known as Giant Club Cactus, Hedge Cactus, cadushi, (in Wayuunaiki) and kayush.
With an often tree-like appearance, the Peruvian Apple Cactus' cylindrical gray-green to blue stems can reach 10 metres (33 ft) in height and 10–20 cm in diameter. The nocturnal flowers remain open for only one night. The fruits, known locally as "pitaya" or Peruvian Apple, are thornless and vary in skin colour from violet-red to yellow. The edible flesh is white and contains small, edible, crunchy seeds. The flesh sweetens as the fruit opens out fully.
"Cereus repandus" is an unresearched, under-utilized cactus, grown mostly as an ornamental plant. As noted above, it has some local culinary importance. The Wayuu from the La Guajira Peninsula of Colombia and Venezuela also use the inner cane-like wood of the plant in wattle and daub construction.

</doc>
<doc id="18952010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952010" title="Bogić Bogićević">
Bogić Bogićević

Bogić Bogićević (Богић Богићевић) is a Bosnian statesman of Bosnian Serb ethnicity, born in Ugljevik, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia (present day Bosnia and Herzegovina). He was a respected politician of the Yugoslav republic of Bosnia's and a statesmen of the left political orientation.
Engagements.
Pre-war engagements.
Bogić Bogićević was the first office-holder in Second Yugoslavia at the federal level to be democratically elected, as the representative of Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Presidency of Yugoslavia from 1989 to 1991.
Bogićević is famous for having defied fellow Serb colleagues from Serbia on a vote in the presidency which would have imposed martial law in Yugoslavia and allow the Yugoslav army to remove recently elected secessionist governments, particularly in Croatia and Slovenia, as well as in Macedonia and his native Bosnia and Herzegovina. Bogićević rejected the proposal, and thus by one vote, the Yugoslav collective presidency voted against enacting martial law.
Wartime engagements.
Wartime period 1992 to 1995 he spent in Sarajevo under the siege. He was a member of the House of Representatives of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and vice president of the Social Democratic Party of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Post-war engagements.
Bogićević was the vice-president of the Social Democratic Party of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and chairman of the Olympic Committee of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Personal life.
Today Bogić Bogicevic lives and works in Sarajevo.

</doc>
<doc id="18952012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952012" title="Werzer Arena">
Werzer Arena

The Werzer Arena is a tennis complex in Pörtschach am Wörthersee, Austria. It was the home of the annual Hypo Group Tennis International

</doc>
<doc id="18952019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952019" title="Cactus plugging">
Cactus plugging

Cactus plugging is the practice of vandalizing or destroying a cactus, usually a saguaro, for fun. Typically the cactus is cut open, drained, then packed with explosives and ignited. In another variation, the vandal simply shoots bullets into the cactus body until portions fall off or the entire cactus falls over.
In one notorious incident in 1982, one David Grundman (27 years old) was killed while cactus plugging. After he and a friend had successfully destroyed a smaller one, they decided to destroy a saguaro cactus. This went rather badly, as a 4 foot long arm of the saguaro he was "plugging" fell on him. The song "Saguaro" by the Austin Lounge Lizards (co-written by Ann Clardy and Michael Stevens) poked fun at Grundman's death.
The act of cactus plugging, if performed on a saguaro, is illegal. In any case, it is a particularly destructive form of vandalism, as saguaros require over a hundred years to reach a substantial height.

</doc>
<doc id="18952020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952020" title="Epicles">
Epicles

Epicles ("Epiklês") was an Ancient Greek medical writer who lived after Bacchius, and therefore probably in the 2nd or 1st century BC.
Epicles is quoted by Erotianus, who wrote a commentary on the obsolete words found in the writings of Hippocrates, which he arranged in alphabetical order.

</doc>
<doc id="18952021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952021" title="Qazi Fazlullah Ubaidullah">
Qazi Fazlullah Ubaidullah

Qazi Fazal Ullah () was a politician from Sindh, Pakistan. 
Qazi Fazal Ullah was Chief Minister of Sindh from May 8, 1950 to March 24, 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="18952041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952041" title="Small shelly fauna">
Small shelly fauna

The small shelly fauna or small shelly fossils, abbreviated to SSF, are mineralized fossils, many only a few millimetres long, with a nearly continuous record from the latest stages of the Ediacaran to the end of the Early Cambrian period. They are very diverse, and there is no formal definition of "small shelly fauna" or "small shelly fossils". Almost all are from earlier rocks than more familiar fossils such as trilobites. Since most SSFs were preserved by being covered quickly with phosphate and this method of preservation is mainly limited to the Late Ediacaran and Early Cambrian periods, the animals that made them may actually have arisen earlier and persisted after this time span.
Some of the fossils represent the entire skeletons of small organisms, including the mysterious "Cloudina" and some snail-like molluscs. However, the bulk of the fossils are fragments or disarticulated remains of larger organisms, including sponges, molluscs, slug-like halkieriids, brachiopods, echinoderms, and onychophoran-like organisms that may have been close to the ancestors of arthropods.
One of the early explanations for the appearance of the SSFs – and therefore the evolution of mineralized skeletons – suggested a sudden increase in the ocean's concentration of calcium. However, many SSFs are constructed of other minerals, such as silica. Because the first SSFs appear around the same time as organisms first started burrowing to avoid predation, it is more likely that they represent early steps in an evolutionary arms race between predators and increasingly well-defended prey. On the other hand mineralized skeletons may have evolved simply because they are stronger and cheaper to produce than all-organic skeletons like those of insects. Nevertheless it is still true that the animals used minerals that were most easily accessible.
Although the small size and often fragmentary nature of SSFs makes it difficult to identify and classify them, they provide very important evidence for how the main groups of marine invertebrates evolved, and particularly for the pace and pattern of evolution in the Cambrian explosion. Besides including the earliest known representatives of some modern phyla, they have the great advantage of presenting a nearly continuous record of Early Cambrian organisms whose bodies include hard parts.
History of discovery.
The term "small shelly fossils" was coined by Samuel Matthews and V.V. Missarzhevsky in 1975. It is quite a misnomer since, as Stefan Bengtson says, "they are not always small, they are commonly not shelly – and the term might equally well apply to Pleistocene periwinkles." Paleontologists have been unable to invent a better term and have vented their frustration in parodies such as "small silly fossils" and "small smellies". The term is often abbreviated to "small shellies" or "SSF".
The great majority of all the morphological features of later shelled organisms appear among the SSFs. No-one has attempted a formal definition of "small shelly fauna", "small shelly fossils" or other similar phrases.
Specimens and sometimes quite rich collections of these fossils were discovered between 1872 and 1967, but no-one drew the conclusion that the Early Cambrian contained a diverse range of animals in addition to the traditionally recognized trilobites, archaeocyathans, etc. In the late 1960s Soviet paleontologists discovered even richer collections of SSFs in beds below and therefore earlier than those containing Cambrian trilobites. Unfortunately the papers that described these discoveries were in Russian, and the 1975 paper by Matthews and Missarzhevsky first brought the SSFs to the serious attention of the non-Russian-reading world.
There was already a vigorous debate about the early evolution of animals. Preston Cloud argued in 1948 and 1968 that the process was "explosive", and in the early 1970s Niles Eldredge and Stephen Jay Gould developed their theory of punctuated equilibrium, which views evolution as long intervals of near-stasis "punctuated" by short periods of rapid change. On the other hand around the same time Wyatt Durham and Martin Glaessner both argued that the animal kingdom had a long Proterozoic history that was hidden by the lack of fossils.
Occurrence.
Rich collections have been found in China, Mongolia, Kazakhstan, Australia, and Antarctica; and moderately diverse ones in India, Pakistan, Iran, Europe and North America. There are different views about the time range of the SSFs. The Russian discoveries of the late 1960s were assigned to the Tommotian age of the Cambrian period, and for some time the term "small shelly fauna" was applied only to that age. On the other hand Bengston includes in "SSF" Ediacaran fossils like "Cloudina" and post-Tommotian fossils like "Microdictyon" from the Maotianshan shales lagerstätte. SSFs have been found in layers that also contain fossil trilobites. The mass extinction at the end of the Cambrian period's Botomian age was thought to have wiped out most of the SSF, with the exception of the halkieriids, wiwaxiids and "Pojetaia".
Mode of preservation.
Small shelly fossils are typically, although not always, preserved in phosphate. Whilst some shellies were originally phosphatic, in most cases the phosphate represents a replacement of the original calcite. They are usually extracted from limestone by placing the limestone in a weak acid, typically acetic acid; the phosphatized fossils remain after the rock is dissolved away. Preservation of microfossils by phosphate seems to have become less common after the early Cambrian, perhaps as a result of increased disturbance of sea-floors by burrowing animals. Without this fossil-forming mode, many small shelly fossils may not have been preserved – or been impossible to extract from the rock; hence the animals that produced these fossils may have lived beyond the Early Cambrian – the apparent extinction of most SSFs by the end of the Cambrian may be an illusion. For decades it was thought that halkieriids, whose "armor plates" are a common type of SSF, perished in the end-Botomian mass extinction; but in 2004 halkieriid armor plates were reported from Mid Cambrian rocks in Australia, a good 10 million years more recent than that.
Minerals used in shells.
Small shelly fossils are composed of a variety of minerals, the most important being silica, calcium phosphate and calcium carbonate. The minerals used by each organism are influenced by the chemistry of the oceans the organism first evolved in, but then continue to be used even if the ocean chemistry changes. For example in the Ediacaran period and the Nemakit-Daldynian age of the Cambrian, those animals that used calcium carbonate used the form called aragonite. On the other hand animals that first appeared in the following Tommotian age used another form, calcite.
A recently discovered modern gastropod that lives near deep-sea hydrothermal vents illustrates the influence of both earlier and contemporary local chemical environments: its shell is made of aragonite, which is found in the earliest fossil molluscs; but it also has armor plates on the sides of its foot, and these are mineralized with the iron sulfides pyrite and greigite, which had never previously been found in any metazoan but whose ingredients are emitted in large quantities by the vents.
Methods of constructing shells vary widely among the SSF, and in most cases the exact mechanisms are not known.
Evolution of skeletons and biomineralization.
Biomineralization is the production of mineralized parts by organisms. Hypotheses to explain the evolution of biomineralization include physiological adaptation to changing chemistry of the oceans, defense against predators and the opportunity to grow larger. The functions of biomineralization in SSFs vary: some SSFs are not yet understood; some are components of armor; and some are skeletons. A skeleton is any fairly rigid structure of an animal, irrespective of whether it has joints and irrespective of whether it is biomineralized. Although some SSFs may not be skeletons, SSFs are biomineralized by definition, being shelly. Skeletons provide a wide range of possible advantages, including: protection, support, attachment to a surface, a platform or set of levers for muscles to act on, traction when moving on a surface, food handling, provision of filtration chambers and storage of essential substances. 
It has often been suggested that biomineralization evolved as a response to an increase in the concentration of calcium in the seas, which happened around the Ediacaran-Cambrian boundary, and that biomineralization's main benefit was to store harmlessly minerals that might have disrupted organisms' internal processes. For example Mikhail A. Fedonkin suggested that an increase in the length of food chains may have contributed, as animals higher up the food chain accumulate greater amounts of waste products and toxins relative to their size, and biomineralization may have been a way of isolating excess carbonates or silicates consumed with prey. However, biomineralizing a skeleton is a fairly expensive way to dispose safely of excess minerals, as the main construction cost is the organic matrix, mostly proteins and polysaccharides, with which minerals are combined to form composite materials. The idea that biomineralization was a response to changes in ocean chemistry is also undermined by the fact that small shelly fossils made of calcite, aragonite, calcium phosphate and silica appeared virtually simultaneously in a range of environments.
Organisms started burrowing to avoid predation at around the same time. Jerzy Dzik suggested that biomineralization of skeletons was a defense against predators, marking the start of an evolutionary arms race. He cited as another example of hardened defenses from this time the fact that the earliest protective "skeletons" included glued-together collections of inorganic objects — for example the Early Cambrian worm "Onuphionella" built a tube covered with mica flakes. Such a strategy required both anatomical adaptations that allowed organisms to collect and glue objects and also moderately sophisticated nervous systems to co-ordinate this behavior.
On the other hand Bernard Cohen argued that biomineralized skeletons arose for "engineering" reasons rather than as defenses. There are many other defensive strategies available to prey animals including mobility and acute senses, chemical defenses, and concealment. Mineral-organic composites are both stronger and cheaper to build than all-organic skeletons, and these two advantages would have made it possible for animals to grow larger and, in some cases, more muscular — in animals beyond a certain size, the larger muscles and their greater leverage produce forces all-organic skeletons are not rigid enough to withstand. The development of modern brachiopods includes a progression from all-organic to mineral-organic composite shells, which may be a clue to their evolutionary development. The evolution of rigid biomineralized exoskeletons may then have started an arms race in which predators developed drills or chemical weapons capable of penetrating shells, some prey animals developed heavier, tougher shells, etc.
Fedonkin suggested another explanation for the appearance of biomineralization around the start of the Cambrian: the Ediacara biota evolved and flourished in cold waters, which slowed their metabolisms and left them with insufficient spare energy for biomineralization; but there are signs of global warming around the start of the Cambrian, which would have made biomineralization easier. A similar pattern is visible in living marine animals, since biomineralized skeletons are rarer and more fragile in polar waters than in the tropics.
Evolutionary significance.
In some locations, up to 20% of "Cloudina" fossils show borings, holes that are thought to have been made by predators. The very similar shelly fossil "Sinotubulites", which is often found in the same locations, was not affected by borings. In addition, the distribution of borings in "Cloudina" suggests selection for size – the largest holes appear in the largest shells. This evidence of "selective" attacks by predators suggests that new species may have arisen in response to predation, which is often presented as a potential cause of the rapid diversification of animals in the Early Cambrian.
The small shellies provide a relatively continuous record throughout the early Cambrian, and thus provide a more useful insight into the Cambrian explosion than instances of exceptional preservation. Although most of the SSFs are difficult to identify, those assigned positions in modern taxa, or in their stem groups of evolutionary "aunts" or "cousins", enable scientists to assess the pattern and speed of animal evolution on the strength of the small shelly evidence.
Such an assessment shows that the earliest small shellies are the most basal. As time goes on, they can be placed in the stem group to an ever smaller clade. In other words, the earliest (Ediacaran) small shellies can be tentatively considered diploblastic, in other words made of two main tissue layers. Later shellies are more convincingly triploblastic, as all "higher" animals are. Subsequently the Helcionellids are the first shelly fossils that can be placed in the stem group to a phylum (mollusca). As one looks at more recent SSFs, the arguments for stem group placements become stronger, and by the Atdabanian, some SSFs can be assigned to the crown group of a modern phylum, echinoderms.
This gives the impression that the first SSF animals, from the late Ediacaran, were basal members of later clades, with the phyla subsequently appearing in a "rapid, but nevertheless resolvable and orderly" fashion, rather than as a "sudden jumble", and thus reveals the true pace of the Cambrian explosion.
Types of small shelly fossil.
Ediacaran forms.
The few collections of SSF from the Ediacaran period have a limited range of forms Fully and partially mineralized tubes are common and form a really mixed collection: the structures and compositions of their walls vary widely; specimens have been classified as members of a wide range of clades including foraminiferans, cnidarians, polychaete and pogonophoran annelids, sipunculids and others. "Cloudina"’s "tube", which was long, consisted of nested cones that were mineralized with calcium carbonate but left unmineralized gaps between the cones. "Sinotubulites" built long thin tubes that were more flexible but probably had mineralized ridges.
"Namapoikia" was probably either a sponge or a coral-like organism, and built dwellings up to across out of calcium carbonate.
Spicules are spines or star-like combinations of spines, made of silica, and are thought to be the remains of sponges.
"Namacalathus", which may have been a cnidarian, closely related to jellyfish and corals, built goblet-like dwellings with stalks up to long. This type of shape is known as a "stalked test", since "test" in biology means a roughly spherical shell.
Cambrian forms.
In finds from the early Cambrian, tubes and spicules become more abundant and diverse, and new types of SSF appear. Many have been attributed to well-known groups such as molluscs, slug-like halkieriids, brachiopods, echinoderms, and onychophoran-like organisms that may have been close to the ancestors of arthropods. A multitude of problematic tubular fossils, such as anabaritids, Hyolithellus or Torellella characterize the earliest Cambrian Small Shelly Fossil skeletal assemblages.
Most of the Cambrian SSF consists of sclerites, fragments that once made up the external armor of early animals, such as "Halkieria" or "scale worms". Fairly complete and assembled sets, which are rare, are called "scleritomes". In many cases the body shapes of sclerites' creators and the distribution of sclerites on their bodies are not known. The "coat of mail" generally disintegrated once the animal died, and its fragments became dispersed and sometimes fossilized. Reconstructing these elements usually relies upon a fully articulated fossil being found in an exceptionally preserved lagerstatte. Such discoveries may in turn enable paleontologists to make sense of other similar fragments, such as those labelled "Maikhanella".
Many sclerites are of the type called "coelosclerites", which have a mineralized shell around a space originally filled with organic tissue and which show no evidence of accretionary growth. It is not clear whether coelosclerites evolved independently in different groups of animals or were inherited from a common ancestor.
Halkieriids produced scale- or spine-shaped coelosclerites, and complete specimens show that the animals were slug-shaped, and had cap-shaped shell plates at both ends in addition to the sclerites. Chancelloriids produced star-shaped composite coelosclerites. They are known to have been animals that looked like cacti and have been described as internally like sponges, although they may have been more closely related to halkieriids.
Some sclerites are mineralized with calcium phosphate rather than calcium carbonate. Tommotiids have a wide range of sclerite shapes and internal structures, and may in fact represent a polyphyletic set of lineages, in other words they may have independently developed phosphatic scleritomes rather than inheriting them from a common ancestor. On the other hand they may be closely related to the ancestors of modern brachiopods, animals that at first sight look like bivalve molluscs, but brachiopods stand on fleshy stalks and their internal anatomy is different. Some sclerites and small pieces of "debris" are regarded as the remains of echinoderms. Other phosphatic sclerites include tooth-shaped, hook-shaped and plate-like objects, mostly of unknown origin. However it is known that some, including "Microdictyon", were produced by lobopods, animals that looked like worms with legs and are thought to be close to the ancestors of arthropods.
Univalved and bivalved shells are fairly common. Some cap-shaped shells are thought to be the only sclerite covering their creators, while others are known to be parts of a more complex armor system like "Halkieria"’s. The Helcionellids are thought to be early molluscs with somewhat snail-like shells. Some have horizontal "exhaust pipes" on the concave edges of their shells, and there is debate about whether these pointed forwards or backwards. Hyoliths left small conical shells. These animals may have been molluscs or worm-like Sipuncula. Other molluscan univalved shells have been found in Canada. Some bivalve shells have been found with both parts still joined, and include both brachiopods and bivalve molluscs. Fossils have been found that resemble the opercula ("lids") used by snails to close the openings in their armor, and are attributed to hyoliths, small animals that had conical shells and may have been molluscs or worm-like Sipuncula.
Small arthropods with bivalve-like shells have been found in Early Cambrian beds in China, and other fossils ("Mongolitubulus henrikseni") represent spines that snapped off bivalved arthropod carapaces.

</doc>
<doc id="18952056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952056" title="Greater Roadrunner">
Greater Roadrunner

The Greater Roadrunner, taxonomically classified as "Geococcyx californianus", meaning "Californian Earth-cuckoo," is a long-legged bird in the cuckoo family, Cuculidae. Along with the Lesser Roadrunner, it is one of two species in the roadrunner genus "Geococcyx". This roadrunner is also known as the chaparral cock, ground cuckoo, and snake killer.
Description.
The roadrunner is about long, has a wingspan and weighs . It stands around tall and is the largest North American cuckoo. The adult has a bushy crest and long, thick, dark bill. It has a long, dark tail, a dark head and back, and is blue on the front of the neck and on the belly. Roadrunners have 4 toes on each zygodactyl foot; two face forward, and two face backward.
The name "roadrunner" comes from the bird's habit of racing down roads in front of moving vehicles and then darting to safety in the brush.
Habitat.
The breeding habitat is desert and shrubby country in the southwestern United States and northern Mexico. It can be seen regularly in the US states of California, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, Nevada, Utah, Colorado, Oklahoma, and less frequently in Kansas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Missouri, as well as the Mexican states of Baja California, Baja California Sur, Sonora, Sinaloa, Chihuahua, Durango, Jalisco, Coahuila, Zacatecas, Aguascalientes, Guanajuato, Michoacán, Querétaro, México, Puebla, Nuevo León, Tamaulipas, and San Luis Potosí.
Behavior.
The Greater Roadrunner nests on a platform of sticks low in a cactus or a bush and lays 3–6 eggs, which hatch in 20 days. The chicks fledge in another 18 days. Pairs may occasionally rear a second brood.
Greater Roadrunners measure in length, about half of which is tail. They have long, wobbly legs and a slender, pointed bill. The upper body is mostly brown with black streaks and sometimes pink spots. The neck and upper breast are white or pale brown with dark brown streaks, and the belly is white. A crest of brown feathers sticks up on the head, and a bare patch of orange and blue skin lies behind each eye; the blue is replaced by white in adult males (except the blue adjacent to the eye), and the orange (to the rear) is often hidden by feathers.
This bird walks around rapidly, running down prey. It mainly feeds on insects, fruit and seeds with the addition of small reptiles, small rodents, spiders, scorpions, centipedes, millipedes, small birds, their eggs, and carrion, including roadkills. It kills larger prey with a blow from the beak—hitting the base of the neck of small mammals—or by holding it in the beak and beating it against a rock. Two roadrunners sometimes attack a relatively big snake cooperatively.
Although capable of weak flight, it spends most of its time on the ground, and can run at speeds of up to . Cases where roadrunners have run as fast as have been reported. This is the fastest running speed ever clocked for a flying bird, although it is not as fast as the flightless Ostrich.
State bird.
The Greater Roadrunner is the state bird of New Mexico.
Cultural references.
Some Pueblo Indian tribes, such as the Hopi, believed that the Roadrunner provided protection against evil spirits. In Mexico, some said it brought babies, as the White Stork was said to in Europe. Some Anglo frontier people believed roadrunners led lost people to trails. It is the state bird of New Mexico.
The Greater Roadrunner is the basis for the cartoon character Road Runner, a bird who uses his speed and cunning to outmaneuver his enemy, Wile E. Coyote, despite the fact that real coyotes are faster than roadrunners (43 mph vs 26 mph). 
Rudolfo Anaya's book, "Roadrunner's Dance," details the creation of the Roadrunner character.

</doc>
<doc id="18952057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952057" title="Women's football in Germany">
Women's football in Germany

Women's football in Germany is quickly become very popular in Germany largely due to the success of the women's national team.
History.
Women in Germany have been playing football since the turn of the 18th century, but females playing sports were frowned upon by the general population and citizins. The "Sports Girl" didn't come into fashion until the 1920s when women started to form their own clubs. In 1955 the German Football Association declared that they would not permit women into the association stating that women were frail and unable to perform in the sport without injurying themselves. During the 1960s there was discussion about setting up a Woman's Football Association, but it never panned out.
The DFB finally officially allowed women players on October 30, 1970, but there were modifications to the rules. Firstly, woman were only allowed to play in warm weather. Secondly, football boots with studs were banned and the ball was smaller and lighter. Lastly, the length of a match was reduced to seventy minutes. 
In 1971 a woman's league formed with many other leagues forming during the following years. On September 8, 1974 the first women's champion in football was awarded to TuS Wörrstadt.
The first women's DFB Cup was held in 1981 with SSG 09 Bergisch Gladbach defeating TuS Wörrstadt 5-0 in the final match in front of 35,000 spectators.
The women's national team (coached by Gero Bisanz) played its first game on November 10, 1982 against Switzerland. Germany won the match 5-1. Two players who scored in the game would eventually become coaches for the national team.
In 1989 West Germany hosted the 1989 European Competition for Women's Football. The German team beat the Italian team on a penalty shoot-off. This was the first woman's football game broadcast live in Germany. On July 2, 1989 the German team beat the favored Norway team 4-1 in front of 23,000 spectators. This was an attendece record for a German women's team that would last until May 24, 2008 when 27,460 spectators watched 1. FFC Frankfurt defeat Umeå IK 3-2 in the UEFA Women's Cup.
National competition.
As a result of the national team's success in the 1989 European Competition, on 1990 the DFB founded the first women's Bundesliga with twenty teams divided into two groups, a Northern Conference and a Southern Conference. The Bundesliga was reduced to a single league of twelve teams in 1997, Yet, with the growing strength of Regionalliga compared to the Budesliga the DFB founded Second Bundesliga in 2004. The Second Bundesliga contained twenty-four teams divided into two groups.
National team.
The Germany women's national football team, organised by the DFB, are the only women's team ever to have successfully defended the FIFA Women's World Cup, winning in 2003 under past coach Tina Theune-Meyer and 2007 under current coach Silvia Neid. They have also won the last six UEFA Women's Championships (1995, 1997, 2001, 2005, 2009, 2013).

</doc>
<doc id="18952066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952066" title="Holmby Hills, Los Angeles">
Holmby Hills, Los Angeles

Holmby Hills is a neighborhood in the district of Westwood in western Los Angeles. It is bordered by the city of Beverly Hills on the east, Wilshire Boulevard on the south, Westwood on the west, and Bel Air on the north. Sunset Boulevard is the area's principal thoroughfare which divides Holmby Hills into north and south sections. However, Holmby Hills can be recognized by its unique street lamps. In an effort to decrease traffic in the neighborhood, speed bumps have been installed on several key streets.
Geography.
Holmby Hills, Bel Air, and Beverly Hills form the "Platinum Triangle" of Los Angeles. It is bordered by the city of Beverly Hills on the east, Wilshire Boulevard on the south, Westwood on the west, and Bel Air on the north.
History.
The area of present day Holmby Hills was the homeland of the Tongva-Gabrieliño Native Americans, who had a presence in the region for over 8,000 years.
The first European on the land, that present day Holmby Hills, Bel Air, Westwood, and UCLA now occupy, was the Spanish soldier Maximo Alanis, who was the grantee of the Rancho San Jose de Buenos Ayres from a Mexican land grant issued by Alta California Governor Manuel Micheltorena in 1843.
In 1858, he sold it to Benjamin Davis Wilson, of early Pasadena development, the second Mayor of Los Angeles, and namesake for Mount Wilson in the San Gabriel Mountains. In 1884, Wilson sold Rancho San Jose de Buenos Ayres, at 2,000 acres (8 km²), to the nephew of leading pioneer William Wolfskill, businessman John W. Wolfskill, son of Mathus (Mathius) Wolfskill, William's younger brother. He paid $10 an acre and built a ranch house, near the present-day Mormon Los Angeles Temple.
The development of Holmby Hills began when Arthur Letts, Sr. purchased of the original Wolfskill ranch at $100 an acre. He called the development "Holmby Hills," which was loosely derived from the name of his birthplace, a small hamlet in England called Holdenby, and it was also the name of his estate in Hollywood. Letts died suddenly in 1923, before he could realize his vision. His son-in-law, Harold Janss, took over the project. Zoning for the community, which straddles Sunset Boulevard, was designed to accommodate lot sizes up to . The streets were named after places in Great Britain: Devon Avenue after Devon, the county in Southwestern England; Charing Cross Road after Charing Cross junction in London; Conway Avenue after Conwy in Wales, etc. In the 1920s, English-style streetlamps were added specifically for the neighborhood. After the Wall Street Crash of 1929, grand mansions were constructed.
In 2012, residents tried to be annexed into the city of Beverly Hills, California to make sure their potholes would be repaired (which the Los Angeles City Council has failed to do despite estate taxes), but this was rejected by John A. Mirisch, then Beverly Hills city councillor and now mayor.
According to the Holmby Hills Homeowners Association website: "In the 1920's, Sunset Boulevard was a two-lane country road, known as Beverly Boulevard. It was renamed when it was opened through to the Pacific Ocean. When Sunset Boulevard was expanded into a four-lane thoroughfare, Holmby Hills was, for all practical purposes, split into north and south sections." The northern section is served by the Holmby Hills Homeowners Association, while the southern section is served by the Holmby Westwood Property Owners Association, which it shares with the rest of northern Westwood east of UCLA. However, "n 2013, the Holmby Hills Homeowners Association Board has decided to reach out to the homeowners south of Sunset (and east of Beverly Glen) to grow the Association with new members also residing in Holmby Hills having similar interests."
Community.
The neighborhood is home to two parks: Holmby Park and De Neve Square Park. The former, Holmby Park, includes two playgrounds, a nine-hole putting green called the Armand Hammer Golf Course, and a classic lawn bowling, home to the Holmby Park Lawn Bowling Club started in 1927. It is located next to the Los Angeles Country Club.
The Frederick R. Weisman Art Foundation, an art gallery named after Frederick R. Wiesman, is located on North Carolwood Street. It includes works by Paul Cézanne (1839-1906), Pablo Picasso (1881-1973), Wassily Kandinsky (1866-1944), Max Ernst (1899-1976), Joan Miró (1893-1983), René Magritte (1898-1967), Alberto Giacometti (1901-1966), Isamu Noguchi (1904-1988), Alexander Calder (1898-1976), Robert Rauschenberg (1925-2008), Jasper Johns (1930), Willem de Kooning (1904-1997), Sam Francis (1923-1994), Clyfford Still (1904-1981), Mark Rothko (1903-1970), Helen Frankenthaler (1928-2011), Morris Louis (1912-1962), Kenneth Noland (1924-2010), Andy Warhol (1928-1987), Roy Lichtenstein (1923-1997), Claes Oldenburg (b. 1929), James Rosenquist (b. 1933), Edward Ruscha (1937), Joe Goode (1937), Duane Hanson (1925-1996) and John De Andrea (b. 1941).
Los Angeles Fire Department is in the area.
Education.
Primary and secondary schools.
Public schools.
Residents are zoned to the following Los Angeles Unified School District schools: Warner Avenue Elementary School, Emerson Middle School, and University High School.
Colleges and universities.
Holmby Hills is a few blocks east of the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).
Private schools.
The only school located within Holmby Hills is the Middle School (grades 7–9) component of the independent Harvard-Westlake School. The campus was originally occupied by Westlake School for Girls, which moved from its original site near downtown L.A. to the Holmby Hills campus in 1927. Harvard-Westlake was created in 1989 when Westlake merged with the Harvard School for Boys.

</doc>
<doc id="18952071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952071" title="Cykranosh">
Cykranosh

Cykranosh is the fictional name for the planet Saturn in the Cthulhu Mythos. Cykranosh is the creation of Clark Ashton Smith and is part of his Hyperborean cycle. It also the setting for his short story "The Door to Saturn" (1932).
Cykranosh in the mythos.
Unlike its namesake, the gas giant planet Saturn, the Cykranosh of Smith's fiction has a material surface, a breathable atmosphere, and a topography similar to Earth with vast plains, deserts, and mountains. It is replete with forests of giant fungi, lakes of a strange mercurial liquid, and fields of a bluish, semi-mineral, cactus-like (and possibly sentient) flora covered with razor-sharp spines and serrated blades. Cykranosh is also inhabited by intelligent bipeds as well, such as the Bhlemphroims and the Ydheems.
Gods of Cykranosh.
He turned to see what manner of creature had flung the shadow. This being, he perceived, was not easy to classify, with its ludicrously short legs, its exceedingly elongated arms, and its round, sleepy-looking head that was pendulous from a spherical body, as if it were turning a somnambulistic somersault. But after he had studied it a while and had noted its furriness and somnolent expression, he began to see a vague though inverted likeness to the god Zhothaqquah. And remembering how Zhothaqquah had said the form assumed by himself on Earth was not altogether that which he had worn in Cykranosh, Eibon now wondered if this entity was one of Zhothaqquah's relatives. 
<br>—Clark Aston Smith, "The Door to Saturn"
Cykranosh was once the home of various Great Old Ones such as Atlach-Nacha and Tsathoggua (Zhothaqquah). Tsathoggua's paternal uncle, Hziulquoigmnzhah, still dwells here. Hziulquoigmnzhah looks much like his nephew except he has a round body and a head that swings beneath his torso.
Intelligent races of Cykranosh.
Bhlemphroims.
These beings, though they were bipeds, and were not quite so unheard-of in their anatomic structure as the entity which Eibon had met by the lake, were nevertheless sufficiently unusual; for their head and bodies were apparently combined in one, and their ears, eyes, nostrils, mouths, and certain other organs of doubtful use were all arranged in a somewhat unconventional grouping on their chests and abdomens. They were wholly naked, and were rather dark in color, with no trace of hair on any part of their bodies.
<br>—Clark Aston Smith, "The Door to Saturn"
The Bhlemphroims live in the kingdom of Vhlorrh, and are a benign and somewhat advanced race. They abandoned their religious traditions long ago and now aim toward a more materialistic lifestyle.
The Bhlemphroims have unusual reproductive practices. Though they are of two sexes, they do not reproduce by conventional means. Instead, a single female is chosen to be the Djhenquomh, the singular mother for an entire generation of Bhlemphroims. The Djhenquomh is fed a carefully prepared diet until she grows to elephantine proportions. When she is ready to mate, a committee of Bhlemphroims chooses several males to become her husbands; after performing their requisite duty, the chosen spouses are served to the Djhenquomh as portions of her voluminous meal.
Ydheems.
The Ydheems are similar to the Bhlemphroims, but have rudimentary craniums and a far more primitive society. Unlike the Bhlemphroims, the Ydheems are devoutly pious (though never to the extreme) and worship the Cykranoshian gods, Hziulquoigmnzhah in particular.

</doc>
<doc id="18952076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952076" title="Cactus Wren">
Cactus Wren

The Cactus Wren ("Campylorhynchus brunneicapillus") is a species of wren that is native to the southwestern United States southwards to central Mexico.
Description.
The Cactus Wren is the largest North American wren, at long. Unlike the smaller wrens, the Cactus Wren is easily seen. It has the loud voice characteristic of wrens. The Cactus Wren is much less shy than most of the family. Its marked white eyestripe, brown head, barred wings and tail, and spotted tail feathers make it easy to identify. Like most birds in its genus, it has a slightly curved bill. There is little sexual dimorphism.
Diet.
The Cactus Wren primarily eats insects, including ants, beetles, grasshoppers, and wasps. Occasionally, it will take seeds, fruits, small reptiles and frogs. Foraging begins late in the morning and is versatile; the cactus wren will search under leaves and ground litter and overturn objects in search of insects, as well as feeding in the foliage and branches of larger vegetation. Increasing temperatures cause a shift in foraging behavior to shady and cooler microclimates, and activity slows during hot afternoon temperatures. Almost all water is obtained from food, and free-standing water is rarely used even when found (Udvardy 1994; Ricklefs 1968; McCarthey 2000).
Behavior.
The Cactus Wren forms permanent pair bonds, and the pairs defend a territory where they live all through the year.
In residential areas, Cactus Wrens are notorious for getting into mischief. Being curious birds, it is not uncommon for these wrens to be found flying about out-of-place in automobiles where the owner has left a window open or in a residential garage with an open door.
State bird.
The Cactus Wren is the state bird of Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="18952078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952078" title="Chihuahuan Raven">
Chihuahuan Raven

The Chihuahuan Raven ("Corvus cryptoleucus"), is a species of bird in the family Corvidae that is native to the United States and Mexico. It was formerly known as the American White-necked Raven, and has the proportions of a Common Raven with a heavy bill, but is about the same size as a Carrion Crow, or slightly larger than the American Crow ( long). The plumage is all-black with a rich purple-blue gloss in good light. The nasal bristles extend farther down the top of the bill than in any other "Corvus" species to about two-thirds the length. The base of the neck feathers are white (seen only when ruffled in strong wind). The bill, legs and feet are black.
Distribution and habitat.
The Chihuahuan Raven occurs in the Southwestern and Midwestern United States and northern Mexico, including southeastern Arizona, southern New Mexico, southeastern Colorado, western Kansas, western Oklahoma, and southern and western Texas.
Behaviour.
Diet.
It feeds on cultivated cereal grains, insects and many other invertebrates, small reptiles, carrion and scraps of human food, cactus fruits, eggs and nestlings.
Nesting.
The nest is built in either trees, large shrubs or sometimes even in old buildings. There are usually 5-7 eggs laid relatively late in the year during May so as to take advantage of the insect food for their young in their more arid environment.
Voice.
The voice is similar to the Common Raven with ""pruk-pruk"" sounds and other croaks but is not as deep in tone or as varied in range.
Taxonomy.
A 2005 molecular study reviewed segments of DNA of the Common Raven and found that Chihuahuan Raven are genetically nested within Common Ravens based on mitochondrial DNA. That is, Common Ravens from the California Clade are more similar in mtDNA to Chihuahuan Ravens than they are to Common Ravens in the Holarctic Clade. (also see Omland et al. 2000—Omland, K. E., C. L. Tarr, W. I. Boarman, J. M. Marzluff, and R. C. Fleischer. 2000. Cryptic genetic variation and paraphyly in ravens. Proceedings of the Royal Society Biological Sciences Series B 267:2475-2482.)
References.
Omland, K. E., C. L. Tarr, W. I. Boarman, J. M. Marzluff, and R. C. Fleischer. 2000. Cryptic genetic variation and paraphyly in ravens. Proceedings of the Royal Society Biological Sciences Series B 267:2475-2482.

</doc>
<doc id="18952082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952082" title="Grant County Courthouse (Oklahoma)">
Grant County Courthouse (Oklahoma)

The Grant County Courthouse is an historic 3-story redbrick building located on West Guthrie Street in Medford, Oklahoma. It was built in 1909 in the Classical Revival style. On August 23, 1984, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18952083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952083" title="Selenicereus grandiflorus">
Selenicereus grandiflorus

Selenicereus grandiflorus is a cactus species originating from the Antilles, Mexico and Central America. The species is commonly referred to as Nightblooming Cereus, Queen of the Night (though these two terms are also used for other species), Large-flowered Cactus, Sweet-Scented Cactus or Vanilla Cactus. The true species is extremely rare in cultivation. Most of the plants under this name belong to other species or hybrids. Often confused with the species of "Epiphyllum".
Etymology.
Grandiflorus (Lat.) = large flowered. When Carl von Linné descripted this cacti in 1753 it was the largest flowered species of cacti known. Paradoxically, are moderate in size compared with several other "Selenicereus" species.
History.
The first species to be brought into cultivation. Linné (Linnaeus) descripted it in 1753, but it was known long before. Records from Hortus Kewensis gives that the species was grown at Royal Gardens at Hampton Court before 1700. There has been doubt about which plant was available to Linné when he drew up his description, but this is solved and both the plates on this side show the authentic species.
Origin and habitat.
Greater Antilles (Cuba, Cayman Islands, Puerto Rico, Jamaica & Haiti), Mexico, Guatemala, Belize, Honduras, Nicaragua, and a few other locations in South and Central America. Climbing on trees and on rocks. 700m alt. Extremely variable, especially in Jamaica, stems with slightly wavy to strongly knobby margins occurs in the same plant. Much confused in cultivation. Many species of "Selenicereus" should be reduced to synonyms of subspecies of this species, differing merely in degree rather than in kind.
Cultivation.
An easily cultivated, fast growing epiphyte or lithophytic plant. Needs a compost containing plenty of humus and sufficient moisture in summer. Should not be kept under 5°C (41°F) in winter. Perform best if grown in full sun. Extra light in the early spring will stimulate budding. Flowers in late spring or early summer, only blooms one night a year or several years and withers within hours.
Description.
Stems scandent, clambering or sprawling, branching, sometimes forming tangles, producing aerial roots, stiff, to 10m long or more, (10)15-25(-30)mm thick; ribs (4-)7-8(-10), low, less so on older branches, separated by broad, rounded intervals, slightly wavy to strongly knobby; areoles small, wool white or greyish white, internodes (6-)12-20mm; spines 5-18, to 4,5-12mm, basally ca 0,25mm in Ø, acicular, elliptic or circular in cross section, bulbous basally, spreading, yellowish brown to brownish or yellow, grey in age, eventually deciduous hairs from lower part of areole ± numerous white or brownish, mature vegetative areoles usually lacking hairs, juveline plants have spines shorter and fewer; epidermis glaucous green or bluish green, often ± purplish, smooth. Flowers 17-22,5 cm long, fragrant reminding or vanilla and orange-flower; pericarpel 25mm long, with bracteoles 5mm, strap-shaped and yellowish, covered with nearly white or tawny hairs and sharp bristles; receptacle 7,5-8,7 cm, bracteoles 5-14mm, strap-shaped to linear, yellowish with long, nearly white or tawny, wavy hairs and sharp bristles in their axils, ca 25mm long; outer tepals 7,5–10 cm long, averaging 4,5mm wide, linear-attenuate, light brown, salmon to pink buff, yellowish adaxially; inner tepals 7,5–10 cm long, 9- 12(-15)mm, shorter than outer tepals, wide, lanceolate, gradually narrowed into a pointed or acute apex, white; stamens 38-50mm long, delinate, white, anthers 1,5mm long, yellowish; style 15–20 cm long, often longer than inner tepals, 1,5mm greatest Ø, stigma lobes 7-12, ca 7,5mm long, slender. Fruit ovoid, 5–9 cm long, 4,5–7 cm thick, whitish, partly pink, pink, yellow or orange, covered with clusters of spines and hairs which soon drop off, juicy, the imbilicus small and inconspicuous.
Four subspecies are recognized:
Hybrids.
Selenicereus ×callianthus (Gaillard) Lindinger (1942). This is a hybrid between this species and "Selenicereus pteranthus". Many plants under the name "Selenicereus grandiflorus" may belong to this cross. It is very similar to "Selenicereus pteranthus", but stems more slender and spines, longer and yellowish.

</doc>
<doc id="18952087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952087" title="The Book Club Bible">
The Book Club Bible

The Book Club Bible is a non-fiction anthology of literary reviews, with a foreword by Lionel Shriver, whose novel "We Need To Talk About Kevin" has its own prominent entry. Aside from providing a synopsis for each book, the text also features background information on the author, suggested comparison volumes, a detailed historical context and starting points for group discussion. The intention of the anthology is to encourage book club members to seek out and discuss important contemporary or classical works.

</doc>
<doc id="18952090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952090" title="Florida Scrub Jay">
Florida Scrub Jay

The Florida Scrub Jay ("Aphelocoma coerulescens") is one of the species of scrub jay native to North America. It is the only species of bird endemic to the U.S. state of Florida and one of only 15 species endemic to the United States. Because of this, it is heavily sought by birders who travel from across the country to observe this unique species. It is known to have been present in Florida as a distinct species for at least 2 million years, and is possibly derived from the ancestors of Woodhouse's Scrub Jay, the inland forms of the Western Scrub-jay.
It measures in length, and weighs from , with an average . The wingspan of the jay is . It has a strong black bill, blue head and nape without a crest, a whitish forehead and supercilium, blue bib, blue wings, grayish underparts, gray back, long blue tail, black legs and feet.
Dangers of human feeding.
An inquisitive and intelligent species, the most striking attribute of the Florida Scrub Jay's behavior is its remarkable tameness. As such, scrub jays willingly take food from human hands.
Unfortunately, this tameness is dangerous to the well-being of the species. Florida Scrub Jays that are fed by humans will reproduce earlier in the year than those that are not. However, fledgling scrub jays feed primarily on caterpillars present in the late spring and summer; if they hatch too early in the year when the caterpillars are not available, this can lead to their malnutrition or starvation.
Another potential danger of feeding Florida Scrub Jays occurs when people feed them near a road, as one major cause of death for scrub jays in urban areas is collision with vehicles.
Ecology.
The Florida Scrub Jay is found only in Florida scrub habitat, an ecosystem that exists only in central Florida and is characterized by nutrient-poor soil, occasional drought, and frequent wildfires. Because of its somewhat harsh weather pattern, this habitat is host to a small assortment of very specific plants, including Sand Pine, Sand Live Oak, Myrtle Oak, Chapman's Oak, Sandhill Oak, Florida Rosemary and various other hardy plants such as Eastern prickly pear.
Florida Scrub Jays are omnivorous and eat a wide variety of acorns, seeds, peanuts, insects, tree frogs, turtles, snakes, lizards, and young mice. Florida Scrub Jays have also been occasionally observed to eat other birds' eggs or nestlings, but this occurs rarely. They routinely cache thousands of acorns a year, burying them just beneath the surface. The acorns are typically buried in the fall and consumed during the winter and spring. Acorns that are forgotten or missed may germinate, making the Florida Scrub-Jay an effective agent for the dispersal of a variety of oak trees.
Scrub jays may also take silverware and other shiny objects in a manner similar to the American Crow.
Reproduction.
Florida Scrub Jays are one of the few cooperative breeding birds in North America. Fledgling Florida Scrub Jays remain in their parents' habitat for several years and help to rear young, watch for predators (such as Short-tailed or "Accipiter" hawks), and defend territory against neighboring Florida Scrub Jay family groups. These families can range in size from 2 to 8.
Conservation.
Scrub habitat has dwindled considerably in the past several decades as Florida has continued to develop. Wildfire suppression also leads to the natural succession of large oaks and trees which changes the habitat. In recent years, environmental groups within the state have made a strong effort at preserving Florida's remaining scrub through controlled burns and even clearing out areas of large trees to increase the size of a scrub habitat. Oscar Scherer State Park near Sarasota has one of the larger habitats under state management.
The Florida Scrub Jay was officially listed as a threatened state species by Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission in 1975 and it was listed as a threatened federal species by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service in 1987.
In 1993, there were estimated to be 4000 breeding pairs left in the wild. Despite the protections, the Scrub Jay is still thought to be on the decline. Studies done in Brevard County, once the most numerous Florida county for Scrub Jays, noted declines of about 33% since the 1993 census alone.
Another attempt to conserve the bird is an ongoing campaign to name the Florida Scrub Jay the new state bird of Florida. The main argument for changing the state bird is that the current state bird (viz. the Northern mockingbird) is the state bird of several other states, while the Scrub Jay is exclusive to Florida.
In recent years there has been some debate about whether or not the Florida Scrub Jay should be officially listed as an Endangered Species because of the loss of homes. However, environmentalists hope that current conservation efforts should help the species population to at least stabilize.
On the other hand, the IUCN classifies this species as vulnerable to extinction. In 2004, the population was declining and no more than 10 subpopulations were known. Both the number of adult birds as well as amount and quality of habitat were in decline, and local subpopulations were in danger of disappearing altogether. About 8000 mature birds were believed to exist—with no more than 1000 in any one subpopulation—and population numbers had dropped by about 10% over the last decade or so.
A long-term and ongoing study of the Florida Scrub Jay has been taking place at the Archbold Biological Station at Lake Placid.
The Florida Scrub Jay was featured in episode 11, season 3 of the Showtime television series "".

</doc>
<doc id="18952100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952100" title="Lophophora">
Lophophora

Lophophora is a genus of spineless, button-like cacti native to the southwestern United States (Texas and New Mexico) through Northeast Mexico and South to Querétaro in central Mexico. 
The species are extremely slow growing, sometimes taking up to thirty years to reach flowering age (at the size of about a golf ball, excluding the root) in the wild. Cultivated specimens grow considerably faster, usually taking between three to ten years to reach from seedling to mature flowering adult. The slow rate of reproduction and over-harvesting by collectors render the species under threat in the wild.
Taxonomy.
"Lophophora" means "crest-bearing", referring to the tufts of trichomes that adorn each tubercle. The name is derived from the two Ancient Greek words "λοφος" ("lophos", the crest of a hill or helmet) and "φορεω" ("phoreo", to carry). "Lophophora" has been reported to comprise everything from one species, "L. williamsii" with varieties, to the four species "L. diffusa", "L. fricii", "L. viridescens", and "L. williamsii". Most modern authorities consider "Lophophora" to be a genus of two species, "L. diffusa" and "L. williamsii". Recent DNA sequencing studies (Butterworth et al. 2002) have shown that "L. diffusa" and "L. williamsii" indeed are distinct species. DNA evidence from the alleged species "L. fricii" and "L. viridescens" would allow for more accurate classification.
Below is given a key for the currently accepted species along with the "species" and varieties that must be considered synonymous. Detailed arguments for this classification can be found in "Peyote: The Divine Cactus" (Anderson 1996, pp. 210–219).
Ethnobotany.
"Lophophora williamsii", commonly known as peyote, is noted for its psychotropic alkaloids. These alkaloids are absent or only found in extremely small amounts in the other species "Lophophora diffusa". While "L. diffusa" is known for having psychoactive effects, these effects are described not so much as "visionary", like peyote, but rather a delirious high such as those associated with the use of "Datura" and "Belladonna". The stem is used as a spiritual hallucinogen, and is applied topically as a galactogogue, or lactation aid .
Cultivation.
"Lophophora" species easily adapt to cultivation. Although a cactus, most of the range this genus is found is within a subtropical climate for some portion of the year. In habitat plants in this genus are subject to seasonal monsoons within their range and the plants live in areas where they may be underwater for several weeks during heavy rains and can tolerate a lot of water when the temperatures are above . These plants are heat adapted and grow rapidly when exposed to temperatures of and watered heavily in the summer. In habitat, plants from areas which experience seasonal monsoons and high temperatures such as southern Texas can reach flowering size in five years. During the fall and winter months, the plants receive almost no water in habitat and are subjected to temperatures which can drop somewhat below during the winter. The plants should not be watered during the winter rest or watered sparingly when they begin to shrink and wrinkle only enough to keep them turgid. "Lophophora" plants must be kept completely dry if they are subjected to temperatures below as watering plants and subjecting them to below freezing temperatures will typically result in the death of the plant.
Seedlings grow most rapidly when enclosed in a sealed terrarium environment, having been germinated in trays of shallow sand covered with plastic wrap with several small pin sized holes in the plastic wrapping. This may seem strange for a cactus, but Lophophora seedlings are adapted to germinate and grow during the seasonal monsoons. Plants grown this way can reach a diameter of in just over a year and can be removed from their hyper-humid environment approximately two months after germination. They will typically reach flowering size in just under three years via this method.
"Lophophora" are closely related to the genera "Ariocarpus", "Aztekium", and "Obregonia" and like its relatives possesses a large taproot system with the majority of the plant's mass underground for water storage. "Lophophora" is more tolerant of soil types than its relatives, and typically grows in areas which have decomposed limestone present in the soil. In cultivation, "Lophophora" does best in a fast draining mineral based soil which is about two thirds sand. Abundant water is beneficial in the summer months when the temperatures are over and exposed to full sunlight for maximum growth, but must be allowed to dry out completely between waterings. They should also be fertilized twice a year. Over fertilizing will typically result in the "Lophophora" developing cracks and splitting. At times, some varieties of "Lophophora" will develop a corky material on the plant body if exposed to pesticides or insecticidal soap. This corky condition will usually heal in a manner very similar to human skin if the plants are exposed to full sunlight.
When overwatered during the winter months, "Lophophora" plants can succumb to soil-borne fungus infections. Pyroclay (Pyrophyllitic Clay) is an effective preventative and soil additive which increases their resistance. Due to the large amount of alkaloids produced by this plant and stored in its tissues, "Lophophora" roots (not the green part of the plant above ground) are highly alkaline and are known to harbor "Clostridium botulinum" bacteria and should not be used for human consumption and have been found to contain botulinum toxin in nature.
"Lophophora" are free flowering in cultivation and although they can withstand low temperatures during winter they do not require a cold shocking in order to initiate flowering. "Lophophora" plants in habitat typically flower after rainstorms which have been preceded by a period of high temperatures and dry conditions. Plants in cultivation can be encouraged to flower by subjecting the plants to high temperatures, direct sunlight, and withholding water for several weeks, then watering heavily which will usually initiate flowering.

</doc>
<doc id="18952101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952101" title="Yusuf Haroon">
Yusuf Haroon

Muhammad Yusuf Abdullah Haroon (Urdu: یوسف ہارون) was a politician from Sindh, Pakistan. 
The eldest of Sir Haji Abdullah Haroon’s sons, he worked closely with Quaid-e-Azam as his ADC and was active in the Pakistan Movement. Yusuf Haroon was a witness to All-India Muslim League’s 25th session in Allahabad in 1930.
A seasoned politician, Yusuf’s involvement in politics spanned nearly seven decades. He served as mayor of pre-independence Karachi (1944–45), chief minister of Sindh (1949–50), governor of West Pakistan (1969) and federal minister. He was also a former high commissioner to Australia. In addition, he worked as chief editor daily Dawn. After settling down in New York a long time ago, he served as an executive of the now defunct Pan Am before retiring. 
Yusuf Haroon was a founding member of the newspaper Dawn. In 1946, when Yusuf was in New Delhi to attend a constituent assembly session, Jinnah called him to his residence and asked him to discontinue the newspaper The Herald, then edited by Desmond Young, and instead start the publication of Dawn in Karachi, even though Dawn’s Delhi edition would continue to be published. Jinnah also asked him and his family to buy all the shares of the newspaper.
As chief minister Yusuf Haroon piloted a bill for land reform, although the move was thwarted by certain quarters. When the bill failed to pass he relinquished duties as chief minister. Among many other things, he will be remembered for releasing Masood Khadarposh’s dissenting note in the Hari Commission report.
Yusuf Haroon died on February 12, 2011 at the age of 95 in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18952103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952103" title="Opuntia basilaris">
Opuntia basilaris

Opuntia basilaris, the Beavertail Cactus, is a cactus species found in southwest United States. It occurs mostly in the Mojave Desert, Anza-Borrego Desert State Park, and Colorado Deserts, and also in the Colorado Plateau and northwest Mexico; it ranges through the Grand Canyon and Colorado River region to southern Utah, and in western Arizona, regions along the Lower Colorado River Valley. The Beavertail Cactus is a medium-sized to small prickly pear cactus, depending on variety, growing to about 60 cm tall. A single plant may consist of hundreds of fleshy, flattened pads. These are more or less blue-gray, depending on variety, growing to a length of 14 cm and are maximum 10 cm wide and 1 to 1.5 cm thick. They are typically spineless, but have instead many small barbed bristles, called glochids, that easily penetrate the skin. The pink to rose colored flowers are most common; however, a rare variety of white and even yellow flowers also exist. Opuntia basilaris bloom from spring to early summer.
There are two subspecies and several varieties of this species:
Some experts consider the Trelease's Beavertail to be a full species (Bowen 1987, R. van de Hoek). It is unique among the varieties of "Opuntia basilaris" in that the eye-spots contain spines in addition to the bristles; this indicates that the species does vary a lot in its exterior.
Chemistry.
"Opuntia basilaris" contains 0.01% mescaline and 4-hydroxy-3-5-dimethoxyphenethylamine.

</doc>
<doc id="18952120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952120" title="Murad Gaidarov">
Murad Gaidarov

Murad Gaidarov (, "Murad Haidarau"; ), (born February 13, 1980 in Khasavyurt, Dagestan ASSR, Soviet Union) is a Belarusian wrestler. Gaidarov won the bronze medal in men's 74 kg freestyle wrestling at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18952160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952160" title="California Victim Compensation and Government Claims Board">
California Victim Compensation and Government Claims Board

The three-member Victim Compensation and Government Claims Board (VCGCB) is a state agency of the U.S. state of California that oversees the provision of compensation to victims of violent crime, the resolution of claims against state agencies, and the collection of restitution from criminal offenders. The VCGCB is part of the California State and Consumer Services Agency (SCSA). The board consists of three members: the Secretary of the SCSA who serves as the chair, the California State Controller, and a member appointed by the Governor, currently San Bernardino County District Attorney Michael Ramos.
Victim Compensation Program (CalVCP).
The California Victim Compensation Program (CalVCP) provides compensation for victims of violent crime who are injured or threatened with injury. Among the crimes covered are domestic violence, child abuse, sexual and physical assault, homicide, robbery, drunk driving and vehicular manslaughter. If a person meets eligibility criteria, CalVCP will compensate many types of services when the costs are not covered by other sources. Eligible services include medical and dental care, mental health services such as psychotherapy, income loss, funeral expenses, rehabilitation and relocation. Funding for CalVCP comes from restitution fines and orders, penalty assessments levied on persons convicted of crimes and traffic offenses, and federal matching funds.
The Board's Restitution and Recovery Program works to ensure that, where possible, perpetrators of violent crimes are ordered by the courts to pay restitution.
The CalVCP program was the first program of its kind when it began in 1965, with the goal to help and provide financial assistance to victims of violent crime and those at threat of personal injury from crime.
Government Claims Program.
The Government Claims Program (GCP) helps resolve claims against State agencies and employees for money or damages. In most cases, a person who is considering suing the state is required to first seek an administrative remedy by filing a claim with the GCP. Typical claims involve state vehicle accidents, contract disputes, outdated State checks and damage to property. The GCP is self-funded, supported by a US$25 filing fee and a surcharge paid by state agencies on approved claims.
Additional responsibilities of the Victim Compensation and Government Claims Board.
Restitution Recovery: A highly effective revenue recovery program focuses on collecting restitution payments and reimbursements from criminal offenders that in turn fund compensation for crime victims.
Compensation for Good Samaritans: The Board administers the provisions of California law that provide for compensation to Good Samaritans who suffer injury or loss as a result of their efforts to prevent a crime, apprehend a criminal, or rescue a person in immediate danger of injury or death.
Missing Children Reward Program: The California Legislature created the Missing Children Reward Program to assist local law enforcement agencies and other parties involved in the identification and recovery of missing children in California.
Claims of Erroneously Convicted Felons: Under California law, a person erroneously convicted of a felony and incarcerated in a California state prison may file a claim against the state for pecuniary loss.
California State Employees Charitable Campaign: The Board assists with the administration of the California State Employees Charitable Campaign. This campaign provides a single, coordinated fund-raising drive that allows state employees to direct contributions from their paychecks to any of the hundreds of participating charitable organizations.
Bid Protests: California law provides that an unsuccessful bidder may protest the award of a state contract, if the bidder believes they should have been selected based on the criteria in the bid request document.
References.
Victim Compensation Program authorized by California Government Code § 13952-13974

</doc>
<doc id="18952162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952162" title="African Zionism">
African Zionism

Zionism, also known as the "amaZioni" which is a Zulu word meaning the people of Zion. There are between 15-18 million amaZioni throughout Southern Africa making it the largest religious movement in the region. Zionism is the predominant religion of Swaziland and forty percent of Swazis consider themselves Zionist. It is also common among Zulus in South Africa. The amaZioni are found in South Africa, Swaziland, Mozambique, Malawi, Zimbabwe, Botswana, and Namibia. It is a combination of Christianity and African Traditional Religion.
History.
The Zionist churches of southern Africa were founded by Petrus Louis Le Roux, an Afrikaner
faith healer. He was a former member of the Dutch Reformed Church who joined John Alexander Dowie's Christian Catholic Church based in Zion, Illinois. In 1903 Dowie sent a Daniel Bryant to South Africa to work alongside Le Roux. In 1908 Daniel Nkonyane became the leader of the church. By the 1920s the church in Africa was entirely separated from its American version. In the mid-1980s the church in Zion, Illinois (now called Christ Community Church) began reestablishing a connection with the Zion movement in Southern Africa. The church works through an agency called Zion Evangelical Ministries of Africa or ZEMA. In South Africa, churches were established at Wakkerstroom and Charlestown on the Transvaal-Natal border.
Practices.
Zionism blends traditional African beliefs with faith-healing and water baptism. Some members wear white robes and carry staffs.

</doc>
<doc id="18952165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952165" title="John Davey (tree surgeon)">
John Davey (tree surgeon)

John Davey (June 6, 1846 – November 8, 1923), considered the father of the science of tree surgery, was born in Stawley, Somerset, England. Although he did not learn the alphabet until his early 20s, his sharp intellect and analytical skills allowed him to become a skilled orator, author, publisher and inventor.
John Davey mastered agriculture under the tutelage of his father, the superintendent of a large farm. He developed a strong work ethic and passion for arboriculture. Davey believed that great lengths should be taken to preserve natural resources, especially those that take more than a lifetime to replace.
He took his convictions to America in hopes of preserving ailing trees and providing quality horticultural services. He subsequently launched a landscape and greenhouse business in Warren, Ohio, and then, in 1880, founded The Davey Tree Expert Company in nearby Kent.
The company, still headquartered in Kent today, is a tribute to John Davey’s ingenuity. His motto, “Do It Right Or Not At All” and his commitment to environmental stewardship are the guiding principles inspiring the company’s approximately 7,000 nationwide employees.
Davey was the father of both Martin L. Davey, governor of Ohio from 1935–1939 and Paul H. Davey, founder of the Davey Compressor company. Davey also had sons Wellington and James (Jim) as well as daughters Belle and Mary.
Societal benefit/scientific advancement.
Davey began to share his passion and science with the general public in 1878, when he published Davey’s Floral and Landscape Educator, a monthly newsletter for his customers. His signature work came in 1901, when he self-published The Tree Doctor, a comprehensive arboricultural guide. It is generally acknowledged that this book spawned an industry - tree care - and was truly ahead of its time.
The Tree Doctor discussed Davey’s inventions and laid the groundwork for future patents. Available for $1, it became the comprehensive resource for those interested in tree and landscape preservation, and featured a multitude of descriptive photographs to enhance understanding, a rarity in Davey’s day.
He analogized tree surgery to physician care, effectively changing attitudes and perceptions. For John Davey it was simple. If you needed surgery, you visited the surgeon, not the local butcher. Likewise, trees needing repair should be examined and restored by “tree scientists”, those versed in the latest methods of arboriculture.
Davey urged citizens and governments to adopt a scientific approach to tree preservation, and he used his expertise to champion the causes of environmental stewardship and urban forest preservation.
A spellbinding orator and prolific speaker on the Chautauqua circuit, John Davey would often waive his fee if the audience would promise to plant the seed packet that he had distributed at the beginning of the discourse. He employed innovative methods to communicate his passion for tree care, and often used lantern slide projections to illustrate his talks.
Awards.
John Davey received wide acclaim among the influential thinkers of his day. His recognition as the leader in tree science came through his company being retained by the United States and Canadian governments and scions of industry to protect, preserve and restore their precious trees.
For example, in 1920, he received acclaim from such clients as The White House, The Naval Academy, and innovators and entrepreneours Thomas Edison, John D. Rockefeller and William Wrigley.
Research/inventions.
John Davey’s inventions in the field of tree surgery were numerous, and included tree cavity filling, tree cabling and bracing, large tree moving and innovations in fertilization and disease prevention. He was the named inventor, joined by two sons, on two patents, and developed the research leading to twelve others patented by family members and employees of The Davey Tree Expert Company.
Pruning innovations.
Progressive thinking was evident in John Davey’s research. Among his most enduring innovations, now revised, was his theory of proper tree pruning. John Davey hypothesized that, just as a wooden house needs paint or waterproofing protection, tree wounds need to be sterilized and waterproofed to heal and remain impervious to decay.
He had also noted that improperly pruned trees were unable to heal themselves. He thus became an early advocate of proper pruning techniques, including an angled cut to conform to a tree’s natural physiological processes. This proper pruning innovation was radical for the time period, and has only been adopted as the industry standard within the past 25 years.
Cavity filling.
Davey observed that hollow trees often fell victim to wounds beginning as an exterior callous and inflicting decay inwardly on either side of the cavity. In response, he invented a cavity-filling process to replace the supporting surface artificially and to induce the callus to heal naturally over the face of the cavity.
Again analogizing tree science to the medical profession, Davey determined that tree experts, like dentists, could effectively fill a tree cavity with a special substance, disinfect it, and then apply a sealer to protect the wound. The tree’s natural growth process would cover the cavity filling, preventing further damage and, most importantly, preserving a healthy tree.
Cavity filling is now considered to be damaging and is not part of modern arboriculture; avoidance of making large wounds is the modern approach, which hinges around avoiding interference with natural decay compartmentalization processes.
Cabling and bracing.
Davey’s research demonstrated that certain trees by reason of their branching patterns were structurally weak. To preserve these trees, such as stately elms, Davey invented steel bracing and cabling methods that served as protection from the stress and strain associated with heavy winds and storms.
This allowed urban areas to prevent property damage due to falling trees. It also served to ensure the safety of pedestrians and homeowners.
The Davey compressor.
John Davey's youngest and only son to serve in World War I, Paul H. Davey returned from his service and was placed in charge of research at the Davey Tree Expert Company. The young and ambitious Paul Davey developed and patented a lightweight air compressor to be used in tree surgery and developed his designs to the point that the Davey Compressor Company was incorporated in 1929 to begin production. the “Davey Compressor”, an air-cooled compressor, was developed initially for use by The Davey Tree Expert Company however its uses would prove far reaching in the years ahead. The compressor was truly innovative for its time – it was much less bulky and more portable than the conventional water-cooled compressors of the day. The use of a finned aluminum head helped conduct heat away from the engine and therefore avoid the need for water-cooling. The new compressor, although lighter and smaller, easily matched the power output of conventional compressors, and allowed Davey to more efficiently use power spraying to remove decay from tree cavities. Paul Davey would go on to patent over 50 designs and improvements in the compressed air and related fields. The Davey Compressor Company thrived in Kent, OH and operated in the large factory that was once the repair shops for the Atlantic and Great Western Railroad Company. During World War II Paul Davey and his company turned the efforts of both his ingenuity and his factory towards war production. The company manufactured truck driven equipment, such as flood lighting and field servicing units, as well as compressors for military uses. After World War II the Compressor Company began production of truck mounted drilling equipment. Davey's new line of drills became a common sight putting in new highway right of ways, as well as drilling water wells, oil wells and blastholes. After years of continued success and growth with its drill rigs a new company was founded in 1981 by John Davey's great grandson and Paul Davey's grandson, Joseph Thomas Myers II. The new company, Davey Kent Inc. began the Davey Drill Division which still serves the world market for foundation and geotechnical drilling equipment.
Scientific study.
A true scientist, Davey was committed to improving the technology and tools needed to advance tree care research. His company developed the rhisotron, an underground research station. The square, -deep station featured one side of polished plate glass with a unique subterranean vantage point, allowing Davey to view and directly study tree root growth.
The invention propelled Davey to become the first to prove that tree root growth is shallow and lateral, as opposed to deep and vertical, the view common among Davey’s contemporaries. This discovery led to the development of root fertilization and watering techniques designed to stimulate the growth of the tree.
Davey’s passion for scientific study and knowledge led to his founding in 1908 of the Davey Institute of Tree Surgery. This cutting edge training facility was staffed by experts and dedicated to providing Davey employees with the skill and tools needed to advance the science. The Davey Institute continues to this day to provide basic tree science as the educational foundation for company employees.
Patents.
The following patents were directly attributable to John Davey. He successfully defended his patents in 35 Federal District Courts. Each time these courts issued injunctions to prevent infringement. (patent abstracts are attached)
'"1. Patent #890,968 (1908)
Process of Treating and Dressing a Bruise or Wound in the Trunk or Live Branch of a Live Tree
This process, pioneered and patented by John Davey, helped preserve and revitalize injured and/or dying trees through a method akin to surgery. By removing the decayed and unsound wood from the tree and then filling the wound with cementitious material and well-placed anchor ties, the tree could effectively be reinforced. The tree cavity was first coated with molten tar, and a drainage system installed, and a waterproof covering added to ensure sustained vitality.
"'2. Patent #890,967 (1908)
Means for Tying Tree Branches Together
As part of the science of tree surgery, John Davey patented the method allowing for the bracing of two branches to avoid further splitting where a wound existed at the base. This was done preparatory to surgery in order to maintain branch health. The mechanical apparatus consisted of a chain link device with hook bolts and a shank at either end, allowing the tied branches to move as a unit rather than through separate, divisive forces.

</doc>
<doc id="18952167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952167" title="Formulary (pharmacy)">
Formulary (pharmacy)

At its most basic level, a 'formulary' is a list of medicines. Traditionally, a formulary contained a collection of formulas for the compounding and testing of medication (a resource closer to what would be referred to as a pharmacopoeia today). Today, the main function of a prescription formulary is to specify particular medications that are approved to be prescribed under a particular insurance policy. The development of prescription formularies is based on evaluations of efficacy, safety, and cost-effectiveness of drugs. 
Depending on the individual formulary, it may also contain additional clinical information, such as side effects, contraindications, and doses.
By the turn of the millennium, 156 countries had "national" or "provincial essential medicines lists" and 135 countries had national treatment guidelines and/or formulary manuals.
Australia.
In Australia, where there is a public health care system, medications are subsidised under the PBS and medications that are available under the PBS and the indications for which they can be obtained under said scheme can be found in at least two places, the PBS webpage (http://www.pbs.gov.au/pbs/home) and the Australian Medicines Handbook.
United States.
In the US, where a system of private healthcare is in place, a formulary is a list of prescription drugs available to enrollees, and a tiered formulary provide financial incentives for patients to select lower-cost drugs. For example, under a 3-tier formulary, the first tier typically includes generic drugs with the lowest cost sharing (e.g., 10% coinsurance), the second includes preferred brand-name drugs with higher cost sharing (e.g., 25%), and the third includes non-preferred brand-name drugs with the highest cost-sharing (e.g., 40%). 
When used appropriately, formularies can help manage drug costs imposed on the insurance policy. However, for drugs that are not on formulary, patients must pay a larger percentage of the cost of the drug, sometimes 100%. Formularies vary between drug plans and differ in the breadth of drugs covered and costs of co-pay and premiums. Most formularies cover at least one drug in each drug class, and encourage generic substitution (also known as a preferred drug list).
United Kingdom.
In the UK, the National Health Service (NHS) provides publicly funded universal health care, financed by national health insurance. Here, formularies exist to specify which drugs are available on the NHS. The two main reference sources providing this information are the British National Formulary (BNF) and the Drug Tariff. There is a section in the Drug Tariff, known unofficially as the “Blacklist”, detailing medicines which are not to be prescribed under the NHS and must be paid for privately by the patient.
In addition to this, local NHS Trusts, including Hospital Trusts and Primary Care Trusts (PCTs), produce their own lists of medicines deemed preferable for prescribing within their locality or organisation; such lists are usually a subset of the more comprehensive BNF. These formularies are not absolutely binding, and physicians may prescribe a non-formulary medicine if they consider it necessary and justifiable. Often, these local formularies are shared between a PCT and hospitals within that PCT's jurisdiction, in order to facilitate the procedure of transferring a patient from primary care to secondary care, thus causing fewer “interfacing” issues in the process.
As in the United States, NHS trusts actively encourage generic prescribing, in order to save more of the budget allocated to them by their Strategic Health Authority, and ultimately, the Department of Health.
National formulary of India.
The National Formulary of India would prove to be the authoritative guide to prescribing, dispensing and administering medicines for all healthcare professionals. It will be useful for framing national drug policies in the country. Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Govt. of India vide its notifications F. No. X. 11035/2/06-DFQC, dated 8th May 2008 assigned this mandatory responsibility to the Indian Pharmacopoeia Commission, Ghaziabad to publish NFI on regular basis.
History of NationalFormulary of India (NFI):
The IPC with its mission to be one of the leading scientificinstitutions under the central government puts stress on keeping transparency,accountability and punctuality and the publication of the NFI.
The National Formulary of India editions are as follows: -  
1--National Formulary of India 1960 -The first edition of NFI 
2--National Formulary of India 1966 -The Second edition of NFI 
3--National Formulary of India 1979 –The Third edition of NFI 
4--National Formulary of India 2010; Fourth Edition 
5--CD-ROM of National Formulary of India
Procurement of Indian Pharmacopoeia (IP) and National Formulary ofIndia (NFI):-
The Indian Pharmacopoeia can be procured from Office of the Secretary-cum-Scientific Director, Indian Pharmacopoeia Commission at CIPL Campus, Rajnagar, Sector-23, Ghaziabad – 201 002 (UP) through demand draft in favour of “Secretary-cum-Scientific Director, Indian Pharmacopoeia Commission” payable at Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh. The same can be procured from our authorized distributors in India through our distribution network.A "national formulary" contains a list of medicines that are approved for prescription throughout the country, indicating which products are interchangeable. It includes key information on the composition, description, selection, prescribing, dispensing and administration of medicines. Those drugs considered less suitable for prescribing are clearly identified.
Examples of national formularies are:

</doc>
<doc id="18952173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952173" title="Glen Mills">
Glen Mills

Glen Mills OD is a sprinting athletics coach from Jamaica. He was the head coach of the Jamaican Olympic athletics team between 1987 and 2009. He is currently head coach of the Racers Track Club which includes world and Olympic record holder Usain Bolt and the 100 metre World Champion Yohan Blake. Other athletes that he has coached in the past include Kim Collins, Dwain Chambers and Ray Stewart.
Early years.
Mills enjoyed athletics from an early age and, after moving to Camperdown High School, promptly joined the sprinting team at age 13. After his first year he was dissatisfied with his performances and gave up on the idea of becoming a professional sprinter. Despite this setback Mills was still enamoured with athletics and frequently attended the practice meetings to watch the others run. The high school coach, Henry McDonald Messam, noticed his interest and reluctance to participate and so assigned him various tasks and chores to keep him busy. Two years after, Mills had learnt well from the head coach and was given the job of coaching a class of younger track and field athletes. He retained the job after graduation, progressing to form an official part of the Camperdown High School coaching staff. The arrival of a new head of the sports department threatened Mills coaching opportunities and he was sacked in favour of a more experienced coach. The move backfired as many of the school's better athletes chose to stand by Mills, training with him at his new, unofficial training ground. Mills was quickly reinstated at the school and went on to train many successful sprinters, including Olympic silver medallist Raymond Stewart.
By the early 1970s Mills had trained a significant number of male sprinters in the national junior team. The Jamaica Amateur Athletic Association (JAAA) called on him to work on the team, for the CARIFTA Games. Following this appointment Mills became a prominent coach in the Jamaican athletics scene. He continued to work on his coaching style and earned a diploma from the International Olympic Committee training centre in Mexico and a qualification in High-Level Sprint Tech training at the IAAF Training Centre in Puerto Rico. During his time as a coach in Jamaica he has worked with a number of Caribbean athletes including Yohan Blake, Aleen Bailey, Xavier Brown, Leroy Reid and Kim Collins. In addition, Mills also coached British sprinter Dwain Chambers when his athletics ban expired.
Training Bolt.
Mills was approached by Usain Bolt shortly after the Athens Olympics and he became the sprinter's coach in late 2004. Bolt was initially a 200 metres specialist but Mills suggested that his young charge should improve his stamina to run over 400 metres. Bolt was more keen on running the 100 metres instead and Mills promised him that he could run in the event on the condition that he beat the 200 metres National Record first. At the 2007 Jamaican Championships in June, Bolt broke Donald Quarrie's 36-year-old record by 0.11 seconds, running 19.75 seconds. Mills agreed to Bolt's demands and let him run the 100 m event. The acceptance of the request paid dividends for both sprinter and coach as Mills was impressed with Bolt's new drive and focus in training. By the end of 2007 Mills was pleased with Bolt's performances and the coaching had improved his technique, particularly with a more efficient stride frequency and better balancing. In a trade-off the two agreed to a two part training programme in preparation for the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Mills would help Bolt work on his speed for the 100 m initially then turn his focus to the stamina needed for the 200 m. The programme paid off as Bolt set three world records and took gold in both 100 m and 200 m events in Beijing. Bolt praised Mills, saying it was his coaching which made him improve, not only as an athlete, but also as a person. Despite Bolt's unprecedented achievements in Beijing, Mills still felt he could improve if his stride frequency was further improved and his technique perfected.
Mills stepped down as the Olympic Jamaican athletics coach in late 2009, having overseen athletes to 71 world championship and 33 Olympic medals in his 22 years in the role. He said other prominent coaches deserved a chance at undertaking the position and decided he wanted to focus more on his Racers Track Club team.
Drugs Controversy.
In June 2009, 5 Jamaican athletes were found positive for banned substances. At least 2 of the athletes belong to the Racers Track Club and were coached by Glen Mills The athletes were later revealed to be Yohan Blake, Marvin Anderson, Allodin Fothergill, Lansford Spence and Sheri-Ann Brooks, who all tested positive for the stimulant Methylhexanamine, a compound similar to Tuaminoheptane, and were subsequently banned for 3 months by the Jamaica Anti-Doping Commission 

</doc>
<doc id="18952178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952178" title="Craig House (baseball)">
Craig House (baseball)

Craig Michael House (born July 8, 1977 in Okinawa, Japan) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. House was drafted by the Colorado Rockies in the 12th round of the 1999 Major League Baseball Draft. He made his debut on August 8, , with the Rockies. House would only pitch in sixteen games for Colorado, having one win, with one loss, and a 7.24 ERA.
2000 would be his only major league season, after being part of a three-team trade in January involving the Rockies, New York Mets, and Milwaukee Brewers. House was selected off waivers by the Los Angeles Dodgers in February, but was released at the end of the year. After not catching on with the Seattle Mariners, Florida Marlins, Baltimore Orioles, or Texas Rangers, he retired after .

</doc>
<doc id="18952187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952187" title="Louis Lewin">
Louis Lewin

Louis Lewin (born in Tuchel, West Prussia, November 9, 1850; died December 1, 1929 in Berlin) was a German pharmacologist. In 1886, he published the first methodical analysis of the Peyote cactus, a variant of which was named "Anhalonium lewinii" in his honor.
He received his education at the gymnasium and the University of Berlin (M.D. 1876). The two years following his graduation he spent at Munich, in the laboratories of von Voit and Pettenkofer. Returning to Berlin in 1878, he became assistant at the pharmacological institute of the university, and in 1881 he was admitted to the medical faculty as "Privatdozent". In 1897 he was finally appointed professor.
In Berlin, a street and the nearby underground train station were named in his honor.
Drug classification.
One of Lewin's most enduring tasks was to create a system of classification of psychoactive drugs and plants based on their pharmacologic action. His original categories were:
Works.
Lewin was a prolific writer. Among his many essays may be mentioned:
Lewin is also the author of the following books:

</doc>
<doc id="18952188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952188" title="Q Radio">
Q Radio

Q Radio was an online, DAB and DTV radio station, broadcasting on digital television across the UK and online. The station launched in June 2008 as an alternative to the UK's rock and alternative stations, with a strong relationship with Q magazine. The station formed part of the Bauer Passion Portfolio. Coinciding with the launch of Kiss spin-off stations Kisstory and KissFresh, Q Radio closed on 7 May 2013.
History.
After running for several years as an online digital jukebox, former controller of BBC 6 Music and Capital Radio, and Top of the Pops executive producer Ric Blaxill was recruited to form a full station. 
Q Radio launched on DAB in London on 2 June 2008 with a full schedule including Samanthi (formerly of XFM and BBC2's "Desi DNA") and comedian and 2008 If.comeddies nominee Russell Kane. Co-founder of Acid Jazz records Eddie Piller also presented a weekly show and musician Billy Bragg presented a monthly programme.
The station launched with a Coldplay interview with Samanthi on QPM, where Chris Martin revealed that the band planned to release sessions with Kylie Minogue. Other guests in interview and sessions between June 2008 to March 2009 included Lily Allen, Kim Deal, Jane Birkin, Pete Shelley, The Futureheads, The Young Knives, White Lies, Ladyhawke and We Are Scientists. The first song played live on the station was Rocks by Primal Scream. 
The station relaunched in April 2009 with a new playlist and all-new line up. It moved to Kerrang! Radio's headquarters in Birmingham, West Midlands and was run by Kerrang! Radio's programming team who forged closer links with Q Magazine in a bid to bring it closer to the focus on new music, broad range of music genres and content found in the monthly publication. The playlist itself was managed by James Walshe and Loz Guest, both of whom also ran the playlist at Kerrang! Radio.
In May 2009, the station was removed from the Sky Digital EPG, along with sister stations Kerrang, Heat and Smash Hits, as part of cost-cutting measures by parent company Bauer Media.
In May 2010 it was taken off DAB. Although cost of carriage on DAB was suspected, the reason given by Bauer Media was: "At this stage of its development, it has become clear that Q Radio is best served by having national coverage on Freeview and online.”
Coinciding with the launch of Kiss spin-off stations Kisstory and KissFresh, Q Radio closed on 7 May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18952193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952193" title="Mucilage">
Mucilage

Mucilage is a thick, gluey substance produced by nearly all plants and some microorganisms. It is a polar glycoprotein and an exopolysaccharide. Mucilage in plants plays a role in the storage of water and food, seed germination, and thickening membranes. Cacti (and other succulents) and flax seeds especially are rich sources of mucilage.
Occurrence.
Exopolysaccharides are the most stabilising factor for microaggregates and are widely distributed in soils. Therefore exopolysaccharide-producing "soil algae" play a vital role in the ecology of the world's soils. The substance covers the outside of, for example, unicellular or filamentous green algae and cyanobacteria. Amongst the green algae especially, the group Volvocales are known to produce exopolysaccharides at a certain point in their life cycle. It occurs in almost all plants, but usually in small percentages. It is frequently associated with substances like tannins and alkaloids.
Mucilage has a unique purpose in some carnivorous plants. The plant genera "Drosera" (Sundews), "Pinguicula", and others have leaves studded with mucilage-secreting glands, and use a "flypaper trap" to capture insects.
Human uses.
Mucilage is edible. It is used in medicine for its demulcent properties. Traditionally marshmallows were made from the extract of the mucilaginous root of the marshmallow plant ("Althaea officinalis"); due to the demulcent nature of the extract, it served as a cough suppressant. The inner bark of the slippery elm ("Ulmus rubra"), a North American tree species, has long been used as a demulcent, and is still produced commercially for that purpose. 
Mucilage mixed with water is used as a glue, especially for bonding paper items such as labels, postage stamps, and envelope flaps. Differing types and varying strengths of mucilage can also be used for other adhesive applications, including gluing labels to metal cans, wood to china, and leather to pasteboard. 
During the fermentation of natto soybeans, extracellular enzymes produced by the bacterium "Bacillus natto" react with soybean sugars to produce mucilage. The amount and viscosity of the mucilage are important natto characteristics, contributing to natto’s unique taste and smell.
The mucilage of two kinds of insectivorous plants, sundew ("Drosera") and butterwort ("Pinguicula"), is used for the traditional production of a yoghurt-like Swedish dairy product called filmjölk.
Medicine.
Mucilage can be used in gastrointestinal inflammatory processes; associated to topical irritation agents. The mechanism of action is that mucilages cover the mucous membranes and prevent irritation of the nerve endings. Mucilages does not exert resorptive action.
Plant sources.
The following plants are known to contain far greater concentrations of mucilage than is typically found in most plants:

</doc>
<doc id="18952199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952199" title="Xerophile">
Xerophile

A xerophile (), is an extremophilic organism that can grow and reproduce in conditions with a low availability of water, also known as water activity. Water activity (aw) is a measure of the amount of water within a an organism can use to support sexual growth. Xerophiles are often said to be "xerotolerant", meaning tolerant of dry conditions. They can survive in environments with water activity below 0.8. Endoliths and halophiles are often xerotolerant.
The common food preservation method of reducing water activities may not prevent the growth of xerophilic organisms, often resulting in food spoilage. Many mold and yeast species are xerophilic. Mold growth on bread is an example of food spoilage by xerophilic organisms.
Examples of xerophiles include "Trichosporonoides nigrescens", cacti, and tardigrades, which can survive for almost a decade without exposure to water.

</doc>
<doc id="18952218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952218" title="Coat of arms of Mexico">
Coat of arms of Mexico

The current coat of arms of Mexico has been an important symbol of Mexican politics and culture for centuries. The coat of arms depicts a Mexican Golden Eagle perched on a prickly pear cactus devouring a snake. To the people of Tenochtitlan this would have strong religious connotations, but to the Europeans, it would come to symbolize the triumph of good over evil. 
The Seal of the United Mexican States is the seal used by the government of Mexico in any official documents issued by the federal, state or municipal authorities. It is a modified version of the national coat of arms, with the addition of the full official name of the country "Estados Unidos Mexicanos", in a semi-circular accommodation in the upper part of the seal. Current and past Mexican peso coinage have had the seal engraved on the obverse of all denominations.
Legend of Tenochtitlan.
The coat of arms recalls the founding of Mexico City, then called Tenochtitlan. The legend of Tenochtitlan as shown in the original Mexica codices, paintings, and post-Cortesian codices do not include a snake. While the Fejérváry-Mayer codex depicts an eagle attacking a snake, other Mexica illustrations, like the Codex Mendoza, show only an eagle, while in the text of the Ramírez Codex, Huitzilopochtli asked the Tenochtitlan people to look for an eagle devouring a snake, perched on an prickly pear cactus. In the text by Chimalpahin Cuauhtlehuanitzin, the eagle is devouring something, but it is not mentioned what it is. Still other versions show the eagle clutching the Aztec symbol of war, the Atl-Tlachinolli glyph, or "burning water." The original meanings of the symbols were different in numerous aspects. The eagle was a representation of the sun god Huitzilopochtli, who was very important, as the Mexicas referred to themselves as the "People of the Sun." The cactus ("Opuntia ficus-indica"), full of its fruits, called "nochtli" in Nahuatl, represent the island of Tenochtitlan. To the Mexicas, the snake represented wisdom, and it had strong connotations with the god Quetzalcoatl. The story of the snake was derived from an incorrect translation of the "Crónica mexicáyotl" by Fernando Alvarado Tezozómoc. In the story, the Nahuatl text "ihuan cohuatl izomocayan", "the snake hisses", was mistranslated as "the snake is torn." Based on this, Father Diego Durán reinterpreted the legend, so that the eagle represents all that is good and right, while the snake represents evil and sin. Despite its inaccuracy, the new legend was adopted because it conformed with European heraldic tradition. To the Europeans it would represent the struggle between good and evil. Although this interpretation does not conform to pre-Columbian traditions, it was an element that could be used by the first missionaries for the purposes of evangelism and the conversion of the native peoples.
Symbolism.
Creatures.
In 1960, the Mexican ornithologist Rafael Martín del Campo identified the eagle in the pre-Hispanic codex as the Northern Caracara or "quebrantahuesos", a species common in Mexico (although the name "eagle" is taxonomically incorrect, as the Caracara is in the falcon family). The golden eagle is considered the official bird of Mexico. When Father Duran introduced the snake, it was originally an aquatic serpent. But in 1917, the serpent was portrayed as a rattlesnake, because it was more common than the aquatic varieties in pre-Hispanic illustrations. As a result of this, the design and color of the snake on the modern coat of arms do not correspond with those of any species of snake, and were inspired by the representations of Quetzalcoatl, a rattlesnake with quetzal feathers.
Chronology.
Current entities.
All Mexican states have a coat of arms; these are like flags which distinguish each of them. Also these coats of arms of Mexico's constituent states and the federal district are placed on a white background proportioned 4:7 as state flags, another report refers that these very same state coats of arms are used in the central panel of a Mexican Tricolor, mainly for tourist purposes. The following is a list of the coats of arms used in the United Mexican States;

</doc>
<doc id="18952233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952233" title="Middle Quarry Cascade">
Middle Quarry Cascade

Middle Quarry Cascade is a 6 metre high twin ribbon cascade found on private property, (private without permission to access), in Burlington, Ontario, Canada. 
Both Middle and Lower Quarry Cascade are based in Burlington right near the Hamilton/ Burlington city boundary line. Their watersource, Grindstone Creek and Upper Quarry Cascade are both based in Hamilton.
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Smokey Hallow Resource Management Area, Rock Chapel Sanctuary, Borer's Falls, Borer's Falls Conservation Area, Rock Chapel Golf Course, Royal Botanical Gardens.
Directions.
Inaccessible without permission from the owner. One kilometre east of "Clappison's Corners" and a few metres east of the Bruce Trail.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18952234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952234" title="162nd Infantry Regiment (United States)">
162nd Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 162nd Infantry Regiment is a regiment of the Oregon Army National Guard with headquarters in Springfield, Oregon. In January 2006 as part of the Army's transformation towards a modular force, the 1st Battalion, 162nd Infantry Regiment was inactivated. Many members continued to serve with the 2nd Battalion and other units within the 41st Infantry Brigade Combat Team.
World War II.
At one point in World War II, from 1943 until early 1944, the 2d battalion of the 162d was commanded by Archibald Roosevelt, the son of 26th US President, Theodore Roosevelt.
Present.
Members of C Company, 2nd Battalion, 162nd Infantry Regiment, deployed to Kuwait in February 2000 to provide security for Patriot sites there. The unit was set to replace a National Guard unit from Arkansas who were deployed there. 
Soldiers from the 1st Battalion, 162nd Infantry Regiment deployed to Asahikawa, Japan to participate in NORTHWIND 94 to partake in extreme cold weather training.
Soldiers from the 1st Battalion, 162nd Infantry Regiment were deployed on February 14, 2003 in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. Upon arrival in the Middle East, individual companies of the 1st Battalion were then split up, dividing assignments in Kuwait, Iraq, and Saudi Arabia. No casualties were reported, and the 1st Battalion returned in April, 2004. 
Soldiers from the 2nd Battalion, 162nd Infantry Regiment deployed to Japan to participate in the annual bilateral U.S.-Japan cold weather training exercise NORTHWIND 96. For this exercise, the soldiers arrived at Camp Obihiro, Japan, on 18 February 1996, for their annual training mission before moving to the Shikaribetsu Training Area north of Camp Obihiro for the field training exercise. 
2nd Battalion was deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom twice. 2004 to 2005 and 2009 to 2010.
Prior to this, the unit had deployed to take part in Team Spirit in Korea in 1988; to the Naval Amphibious Warfare School, Coronado in 1990; and to the Jungle Warfare Center in Panama in 1994. 
A Company, 2nd Battalion, 162nd Infantry Regiment, also deployed in 1990 to Scotland and in 1991 to Puerto Rico.
Distinctive unit insignia.
A Gold color metal and enamel device in height overall consisting of a shield blazoned: Azure, a fess Gules fimbriated Or between in chief a fasces and in base a giant cactus, both of the last. Attached below and to the sides of the shield a Blue scroll inscribed “FIRST TO ASSEMBLE” in Gold letters. 
The shield is blue for Infantry, the red fess with the gold edges gives the Spanish colors and the red fess and the blue shield give the colors of the Philippine service ribbon. The cactus indicates the Mexican Border service and the fasces from the arms of the French Republic indicates service in France. 
The distinctive unit insignia approved on 16 May 1925. It was amended by addition of the word “giant” in the description on 29 June 1964.
Coat of arms.
Blazon.
Azure, a fess Gules fimbriated Or between in chief a fasces and in base a giant cactus, both of the last. 
That for the regiments and separate battalions of the Oregon Army National Guard: On a wreath of the colors Or and Azure, a demi-disc Gules charged with the setting sun with twelve light rays Or (the shoulder sleeve insignia of the 41st Division), behind a beaver sejant Proper. 
Motto FIRST TO ASSEMBLE.
Symbolism.
The shield is blue for Infantry, the red fess with the gold edges gives the Spanish colors and the red fess and the blue shield give the colors of the Philippine service ribbon. The cactus indicates the Mexican Border service and the fasces from the arms of the French Republic indicates service in France. 
The crest is that of the Oregon Army National Guard.
Background.
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 162d Infantry Regiment on 23 August 1924. It was amended by addition of the word “giant” in the blazonry of the shield on 29 June 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="18952239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952239" title="American Catholic Philosophical Quarterly">
American Catholic Philosophical Quarterly

The American Catholic Philosophical Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal sponsored by the American Catholic Philosophical Association. It was founded in 1927 as The New Scholasticism and adopted its current title in 1990. The journal publishes articles and book reviews covering the entire range and history of Western philosophical thought. Contributions on non-Western philosophy are also published, especially if they shed light upon issues in the Western tradition. The journal is not committed to any particular school of philosophy and contributions variously employ analytical, phenomenological, Thomistic, historical, and other methods. Nevertheless, it typically prefers contributions on topics or thinkers that are of special interest to Catholic thought. Thus, almost every issue usually carries at least one article on Thomas Aquinas. Pieces on medieval thought are well represented as well, as are essays in the philosophy of religion and philosophical theology.
Every fourth issue of the journal is devoted to a philosopher, Catholic or not, who has exercised a significant influence on Western philosophy. Recent special issues have been devoted to Max Scheler, Johannes Scotus Eriugena, Gabriel Marcel, Peter Abelard, and Edith Stein. 
The editorial offices are currently located at the University of St. Thomas (Minnesota). The journal's editor is David L. Clemenson.
Indexing.
The journal is indexed in Academic Search, L'Année philologique, Article@INIST, ArticleFirst, Arts & Humanities Citation Index, ATLA Religion Database, Catholic Periodical and Literature Index, Current Abstracts, Current Contents / Arts & Humanities, Expanded Academic ASAP, Factiva, FRANCIS, Humanities International Index, Index Philosophicus, InfoTrac OneFile, International Bibliography of Book Reviews of Scholarly Literature (IBR), International Bibliography of Periodical Literature (IBZ), International Philosophical Bibliography, Periodicals Index Online, The Philosopher's Index, Philosophy Research Index, PhilPapers, Religious and Theological Abstracts, Russian Academy of Sciences Bibliographies, TOC Premier, and Wilson OmniFile. 

</doc>
<doc id="18952243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952243" title="Singapore Changi Airport">
Singapore Changi Airport

Singapore Changi Airport , Changi International Airport, or simply Changi Airport, is the main airport in Singapore. A major aviation hub in Southeast Asia, it is about northeast from the commercial centre in Changi, on a site.
The airport, operated by the Changi Airport Group, is the home base of Singapore Airlines, Singapore Airlines Cargo, SilkAir, Scoot, Tigerair, Jetstar Asia Airways, and Valuair. As of May 2013, Changi Airport serves more than 100 airlines operating 6,400 weekly flights connecting Singapore to over 250 cities in about 60 countries and territories worldwide. Until 30 March 2013, the airport served as a secondary hub for Qantas, which used Singapore as the main stopover point for flights on the Kangaroo Route between Australia and Europe. Qantas was the largest foreign airline to operate from the airport, with over two million passengers annually. An important contributor to the economy of Singapore, more than 28,000 people are employed at the airport, which accounts for over S$4.5 billion in output.
Changi Airport has three passenger terminals with a total annual handling capacity of 66 million passengers. Terminal 1 opened in 1981, followed by Terminal 2 in 1990 and Terminal 3 in 2008. The Budget Terminal, opened on 26 March 2006 and closed on 25 September 2012, will make way for Terminal 4 which will be ready by 2017.
In 2012, the airport handled 51.2 million passengers, a 10% increase over the previous year. This made it the seventh busiest airport by international passenger traffic in the world and the second busiest in Asia by international passenger traffic in 2012. The airport registered 4.92 million passenger movements in December 2012, a growth of 8.6% year-on-year. Changi’s daily record was broken on 22 December 2012, the Saturday before Christmas Day, with 180,400 passengers passing through the 24 hours. In addition to being an important passenger hub, the airport is one of the busiest cargo airports in the world, handling 1.81 million tonnes of cargo in 2012. The total number of commercial aircraft movements was 324,722 in 2012.
The airport has won over 430 awards since 1981, including 30 'Best' awards in 2012. Changi Airport's efforts to counter the onset of age include periodic physical upgrades to its existing terminals and building new facilities.
History.
Singapore's International Airport at Paya Lebar, Singapore's third main civilian airport after Seletar Airport (main airport from 1930–37) and Kallang Airport (1937–55) opened in 1955 with a single runway and a small passenger terminal. With growth in global aviation transport, the airport was facing congestion problems. Its inability to cope with the rising traffic became critical by the 1970s; annual passenger numbers rose dramatically from 300,000 in 1955 to 1.7 million in 1970 and to 4 million in 1975.
The government had two options: expand the existing airport at Paya Lebar or build a new airport at another location. After extensive study, a decision was made in 1972 to keep the airport at Paya Lebar, as recommended by a British aviation consultant. Plans were made for the building of a second runway and an extensive redevelopment and expansion to the passenger terminal building. A year later, however, the plans were reviewed again as the pressure to expand the airport eased because of the 1973 oil crisis.
Concerned that the existing airport was located in an area with potential for urban growth, which would physically hem it in on all sides, the government subsequently decided in 1975 to build a new airport at the eastern tip of the main island at Changi, at the existing site of Changi Air Base, where the new airport would be easily expandable through land reclamation. However, as there was an increase in traffic, the airport still had to be expanded at that time. In addition, airplanes could fly over the sea, avoiding noise pollution issues within residential areas like those at Paya Lebar and helping to avoid disastrous consequences on the ground in the event of an air mishap. The airport in Paya Lebar was subsequently converted for military use as the Paya Lebar Air Base.
After Singaporean authorities decided to build a new airport, Singaporean government dispatched an inspection team to Taiwan in 1979, watching and learning the design of newly built Chiang Kai-shek International Airport (later renamed to Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport). Singaporean staff had immediately adopted Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport's design - single terminal with surrounding highways, and two runways aside the terminal, making the Changi Airport initially look identical to Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport.
Construction.
The airport was one of the largest single development projects in Singapore's history. Led by PSA chairman Howe Yoon Chong, land-reclamation works involving over of landfill and seafill began in June 1975, even as the airport at Paya Lebar was still in the midst of expansion works. About of swamp land was cleared and filled with of earth from the nearby hills, while another of sand from the seabed were used to reclaim land. The contractor was PentaOcean Construction (五洋建設), a Japanese construction firm directly involved in numerous land reclamation projects in Singapore. Canals were built to drain water from three rivers, Sungei Tanah Merah Besar, Sungei Ayer Gemuroh and Sungei Mata Ikan. In total, were reclaimed, raising the total site area to . Of this, landfill accounted for while seafill represented . The construction also demolished 558 buildings, exhuming around 4,100 graves, a gun emplacement at Changi, and diverting the three streams to the western side of the former Royal Air Force runway, which was to be used for the new runway. All of these works were completed in May 1977. From 1977 to 1979, it was used to pile-drive the foundation of Terminal 1 and other buildings as well. The foundation stone for Terminal 1 was laid in August 1979. The high control tower is built on reclaimed land, with its design becoming an icon for the airport. The original name of the control tower was "Airtropolis", but was seldom used. The column-free hangar with an area almost as large as the Padang could hold three Boeing 747s. Its roof was constructed in Batam, and was shipped to Singapore in four separate sections by barge. A special jetty was built on the coast to obtain fuel from the Western Islands by shipping it round the coast. The fuel is pumped for a mile to the airport fuel station run by six oil companies on the north-eastern perimeter. The pipelines then leads to all the parking bays through a pipe some below ground level.
The first phase costing about S$1.3 billion opened on 1 July 1981 with the first flight, Singapore Airlines Flight 101, touching down at 0700 hours UTC with 140 passengers from Kuala Lumpur. Officially opened with much fanfare five months later on 29 December 1981 by Howe Yoon Chong, the airport had 34 airlines operating 1,200 scheduled flights each week connecting Singapore to 67 cities in 43 countries. It ended its first year operations with 8.1 million passengers, 193,000 tonnes of air freight handled and 63,100 aircraft movements.
Despite the airport opening in 1981, some sections were not completed. The big aircraft hangar was only completed in 1982, and the second runway was completed only in 1983. This was the year in which the now defunct government department, the Public Works Department decided to focus on the construction of the second runway on the reclaimed land east of the Terminal 1. The sections of phase 2 opened progressively over the next few years with the completion of a second runway as well as other facilities. In 1985, the construction work on Terminal 2 started, south of Terminal 1. Terminal 2 was completed in 1989, and was opened in November 1990 with its official opening on 1 June 1991 by Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong. The opening of the second terminal was way ahead of passenger demand.
Expansion.
The airport has a development policy of always building capacity ahead of demand to avoid congestion problems common in major airports and to maintain high service standards. While the original master plan detailed plans for two passenger terminals, provisions were made for further expansion, including the allocation of space for a third terminal planned to have a physical configuration mirroring that of Terminal 2.
Construction of this terminal, Terminal 3, began in 1999, at an estimated cost of about S$1.75 billion. Originally planned for completion in 2006, the date was postponed by two years after global economic downturn delayed growth of air traffic in the airport. On 30 May 2006, a topping out ceremony for the terminal was conducted, and an open house was held from 12 November 2007 to 9 December 2007. Test flights were held from 12 November until 3 January where the baggage handling, check-in and ground handling systems were tested. The terminal became operational on 9 January 2008 with Singapore Airlines (SQ1) from San Francisco via Hong Kong being the first flight to arrive at the new terminal at 1156 local time (0356 UTC) and SQ318 at 1315 local time (0515 UTC) being the first departing flight. The terminal increases the airport's maximum passenger capacity annually by 22 million, bringing the total annual capacity up to 70 million passengers. Also, there is a new full-service nine-storey Crowne Plaza Hotel immediately adjacent to Terminal 3.
Changing needs in the aviation industry led to reviews in the master plan, resulting in the decision to cater to the high-end as well as budget sectors of the air travel industry. Although the pioneering airport to conceptualise and construct a Budget Terminal in Asia, it became operational on 26 March 2006, and was officially opened on 31 October 2006. A dedicated stand-alone "Commercially Important Person" (CIP) terminal operated by JetQuay, started operations on 15 August 2006 and officially opened on 29 September 2006. It is the first luxury airport terminal in Asia.
Even as new terminals are being built, the airport continuously upgrades and expands its existing terminals. Terminal 1 went through its first major refurbishment in 1995 at a cost of S$170 million, prior to the commencement of expansion works 3-year later to add 14 aerobridges at a cost of S$420 million, which was completed in 1999. Terminal 2 was similarly expanded almost immediately after its opening in 1990, with the addition of two piers of aerobridges costing S$330 million and completed in 1996. In 2002, work commenced on the new Changi Airport Skytrain as well as the Terminal 2 building, and on 13 September 2006, the airport marked the completion of an extensive upgrade costing S$240 million in Terminal 2, which included an updated glass-fronted facade, interior decor, and terminal layout modifications.
To prepare for the arrival of the Airbus A380, the airport put into place modifications works costing S$60 million, which it has planned for since the late 1990s. These included the building of 19 gates capable of handling the large aircraft, eight of which are in Terminal 3. Baggage claim carousels, runways, and taxiways were expanded, and two new freighter aircraft stands and two remote aircraft parking stands built. Two aircraft taxiway bridges spanning Airport Boulevard leading to the terminals also had shields installed on either side to shield the road from the jet blast. On 11 November 2005, the airport became the first outside Europe to receive the A380 for airport compatibility verification tests, and was the first in the world to have an operational triple-passenger loading bridge fit for trials.
Extensive upgrading works in Terminal 1 similar in scale to the recently completed works at Terminal 2 commenced in May 2008 and were completed in July 2012. The S$500 million T1 upgrading project has given the terminal a fresh and rejuvenated look. Works were carried out to refurbish the terminal’s interior design and finishes, as well as improve passenger flow at key areas such as the Departure Check-in Hall, Departure Transit Mall and Arrival Hall. About 22,000 sqm have also been added to the building, bringing the total floor space of T1 to about 308,000 sqm. The larger floor area provides for more spatial comfort, better passenger flow, additional facilities and expanded retail and F&B offerings. A highlight of the revamped Departure Check-in Hall is the addition of the world’s largest kinetic art sculpture. Known as Kinetic Rain, this sculpture is made up of a total of 1,216 bronze droplets, moving in synchrony to a specially choreographed dance every day.
Resurfacing works costing S$50m on its dual runways and older taxiways were announced in January 2007 along with improvements to the security systems of Changi Airport such as access controls and surveillance systems to make the airport safer for travellers. Transport Minister Raymond Lim also added that the "software" of the airport had to be improved as well. Terminal 3 was tested in 2007 to prepare for its 2008 opening. From May 2008 to July 2012 Terminal 1 was upgraded at a cost of S$500 million.
In 2006, a short runway (2,750 m (9,020 ft)) was opened for Changi Air Base (East) on the site, an interim measure in preparation for its eventual expansion for passenger flights. It will be the first element in what may double the area of the existing airport in the next few decades.
On 1 March 2012, Changi Airport Group announced that the Budget Terminal will be closed in September 2012 to make way for Terminal 4, which will be able to serve 16 million passengers a year. It will be designed to enable efficient passenger processing and quick turnaround of aircraft, and will not have aerobridges. The new terminal will also have a wide choice of retail and food & beverage offerings as well as passenger amenities that will better serve the needs of passengers.
On 7 March 2012, Minister of State for Transport Josephine Teo announced in Parliament that a new multi-storey complex at the current Terminal 1 carpark will be built. The facility will house dedicated facilities to support fly-cruise and fly-coach travel options. When ready, Terminal 1’s capacity will increase from 21 million to 24 million passengers per annum.
Recently Changi Airport has also announced plans to reduce consumption of electricity and use recycled water at its terminal buildings over the next three years, as part of its contribution towards environmental sustainability. Currently, Changi Airport’s annual terminal building electricity consumption is about 450 million kWh. The target will see Changi Airport reducing its terminal buildings’ electricity usage by about 13.5 million kWh, generating savings of about S$2.4 million over the next three years.
Minister of State for Transport Josephine Teo, who leads a 10-member Multi-agency committee that has been working on the blueprint which includes the construction of Terminal 5 (T5) - the airport's biggest passenger facility - a third runway for commercial flights, cargo complexes and other supporting infrastructure for around 18 months.
Announced on 19 August 2013 by Changi Airport Group, a new mixed-use complex will be developed on the car park site fronting Terminal 1 (T1) and will optimise the use of the 3.5-hectare plot of land. Construction of the new facility will begin next year. Codenamed ‘Project Jewel’, the complex will offer aviation and travel-related facilities, a wide range of retail offerings, as well as unique leisure attractions. The redevelopment will also expect Terminal 1 to be expanded to allow more space for the arrival hall, baggage claim areas and taxi bays, enabling T1's passenger handling capacity to increase to 24 million passenger movements per annum. Changi will be working with CapitaMalls Asia on the concept and plans of 'Project Jewel'. The completion of the complex would expect a joint venture partnership between Changi and CapitaMalls Asia to develop and manage Project Jewel. Project Jewel is also being designed to be architecturally iconic, with an impressive view of the complex from both the Airport Boulevard and the sky. It will be designed by a consortium of design consultants led by world renowned architect Moshe Safdie, who designed Marina Bay Sands. A key feature of the complex will be a large-scale, lush indoor garden with a breathtaking waterfall. To be seamlessly connected to Terminals 1, 2 and 3, Project Jewel will serve as a node linking the three terminals, improving inter-terminal connectivity.
Infrastructure.
Given limited land resources in Singapore, the airport was designed for both current and future needs as the country's primary airport. The airport was designed to be capable of doubling in size using reclaimed land with enough space for two more runways and at least two new passenger terminal buildings.
The master plan for the existing airport initially involved a dual-terminal and dual-runway configuration over two phases with provisions for another two passenger terminals in the near future. Phase 1 included the construction for the first passenger terminal, the first runway, 45 aircraft parking bays, support facilities and structures, including a large maintenance hangar, the first fire station, workshops and administrative offices, an airfreight complex, two cargo agents' buildings, in-flight catering kitchens and a control tower. Construction for the second phase would commence immediately after the completion of Phase 1 and include the second runway, 23 additional aircraft parking bays, a second fire station and a third cargo agents' building.
Air traffic control tower.
The Air traffic control tower (ATC) was constructed as part of Phase One of the Changi Airport redevelopment plan and it is 80 meters high.
Runways.
Changi Airport has two parallel runways, 02L/20R and 02C/20C, each . 02L/20R was completed and opened in 1981 as part of the airport's first phase. It has a displaced threshold of leaving the rest of the runway at long. 02C/20C, formerly 02R/20L, was built completely on reclaimed land and opened with phase 2, apart from 02L/20R. Four instrument landing systems (ILS) are installed on the two runways to guide landing aircraft safely under all weather conditions. Both runways are also used by the Republic of Singapore Air Force as part of Changi Airbase (West).
A new parallel runway 02R/20L (named 01/19 when opened in 2004) was built to the east of 02C/20C, currently used only by Republic of Singapore Air Force aircraft as part of Changi Airbase (East). The existing Runway 3, currently used by the military, will be extended from 2.75 km to 4 km to handle larger passenger aircraft. Almost 40 km of new taxiways will also be built to connect the runway with the current airport. New facilities such as navigation aids, airfield lighting systems and a fire station will need to be built as well.
There will also be a fourth runway at Changi East which was announced during the National Day Rally Speech in 2013.
Passenger terminals.
Changi Airport currently has three terminals, T1, T2, and T3, with a total annual handling capacity of 66 million. Terminals 1, 2, and 3 are directly connected via a monorail people mover system, with airside passengers being able to freely move between the terminals without going through immigration. Transport within and between these three terminals is also provided by people movers and the skytrain system, although it is also possible to walk between the terminals on foot for landside visitors.
A former Budget Terminal, capable of handling 7 million passenger per year, was purpose-built for low-cost carriers. It was physically separated from the main terminals towards the south, where connections were possible via a free shuttle bus service to and from Terminal 2. Demolition began in 2013 to make way for a new and bigger Terminal 4, designed to cater mainly to budget carriers and regional airlines that operate single-aisle aircraft.
Terminal 1.
Singapore Changi Airport's oldest terminal operated as the sole terminal from its opening on 1 July 1981 right up until the opening of Terminal 2 nine years later. Configured in a H-shaped layout to maximise the number of aerobridges which may be built, it underwent two major upgrading works over its lifespan. A major refurbishment was completed in 1995 at a cost of S$170 million and work to extend two finger piers to add 14 aerobridges at a cost of S$420 million took place from 1996 to 1999. Today, the terminal spans an area of 308,000 m² and can accommodate a maximum passenger capacity of 21 million passengers a year.
On 7 March 2012, Minister for Transport Josephine Teo said that the open-air car park between Terminal 1 and Changi's iconic control tower will be redeveloped into a multi-use complex. This new complex will be integrated with the existing building, and will increase Terminal 1's public areas, pick-up driveways, and car park spaces. With this expansion, Terminal 1's handling capacity will increase from 21 to 24 million passengers per annum. The expansion of Terminal 1 will go together with Terminal 4.
As of 12 July 2012, a $500 million facelift for Terminal 1 has completed. It will be the terminals' biggest overhaul to date, involving works on its facade and halls under a theme called "Tropical City". About 22,000 sqm have been added to the building, bringing the total floor space of T1 to about 308,000 sqm. The larger floor area provides for more spatial comfort, better passenger flow, additional facilities and expanded retail and F&B offerings. The refurbishment includes the installation of a two-part kinetic sculpture, "Kinetic Rain", billed as the largest kinetic sculpture in the world.
The Southwest Finger of Level 3 of Terminal 1 has the head offices of Jetstar Asia Airways and Valuair. Scoot also has its head office inside Terminal 1.
Terminal 2.
Terminal 2 opened on 22 November 1990 as part of Phase II in the original airport masterplan. Deploying a linear configuration parallel to the runways, it is located adjacent to Terminal 1 towards the south, and heralded the opening of the original skytrain system linking the two terminals via the landside. All Singapore Airlines and SilkAir flights moved to the new terminal when it opened, along with several Southeast Asian carriers including Malaysia Airlines, Philippine Airlines, PAL Express, and Royal Brunei Airlines. They were joined by several airlines, some of which are allied to Singapore Airlines, in particular Lufthansa, both fellow Star Alliance members. Air France was a former user before moving back to Terminal 1. Other former users include Air Canada and Austrian Airlines, which ceased operations to Changi in October 2006. Etihad Airways was the latest airline to operate from Terminal 2 when it commenced flights in September 2007. All Nippon Airways moved to Terminal 2 from 1 October 2008. Now Singapore Airlines flights departing for Southeast Asia, Indian Subcontinent, the Middle East and Africa use this terminal. Airlines operating at Budget Terminal, including Tiger Airways, and Cebu Pacific, moved to Terminal 2 as the Budget Terminal closed for site redevelopment.
The fourth storey of the terminal houses the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore. In addition Terminal 2 houses the offices of the Air Accident Investigation Bureau of Singapore and Changi Airport Group.
On 15 July 2013, Changi Airport unveiled its latest themed garden that boasts a dramatic display of vibrant colours and interactive technology – a first for Changi Airport, which has pioneered the concept of airport gardens since its opening in 1981. The new ‘Enchanted Garden’ – Changi Airport’s fifth themed garden – takes pride in the spot where the Fern Garden once stood. It is open, free of charge, to passengers round-the-clock. An interactive and immersive experience, the Enchanted Garden “magically” comes to life with sight and sound, captivating visitors as they weave through the garden. Motion sensors trigger sounds of nature and blooming flowers while fibre-optic and LED lighting, embedded in the flooring, form a fascinating carpet of sparkling lights. There is also a pond containing Archerfish and Koi.
Terminal 3.
Terminal 3 became operational on 9 January 2008, increasing the airport's annual passenger capacity by 22 million. The test flight out of Terminal 3 was a Singapore Airlines flight from Singapore to Perth. The flight departed T3 at 5:30 pm local time, landing in Perth International Airport at approximately 11:30 pm. The terminal has 28 aerobridge gates, with eight capable of handling the Airbus A380. While the other two terminals use separate waiting areas for different gates, Terminal 3 has common waiting areas for some of the gates.
Designed by CPG Corporation, with Skidmore, Owings and Merrill designing the roof feature and interior design by Woodhead, Terminal 3 departs from the largely utilitarian architecture in the first two terminals. Like other new airports in the region, it has a structure mainly made of glass, with big transparent spaces inside the terminal. However, unlike these newer airports, it incorporates "natural" features and "warm" tone extensively to balance the sterile feel of glass and steel. For example, the column is given a wood-like cladding and the floor of the terminal is mostly cream/ beige colour. The roof has been designed to allow natural light to enter the building, with 919 skylights. A -high "Green Wall" with hanging creepers and waterfall was incorporated to enhance the tropical feel. The Green Wall, designed by Singapore based Landscape Design firm Tierra Design, also helps to regulate the internal temperature of the terminal with the occasional misting. The interior architecture of Terminal 3 recently won the Honour Award from ASLA, bringing another coveted award to Changi Airport.
Singapore Airlines operated the first flights into Terminal 3 on 9 January 2008, with flight SQ001 from San Francisco via Hong Kong arriving at 1150 hours to a welcome ceremony by Minister for Transport and Second Minister for Foreign Affairs, Lim Siang Keat Raymond and the chairman of CAG, Liew Mun Leong. The first departure flight, SQ318, took off at 1250 hours bound for London-Heathrow. Since then, its regional and long-haul flights bound for North/South America, Europe, East Asia and Oceania depart from the new terminal while all other flights depart from Terminal 2, becoming the first and only airline to operate from multiple terminals in Changi Airport.
China Eastern Airlines, Jet Airways, Qatar Airways and United Airlines also moved operations to the terminal from 25 March 2008, while Kingfisher Airlines launched services to Singapore using T3 in 2009. Garuda Indonesia, Saudi Arabian Airlines, Vietnam Airlines and Sri Lankan Airlines have also moved operations to T3 in 2011. In 2013, Asiana Airlines and Lion Air have also moved operations to T3.
Old Budget Terminal.
Changi Airport was the second in Asia (after Kuala Lumpur International Airport) to open a dedicated terminal catering to the budget traveller. The name of the Budget Terminal was decided as a result of a naming contest open to the public. The terminal is not included in the numbering scheme even though it is the third terminal to be opened when it opened on 26 March 2006 and Terminal 3 is actually the fifth terminal opened at the airport.
In order to offer lower landing fees, handling fees and airport taxes, it cuts back on amenities such as aerobridges, elaborate physical structures and decorations in the passenger terminal building. A range of duty-free shops and Food and Beverage outlets, and free internet terminals are available. There is no transfer facility at the Budget Terminal. Passengers who need to make transfers need to clear immigration (and get the appropriate visas at their homecountry if applicable), collect their luggage, clear customs, make their way to the main terminal by taking the zero-fare shuttle buses and check-in again with the respective airline.
In September 2008, expansion works costing $10 million began and took seven months to complete. The terminal is now able to handle seven million passengers a year, up from originally 2.7 million. There are more boarding gates, check-in counters, shops and dining options. In addition, air-conditioning has been installed for arriving passengers.
On 2 March 2012, it was announced that the Budget Terminal will be closed on 25 September 2012 and demolished to make way for Terminal 4. All airlines previously operating from the Budget Terminal moved to Terminal 2, after the last flight departed Budget Terminal at 2 am on 25 September. Construction of Terminal 4 will begin in 2013, and expected to be completed by 2017. It will have a capacity for 16 million passengers per annum, up from the previous 7 million of the Budget Terminal, and will not have aerobridges. It also promises to have a wider choice of retail and food and beverage offerings compared to the current Budget Terminal. Terminal 4 will be designed to enable efficient passenger processing and quick turnaround of aircraft. That is because once the ASEAN Open Skies agreement is in place by 2015, passenger traffic will likely grow by at least five per cent each year.
On 25 September 2012, Budget Terminal officially closed its doors to the public with its airlines operations moved to Terminal 2 on the same day.
On 1 February 2013, demolition work for the Budget Terminal started and completed by June 2013.
Terminal 4.
The construction of the new Terminal 4 commenced in November 2013. With a focus on Low Cost Carrier airlines, it is intended to automate most of the facility. Under a new concept of Fast And Seamless Travel (FAST) it will see options such as self-service check-in and automated baggage drop, immigration clearance and departure gates dominate in the new building. The new Terminal 4 will be a two-storey, 25-metre-high building with a gross floor area of 195,000 square metres (seven times larger than the previous Budget Terminal). The design, inspired from an orchid petal, will have a theme that is fun, vibrant and positively surprising. It will be a terminal that incorporates thoughtful, passenger-friendly facilities, and to add some touches of Singapore’s heritage, the transit area will even feature facades of old Peranakan shop houses along the retail area. 17 stands will be available for narrow body aircraft, 4 stands for wide body planes. A bridge across Airport Boulevard will be constructed to enable buses and other airside vehicles to move from T4 to distant aircraft stands. To facilitate the smooth movement of passengers boarding aircraft at the remote stands, T4 will also house a centralised departure bus lounge with up to nine bus bays. There will be a new dedicated 68m high Ramp Control Tower also constructed. While great emphasis has been placed on high technology with in the new terminal space, it will be connected to the Terminal 2 by a conventional Airport Shuttle Bus rather than the automated Skytrain that links the other terminals.
The terminal’s showpiece is a 300-metre-long Central Galleria which separates the public zone from the restricted zone. The terminal's visual-transparent concept will provide clear visibility from the Check-in Hall of the attractive offerings in the Transit Lounge. Local cultural and heritage items will be used in decorating the terminal interior. The retail space will feature traditional Peranakan shop front facades. Completion of the terminal is expected in 2017.
Project Jewel.
Announced in August 2013, this is a new terminal structure intended as a mix-use complex. Situated on a 3.5 Hectare site where the Terminal 1 car park now resides. Essentially a new multistory underground car park will replace the existing facilities, while an indoor garden, with a waterfall, is built above. The new building will sit between the three existing terminal buildings, enabling passengers to transfer via the new complex, whilst being an attraction and shopping destination in itself. The design will consist of a circular structure, reminiscent of a doughnut, with a large garden located at the centre and water falling from the edge of the circular atrium opening.
As part of the project, Terminal 1 will be expanded to allow more space for the arrival hall, baggage claim areas and taxi bays. These enhancements will increase T1’s passenger handling capacity to 24 million passenger movements per annum.
Terminal 5.
A fifth terminal, Terminal 5 will be ready in the next decade as announced by Transport Minister, Lui Tuck Yew on 7 May 2013. Terminal 5 will be built on 1,080 hectares of reclaimed land in Changi East. The terminal could handle a capacity of 30 to 50 million passengers annually. With the addition of the fifth terminal, Changi Airport will be able to cater to more than 85 million passengers every year. With the national carrier at Terminal 5, each alliance of airlines such as SkyTeam and Oneworld could also operate out of dedicated terminals. If so, aviation experts say this will contribute to a more seamless travel experience. Terminal 5 is also expected to have more self-service facilities and bigger lounges.
JetQuay CIP Terminal.
JetQuay CIP Terminal is a privately run terminal, located next to T2. JetQuay provides private check-in, baggage handling, and immigration clearance services. It is the second luxury airport terminal in world to open after the Lufthansa First Class Terminal in Frankfurt Airport. However, unlike the Lufthansa First Class Terminal, JetQuay is an elite, dedicated CIP (Commercially Important People) terminal that can be used by any passenger travelling in any class, on any airline, through any of the main terminals (T1, T2, or T3).
Airbus A380 operations.
With Changi-based Singapore Airlines being the launch customer for the Airbus A380, works to ensure full capability in handling the large aircraft were given priority in time for its introduction in October 2007. The Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore spent S$60 million in upgrading the two existing terminals and airport infrastructure, including enlarged gate holdrooms, new finger piers, and extended baggage belt carousels from the normal to . With these new carousels in place, the airport does not expect embarking and disembarking passengers and baggage from the A380 to take longer than it does from a Boeing 747-400, which carries fewer passengers. On 16 August 2005, Changi Airport unveiled the first of 11 specially-built gates capable of handling the giant aircraft. Costing S$15 million, the gates or 'fingers' enable passengers to board the upper deck of the new 555-seater aircraft directly from the gate hold rooms. The hold rooms themselves have been enlarged and appointed to cater for the larger number of passengers aboard an A380. Beside the 11 new A380-capable gates at Terminals 1 and 2, eight more A380-capable gates were opened at Terminal 3 on 9 January 2008.
Since the first A380 flight took off from Singapore to Sydney in 2007, Changi Airport has handled more than 20,000 A380 flights. Today, Changi Airport is the world's busiest multi-carrier A380 hub, with more than 200 weekly A380 flights operated by Emirates, Lufthansa, and Singapore Airlines connecting to 12 cities worldwide—Dubai, Frankfurt, Hong Kong, London, Los Angeles, Melbourne, New York, Paris, Shanghai, Sydney, Tokyo, and Zurich.
Self-Boarding Gates.
Passengers at Changi Airport will soon be able to board their flights faster, with the introduction of self-boarding gates.The Changi Airport Group (CAG) has been conducting trials of the self-boarding gates at a common gatehold room in Terminal 2 since May with Lufthansa. The self-boarding gates are just one component of a fast and seamless travel (FAST) initiative which CAG will be rolling out across terminals at the airport. From April 2014, the gates will be progressively introduced in common gatehold rooms in all three terminals.
Airlines based in Changi.
Airlines which have a current Air Operator Certificate issued by the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore.
Services.
Changi Airport is a top airport in terms of customer service and security and has won over 390 awards and accolades as best airport since its opening in 1981, from organisations such as Skytrax and Business Traveller.
Passenger services.
The airport has over of space spread between its three main terminals for shopping and eating outlets, with Terminal 3 having the largest amount of retail space at . Extensive upgrading work on existing retail areas since 2004 in Terminals 1 and 2 has increased sales 13.3% in the first half of 2005 year-on-year over 2004, and as much as 67% compared to the same period in 2003, with brands such as Prada, Gucci, Bulgari and Hermès opening outlets during this period. The first FIFA Official Store in the world was opened in Terminal 3, along with Asia's first Ferrari travel retail shop.
From two different lounges with 24-hour napping areas, showers and spa facilities, to hotel and pool amenities, this airport also includes Singapore Tours (created for those in transit for more than 5 hours who are granted a special pass to leave the airport on one of two city tour options), Nature Trail (with six themed garden reserves) and comprehensive dining and entertainment options.
In terms of sales, the airport outstrips other shopping malls in Singapore, including those in top tourist spot Orchard Road. The Changi Airport Group derives 55% of its total annual revenue from non-aeronautical sources, such as office and warehouse rental. The airport derives the majority of its commercial revenue from the duty-free shopping, with the most popular items being liquor and tobacco, perfume and cosmetics, and luxury goods.
In addition to a wide array of duty-free shops and eating outlets, Changi Airport has five garden areas, some outdoors and some indoors. Open to customers of the airport, the gardens are: Cactus Garden (T1 - outdoor), Sunflower Garden (T2 - outdoor), Orchid Garden (T2 - indoor), Enchanted Garden (T2 - indoor), and Butterfly Garden (T3 - outdoor). Changi Airport has numerous business centres located around the airport. Within the international transit area of the interconnected Terminals 1,2 and 3, internet and games facilities, prayer rooms, showers, spas, gym, swimming pool and a hotel are provided. Various lounge areas are provided, some including children's play areas or televisions showing news, movie and sport channels.
Aviation services.
Ground handling.
Ground handling services are handled by two companies: Singapore Airport Terminal Services (SATS) and Dnata. SATS is the dominant player with close to 70% of the market in the airport. Dnata Sg (Formerly CIAS) was formed in 1977 by the Port of Singapore Authority and five airlines (Air France, China Airlines, Garuda Indonesia, KLM (Royal Dutch Airlines) and Lufthansa). It handles the remaining market share.
In the early 2000s, the government decided to introduce competition into the market by offering an additional license. Swissair's Swissport won the license (valid for 10 years) and commenced operations on 2 March 2005.
As Swissair folded and was subsequently taken over by Swiss International Air Lines, the latter became the company's first customer. Adam Air chose Swissport as its ground handler in 2005, while Tiger Airways followed suit in 2006. Other customers of Swissport include Swiss World Cargo, AirAsia, and Cardig Air. Former customers of Swissport include Australian Airlines. Swissport ceased operation on 31 March 2009 due to massive losses. Asia Pacific Star was launched on 1 April, is a subsidiary of SATS, and is the new player concentrating mainly on budget carriers. It handles Tiger Airways, South East Asian Airlines, Jetstar Asia, Valuair, Lion Air, and possibly Lao Airlines when the latter starts operation on 24 November 2011.
CIAS underwent restructuring when its shareholding was bought over by Dubai's Dnata in 2004, being relaunched in August 2011 with a new branding. Its security services were amalgamated into the new Temasek-owned Aetos Security Management.
US-based Aircraft Service International Group (ASIG) was granted a 10 years ground handling licence starting from January 2012, enabling it to provide passenger and cargo handling services to some 100 airlines operating at Changi Airport, although it has yet to secure any customer.
Aircraft maintenance.
Six aircraft hangars, capable of full aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul is operated and managed by SIA Engineering Company at Changi Airfreight Centre and a single hangar by SASCO/ST Aerospace. It includes a column-free hangar at SIA Engineering Company, Hangar 1, which was the world's largest when opened in 1981.
Safety and security.
The Changi Airport Group manages the overall safety and security of the airport. The Airport Management Division of the CAG manages the customer aspects of the airport's security, while the Aviation Security Unit oversees the airport's compliance with aviation security (AVSEC) policies, manages AVSEC-related projects. Operationally, the airport's emergency and fire-fighting services are handled by the Airport Emergency Service Division of the CAG. The AES handles all instances of rescue and fire-fighting within the airport premises as well as in surrounding waters through its specialists operating from two main fire stations, a Fire Sub-Station and a Sea Rescue Base around the airport.
The airport's security comes under the regulatory purview of the Airport Police Division of the Singapore Police Force. The day to day discharge of security functions at the airport are performed by auxiliary police forces including Aetos Security Management, Certis CISCO and SATS Security Services, of which Aetos and SATS Security Services are affiliated to the ground handling companies of Dnata and Singapore Airport Terminal Services respectively. On 29 April 2008, CAAS then signed its biggest single security contract for all airport related security services by engaging Certis CISCO to provide security services at Changi Airport, as well as Seletar Airport, Changi Airfreight Centre, and the Singapore Air Traffic Control Centre. It involves the deployment of about 2,600 Certis Cisco personnel, including armed Auxiliary Police Officers and unarmed aviation security officers to perform tasks including screening checked baggage, controlling access to restricted areas, and screening passengers before they board their aircraft.
Since the 11 September 2001 attacks and naming of the airport as a terrorism target by the Jemaah Islamiyah, the airport's security has been stepped up. Roving patrol teams consisting of SAF and SPF officers, armed with assault rifles or sub-machine guns, patrol the terminals at random intervals. Officers from the Gurkha Contingent are also deployed to patrol the transit areas of the terminal buildings. These measures come at a cost partly borne by travellers in the form of a "passenger security service charge," imposed since 2002.
In 2005 an upgrade in screening technology and rising security concerns led to luggage-screening processes being conducted behind closed-doors, as opposed to them being done just before check-in previously within public view. Carry-on luggage and persons screening are conducted at the individual departure gates, while check-in luggage are screened in the backrooms and secured before loading. CCTVs are also in place to monitor passenger activity around the clock and check on suspicious parcels and activity. A perimeter intrusion detection system for Changi Airport’s perimeter fence has also been put in place to further strengthen security of the airfield. while a biometric access control system for staff movement has been put in place since 2006.
In view of the 2006 transatlantic aircraft plot, security screening checks have been stepped up on passengers and their hand-carry luggage, as well as checked-in luggage on flights bound for destinations in the United Kingdom and the United States from Changi.
Operations.
Passenger operations.
As all passenger traffic out of the airport is international in nature, the four major terminals in operation are equipped with immigration-processing facilities for international travel.
After recovering from a drop in passenger traffic as a result of the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) epidemic in 2003, the airport saw rapid growth in traffic which hit the 30-million mark for the first time a year later in 2004. In March 2008 and prior to the full effect of the financial crisis of 2007–2010 on the global economy, the airport predicted that it will handle 50 million passengers by 2012, with increases due to the opening of casinos in Singapore, together with the phased liberalisation of the ASEAN aviation sector. The airport surpassed the 46-million mark for the first time in 2011.
For the last set of full-year figures published by the airport, it handled 51,181,804 passengers in 2012, a 10% increase over the 2011 fiscal year. The airport recorded its busiest month in December 2011 (4.92 million) and its busiest day on 22 December 2012 with 180,400 passengers handled.
51,181,804 passengers passed through Changi Airport in 2012 which is more than twice Australia's population. It also handled more than 60 million bags. Lined up, it is 2.8 times the length of the Great Wall of China.
Key markets.
The LCC market in the airport expanded rapidly since the opening of the Budget Terminal. The terminal handled about 657,000 passengers by 26 October 2006, six months after its opening in March. LCC flights in Changi constituted 11.3% of total flights in October 2006 compared to 9.6% in April the same year. The terminal handled its one-millionth passenger at the end of 2006.
A monthly record of 4.53 million passenger movements was registered in December 2011, which marks an increase of 11.4% compared to December 2010. On 17 December 2011, Changi has also set a new record of 165,000 passenger movements in the day. In 2011, LCCs accounted for about 25% of passengers carried (compared to 22.4% in 2009) and 28.6% of flight movements (26.3% in 2009).
In 2010 Indonesia was the largest market for Singapore Changi Airport with 5 million passengers.
Cargo.
The Air Cargo Division of the Changi Airport Group manages the Changi Airfreight Centre located in the north of the airport premises. The airport handled 1.81 million tonnes of air cargo in 2012, making it the 7th-busiest airfreight hub in the world and the fifth-busiest in Asia. Due to Singapore's large electronics sector, electrical components constitute a significant part of the total cargo traffic handled at the airport, although it has initiated attempts to diversify into the perishable air cargo market.
In 2012, Changi Airport handled 1,806,225 tonnes of freight which is close to the weight of 14,500 blue whales.
"Air Cargo World" awarded Changi Airport the 2013 Air Cargo Excellence Award for airports handling more than 1,000,000 tonnes of cargo in Asia.
Ground transportation.
Changi Airport was built with ground-transportation considerations in mind from the onset, with the East Coast Parkway built and opened in tandem with the airport, providing a direct link to the city-centre. At a distance of about , the expressway was built almost entirely on reclaimed land; thus, minimising disruptions to the existing road network in Singapore's East Coast.
While configured in a compact configuration such that the three main passenger terminal buildings are sited adjacent to each other, allowing for travellers to venture between terminals on foot, the Changi Airport Skytrain people-mover system was added to facilitate quicker and more convenient transfers. The system was upgraded in 2007 to Mitsubishi technology, connecting to Terminal 3 and separating checked-in passengers from the general public on distinct tracks.
Inter-terminal transportation.
The Changi Airport Skytrain operates between Terminals 1, 2 and 3, with a total of seven stations. The trains have separate cars for air-side (transit) and land-side (public) passengers. Initially built in the early 1990s as a shuttle between Terminals 1 and 2 using Bombardier Innovia APM 100, the system was revamped to use the Crystal Mover in 2006 and extended to Terminal 3 in 2007. The service is free of charge and operates between 5:30 am and 2:30 am daily.
External connections.
Rail.
The airport is connected to the Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) network, with Changi Airport MRT station located underground between Terminal 2 and Terminal 3 and directly accessible from both terminals. A direct, one-train service to the downtown and western parts of Singapore was initially in operation when the station opened on 8 February 2002 (then accessible only via Terminal 2). This was replaced by the current shuttle service between Changi Airport and Tanah Merah MRT stations on 22 July 2003, when it was found that few passengers actually use this route, compared to the number of commuters who need to travel from the city to Tampines and Pasir Ris. Cross-platform transfers are therefore necessary at Tanah Merah to connect to the rest of the network.
Bus.
Buses were one of the main methods of transport for passengers and staff until the opening of Changi Airport station. Services operated by SBS Transit and SMRT Buses uses the bus terminals in the basement level of the three main terminals, making a loop starting from Terminal 3 to Terminals 1, and 2, and back to their destination of origin.
Taxi.
Taxi stands are within the arrival halls of the three main terminals.

</doc>
<doc id="18952265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952265" title="Pulque">
Pulque

Pulque is an alcoholic beverage made from the fermented sap of the maguey (agave) plant. It is traditional to central Mexico, where it has been produced for millennia. It has the color of milk, somewhat viscous consistency and a sour yeast-like taste. The drink’s history extends far back into the Mesoamerican period, when it was considered sacred, and its use was limited to certain classes of people. After the Spanish Conquest of Mexico, the drink became secular and its consumption rose. The consumption of pulque reached its peak in the late 19th century. In the 20th century, the drink fell into decline, mostly because of competition from beer, which became more prevalent with the arrival of European immigrants. There are some efforts to revive the drink’s popularity through tourism.
Description.
Pulque is a milk-colored, somewhat viscous liquid that produces a light foam. It is made by fermenting the sap of certain types of maguey (agave) plants. In contrast, mezcal is made from the cooked heart of certain agave plants, and tequila, a variety of mezcal, is made all or mostly from the blue agave. About six varieties of maguey are best used for the production of pulque. The name "pulque" is derived from Nahuatl. The original name of the drink was "iztāc octli" (white pulque), the term pulque was probably mistakenly derived by the Spanish from the "octli poliuhqui" , which meant "spoiled pulque".
Maguey.
The maguey plant, also called a “century plant” in English, is native to Mexico. It grows best in the cold, dry climates of the rocky central highlands to the north and east of Mexico City, especially in Hidalgo and Tlaxcala states. Maguey has been cultivated at least since 200 CE in Tula, Tulancingo and Teotihuacan, and wild plants have been exploited for far longer. The plant historically has had a number of uses. Fibers can be extracted from the thick leaves to make rope or fabric, its thorns can be used as needles or punches and the membrane covering the leaves can be used as paper or for cooking. The name "maguey" was given by the Spanish, who picked it up from the Taíno. This is still its common name in Spanish, with "Agave" being its scientific generic or technical name. The Nahuatl name of the plant is "metl".
As the plant nears maturity, the center begins to swell and elongate as the plant gathers stored sugar to send up a single flower stalk, which may reach up to 20 feet in height. However, plants destined for pulque production have this flower stalk cut off, leaving a depressed surface 12-18 inches in diameter. In this center, the maguey sap, known as "aguamiel" (honeywater), collects. It takes a maguey plant 12 years to mature enough to produce the sap for pulque.
History.
Mythological origins.
It is not known who invented pulque; its origins go back at least 1,000 years. Various stories and myths have developed as to its origins. Most involve Mayahuel, the goddess of the maguey. It was thought that the aguamiel collecting in the center of the plant was her blood. Other deities, such as the Centzon Totochtin (400 rabbits) are associated with it, by representing the drink's effects, and are the children of Mayahuel. Another version involving "Mayahuel" has her as a mortal woman who discovered how to collect aguamiel but someone named "Pantecatl" discovered how to make pulque.
Another story states that pulque was discovered by the "Tlacuache" (opossum), who used his human-like hands to dig into the maguey and extract the naturally fermenting juice. He became the first drunk. "Tlacuache" was thought to set the course of rivers. The rivers he set were generally straight except when he was drunk. Then they follow "Tlacuache's" meandering path from cantina to cantina. Another story traces the discovery of aguamiel to the Toltec Empire, when a noble named Papantzin was trying to get the emperor to marry his daughter Xochitl. He sent her to the capital with an offering of "aguamiel", honey of the agave plant. The emperor and princess wed, and their son was named "Meconetzin" (maguey son). In other versions of the story, Xochitl is credited with discovering pulque.
Pre-Hispanic period.
The maguey was one of the most sacred and important plants in ancient Mexico, having a privileged place in mythology, religious rituals and the Mesoamerican economy. During this period, pulque appears in a number of graphic representations. Pulque first appears on stone carvings about 200 CE. The first major work involving pulque is a large mural called the "Pulque Drinkers" which was unearthed in 1968 during excavations at the pyramid of Cholula, Puebla. The most likely means of the discovery of aguamiel and fermented pulque was from the observation of rodents who gnaw and scratch at the plant to drink the seeping sap. Fermentation of the aguamiel can take place within the plant itself.
For the Indians of the central highlands of Mexico, the imbibing of pulque was done only by certain people, under certain conditions. It was a ritual drink, consumed during certain festivals, such as that of the goddess Mayahuel, and the god Mixcoatl. It was drunk by priests and sacrificial victims, to increase the priests' enthusiasm and to ease the suffering of the victim. There are many references in Aztec codices, such as the Borbonicus Codex) of pulque's use by nobility and priesthood to celebrate victories. Among commoners, it was permitted only to the elderly and pregnant women.
Colonial period.
After the Conquest, pulque lost its sacred character, and both indigenous and Spanish people began to drink it. Spanish initially made no laws regarding its use. It became a lucrative source of tax revenue, but by 1672, public drunkenness had become enough of a problem that the viceregal government created regulations to curtail its consumption. A maximum of 36 "pulquerias" were permitted for Mexico City, which had to be located in open areas, be without doors and close at sundown. Food, music, dancing and the co-mingling of the sexes was prohibited. However, pulque continued to play a major role in the socioeconomic history of Mexico during colonial times and in the early years of Independence. Through this period, it was the fourth largest source of tax revenue. At the end of the 17th century, the Jesuits began large-scale production of the drink to finance its educational institutions. In this way, the making of pulque passed from being a home-made brew to one commercially produced.
Pulque interpretations in Casta Painting.
The casta system was created in Latin America to help classify people into social groups and give them characteristics that were supposedly inherent to their group. Oftentimes artists would portray castas in their paintings. This form of Mexican art portrayed castas in settings that were typical of their social group. The incorporation of pulque was used to depict polarization between different castas. Before the Spanish colonization of the Americas, pulque was used for religious ceremonies among indigenous groups. After the arrival of the Spanish, consumption was widespread among Indigenous Americans and other castas. This led to many social problems including sexual crimes and violence within the population.
In Casta Painting, pulque depicted situations the Europeans saw as characteristic of the castas they portrayed. Some of these paintings incorporated images of indigenous Americans and Africans as drunk with bottles appearing in the scenes. This is a reason that “shortly after the conquests, colonial officials declared pulque abuse and Indian drunkenness a major concern and committed themselves to addressing its impacts on society.” As a result, some casta painters depicted different castas safely consuming and selling pulque. Other casta painters depicted Indigenous Americans intoxicated in the streets, and incapacitated which as a result required their families to escort them home. Casta painting was used as a method of social commentary on the destructive use of pulque in everyday society. As the Spanish attempted to crack down on pulque, some casta painters depicted indigenous Americans in safe environments where even children were able to consume pulque. The paintings were meant to show that Spanish regulation were effective measures in controlling the consumption and distribution of pulque in the colonial period.
Post colonial period.
Production of pulque exploded after Independence, when the regulation of pulque producers ended, and Mexican nationalism increased. From then until the 1860s, pulque haciendas multiplied, especially in Hidalgo and Tlaxcala states. In 1866, the first railway between Veracruz and Mexico City began operations, crossing through Hidalgo. This line was soon known as the "Pulque Train" because it brought supplies of the drink daily to the capital. This production and easy shipment of the drink made Hidalgo rich, and gave rise to a "pulque aristocracy" made up of some of the most powerful families of this time: Torres Adalid, Pimenta y Fagoaga, Macedo and others. At its peak, there were about 300 pulque haciendas. Some still remain in the plains of Apan and Zempoala, in Hidalgo. Pulque hit its peak of popularity during the late 19th century, when it was enjoyed by rich and poor alike. As late as 1953, Hidalgo and Tlaxcala still obtained 30 and 50% respectively of their total revenues from pulque. This has diminished since then since irrigation, roads and other infrastructure has made possible other, more lucrative enterprises.
Pulque's decline.
In spite of its former popularity, pulque represents only 10% of the alcoholic beverages consumed in Mexico today. Pulque is still consumed in Mexico, mostly in the central highlands and predominantly in rural and poor areas. It has acquired a general connotation of being something for the lower class, while consumption of European-style beer flourished throughout the 20th century.
The complex and delicate fermentation process of pulque had always limited the product's distribution, as it does not keep long and agitation during transport speeds degradation. Since pre-Hispanic times, its consumption has mostly been limited to the central highlands of Mexico.
The decline of pulque began in the first decade of the 20th century, when the Mexican Revolution caused a decline in its production. In the 1930s, the government of Lázaro Cárdenas campaigned against pulque, as part of an effort to reduce alcoholic consumption in general. But the most decisive factor to the decline of pulque has been the introduction of beer.
European immigrant beer brewers in the early 20th century had their own campaign against the native pulque, which emphasized a practice of using a "muñeca", which was a textile bag containing human or animal feces, which was placed in the "aguamiel" to hasten the fermentation process. Some insist the "muñeca" is completely a myth, but enough accounts indicate it had been done in the past, although only by a minority, and the practice had been stopped long before the 20th century. They promoted the idea that pulque still had this, generally by word of mouth and insinuation. This was done to inhibit pulque sales and to promote the consumption of beer, which they claimed was "rigorously hygienic and modern".
The strategy proved successful, with pulque now generally looked-down-upon and imbibed by relatively few people, with Mexican-brewed beer ubiquitous and extremely popular. Pulque's popularity is low and continues to fall. Twenty years ago, about 20 trucks would come every three days to Xochimilco (in southern Mexico City) to deliver pulque, but now the number is down to one or two. Only five pulquerias remain in this district, where there used to be 18. The situation is similar in most other parts of Mexico, as well. The remaining pulquerias are very small establishments, selling a product made by small producers.
In the state of Hidalgo, in which most maguey is grown, fields of this plant are disappearing, with barley taking its place. Most maguey plants here serve as boundary markers between properties. Many of these plants do not survive long, as they are often vandalized. An estimated 10,000 plants are mutilated each week by cutting off the lower leaves for barbacoa or destroying them completely to look for the edible white grubs or ant eggs that can inhabit them.
Production of pulque.
The production process is long and delicate. The maguey plant needs 12 years of maturation before the sap, or "aguamiel", can be extracted, but a good plant can produce for up to one year. This aguamiel can be drunk straight, but it is alcoholic only after a fermentation process that can start in the plant itself. This liquid is collected twice a day from the plant, yielding about five or six liters per day. Today, this liquid is collected with a steel scoop, but in the past, an elongated gourd was used as a tube to suck the juice out. Between gatherings, the plants leaves are bent over the center where the juice collects to keep out bugs and dirt. This center is regularly scraped out to keep the plant's production of sap active. Most maguey plants produce this "aguamiel" for about four to six months before they finally die. Some plants can yield up to 600 L of pulque. 
The collected juice is placed into 50-liter barrels and carried from the field to the fermentation vats. These vats, called "tinas", are located in a special building called a "tinacal". This word derives from Nahuatl, "tina" and "calli" and means house of vats. When pulque haciendas reached their peak in the late 19th century, hacienda life revolved around these "tinacals". It typically was a rectangular shed of stone with a wooden roof. The upper parts of the walls opened for air circulation and the facades were sometimes decorated with indigenous designs or other images associated with the making of pulque. One popular motif was the discovery of pulque by Xochitl. Other popular elements were the images of the hacienda's patron saint and the Virgin of Guadalupe. Inside were the vats, which were cowhide stretched over wooden frames lined up against the walls. In larger "tinacals", there were three or four rows of vats. Today, the "tinas" are made of oak, plastic or fiberglass and hold about 1,000 liters each.
After placing the juice in the fermentation vats, mature seed pulque ("semilla" or "xanaxtli") is added to "jump start" the process. Unlike beer, the fermenting agent present in pulque is a bacterium of the species "Zymomonas mobilis" (syn. "Thermobacterium mobile" ) rather than yeast. Those in charge of the fermentation process guard their trade secrets, passing them on from father to son. Fermentation takes from seven to 14 days, and the process seems to be more art than science. A number of factors can affect fermenting pulque, such as temperature, humidity and the quality of the "aguamiel"'.
The process is complex and delicate, and can go sour at any point. For this reason, and perhaps due to its ancient "sacred" character, there are rituals and prohibitions. Religious songs and prayers may be offered, and women, children and strangers are not allowed inside the "tinacal". Other superstitions include those against eating canned fish and wearing a hat inside the tinacal. The first is claimed to cause a bad taste in the pulque and the second is considered bad luck. To cleanse the bad luck, the offender must fill the hat with pulque and drink it down.
Just before the peak of fermentation, the pulque is quickly shipped to market in barrels. The fermentation process is continuous, so the pulque must be consumed within a certain time before it spoils.
Pulque consumption.
Most pulque is consumed in bars called "pulquerías". At the beginning of the 20th century, more than 1,000 were located in Mexico City alone. By the early 20th century, "pulquerías" became socially accepted, and some were places of great elegance. But whether for rich or poor, two features stood out among these establishments: odd or catchy names, and murals decorating the walls. Names included (translated) "My Office", "Memories of the Future", "Drink and Go", I'm Waiting for You Here at the Corner", and, across the street from the National Chamber of Deputies, "The Recreation Center of Those Across the Street". Diego Rivera once said one of the most important manifestations of Mexican painting was the murals that decorated the facades and interiors of "pulquerías". One tradition maintained at all" pulquerias "at the beginning of the 20th century was to put sawdust on the floor. The tradition at that time was to begin a pulque-drinking session by spilling a little on the floor or ground as an offering to Mother Earth. Traditional "pulquerías" tend to be like clubs with closed membership, with casual visitors ignored or sometimes stared at. Frequent visits and large consumption of the drink tends to win acceptance. While some establishments may forbid women, it is much more common for the establishment to provide a separate seating area for them. Intermingling of the sexes is not permitted. In the more rural areas of Hidalgo and Tlaxcala, where most pulque is made, the pulque is fresher and better. A vendor usually displays a white flag over the door when a fresh shipment has arrived.
Traditionally, pulque is served from large barrels on ice. and served into glasses, using a "jicara", which is a half of a calabash tree gourd. The bartender is called a "jicarero". In a "pulquería", "cruzado", meaning something like "bottoms up", is a frequent salute.
Drinking glasses have colorful names and can reflect a customer's ability to drink pulque. Large two-liter glasses are called "macetas" (flower pots), one-liter glasses are called "cañones" (cannons), half–liters are called "chivitos" (little goats), quarter-liter glasses are "catrinas" (dandies), and eighth-liter glasses are "tornillos" (screws). Traditionally, these glasses are made from a greenish, hand blown glass. Pulque can be drunk straight from the barrel or can have a number of additives, such as fruit or nuts, added. Pulque prepared this way is called "curado" or cured.
One of the limitations to pulque's popularity has been the inability to store it for long periods or ship it far. Recently, pulque makers have found a way to preserve the beverage in cans. However, they admit this does change the flavor. The hope is that with this innovation, pulque can regain its lost market in Mexico and even achieve success as an export item, like tequila. It is already being offered in the United States by Boulder Imports, selling the brand "Nectar del Razo". The original market was Mexican-American men, but the company reports the product is having success as a health food, sought out by athletes and body builders.
Health benefits.
There is a saying that pulque "sólo le falta un grado para ser carne" -- "it is only a bit shy of being meat", referring to the nutritional value of the drink. This was recognized by the Mesoamericans, who allowed pregnant women and the elderly to imbibe what was normally reserved only for priests and nobility. Modern analysis of the liquid has found that it contains carbohydrates, vitamin C, B-complex, D, E, amino acids and minerals such as iron and phosphorus.
Pulque tourism.
From the glory days of pulque, the state of Hidalgo has about 250 pulque haciendas, many of which have been abandoned or converted to other uses, such as ranching. Their "tinacals" have either disappeared or been converted into storage or party rooms. A few remaining ones continue to make pulque, but use more modern and sanitary facilities. In Tlaxcala, the federal Secretariat of Tourism and the state government have organized a tour called the "Pulque Route", which includes the main haciendas that still make the beverage in this state. It is a two-day route which begins at the Church of La Barca de la Fe in Calpulalpan to the San Bartolo Hacienda, which is the principal exporter of canned pulque. This hacienda was the property of Ignacio Torres Adalid, who was called the "king of pulque". Today, it belongs to Ricardo del Razo. The tour also covers maguey fields like those around a town called Guillermo Ramirez.
These old haciendas varied widely. Some were ostentatious with great architectural harmony such as the Montecillos Hacienda, of Spanish colonial style and originally built in the 17th century by the Jesuits or San Antonio Ometusco Hacienda built by architect Antonio Rivas Mercado. However, most haciendas were the result of a constructive process that started in the 16th century, with mixed architectural styles and methods of both Mexico and Europe. One characteristic feature is Neo-Gothic towers. The Santiago Tetlapayac Hacienda has murals related to charreada and attributed to the painter Icaza. The Zotoluca Hacienda has an octangonal floorplan in Neo-Moorish style and was restored in the 1950s. But the center of each of these pulque haciendas is the tinacal. They were planned and decorated befitting their importance. Almost all have interesting architectural details, such as a specially decorated main doorway, murals or sculpted windows. Some are considered works of art, such as the tinacal at the Montecillos Hacienda or the one at the San Antonio Ometusco Hacienda, which also has an elegant canopy covering the shipping dock with moulded iron columns and walls decorated with murals relating to the history of pulque.

</doc>
<doc id="18952271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952271" title="Luther Burbank">
Luther Burbank

Luther Burbank (7 March 1849 – 11 April 1926) was an American botanist, horticulturist and pioneer in agricultural science.
He developed more than 800 strains and varieties of plants over his 55-year career. Burbank's varied creations included fruits, flowers, grains, grasses, and vegetables. He developed a spineless cactus (useful for cattle-feed) and the plumcot.
Burbank's most successful strains and varieties include the Shasta daisy, the fire poppy, the 'July Elberta' peach, the 'Santa Rosa' plum, the 'Flaming Gold' nectarine, the 'Wickson' plum, the freestone peach, and the white blackberry. A natural genetic variant of the Burbank potato with russet-colored skin later became known as the Russet Burbank potato. This large, brown-skinned, white-fleshed potato has become the world's predominant potato in food processing.
Life and work.
Born in Lancaster, Massachusetts, Burbank grew up on a farm and received only an elementary school education. The thirteenth of fifteen children, he enjoyed the plants in his mother's large garden. His father died when he was 21 years old, and Burbank used his inheritance to buy a 17-acre (69,000 m²) plot of land near Lunenburg center. There, he developed the Burbank potato. Burbank sold the rights to the Burbank potato for $150 and used the money to travel to Santa Rosa, California, in 1875. Later, a natural sport of Burbank potato with russetted skin was selected and named Russet Burbank potato. Today, the Russet Burbank potato is the most widely cultivated potato in the United States. A large percentage of McDonald's french fries are made from this cultivar.
In Santa Rosa, Burbank purchased a plot of land, and established a greenhouse, nursery, and experimental fields that he used to conduct crossbreeding experiments on plants, inspired by Charles Darwin's "The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication". (This site is now open to the public as a city park, Luther Burbank Home and Gardens.) Later he purchased an plot of land in the nearby town of Sebastopol, called Gold Ridge Farm.
From 1904 through 1909, Burbank received several grants from the Carnegie Institution to support his ongoing research on hybridization. He was supported by the practical-minded Andrew Carnegie himself, over those of his advisers who objected that Burbank was not "scientific" in his methods.
Burbank became known through his plant catalogs, the most famous being 1893's "New Creations in Fruits and Flowers," and through the word of mouth of satisfied customers, as well as press reports that kept him in the news throughout the first decade of the century.
Burbank creations.
Burbank created hundreds of new varieties of fruits (plum, pear, prune, peach, blackberry, raspberry); potato, tomato; ornamental flowers and other plants.
Burbank was criticized by scientists of his day because he did not keep the kind of careful records that are the norm in scientific research and because he was mainly interested in getting results rather than in basic research. Purdue University professor Jules Janick, writing in the 2004 "World Book Encyclopedia", says: "Burbank cannot be considered a scientist in the academic sense."
In 1893, Burbank published a descriptive catalog of some of his best varieties, entitled "New Creations in Fruits and Flowers".
In 1907, Burbank published an “essay on childrearing,” called "The Training of the Human Plant". In it, he advocated improved treatment of children.
During his career, Burbank wrote, or co-wrote, several books on his methods and results, including his eight-volume "How Plants Are Trained to Work for Man" (1921), "Harvest of the Years" (with Wilbur Hall, 1927), "Partner of Nature" (1939), and the 12-volume .
Methodology.
Burbank experimented with a variety of techniques such as grafting, hybridization, and cross-breeding.
Intraspecific breeding.
Intraspecific hybridization within a plant species was demonstrated by Charles Darwin and Gregor Mendel, and was further developed by geneticists and plant breeders. 
In 1908, George Harrison Shull described heterosis, also known as hybrid vigor. Heterosis describes the tendency of the progeny of a specific cross to outperform both parents. The detection of the usefulness of heterosis for plant breeding has led to the development of inbred lines that reveal a heterotic yield advantage when they are crossed. Maize was the first species where heterosis was widely used to produce hybrids.
By the 1920s, statistical methods were developed to analyze gene action and distinguish heritable variation from variation caused by environment. In 1933, another important breeding technique, cytoplasmic male sterility (CMS), developed in maize, was described by Marcus Morton Rhoades. CMS is a maternally inherited trait that makes the plant produce sterile pollen. This enables the production of hybrids without the need for labour-intensive detasseling.
These early breeding techniques resulted in large yield increase in the United States in the early 20th century. Similar yield increases were not produced elsewhere until after World War II, the Green Revolution increased crop production in the developing world in the 1960s.
Classical plant breeding.
Classical plant breeding uses deliberate interbreeding ("crossing") of closely or distantly related individuals to produce new crop varieties or lines with desirable properties. Plants are crossbred to introduce traits/genes from one variety or line into a new genetic background. For example, a mildew-resistant pea may be crossed with a high-yielding but susceptible pea, the goal of the cross being to introduce mildew resistance without losing the high-yield characteristics. Progeny from the cross would then be crossed with the high-yielding parent to ensure that the progeny were most like the high-yielding parent, (backcrossing). The progeny from that cross would then be tested for yield and mildew resistance and high-yielding resistant plants would be further developed. Plants may also be crossed with themselves to produce "inbred" varieties for breeding.
Classical breeding relies largely on homologous recombination between chromosomes to generate genetic diversity. The classical plant breeder may also makes use of a number of "in vitro" techniques such as protoplast fusion, embryo rescue or mutagenesis (see below) to generate diversity and produce hybrid plants that would not exist in nature.
Traits that breeders have tried to incorporate into crop plants in the last 100 years include:
Mass selection.
Burbank cross-pollinated the flowers of plants by hand and planted all the resulting seeds. He then selected the most promising plants to cross with other ones.
Personal life.
By all accounts, Burbank was a kindly man who wanted to help other people. He was very interested in education and gave money to the local schools. He married twice: to Helen Coleman in 1890, which ended in divorce in 1896; and to Elizabeth Waters in 1916. He had no children.
His friend and admirer Paramahansa Yogananda wrote in his "Autobiography of a Yogi":
In a speech given to the First Congregational Church of San Francisco in 1926, Burbank said:
Death.
In mid-March 1926, Burbank suffered a heart attack and became ill with gastrointestinal complications. He died on April 11, 1926, aged 77, and is buried near the greenhouse at the Luther Burbank Home and Gardens.
Legacy.
Burbank's work spurred the passing of the 1930 Plant Patent Act four years after his death. The legislation made it possible to patent new varieties of plants (excluding tuber-propagated plants). In supporting the legislation, Thomas Edison testified before Congress in support of the legislation and said that "This will, I feel sure, give us many Burbanks." The authorities issued Plant Patents #12, #13, #14, #15, #16, #18, #41, #65, #66, #235, #266, #267, #269, #290, #291, and #1041 to Burbank posthumously.
In 1940, the U.S. Postal Service issued a 3 cent stamp honoring Burbank.
In 1986, Burbank was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. The Luther Burbank Home and Gardens, in downtown Santa Rosa, are now designated as a National Historic Landmark. Luther Burbank's Gold Ridge Experiment Farm is listed in the National Register of Historic Places a few miles west of Santa Rosa in the town of Sebastopol, California.
The home that Luther Burbank was born in, as well as his California garden office, were moved by Henry Ford to Dearborn, Michigan, and are part of Greenfield Village.
Namesakes include:

</doc>
<doc id="18952282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952282" title="Ric Grech">
Ric Grech

Richard Roman Grech (1 November 1946 – 17 March 1990) was a British rock musician and multi-instrumentalist.
Career.
He was educated at Corpus Christi RC School, Leicester, after attending Sacred Heart Primary School. He played violin in the school orchestra. 
Grech originally gained notice in the United Kingdom as the bass guitar player for the progressive rock group Family. He joined the band when it was a largely blues-based live act in Leicester known as the Farinas. He became their bassist in 1965, replacing Tim Kirchin. Family released their first single, "Scene Through The Eye of a Lens," in September 1967 on the Liberty label in the UK, which got the band signed to Reprise Records. The group's 1968 debut album "Music in a Doll's House" was an underground hit that highlighted the songwriting talents of Roger Chapman and John "Charlie" Whitney as well as Chapman's piercing voice, but Grech also stood out with his rhythmic, thundering bass work on songs such as "Old Songs New Songs" and "See Through Windows," along with his adeptness on cello and violin.
Released in February 1969, "Family Entertainment," the group's second album, was a major turning point for Grech personally. In addition to playing bass and violin, he wrote three of the album's other songs: "How-Hi-The-Li," "Face In the Cloud," and "Second Generation Woman," which was first released as a single in Britain in November 1968. This song featured Grech on lead vocals, leading Family through a cheeky lyric about a woman who "looks good to handle from a personal angle," with an arrangement that recalled the Beatles's "Paperback Writer" and owed an obvious debt to Chuck Berry. Tellingly, however, all of Grech's songs contained obvious drug references - "How Hi-The-Li" wondered aloud if Chinese premier Chou En-Lai "gets high with all the tea in China" - and drugs would eventually plague Grech throughout his career.
In the spring of 1969, former Cream guitarist Eric Clapton and former Traffic frontman Steve Winwood formed the supergroup Blind Faith; in need of a bassist, they immediately recruited Grech, with whom they'd both jammed when Clapton was in John Mayall's Bluesbreakers and Winwood was in the Spencer Davis Group. However, Grech failed to give Chapman and Whitney adequate notice, and Family was due to start a U.S. tour with Ten Years After. Grech agreed to go on the tour until Family could replace him, but he proved to be unreliable when Family played their first American show on April 8, 1969 at the Fillmore East in New York, being so disoriented he could barely play.
Returning to England, Grech recorded the only Blind Faith album with Clapton, Winwood, and drummer Ginger Baker, a former bandmate of Clapton's in Cream. Their debut album was regarded as a disappointment by critics. The quartet toured the U.S. to support it. Clapton was disappointed with the quality of the music and the performances, and Blind Faith called it quits. Grech and Winwood stayed with Baker to form Ginger Baker's Air Force, a "supergroup" which also included Denny Laine (ex-Moody Blues) on guitar, Chris Wood (ex-Traffic) on sax and flute, and several other musicians; when that group ended, Winwood reformed Traffic with original members Wood and Jim Capaldi, and Grech joined as their bassist.
In October 1969, between Blind Faith and Traffic, Grech recorded two tracks for an unfinished solo project, "Spending All My Days" and "Exchange And Mart". Among the participants in the session was George Harrison. In 1970, he appeared on Graham Bond's album "Holy Magick".
As in Family, Grech lasted two albums with Traffic — "Welcome to the Canteen" and "The Low Spark of High Heeled Boys". Along with drummer Jim Gordon, Grech co-wrote the minor hit "Rock N Roll Stew." Drugs, however, remained a problem, and Winwood and his bandmates eventually decided they had no alternative but to dismiss him.
Grech remained active in session work, playing with Rod Stewart, Ronnie Lane, Vivian Stanshall and Muddy Waters. He also worked with Rosetta Hightower, the Crickets, Bee Gees and Gram Parsons. In January 1973, he performed in Eric Clapton's Rainbow Concert, and he reunited with Roger Chapman and Charlie Whitney when the duo recorded an album in 1974 after Family's breakup. Grech was one of many special guests on that record, which led Chapman and Whitney to form the group Streetwalkers. Grech, however, was not in that band.
Grech made at least two reported attempts to start a new rock group in the seventies but both failed. During 1973-74, he played in one of numerous versions of the late Buddy Holly backing band The Crickets.
In 1973 RSO Records released the only album under his own name, credited to 'Rick' Grech. The album was titled "The Last Five Years". It contained songs that Grech wrote and recorded with Family, Blind Faith, Traffic, Ginger Baker's Airforce and others between 1968 and 1973. 
In 1974 Grech joined KGB. Consisting of Grech on bass, Mike Bloomfield (ex-Paul Butterfield Blues Band and Electric Flag) on guitar, Carmine Appice (ex-Vanilla Fudge, Cactus and Beck, Bogert & Appice) on drums, Barry Goldberg on keyboards, and Ray Kennedy (co-writer of "Sail On, Sailor") on vocals, the group released its eponymous debut that year. Grech and Bloomfield immediately quit after its release, stating they never had faith in the project. The album was not critically well received.
Grech retired from music in 1977 and moved back to Leicester. In 1990 he died of kidney and liver failure at the age of 43, as a result of alcoholism.

</doc>
<doc id="18952287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952287" title="Woody plant">
Woody plant

A woody plant is a plant that produces wood as its structural tissue. Woody plants are usually either trees, shrubs, or lianas. These are usually perennial plants whose stems and larger roots are reinforced with wood produced from secondary xylem. The main stem, larger branches, and roots of these plants are usually covered by a layer of bark. Wood is a structural cellular adaptation that allows woody plants to grow from above ground stems year after year, thus making some woody plants the largest and tallest terrestrial plants.
Wood is primarily composed of xylem cells with cell walls made of cellulose and lignin. Xylem is a vascular tissue which moves water and nutrients from the roots to the leaves. Most woody plants form new layers of woody tissue each year, and so increase their stem diameter from year to year, with new wood deposited on the inner side of a vascular cambium layer located immediately beneath the bark. However, in some monocotyledons such as palms and dracaenas, the wood is formed in bundles scattered through the interior of the trunk.
Woody herbs are herbaceous plants that develop hard woody stems. They include such plants as "Uraria picta" and certain species in family Polygonaceae. These herbs are not truly woody but have hard densely packed stem tissue. Other herbaceous plants have woody stems called a caudex, which is a thickened stem base often found in plants that grow in alpine or dry environments.
Under specific conditions, woody plants may decay or may in time become petrified wood.
The symbol for a woody plant, based on "Species Plantarum" by Linnaeus is , which is also the astronomical symbol for the planet Saturn.

</doc>
<doc id="18952291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952291" title="164589 La Sagra">
164589 La Sagra

164589 La Sagra is a small asteroid of the asteroid belt whose name was accepted by the International Astronomical Union at the suggestion of a group of researchers from the Observatorio Astronómico de Mallorca.
It was discovered on August 11, 2007 from the Observatorio Astronómico de La Sagra (Granada), being the first asteroid found from this center to become numbered. Takes its name from the mountain La Sagra, on whose north hillside the observatory is located.
Placed between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter, at an average distance of 2.44 astronomical units from the Sun, it has an orbital period of 1395.9 days (3.82 years).

</doc>
<doc id="18952298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952298" title="Nick Arcade">
Nick Arcade

Nick Arcade is an American children's game show created by James Bethea and Karim Miteff and hosted by Phil Moore, with Andrea Lively announcing, that aired on Nickelodeon in 1992 (in the first season, the shows were taped in December 1991 and aired in early 1992), airing originally during weekend afternoons, with reruns airing until September 28, 1997. It was taped at Nickelodeon Studios at Universal Studios Florida in Orlando. 
In "Nick Arcade", two teams of contestants played two initial trivia rounds, with the winner advancing to the "Video Zone" to play against the virtual "Video Game Wizard" of the day.
The show's format combined video game trivia with contestant-interactive virtual reality. The virtual reality games were designed by Bethea and Miteff for Bethea/Miteff Productions and programmed by Curt Toumainian for Saddleback/Live Studios and Dean Friedman (for InVideo Systems). The show was the first in America to regularly intermix live action with animation using a bluescreen. ("Knightmare" was the first show worldwide.) (The InVideo game, "Eat-a-Bug!", which aired in Bethea/Miteff-produced segments during 1989 on Nickelodeon's "Total Panic", was one of the world's first regularly televised virtual reality games.)
The program's theme music and game music was composed by Dan Vitco & Mark Schultz, and produced by Schultz. Additional music for the games was composed and produced by Dean Friedman. Mikey's "walk" melody was composed by James Bethea, who also sketched the original designs for the characters of "Mikey", the Wizards and several game "enemies".
All of the custom games and contestant scoring used on "Nick Arcade" were implemented on Amiga computers.
Gameplay.
Two teams of contestants played two initial rounds, with the winner advancing to play against the "Video Game Wizard" of the day.
Face-off.
Each round would start with one of the following 30-second video games:
These custom Face-Off games were developed by Bethea/Miteff Productions in conjunction with Saddleback/Live Studios and Psygnosis.
The winner of the face-off won 25 (first round) or 50 points (second round) for their team. If the face-off ended in a tie, a toss-up question was asked. The team also earned control of "Mikey, the Video Adventurer".
Main rounds.
After the face-off, a cartoon character called "Mikey" would be navigated over a thematic game-board by the teams. One team was Yellow and the other team was Red. The game-board was divided into 18 squares, and Mikey was moved around the board (in every direction, but not diagonally) toward a "Goal" space on the board. When new squares were landed on, various events would be uncovered, including trivia quizzes, video-based puzzles, bonus instant-win prizes, automatic point-adding squares, enemies and "Video Challenges." The latter involved one player of the team playing one of five video games in an attempt to beat a certain score or accomplish a certain objective within 30 seconds. Regardless of the outcome, both teams kept any prizes won during the first two rounds of the game.
The following home systems were used in the Video Challenge:
The object was to get Mikey to the Goal, as discussed above. More often than not, the round would end prematurely due to time constraints. In such cases, Mikey was moved directly to the goal, and a question was asked; the first team to buzz in with the correct answer received the "Goal" points. Round 2 was played the same way, but with point values doubled.
Mikey's World.
Mikey's World had 11 different areas of exploration. These areas included:
Moving Mikey.
There were eight different types of spaces Mikey could land on:
Each mock-up arcade cabinet actually had two systems inside, each powered on and playing the same game: One had the game running in its "attract" mode, and the other was cued up to and paused at the point where the producers wanted the game to begin. When a contestant chose a game, the input was simply switched onto the monitor (this action was edited out). With rare exception, the consoles' stock controllers were used for gameplay.
Blackboard the Pirate, Silly the Kid, and Game Over the Bully actually faced the screen, thus showing their attacks from Mikey's perspective.
The team with the most points at the end of two rounds won the game. If the game ended in a tie, a 100-point tiebreaker question was asked. The winning team advanced to the Video Zone.
The Mikey character used in this round bears a striking resemblance to the Mike Jones character from Nintendo's "StarTropics" series of video games, both in appearance and name.
The Video Zone.
The Video Zone was actually a live-action video game with three levels. Using a video monitor to see themselves, the contestants would be backstage, climbing ladders, throwing "snowballs", and using a boat in front of a bluescreen attempting to achieve previously explained goals (which was always to obtain three object) for each level of the game.
As in a traditional video game, players could be "damaged" by hazards and enemy characters. If they lost all of their power (five units, as shown by an on-screen gauge), A couple of season 1 episodes had a message called Try again press "Start" to continue they would have to start the stage over and repeat its objectives until successful. In addition, each level contained a 'power-up' that appeared periodically that, when touched, gave the player an added advantage in that level—destroying all onscreen enemies, freezing enemies for 5 seconds (rendering them harmless), restoring the team's power meter to maximum, etc.
The team had 60 seconds to clear all three levels. Each item touched won the team $50 to split, and each level cleared won a prize of increasing value. Successfully beating the Game Wizard in the final level won the grand prize, which was usually a vacation. If time ran out before the team completed the game, a "laugh"-like sound played, the screen faded to red, and "GAME OVER" appeared on the screen.
Level 3.
Both players, sharing one energy gauge, teamed up for the last level, which was a face-off against one of three villains that rotated throughout the show's run: Merlock, an evil wizard who conjured lightning balls; Scorchia, a fire-breathing sorceress; and Mongo, an armor-wearing troll who tossed balls of energy. To defeat them, the players had to touch three orbs before time expired, while trying to avoid the Game Wizard and the projectiles he or she was throwing, the ghostly creatures flying around the room, and the beams of lightning, fire, or energy (depending on who the Wizard was) that erupted from the ground. If either player touched a spinning hourglass that randomly appeared, all enemies and hazards would be immobilized and rendered harmless for five seconds.
Upon the Wizard's defeat (if the players succeeded), depending on who the players faced, Merlock would disintegrate into a pile of dust, Scorchia's body would burn to ashes and blow away, and Mongo would vanish in a flash of light, leaving only his armor behind. The message "You did it! You beat the game." would appear across the screen.
In Season 1, the Wizards had nearly identical rooms (with only different color schemes depending on the Wizard). In Season 2, each Wizard was given a more unique room to better fit his or her theme, but the mechanics were the same as before.

</doc>
<doc id="18952299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952299" title="Oleh Chuvayev">
Oleh Chuvayev

Oleh Chuvayev (; born 25 October 1987 in Kremenchuk, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for PFC Sevastopol. He was the product of the Vorskla Poltava Youth School system.

</doc>
<doc id="18952301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952301" title="Epicrates of Athens">
Epicrates of Athens

Epicrates ("Epikratês") was a citizen of ancient Athens who took a prominent part in public affairs after the end of the Peloponnesian War.
He was a zealous member of the democratical party, and had a share in the overthrow of the Thirty Tyrants. But afterwards, when sent on an embassy to the Persian king Artaxerxes, he was accused not only of corruption, in receiving money from Artaxerxes, but also of peculation. Hegesander and Plutarch say that he so grossly flattered Artaxerxes as to propose that instead of nine archons, nine ambassadors to the Persian king should be annually chosen by the Athenians. Plutarch also says that he did not deny the charge of corruption. He seems, however, to have been acquitted, probably through the powerful interest possessed by himself and by his fellow criminal, Phormisius. He had been guilty of corruption on a former occasion also, but had been equally fortunate in escaping punishment. 
This first offence of his was probably on the occasion when Timocrates of Rhodes was sent by Tithraustes to bribe the Greek states to attack Sparta in 395 BC. For though Xenophon asserts that the Athenians did not receive any money from Timocrates (a statement suspicious on the face of it), Pausanias has preserved an account that at Athens bribes were taken by Cephalus and Epicrates.
The above statement of the acquittal of Epicrates on the charge of corruption in his embassy to Artaxerxes, seems at first sight opposed to the statement of Demosthenes that he was condemned to death, and that he was actually banished. But, in fact, Demosthenes seems to be referring to a distinct and third occasion on which Epicrates was charged with corruption. For in his repetition of the charge there is the important head, "katapseudomenoi tôn summachôn," of which we find nothing in the oration of Lysias, but which is just the charge we should expect to be made against the Athenian envoy who took part in accepting the peace of Antaleidas (387 BC). That Epicrates was really that envoy is the more probable from the fact, which is expressly stated, that it was Epicrates who recommended that peace to the Athenians.
Epicrates and Phormisius were attacked by Aristophanes and by Plato, the comic poet, who made their embassy the subject of a whole play, the "Presbeis". Both are ridiculed for their large beards, and for this reason Epicrates was called "sakesphuros".

</doc>
<doc id="18952312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952312" title="Guantánamo Province">
Guantánamo Province

Guantánamo is the easternmost province of Cuba. Its capital is also called Guantánamo. Other towns include Baracoa. The province surrounds the important U.S. Navy base at Guantánamo Bay.
Overview.
Guantánamo's architecture and culture is unlike the rest of Cuba. The province is only 80 km away from Haiti its closest point, across the Windward Passage and close enough to see lights on Haiti on a clear night. Guantánamo also has a high number of immigrants from Jamaica, meaning that many buildings are comparable to those of the French Quarter of New Orleans in the U.S. state of Louisiana.
The Nipe-Sagua-Baracoa mountains dominate the province, dividing both climate and landscape. The northern coast, battered by prevailing winds, is the wettest part of the country, while the south, sheltered and dry, is the hottest. The north is characterized by rainforests, while the south is arid and has many cacti.

</doc>
<doc id="18952315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952315" title="Congregational Church (Rensselaer Falls, New York)">
Congregational Church (Rensselaer Falls, New York)

The Congregational Church in Rensselaer Falls, New York is located at 218 Rensselaer St.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005 for the architectural merit of the church.
It was built in the Greek revival style. 

</doc>
<doc id="18952319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952319" title="Count of Castres">
Count of Castres

The Count of Castres was a title in the French nobility.
It was held by:

</doc>
<doc id="18952324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952324" title="Pitaya">
Pitaya

A pitaya or pitahaya is the fruit of several cactus species. "Pitaya" usually refers to fruit of the genus "Stenocereus", while "Pitahaya" or "Dragonfruit" always refers to fruit of the genus "Hylocereus".
Vernacular names of Hylocereus.
These fruits are commonly known in English as "dragon fruit", reflecting its vernacular Asian names. These include the Malay "buah naga" (lit. dragon fruit), the Khmer "sror kaa neak" (dragon scale), the Thai "kaeo mangkon" (dragon crystal), the Lao "maak manggohn", the Vietnamese "thanh long" (green dragon), and the Chinese "huǒ lóng guǒ" (fire dragon fruit) or "lóng zhū guǒ" (dragon pearl fruit). Other vernacular names are strawberry pear or nanettika fruit. Pitahaya-producing cacti of the genus "Hylocereus" are originally native to Mexico, and they were also transplanted to Central America and to other parts of the world. 
Currently, they are also cultivated in East Asian and Southeast Asian countries such as Cambodia, Thailand, Taiwan, Malaysia, Vietnam, Sri Lanka, the Philippines, Indonesia and more recently Bangladesh. They are also found in Okinawa, Hawaii, Israel, northern Australia, southern China and in Cyprus.
The fruit was probably introduced by Europeans who brought it from the New World. In the case of Taiwan, the fruit was brought in by the Dutch.
"Hylocereus" blooms only at night; the large white fragrant flowers of the typical cactus flower shape are among those called "moonflower" or "Queen of the Night". Sweet pitahayas have a creamy pulp and a delicate aroma. It is also grown as an Ornamental plant, used in gardens as a flowering vine and a house plant indoors.
Pitaya varieties.
Stenocereus fruit (sour pitayas) are a variety that is commonly eaten in the arid regions of the Americas. They are more sour and refreshing, with juicier flesh and a stronger taste. The sour pitaya or pitaya agria ("S. gummosus") in the Sonoran Desert has been an important food source for Native Americans. The Seri people of northwestern Mexico still harvest the fruit, and call the plant ziix is ccapxl – "thing whose fruit is sour". The fruit of related species, such as "S. queretaroensis" and the dagger cactus ("S. griseus"), are also locally important food. The Organ Pipe Cactus ("S. thurberi") fruit (called ool by the Seris) is the pitaya dulce ("sweet pitaya"). It still has a more tart aroma than "Hylocereus" fruit, described as somewhat reminiscent of watermelon; it has some uses in folk medicine.
Fruits of some other columnar cacti (mainly Cereeae) are also called "pitayas" – for example those of the Peruvian Apple Cactus ("Cereus repandus"), which are very rare.
Sweet pitayas come in three types, all with leathery, slightly leafy skin:
Early imports from Colombia to Australia were designated "Hylocereus ocampensis" (supposedly red fruit) and "Cereus triangularis" (supposedly yellow fruit). It is not quite certain to which species these taxa refer, though the latter is probably the red pitahaya.
The fruit can weigh from 150 to 600 grams; some may reach one kilogram.
Cultivation.
After thorough cleaning of the seeds from the pulp of the fruit, the seeds may be stored when dried. Ideally, the fruit must be unblemished and overripe. 
Seeds grow well in a compost or potting soil mix - even as a potted indoor plant. Pitaya cacti usually germinate between 11 and 14 days after shallow planting. As they are cacti, overwatering is a concern for home growers. As their growth continues, these climbing plants will find something to climb on, which can involve putting aerial roots down from the branches in addition to the basal roots. Once the plant reaches a mature 10 pounds in weight, the plant may flower.
Pitaya flowers bloom overnight and usually wilt by the morning. They rely on nocturnal pollinators such as bats or moths for fertilization. Self-fertilization will not produce fruit in some species, and while cross-breeding has resulted in several "self-fertile" varieties, cross-pollinating with a second plant species generally increases fruit set and quality. This limits the capability of home growers to produce the fruit. However, the plants can flower between three and six times in a year depending on growing conditions. Like other cacti, if a healthy piece of the stem is broken off, it may take root in soil and become its own plant.
The plants can handle temperatures up to and very short periods of frost, but will not survive long exposure to freezing temperatures. The cacti thrive most in USDA zones 10-11, but may survive outdoors in zone 9a or 9b. 
"Hylocereus" has adapted to live in dry tropical climates with a moderate amount of rain.
The dragon fruit sets on the cactus-like trees 30–50 days after flowering and can sometimes have 5-6 cycles of harvests per year. There are some farms in Vietnam that produce 30 tons of fruit per hectare every year.
Pests and diseases.
Overwatering or excessive rainfall can cause the flowers to drop and fruit to rot. Also, extended over-watering can cause maturing fruit to split on the branch. Birds can be a nuisance. The bacterium "Xanthomonas campestris" causes the stems to rot. "Dothiorella" fungi can cause brown spots on the fruit, but this is not common.
Consumption.
To prepare a pitaya for consumption, the fruit is cut open to expose the flesh. The fruit's texture is sometimes likened to that of the kiwifruit because of its black, crunchy seeds. The flesh, which is eaten raw, is mildly sweet and low in calories. The seeds are eaten together with the flesh, have a nutty taste and are rich in lipids, but they are indigestible unless chewed. The fruit is also converted into juice or wine, or used to flavour other beverages. The flowers can be eaten or steeped as tea. The skin is not eaten, and in farm-grown fruit it may be polluted with pesticides.
Ingestion of significant amounts of red-fleshed dragon fruit (such as Costa Rican Pitaya) may result in a harmless reddish coloration of the urine (pseudohematuria) and of the feces.
Several of the Padres who missionized Baja California recorded an unusual form of consumption of pitaya that is also shared in some O'odham stories from southern Arizona. It is called the "second harvest" of pitaya seeds. With the scarcity of fruits in their lands, the pitaya was such a prized fruit that once it was eaten, the natives would wait for their own excrement to dry, then break it apart separating the pitaya seeds. These seeds would be ground into a flour and eaten again, giving the pitaya's "second harvest" its name. Interestingly, the O'odham name for the Milky Way translates as "the second harvest of pitaya."
Taste.
The mild taste of pitaya flesh is often remarked upon, as it stands in stark contrast to the vibrant exterior. The taste has been described as being "very bland... like a melon or kiwi," with a "mild sweetness."
Seed oils.
The fatty acid compositions of two pitaya seed oils were determined as follows:
Preliminary research.
Pitaya peel contains polyphenols which are under basic research for their potential to inhibit cancer mechanisms.

</doc>
<doc id="18952325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952325" title="Opuntia humifusa">
Opuntia humifusa

Opuntia humifusa, commonly known as the Eastern Prickly Pear or Indian Fig, is a native cactus found in parts of eastern North America. It ranges from Montana eastward to parts of the southern Great Lakes, and in the dry coastal sand dunes along the eastern seaboard from Cape Cod, Massachusetts south to 
Florida and westward to New Mexico.
The green stems of this low-growing perennial cactus are flattened and are formed of segments. Barbed bristles are found around the surfaces of the segments and longer spines are sometimes present. The flowers are yellow to gold in color and are found along the margins of mature segments. The flowers are waxy and sometimes have red centers. They measure 4-6 cm wide and bloom in the late spring.
The juicy and edible red fruits measure from 3-5 cm. As the fruit matures, it changes colour from green to red, and often remains on the cactus until the following spring. There are 6 to 33 small, flat, light-colored seeds in each fruit.
This plant is very intolerant of shade. It thrives in full sun and well-drained soil.
Some botanists treat this cactus as a variety "Opuntia compressa" var. "humifusa", or a synonym of "Opuntia compressa". Those recognizing this species treat "Opuntia rafinesquii" as a junior synonym.

</doc>
<doc id="18952336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952336" title="Caatinga">
Caatinga

Caatinga () is a type of desert vegetation, and an ecoregion characterized by this vegetation in interior northeastern Brazil. The name "Caatinga" is a Tupi word meaning "white forest" or "white vegetation" ("caa" = forest, vegetation, "tinga" = white).
Caatinga is a xeric shrubland and thorn forest, which consists primarily of small, thorny trees that shed their leaves seasonally. Cacti, thick-stemmed plants, thorny brush, and arid-adapted grasses make up the ground layer. Many annual plants grow, flower, and die during the brief rainy season.
Caatinga falls entirely within earth's Tropical zone and is one of 6 major ecoregions of Brazil, including the Amazon Basin, Pantanal, Cerrado, Caatinga, Atlantic Forest, and Pampas. It covers 850,000 km², nearly 10% of Brazil's territory. It is home to 15 million people and more than 2000 species of vascular plants, fishes, reptiles, amphibians, birds, and mammals.
Geography.
Caatinga covers the interior portion of northeastern Brazil bordering the Atlantic seaboard (save for a fringe of Atlantic Forest). It is located between 3°S 45°W and 17°S 35°W, extending across eight states of Brazil: Piauí, Ceará, Rio Grande do Norte, Paraíba, Pernambuco, Alagoas, Sergipe, Bahia, and parts of Minas Gerais, as well the southeasternmost point of Rio de Janeiro in Cabo Frio. The Caatinga includes several enclaves of humid tropical forest, known as the Caatinga enclaves moist forests.
The Caatinga is bounded by the Maranhão Babaçu forests to the northwest, the Atlantic dry forests and the Cerrado savannas to the west and southwest, the humid Atlantic forests along the Atlantic coast to the east, and by the Atlantic Ocean to the north and northeast.
The Caatinga comprises 850,000 km2, about 10% of the surface area of Brazil. By comparison, it's over nine times the surface area of Portugal from whence came its early settlers, and 20% larger than the U.S. state of Texas.
Climate.
The Caatinga has only two distinguishable seasons. These are the winter, when it is very hot and dry, and the summer when it is hot and rainy. During the dry winter periods there is no foliage or undergrowth. The vegetation is very dry and the roots begin to protrude through the surface of the stony soil. They do this in order to absorb water before it is evaporated. All leaves fall off the trees to reduce transpiration, thus lessening the amount of water that is lost in the dry season. During the peak periods of drought the Caatinga's soil can reach temperatures of up to 60 °C. With all the foliage and undergrowth dead during the drought periods and all the trees having no leaves the Caatinga has a yellow-grey, desert-like look.
The Caatinga is a very dry place in Brazil. Droughts occur frequently in Caatinga.
The drought usually ends in December or January, when the rainy season starts. Immediately after the first rains, the grey, desert-like landscape starts to transform and becomes completely green within a few days. Small plants start growing in the now moist soil and trees grow back their green leaves. At this time, the rivers that were mostly dry during the past 6 or 7 months, start to fill up and the streams begin to flow again.
History.
Marcgrav (1638)
Spix & Martius (1817-1820)
colonization 1800's
Conservation.
The Caatinga is poorly represented in the Brazilian Conservation Area network with only 1% in Integral Protection Conservation Areas and 6% in Sustainable Use Conservation Areas.
Ecology.
Caatinga harbors a unique biota, with thousands of endemic species.
Caatinga contains over 1,000 vascular plant species in addition to 187 bees, 240 fish species, 167 reptiles and amphibians, 516 birds, and 148 mammal species, with endemism levels varying from 9 percent in birds to 57 percent in fishes.
Flora.
Authorities divide the Caatinga into microclimates in various ways depending on vegetation type.
Fauna.
The Caatinga is home to nearly 50 endemic species of birds, including Lear's Macaw "(Anodorhynchus leari)", Spix's Macaw "(Cyanopsitta spixii)", Moustached Woodcreeper "(Xiphocolaptes falcirostris)", Caatinga Parakeet,
Caatinga Antwren, Caatinga Black-tyrant and Caatinga Cacholote.
Endemic mammal species include: eleven rodents Caatinga vesper mouse, (Wiedomys pyrrhorhinos, Trinomys yonenagae, Trinomys albispinus minor, Trinomys albispinus sertonius, Thylamys karimii, Dasyprocta sp. n., Oryzomys sp. n., Oxymycterus sp. n., Rhipidomys sp. n. ssp. 1, and Rhipidomys sp. n. ssp. 2; Oliveira one primate (Callicebus barbarabrownae; Oliveira [126); two bats (Xeronycteris vieira and Chiroderma sp. n; Gregorin and Ditchfield and Gregorin et al. [128, resp.).
Economic exploitation.
People use many plant species from the Caatinga region. Palms are very important to the economy in northeast Brazil. People from this area are greatly dependent on extraction from babassu, carnaúba, tucúm and macaúba, from which lauric and oleic oils are made from. Many trees are also used for lumber in this area, including these species: "Anadenanthera macrocarpa", "Ziziphus joazeiro", "Amburana cearensis", "Astronium fraxinifolium", "Astronium urundeuva", "Tabebuia impetiginosa", "Tabebuia caraiba", and " Schinopsis brasiliensis", "Cedrela odorata", "Dalbergia variabilis", "Didymopanax morototoni" and "Pithecellobium polycephalum". Some plants are also used for medical purposes.
Around 15 million people live in the Caatinga region, and are regarded as belonging the poorest inhabitants of Brazil. A very large part of the population depends on agricultural or forest industries for over half of their income. There are few drinkable water sources, and harvesting is difficult because of the irregular rainfall.
Agriculture.
In some places the Caatinga has very fertile soils. Inhabitants plant fruits in the fertile soil to process and eat, sell and export. The irrigated farms along the São Francisco River in the municipalities of Petrolina and Juazeiro are currently exporting grapes, papayas and melons.
Irrigation.
Some regions are being irrigated, most notably the São Francisco River. While this is very good news for some farmers, it has also had serious consequences for people who have always depended on the natural flow of the river. Big dams have brought an end to the high tides in the rainy season, which used to spread fertile mud over the fields creating a rich ground that could be used for agriculture during the dry season. Also, salinization of the soil is becoming a threat since big parts of the land are irrigated with saline water, thus sterilizing the soil.
Deforestation.
Having and using all these resources has some negatives. Intensive agriculture, along with excessive grazing by cattle and goats is affecting the population structure of some of the more important plant and animal species. Deforesting for industrial uses like fuel and charcoal destroys the vegetation. The combination of drought and misuse of the land are becoming a major threat. Harvesting of the caraiba woodland for lumber has reduced its size. This reduction may have contributed to the endangerment of the Spix's Macaw.

</doc>
