<doc id="18992718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992718" title="Len Bailey">
Len Bailey

Leonard Bailey (25 July 1926 – 23 June 1997) was a British automobile designer.
Career.
Leonard Bailey became an apprentice at Austin at Longbridge in 1942 which at that time were building Short Stirlings for the Royal Air Force of World War II.
Building up his experience at Daimler and Rover in Coventry before moving back to Austin which became part of British Motor Corporation (BMC) in 1952 to work in the engine department.
He moved to the USA and by mid 1956 was working at American Motors working on that companies first in house V8 after a deal to buy Packard V8 became too expensive.
In 1958 he move to Ford head office at Dearborn, Michigan working in their engine department but was moved to the Experimental Department by Roy Lunn. He worked on prototypes under him including the development of Ford turbine cars and he was part of the design team that built a two-seat Ford Mustang I in 1962
Ford Racing.
With Ford taking a more pro active motor spot stance in 1963 he was moved back to England to a position of chief draftsman as part of the design team for Fords new GT40 sport car with Ford Advanced Vehicles Ltd FAV department in Slough.
Lola had completed a Ford-powered, mid-engined sports car in 1963 this would form the basis for the Ford assault on winning Le-Mans, the new project was to be based at FAV . They would have responsible for the engineering of the chassis, body and construction of the cars. Eric Broadley was initially responsible for the overall design, but Len Bailey later took care of the chassis reengineering it from Aluminum to Steel for more durability in the 24 hour Race. Ford felt it was also necessary to cope with the added weight of the more powerful all aluminum, dry-sump Ford Fairlane .
By 1966 he was based at Alan Mann Racing base in Byfleet Surry although still employed by Ford of Europe.
Early in 1966 several chassis were shipped to United States to be fitted with the larger, more powerful engine in preparation for Fords third attempt at taking that elusive Le Mans win. These seven litre cars are we now referred to as Mark IIs
No fewer than eight GT40 Mark IIs were race prepared for the 1966 24 Hours of Le Mans. Although entered by three different privateer teams All Factory Ferraris had retired by 17 hours of the race, as had nine of the Fords, but three held together long enough to score an historic photo staged 1–2-3 finish
For 1967 Ford USA decided to concentrate its resources on a second Le-Mans win they fielded the GT40 Mk IV, a newer car redesigned in the USA with a different chassis and a different body Bailey redesigned the two GT40s entered by John Wyer of JW Automotive for the manufacturer's championship
These were lightweight variations of the GT40 slimmer windscreen and roof line, cut off tail, and lighter aluminum body panels. Entered as the Mirage M1 with Gulf Oil sponsorship. Ford left the Mirages and Privateer GT-40's to represent them in the intervening championship events at Monza, Spa, Targa Florio and Nurburgring.
In late 1966 he completed the design of The Honker II a 1967 Can Am car, built by Alan Mann Racing, and run by Holman Moody. (It was named after John Holman, who liked to use the air horns on the big-rig trucks he drove). Powered came from an injected 351 cubic inch engine for its First Race at Bridgehampton New York where it qualified 17th and finished 8th and a 377 cubic inch for Mosport Ontario where it qualifued 17th but didn't start painted metallic it never raced again.
For The 1968 the FIA redrew the rules for championship sports car racing. Engine capacity was limited to 3 litres for prototype Group 6 sports class, Bailey was charged by Ford Europe to create a car for this championship resulting in the Ford P68 of 1968 redesigned the P69 for 1969 built and run by Alan Mann Racing
While at Alan Mann Racing Bailey designed the bodies of a pair of gullwing cars, used in the Gerry Anderson in 1969 science fiction film Doppelgänger constructed of aluminum, the cars were assembled over a six-month period on modified Ford ZodiacMk4 platforms fitted with Ford Escort engines and gearboxes. Two cars were also used in the Gerry Anderson UFO (TV series)
During 1967-68 he did the suspension and brake work (developing rear disc brakes) on the new Ford Escort for rallying and racing, Alan Mann having a contact to run in the British Saloon Car Championship for Frank Gardner who won the championship in 1968 and 1969
At the end of 1969 Bailey penned the Alan Mann Open Sports Ford just before Mann wound up his operation in late 1969, this was raced unsuccessfully in two Can-Am races during 1969. Bailey then began a freelance career although Ford work was a large part of it.
Freelance.
As a freelance designer, his first single seat racing car was the 2.5 liter Alfa Romeo powered Mildren Mono, built for Australian patron Alec Mildren. Frank Gardner drove the car to sixth place in the 1969 Tasman Series and Kevin Bartlett won the 1969 Australian Drivers' Championship with it. Gardner then commissioned a monocoque F5000 car intended for the 1970 UK season, but Gardner signed with Lola instead. He also worked with Gardner to develop the ex-Bud Moore 1969 Trans-Am Boss 302 Mustang for an assault on Group 2 in the 1970 British Saloon Car Championship.
In 1970 Bailey had set up his own design office at Gomm Metal Developments in Woking. During the summer and autumn of 1970 he worked on a secret Ford rally project that would result in the iconic but unused Ford GT70 rally car. He followed this with more design work for JW Automotive, including the Cosworth DFV powered Gulf Mirage M6 sports car for the 1972 and 1973 World Sportscar Championship seasons. Frank Williams came calling in 1971 and Bailey drew the underperforming Politoys Ford FX3 of 1972 and the Iso Rivolta Ford FX3B of 1973
He continued to do consultancy work throughout the 1970s and 1980s. Some of his work included the:
References.
On-Line
Print

</doc>
<doc id="18992720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992720" title="Saint Paul Preparatory School">
Saint Paul Preparatory School

St. Paul Preparatory School, formerly known as Nacel International School, is a private college preparatory school in St. Paul, Minnesota, U.S., and part of the Nacel International School System. Founded in 2003 by US-based student exchange organization Nacel Open Door, it has been successfully recruiting talented students from more than 32 countries worldwide.
Matriculation.
More than 90% of its students pursue a college career either domestically or internationally. The following is a list of universities St. Paul Preparatory School students have been accepted to and/or attended:
Branch Campuses.
Following the success of St. Paul Preparatory School, Nacel International School System opened up a number of other campuses around the world for schools modeled after its St. Paul school.
Its branch schools are located in China, South Korea, Philippines, Vietnam, Turkey and France. A sister school is located in Poland.
External links.
Notre-Dame International High School

</doc>
<doc id="18992753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992753" title="The People's Choice (album)">
The People's Choice (album)

"The People's Choice" is a greatest hits album released by Nomeansno spanning from 1985 to 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18992769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992769" title="Nuclear weapons convention">
Nuclear weapons convention

A nuclear weapons convention is a proposed multilateral treaty to outlaw nuclear weapons. This may include the possession, development, testing, production, stockpiling, transfer, use and threat of use of nuclear weapons, as well as provide for their elimination. It could be similar to existing conventions outlawing other categories of weapons, such as biological weapons, chemical weapons, anti-personnel mines and cluster bombs.
History.
The Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty states that "Each of the Parties to the Treaty undertakes to pursue negotiations in good faith on effective measures relating to cessation of the nuclear arms race at an early date and to nuclear disarmament, and on a treaty on general and complete disarmament." In 1996, the International Court of Justice concluded that this means "There exists an obligation to pursue in good faith and bring to a conclusion negotiations leading to nuclear disarmament in all its aspects under strict and effective international control."
Each year since 1996, the UN General Assembly has passed a resolution calling on all countries immediately to fulfill their disarmament obligation, as articulated by the International Court of Justice, "by commencing multilateral negotiations leading to an early conclusion of a nuclear weapons convention." In 2007, 127 countries voted in favour of the resolution, including four countries with nuclear weapons: China, India, Pakistan and North Korea.
In 1997, a consortium of experts in law, science, disarmament and negotiation drafted a model nuclear weapons convention, which Costa Rica submitted to the UN Secretary-General as a discussion draft. The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons launched an updated version of the model convention in 2007 at a meeting of parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, and Costa Rica submitted this as a Conference Document.
On 24 October 2008 the UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon discussed a nuclear weapons convention in an address to the East-West Institute entitled "The United Nations and security in a nuclear-weapon-free world." In his five-point program he proposed two alternatives for nuclear disarmament negotiations, either "a framework of separate, mutually reinforcing instruments," or "a nuclear-weapons convention, backed by a strong system of verification," citing the Costa Rican proposal as a good point of departure on the second option.
Mechanisms proposed in the 2007 model convention.
The model convention text requires countries with nuclear weapons to destroy them in stages, including taking them off high alert status, removing them from deployment, removing the warheads from their delivery vehicles, disabling the warheads by removing the explosive "pits", and placing the fissile material under UN control. As well as outlawing nuclear weapons, this convention would prohibit the production of fissile materials suitable for making them, namely highly enriched uranium and separated plutonium.
It would establish an agency to ensure that countries comply with the terms of the treaty. This body would receive progress reports from nuclear-armed states, conduct inspections of weapons facilities, acquire intelligence through satellite photography and remote sensors, and monitor the production and transfer of materials suitable for making nuclear weapons.
Support.
The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons campaigns for a Nuclear Weapons Convention. High profile supporters include His Holiness the Dalai Lama, former UN weapons inspector Hans Blix, Nobel laureate Jody Williams, mayor of Hiroshima Tadatoshi Akiba, former World Court judge Christopher Weeramantry, former Australian prime minister Malcolm Fraser, former UN under-secretary-general for disarmament Jayantha Dhanapala, and former Australian foreign minister Gareth Evans.
A 2008 poll put global public support for a NWC at 76%, with 16% against.
In 2011, the Council of Delegates of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement appealed to all states "to pursue in good faith and conclude with urgency and determination negotiations to prohibit the use of and completely eliminate nuclear weapons through a legally binding international agreement, based on existing commitments and international obligations".
Opposition.
France, Russia, the UK and the US oppose a NWC.

</doc>
<doc id="18992770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992770" title="Diocese of Alatri">
Diocese of Alatri

The former Italian Catholic diocese of Alatri existed until 1986, when it was united into the diocese of Anagni-Alatri. Comprising historically seven towns close to Rome, it was under the immediate jurisdiction of the Holy See. 
History.
Local legends place the conversion of Ferentino, Alatri, and neighboring towns in the apostolic age. A named bishop of Alatri is Paschasius (551), who accompanied Pope Vigilius to Constantinople on the occasion of the controversy of the Three Chapters. 
In the church of St. Mary Major in Alatri was preserved a wooden statue of the Madonna, an example of Roman art of the twelfth century. 

</doc>
<doc id="18992778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992778" title="Rick Price (bassist)">
Rick Price (bassist)

Richard "Rick" Price (born 10 June 1944, Birmingham, England) is an English bassist, who has played with various Birmingham based rock bands, most notably Sight and Sound, The Move (1969–1971), Electric Light Orchestra (1970) and Wizzard (1972–1975). With the latter he had two #1 UK hit singles, "See My Baby Jive" and "Angel Fingers", as well as the #4 Christmas classic, "I Wish It Could Be Christmas Everyday" (all 1973).
He joined the Wizzo Band on pedal steel guitar in 1975, after the split of Wizzard, but they broke up in 1978. Prior to this, Price also formed the short-lived band, Mongrel, in 1971, with future Wizzard drummers Charlie Grima and Keith Smart. 
Price is married to Dianne Lee of the 1970s duo, Peters and Lee. Price tours with Lee as a duo, performing hits and new songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18992782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992782" title="Austria–Turkey relations">
Austria–Turkey relations

Austrian–Turkish relations are relations between the Austria and the Turkey and their predecessor states.
The Habsburgs and the Ottomans.
From the middle ages until the twentieth century today's Austria and Turkey were the core regions within much larger empires. Austria was the seat of the House of Habsburg and Turkey was ruled by the House of Osman (also known as the Ottoman Dynasty). The Habsburg and Ottoman states were both large multi-ethnic conglomerations sustained by conquest. These rival empires waged frequent wars against each other over control of much Central Europe and the Balkans.
During its peak, the Ottoman Empire threatened to conquer the Austrian capital of Vienna twice: in 1529 and 1683. After the second Ottoman defeat at Vienna, however, the Habsburgs gained the upper hand, and captured Hungary and Croatia from the Ottomans. After these gains, Austria was no longer able to advance into the Balkans, because of the rival influence of Russia, in a stalemate and dispute known as the Eastern Question. While Ottoman control in the Balkans declined, the Austrians were not able to annex any new territory until Bosnia in 1908, and even that caused a diplomatic crisis (the Bosnian crisis). In the interim Russia had helped several Christian peoples in the Balkans to rebel against the Ottomans and create separate nation-states in the Balkans. After the culmination of all the changes from the Greek War of Independence (1821–1829) to the Balkan Wars (1912–1913) the Austrian and Ottoman empires no longer bordered each other. This allowed both to join the Central Powers as allies during the First World War. The defeat of the Central Powers lead to the overthrow of both monarchies.
Austrian and Turkish republics.
Austria currently has normal relations with Turkey. However, there are some minor complications. Austria, which has approximately 250,000 Turks living there (about 3% of Austria's population), has been at the forefront of blocking Turkey's accession to the European Union.
November 2010.
In 10 November 2010 relations between the two countries were excessively tensioned after Turkish ambassador in Austria accused public and political elite of xenophobia in Austria and called international organisations which locate their buildings in Vienna to relocate in another country .The Freedom Party called for suspending diplomatic relations and for stopping EU accession talks with Ankara. The extreme right called for Austria's diplomatic relations with Turkey to be severed.

</doc>
<doc id="18992790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992790" title="France–Georgia relations">
France–Georgia relations

French-Georgian relations are foreign relations between France and Georgia. Diplomatic relations between both countries were established on August 21, 1992. France has an embassy in Tbilisi and Georgia has an embassy in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="18992804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992804" title="British Saddleback">
British Saddleback

The British Saddleback is a breed of domestic pig created in the 20th century from the amalgamation of two similarly-coloured breeds, the Essex and Wessex Saddleback. 
Origin.
The origin of the British Saddleback is better authenticated than most. Lord Western, while travelling in Italy, saw some Neapolitan pigs and came to the conclusion that they were just what he needed to improve the breed of Essex pigs. He procured a pair of Neapolitans and crossed them with Essex sows. One of his tenants Fisher Hobbs of Boxted Lodge availed himself of the opportunity to use the Neapolitan-Essex boars belonging to Lord Western and crossed them with his coarse Essex sows and in process of time established the Improved Essex. Sidney in his last edition of Youatt on the Pig, says “The improved Essex probably date their national reputation from the second show of the Royal Agricultural Society, held at Cambridge, in 1840, when a boar and sow, both bred by Mr Hobbs, each obtained first prizes in their respective classes.” In his 1855 novel Westward Ho!, Charles Kingsley describes one character as a "Fisher Hobbs' pig", and adds:
Location and appearance.
The Essex pig was mainly found in East Anglia. This pig had a black head and neck, as well as a clearly defined belt of white extending over the shoulders and continuing over the forelegs. The rest of the body was black with the exception of white feet and the tip of the tail.
The Wessex originated in the New Forest as a cross between two indigenous old English bacon pigs. By 1914 the breed was also found in the South and South West. It was black all over, asides from a continuous belt of white hair over the forelegs and shoulder. W. J. Walden writing in the 1931 National Pig Breeders Gazette explains that stringent rules were put in place by the Wessex Saddleback Pig Society at its foundation to prevent alien blood being brought in where the foundation on one side was not of New Forest origin. The breed prided itself on having resisted the trend to introduce Chinese blood. In his article on Wessex Saddleback markings Walden asks “Why then make a feature of the chief colouration marking? Surely it does not take a high intelligence to see the correctness and advantage of the one conspicuous trade mark when two China free breeds are brought together?”
The respective breed societies amalgamated in 1918 and the herd books followed suit in 1967 when the British Saddleback breed was established.
WWII.
The two breeds enjoyed great popularity during the Second World War when 47% of the total pedigree sow registrations were from the Essex and Wessex breed. In 1949 there were 2,435 Essex and Wessex boars licensed representing almost 25% of the licensed boars for that year. The sows retained some of their popularity in the post war years. In 1954 they made up 22% of the total registrations for that year. The boars, however, had lost considerable ground to white breeds and in the same year less than 10% of the licensed boars were from the Essex and Wessex breeds. The recommendations of the time were to cross sows of either breed with a white boar to produce a dual-purpose pig for combined pork and bacon production.
Qualities.
British Saddlebacks are hardy and noted for their mothering ability. The breed continues to be used mainly to provide coloured dams for the production of first-cross porkers, baconers and heavy pigs. The breed is known for its grazing ability and is very hardy. It has secured a niche in outdoor and organic production. Kingsley ("supra") describes the breed as "a pig of self-helpful and serene spirit, ..., fatting fast while other pigs' ribs are staring through their skins".
Exporting.
Many Saddlebacks have been exported to Nigeria and the Seychelles where the pigs have performed on coarse grazing in hot climatic conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="18992819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992819" title="Strike Force">
Strike Force

Strike force, term for the unit, such as of the army or police force, of a special assault assignment team used in offensive tactics (compare to quick reaction force in defense tactics)
Strike Force may also refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18992839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992839" title="JULES">
JULES

JULES (Joint UK Land Environment Simulator) is a land-surface parameterisation model scheme describing soil-vegetation-atmosphere interactions. JULES is a community lead project which is based on MOSES the Met Office Surface Exchange Scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="18992873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992873" title="Geospatial information officer">
Geospatial information officer

Geospatial information officer (GIO) is the head of geospatial information technology within a civilian, business, government and/or military organizations.
Due to cost saving issues, many civilian, business, government and military organizations took the chief information officer concept and created the Geospatial Information Officer. Recent increased use of geospatially oriented data for civilian, business, government and military, have required cost efficiencies in collection, production and analysis.
In March 2008, the U.S. Army Geospatial–Enterprise Governance Board (GGB) created the GIO position, with the Director, U.S. Army Topographic Engineering Center (TEC) as the U.S. Army's "central manager responsible for coordination, assessment, and synchronization of all Army policies and standardization requirements for the geospatial information enterprise, which will help enable interoperability across battle command systems, bringing the Army, Air Force, Navy, and Marines closer to the realization of a unified Common Operational Picture (COP). This COP allows the Department of Defense to deploy assets efficiently and effectively by providing the warfighter with the integrated capability to receive, correlate, and display a common tactical picture, including planning applications that may include location of friendly, hostile, and neutral units, assets, and reference points."
“Geospatial data is the foundation for a common operational picture, and the lack of policy and standards in this area prevents a unified COP today,” said Mr. Burkhardt. “The technology is available to enable battle command systems to collect information once and allow discovery and exploitation by all, however, without these standards, it is difficult to present unified, understandable solutions within and outside of the Army.” Burkhardt is the first U.S. Army Geospatial Information Officer
"The Geospatial-Enterprise Governance Board, co-chaired by the U.S. Army Chief of Engineers, and the U.S. Army Deputy Chief of Staff, G-2, addresses Army Geospatial-Enterprise issues impacting current and future force requirements while striving to administer and facilitate the development of a net-enabled Army geospatial enterprise. Such an enterprise allows actionable geospatial information to be tasked, posted, processed, and used as needed from the National to the Soldier level through a distributed database and architecture based on a common core of software, standards, data formats, and algorithms. A key component of this shared enterprise will be established policy, in conjunction with the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, to pass value added data back to national data stores."
Army Appoints Service's First Geospatial Information Officer, March 2008
GIO Leads Geospatial Enterprise, June 2008
In Search of a GIO
U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Geospatial Information Officer
Theater Geospatial Database
Mission Specific Data Sets (MSDS)
Stewardship: Geospatial Intelligence / GEOINT

</doc>
<doc id="18992877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992877" title="Segun Toriola">
Segun Toriola

Segun Moses Toriola, born 18 September 1974 in Ilorin, Kwara, Nigeria is a Nigerian professional table tennis player.
He is the youngest of nine brothers.
Since 1995 he has been ranked as the best Nigerian player. He has been amongst the top table tennis players in Africa since the mid-1990s. Ranked number 1 in Africa from 1998 to June 2008, when Egyptian Eli Saleh Ahmed became the leading African table tennis player. However, since 2009, Toriola has again been the number 1 in Africa. Renowned for his unusual style of forehand play, which makes him an awkward opponent for many. Despite lacking good footwork has an excellent topspin, which has allowed him to pull off many upsets with top world players.
During his career he has won multiple medals in international singles tournaments. Some of his important achievements are:
He represented Nigeria at six Summer Olympics debuting at Barcelona. His biggest achievement at the Olympics has been reaching the Men's Singles 1/8 final at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, beating amongst others former world number 1 Jean-Michel Saive as well as David Zhuang. His 1/16 match-up with Jean-Michel Saive was seen by many as one of the highlights of the Men's Singles Tournament. He narrowly lost 4-3 to heavily favoured Oh Sang-Eun in the 1/8 final.
His fifth Olympic appearance in 2008 made him the first Nigerian "man" to appear at five Olympics. This feat was achieved four years earlier by sprinter Mary Onyali and also in 2008 by fellow table tennis player Bose Kaffo. By the end of the 2008 Summer Olympics, only thirteen table tennis players worldwide had appeared at least five Olympics. With his participation in 2012 Olympics in London he became the only Nigerian athlete to appear at six Olympics. He therefore joined João N'Tyamba of Angola and Maria Mutola of Mozambique as only third ever African athlete to compete in so many Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18992895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992895" title="The Day Everything Became Isolated and Destroyed">
The Day Everything Became Isolated and Destroyed

The Day Everything Became Isolated and Destroyed is a compilation album combining the EP "The Day Everything Became Nothing" and the full-length album "Small Parts Isolated and Destroyed", both by NoMeansNo.

</doc>
<doc id="18992896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992896" title="E.G. van de Stadt">
E.G. van de Stadt

Ericus (Ricus) Gerhardus van de Stadt (4 February 1910, Zaandam - 1999) was a Dutch yacht designer. He was the founder of industrial yacht building in the Netherlands.
E.G. van de Stadt went through the HTS (technical college) and started a shipyard in Zaandam and a shipswarf and design company for small wooden boats. In 1936, he went to the Olympic Games as a reserve for the Olympia-boat in 1936.
In 1939, van de Stadt designed the "Valk" for the Bruynzeel company to demonstrate the possibilities of their new product "hechthout" (a type of plywood). The "Valk" has been a resounding success over many years. Adding the later polyester versions ("Polyvalk"), this boat is now probably the most popular open sailboat on the Dutch waters.
Ricus van de Stadt later designed a seaworthy raceversion of the "Valk" for Kees Bruynzeel, the "Zeevalk". In 1952 this boat would win the Fastnet race.
In 1958, followed the "Pionier", a 9-metre-long sailboat with the then relative new material polyester. The design was a great success. The light boat won many international matches.
The first maxi yacht came from Ricus van de Stadt's drawing board. The 70-foot ocean racer "Stormvogel" emerged in 1960.
A few other boats that Ricus van de Stadt designed are the "Efsix", "Stern", "Spanker", "Randmeer" and "Wibo". Key to the designs of Van de Stadt are their daring design, simplicity and good sailing.
From 1973, the Van de Stadt company fully concentrated on design after it sold the yard to Dehler. The name was changed to "EG van de Stadt & Partner". Ricus would continue working there until 1978. The design team now works using the name "Van De Stadt Design", and is still led by Cees van Tongeren who started working for Ricus in the late 1960s.
Sources.
Autobiography (Dutch)
References.
http://sailboatdata.com/viewrecord.asp?class_id=6714

</doc>
<doc id="18992899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992899" title="Diving at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Diving at the 2007 Pan American Games

This page shows the results of the Diving Competition for men and women at the 2007 Pan American Games, held from July 25 to July 28, 2007 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. There were a total number of four events, for both men and women, after the inclusion of the Synchronized Springboard and Synchronized Platform events.

</doc>
<doc id="18992914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992914" title="Luis Fernández de Córdoba y Arce">
Luis Fernández de Córdoba y Arce

Luis Fernández de Córdoba y Arce was a Spanish sailor and military man who was Governor of Chile between May 1625 and December 1629. 
A Spanish noble gentleman of El Carpio, in the Province of Cordova and member of an influential family, Luis Fernandez de Cordoba y Arce made his military career in the navy becoming a general of the Navy of the Philippines. After that he was given a post, by his uncle the Viceroy of Peru, Diego Fernández de Córdoba, Marquis of Guadalcázar. He was made general of the plaza and presidio of El Collo, one of the major naval bases in the Spanish Pacific at the time.
When the "Marquess of Guadalcázar", heard of the death of the Governor of Chile, Pedro Osores de Ulloa, he decided to replace the temporary governor, Francisco de Alava and Nureña. Nureña was the brother-in-law of the deceased Osores, designated by Osores during his final hours. In order to replace him the viceroy designated as temporary Governor his own nephew Luis Fernández de Córdoba y Arce, hoping that he would have occasion to display his military skills in the War of Arauco. He was later confirmed in the position by king Philip III of Spain.
From his arrival in Chile, the governor was immediately in the most urgent situation with the Mapuche toqui Butapichún making frequent incursions into Spanish territory north of the Bio-Bio River. In order to contain him, the new governor divided the border into two districts; one under the command of its Maestro de Campo Alonso de Cordova y Figueroa, and the other run by his Sargento Mayor Juan Fernandez Rebolledo. To each of these commanders he gave a well equipped force, so that as a mobile force it could be used in pursuing Butapichún. Despite these measures and some lucky blows against the natives, the Malónes of Butapichún continued. He suffered some defeats with the worst being the Battle of Las Cangrejeras.
He also suggested to the king, without success, the transfer of the Real Audiencia of Chile from Santiago to Concepcion.

</doc>
<doc id="18992916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992916" title="Jean-Christophe Péraud">
Jean-Christophe Péraud

Jean-Christophe Péraud (born 22 May 1977 in Toulouse) is a French cyclist and was a member of the French team at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.
Career.
Competing at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing he won the Silver medal in the cross-country race. In June 2009 he became the surprise winner of the French National Time Trial Championship. This led to him being signed by UCI ProTour team for the 2010 season, to increase their time trialing presence in stage races. He currently rides for with whom he achieved 2nd place in the 2011 Criterium International and a 9th place in the 2011 Tour de France. He crashed out in the final week of the 2013 Tour de France during the time trial, falling in a slippery late-apex corner, in the same spot his family had gathered to cheer him on, with less than two kilometers to go, riding with a non-displaced fractured collarbone sustained in a prior crash the very same morning. Peraud was again placed 9th on the general classification before the incident behind race leader Chris Froome, a mere 4min 33s behind second placed Bauke Mollema. According to cyclingnews.com, Peraud responded in a composed manner concerning the incident:
"I didn't feel that I was taking too many risks, I was descending as I know how but I was surprised by the corner. It's part of sport. I'm okay and it's only a broken collarbone. It will be a relief to get home, and we'll think about my next objective when my body recovers.”
Palmares.
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
WD = Withdrew; IP = In Progress

</doc>
<doc id="18992920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992920" title="Bailin Temple (Beijing)">
Bailin Temple (Beijing)

History.
Imperial era.
Construction of the Bailin Temple started in 1347, under the reign of Emperor Shun of the Yuan Dynasty, in an open tract of land east of the Temple of Confucius. The temple, the largest of its kind in the capital of Dadu, was occupied by the Sakya school of Tibetan Buddhism, which enjoyed great power under the Mongol emperors. The fortunes of the temple, though, were short-lived: in 1355 the Sakya were overthrown in Tibet by local warlords, and the Yuan Dynasty would suffer the same fate only 13 years later: in 1368 Dadu was taken by a rebel army and pillaged.
The structure of the Bailin Temple mostly survived the event but the monastery fell into disrepair in the following decades, even though since 1421 the Ming Dynasty moved the capital back to the north, naming it Beijing. Only in 1447 the Zhengtong Emperor ordered a renovation of the monastery, and in the following years a small square developed in front of the temple’s main gate.
In 1644 Beijing was again taken by a rebel army, and shortly afterwards occupied by the Manchus. Apparently the Bailin Temple did not suffer heavy consequences from the wars. In 1694 a palace for Prince Yong, the fourth son of the Kangxi Emperor, was built directly west of the temple: the prestige of the new neighbour resulted in the gift of a monumental bell (1707) and in a complete renovation of the monastery (1713), on occasion of the 60th birthday of the Kangxi Emperor. The works of renovation were directly supervised by Prince Yong himself who, in 1722, succeeded to the throne as the Yongzheng Emperor. That same year, the new monarch donated part of his former palace to Tibetan lamas of the Gelug school, which would transform it, in a few decades, into the largest Tibetan temple outside Tibet, the Yonghegong Lamasery (雍和宫).
The rise of such monastery resulted into a partial oblivion for Bailin Temple which, by the end of the dynasty, had become dependent on its western counterpart. However, the generosity of the Qing emperors and the wealth of the Gelug school made sure that temple was kept in good repair. In 1758, the Qianlong Emperor ordered a lavish renovation of the buildings, part of his great project to shape Beijing into a monument to his power.
Like the Yonghegong Lamasery, Bailin Temple was not touched by the pillages of 1860 by Anglo-French forces and of 1900 by the Eight-Nation Alliance, because of the superstitious fear that Tibetan Buddhism inspired to the invaders.
Warlord era.
However, as the Qing Dynasty came to an end in 1911 and the capital was moved to Nanjing, Tibetan Buddhism came to be seen as a feudal and non-Han religion and the temples entered into decadence.
According to the property register of the temple in 1931, the abbot was Master Taiyuan. The address for the temple was not 1 Xilou Hutong, but 4 Bailin Temple Hutong. The register records that there were more than 100 Buddhist statues, 18 cypress trees, one pine tree, a pair of steles, one stone spirit wall, one pair of stone lions.
In 1931, the Abbot Taiyuan of Bailin Temple was rather famous in Beijing, and was very active in the upper class circles. According to a memoir by Master Tanxu, Abbot Taiyuan was from northeast China: prior to his conversion, his secular name was Zhang Jiechen. His family was rather wealthy, however after his father died, the wealth was quickly trifled away by family members. In 1924, Zhang Jiechen became a monk under Master Tanxu in Harbin.
In 1925, Taiyuan came to Beijing. In the following year, the warlord Zhang Zuolin became the new leader of the Northern Warlords Government of China. Since Taiyuan came from the same area as Zhang, he soon became friends with Zhang’s Chief of Staff and thus was appointed abbot of Bailin Temple. In 1929, Master Taiyuan and a few Buddhist believers established a Buddhist academy inside the temple grounds. The next year, under the efforts of Master Taixu, the academy was reorganized on a larger scale. However, in 1931, the war between the Chinese and the Japanese in the Northeast had a serious effect on the financial resources of the temple. In 1932, it was announced that the academy was to close. Since Taiyuan had always lived a rather luxurious life, he eventually decided he could not survive in Beijing anymore and moved to Sichuan, where he later died. Although Taiyuan was active in Beijing for only five or six years, his role in establishing the academy played a major part in advancing the study of Buddhism in Beijing.
Modern era.
The phenomenon of decadence aggravated after the Communist takeover of Beijing in 1949. In August 1966, the temples were attacked by Red Guards, who evacuated the lamas from the area and reorganised the buildings, including dormitories, stables, warehouses and shrines outside the main temples, assigning them to danwei. After this period several brick structures were built inside Bailin Temple’s walls and the screenwall was linked to the main walls to create a closed courtyard; the Drum and Bell Towers were torn down, and the stone lions, the Buddhist statues and two stone tablets displaying the rules to observe inside the temple disappeared. After the Tangshan earthquake (1976), the flow of refugees dramatically increased density in and around the temple.
In 1988 Bailin Temple was designated by the government to host the Cadre Academy of the Ministry of Culture/Central Academy of Cultural Administration (文化部干部学院) and the Beijing Historical Site Preservation Bureau, in addition to other private and public companies’ offices. In 1992 the government funded a renovation of the temple, which restored the original building but did not touch the new ones. Since 2007, the Beijing Cultural Heritage Protection Centre (CHP) also established its headquarters in one of the buildings. In Autumn of the same year a public mill (a stone slab used by the community in ancient time to grind cereals) in front of the temple has been destroyed, as the road has been levelled for easier traffic.
Architecture and artwork.
A horizontally inscribed plaque in the handwriting of the Kangxi Emperor which reads "The Everlasting Cypress Grove" (Wangubailin) hangs on the façade of the Mahavira Hall, while statues of the Buddhas of the Three Worlds are found inside. Behind this hall is the Hall of Vimalakirti, containing seven carved and gilded Buddha images dating from the Ming Dynasty.
To the east of the main hall is an auxiliary hall containing two large bronze bells 2.6 metes tall cast in 1707. Their surfaces were cast with bas-reliefs of coiling dragons and mantra intoned after a person's death in the hope of gaining passage to the Pure Land.
Among the valuable relics in the temple is a complete set of printing blocks for the Tripitaka carved in the early 18th century. The collection has 7,240 volumes with a total of 78,230 separate blocks. Carved of high-grade pear wood, the blocks remain in fine condition today except for some minor cracks. The work of carving took six years to complete and was begun in 1733 during the reign of the Yongzheng Emperor. However, fewer than 200 copies of the Tripitaka were printed during the ensuing 300 years, one reason why the blocks remain in excellent condition.
The blocks were originally stored in the Hall of Military Eminence (Wuyingdian) in the Palace Museum, but were later transferred back to the temple. They are presently being cared for under the supervision of the Beijing Library.
Location.
Bailin Temple is normally accessible only to people related to the institutions hosted in it. The gates open to the public on Cultural Heritage Day (June 8).

</doc>
<doc id="18992933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992933" title="Bogomolov conjecture">
Bogomolov conjecture

In mathematics, the Bogomolov conjecture, named for Fedor Bogomolov, is the following statement:
Let "C" be an algebraic curve of genus "g" at least two defined over a number field "K", let formula_1 denote the algebraic closure of "K", fix an embedding of "C" into its Jacobian variety "J", and let formula_2 denote the Néron-Tate height on "J" associated to an ample symmetric divisor. Then there exists an formula_3 such that the set
Since formula_5 if and only if "P" is a torsion point, the Bogomolov conjecture generalises the Manin-Mumford conjecture. The original Bogomolov conjecture was proved by Emmanuel Ullmo and Shou-Wu Zhang in 1998.
Zhang proved the following generalization:
Let "A" be an abelian variety defined over "K", and let formula_2 be the Néron-Tate height on "A" associated to an ample symmetric divisor. A subvariety formula_7 is called a "torsion subvariety" if it is the translate of an abelian subvariety of "A" by a torsion point. If "X" is not a torsion subvariety, then there is an formula_3 such that the set

</doc>
<doc id="18992936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992936" title="Lee Kil-Hoon">
Lee Kil-Hoon

Lee Kil-Hoon (born March 6, 1983) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a midfielder for Penang in Malaysia Premier League. 
Career.
Penang.
In December 2013, Lee moved to Penang FA after impressed in a trial match against Kelantan FA. 
Lee made his debut on 21 January 2014 against Sarawak FA in the Malaysia FA Cup. He made his league debut in a 3–1 home win over Sabah FA on 24 January.
Lee scored his first league goal against UiTM FC on 7 February. Three days later, Lee scored twice to claim a 3–2 victory away to Perlis FA.
Career statistics.
"As of end of 2008 season"

</doc>
<doc id="18992948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992948" title="Makeléer">
Makeléer

The Makeléers are Swedish House of Nobility family 513. The earliest member was Hans Makeléer, 1st Baronet (1604-1666) who migrated to Sweden from Scotland.
Makeléer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18992950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992950" title="Lancashire County Council election, 2009">
Lancashire County Council election, 2009

A whole-council election to Lancashire County Council took place on 4 June 2009 as part of the United Kingdom local elections, 2009. The United Kingdom government department Department for Communities and Local Government consulted on the issue of moving the elections to the same date as the European Parliament election, 2009, which resulted in the council elections being postponed to June to coincide. 84 councillors were elected for 84 divisions by first-past-the-post' for a four-year term of office. Wards were the same as those at the previous election in 2005. Elections are held in all electoral divisions across tbe present ceremonial county, excepting Blackpool, and Blackburn with Darwen which are unitary authorities in a similar way to Greater Manchester and most of Merseyside.
All locally registered electors (British, Irish, Commonwealth and European Union citizens) who were aged 18 or over on Thursday 4 June 2009 were entitled to vote in the local elections. Those who were temporarily away from their ordinary address (for example, away working, on holiday, in student accommodation or in hospital) were also entitled to vote in the local elections, although those who had moved abroad and registered as overseas electors cannot vote in the local elections. It is possible to register to vote at more than one address (such as a university student who had a term-time address and lives at home during holidays) at the discretion of the local Electoral Register Office, but it remains an offence to vote more than once in the same local government election.
Summary.
The election saw the Labour Party lose overall control of the council to the Conservative Party, who achieved an absolute majority. The Labour Party group became the councils official opposition.
Summary of Results.
Elections were held in 2005 across Lancashire.
Divisional results.
Burnley.
(* On Thursday, 6 May 2010, a by-election was held to fill the vacancy in Burnley Central East following the death of the sitting member. The result was a Labour GAIN from Liberal Democrat, majority 878.
Wyre.
†Wyreside fell vacant in August 2011 following the death of its councillor. The subsequent by-election was held in October 2011 and was a Conservative hold

</doc>
<doc id="18992952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992952" title="Poema rondelurilor">
Poema rondelurilor

Poema rondelurilor is the title of a 1927 collection of rondel cycles by the Romanian poet Alexandru Macedonski. It contains the following rondels divided into the following cycles:

</doc>
<doc id="18992963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992963" title="Luigi Voltan">
Luigi Voltan

The Luigi Voltan Shoe Company is a shoemaker founded in the Italian village of Stra in 1898 by Giovanni Luigi Voltan (1873–1941).
After returning to Italy from the United States, Volton introduced serialized production process for his factory. The mechanization of some phases of the cycle allowed him to cut costs, which lowered the price for consumers. The quick growth of the Voltan footwear factory became the basis for the development of the Riviera del Brenta footwear district.
Background.
In 1898, Stra was a little country village of the Venetian hinterland that was affected, like many others, by the agricultural crisis. As emigration seemed to be the only alternative to unemployment, Voltan left the country for Boston in the United States. At that time, shoe manufacturing was a significant industry in Boston. The U.S. footwear production was very much industrialized; it was characterized by division of the production cycle, and mechanization of the manufacturing phases. Voltan was hired by large companies and worked in different departments. He mastered the serialized production process, concluding that these techniques should be used in Italy.
Mass production.
Returning to Stra gave Voltan many advantages over more traditional Italian shoe makers who were still bound to manual production. Sewing machines for leather and hides marketed by the Singer Corporation were beginning to spread throughout Italy, but these machines were too simple for mass production. The few shoe factories in existence at that time were extensions of craft shops rather than production lines.
Voltan started a workshop in his native village, using American and German machinery. In 1904, he employed between 400 and 500 workers, producing 1,000 shoes a day. The mechanization of some phases of the cycle allowed him to cut costs, which lowered the price for consumers. It was a strategic choice. He created his own retail sales network so that he could sell directly to consumers and thus undercut his competitors. He opened shops throughout Italy prior to the First World War. After Giovanni Luigi, his son Emanuele ran the company, as well as his nephew Giovanni, together with his two sons Emanuele and Marco.
The quick growth of the Voltan footwear factory was an example for others, and it was the basis for the development of the Riviera del Brenta footwear district. Thus, the Voltan factory became the catalyst for one of many new industries in Italy during that period.

</doc>
<doc id="18992972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992972" title="Richard Anthony (politician)">
Richard Anthony (politician)

Richard Sidney Anthony (1875–1962) was an Irish politician. A Linotype operator by profession, Anthony stood unsuccessfully for election at the 1923 general election. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as an Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork Borough constituency at the June 1927 general election. He was re-elected as a Labour Party TD at the September 1927 general election. He left the Labour Party and was elected as an independent TD at the 1932 general election. He was re-elected as an independent TD at the 1933 and 1937 general elections.
He lost his seat at the 1938 general election but was re-elected at the 1943 and 1944 general elections. He again lost his Dáil seat at the 1948 general election but was elected to the 6th Seanad on the Labour Panel at the subsequent Seanad election in 1948. He stood at the 1951 general election but was not elected. He did not contest the 1951 Seanad election but was elected to the 8th Seanad in 1954, again on the Labour Panel. He did not contest the 1957 Seanad election and retired from politics. He served as Lord Mayor of Cork from 1942 to 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="18992975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992975" title="Brachyrhinodon">
Brachyrhinodon

Brachyrhinodon is an extinct genus of sphenodontian from the Triassic of Scotland .

</doc>
<doc id="18992981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992981" title="South German Railway Museum">
South German Railway Museum

The South German Railway Museum ("Süddeutsches Eisenbahnmuseum Heilbronn" or SEH) is a railway museum at Heilbronn in the state of Baden-Württemberg in southwestern Germany. It was founded in 1998.
Aims.
The museum has the following aims:1. To preserve the site of the former Heilbronn locomotive depot, part of which is under historic building protection. 2. To preserve historical railway vehicles and their associated infrastructure and to display them to the general public. 
The members of the board of trustees work for the museum as volunteers.
Site and Description of the Museums.
The museum is located in the former Deutsche Bundesbahn locomotive depot at Heilbronn in the Böckingen district of the town. The depot was opened in 1893 by the Royal Württemberg State Railways ("Königlich Württembergische Staats-Eisenbahnen" or K.W.St.E.), and owned in succession by the Deutsche Reichsbahn, Deutsche Bundesbahn and Deutsche Bahn, before being taken over in 2000 by the museum's board of trustees. The museum has about 80 exhibits (wagons and locomotives). On the site is a locomotive roundhouse with a working turntable, as well as a large wagon shed. Steam and diesel engines can be serviced and looked after.
Members of the museum restore locomotives and wagons from the period 1895 to the 1950s. In addition, the roundhouse opened in 1893 is being refurbished. This is the only remaining roundhouse from the time of the Royal Württemberg State Railways that can still be seen in its original state.
Museum Vehicles.
Here is a brief overview of the locomotives and wagons owned by the museum. A detailed description of these exhibits may be found on the museum website.
Steam Locomotives.
The steam locomotives which can be seen include the following:
The star of the show is undoubtedly the Prussian P 8 steam locomotive, number 38 3199, bought back from Rumania and restored to working condition. In addition, numbers 86 457 and 23 105, which were victims of the great fire at Nuremberg-Gostenhof on 17 October 2005, are housed here. 
Only the carcasses remain on many of the other valuable steam locomotives, but they are being gradually rebuilt into visual exhibits. 
As well as the SEH museum's own locomotives, express train steam engines belonging to the Ulm Railway Friends are also stationed here.
Diesel Locomotives.
Amongst the diesel locomotives on display are the DB Class V 200.1 (later Class 221), DB Class V 60 (later Class 260) and a MaK 800 D, which is similar to the DB Class V 65 (later Class 265). The robust MaK, side-rod driven locomotive is operational and is used for transportation and industrial railway duties across the length and breadth of Germany.
Electric Locomotives.
The SEH also has a DB Class E 50 and a DRG Class E 63 locomotive in its care and protection.
Wagons.
There is a collection of valuable Prussian and Saxon passenger coaches, that have still to be refurbished because, before they had been bought by the SEH, they had stood in the open for many years and fell into disrepair as a result. A lot of time and money will be required to restore them.
In the wagon shed a historical saloon coach belonging to the last crown prince of Prussia is on display.
Model Railway.
An I-gauge model railway layout may also be viewed at the museum.
Opening Times and Annual Events.
The museum is open to visitors on weekends and public holidays between March and October. Larger events include the steam days in May and the steam engine festival in September that is also combined with a meeting of I-gauge model railway enthusiasts. At the latter, many working layouts and modules are displayed or presented and there are also I-gauge items for sale.

</doc>
<doc id="18992987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992987" title="2005 UCI Track Cycling World Championships">
2005 UCI Track Cycling World Championships

The 2005 UCI Track Cycling World Championships were the World Championship for track cycling. They took place in Los Angeles, USA from March 24 to March 27, 2005.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18992988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992988" title="Sabine Spitz">
Sabine Spitz

Sabine Spitz (born 27 December 1971 in Herrischried, Baden-Württemberg) is a German cross country cyclist. She won bronze in Women's cross-country at the 2004 Summer Olympics, silver in the event in the 2012 Summer Olympics and gold in the event in the 2008 Summer Olympics. Furthermore she became World Champion in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18993000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993000" title="William Kneale">
William Kneale

William Calvert Kneale (22 June 1906 – 24 June 1990) was an English logician best known for his 1962 book "The Development of Logic", a history of logic from its beginnings in Ancient Greece written with his wife Martha. Kneale was also known as a philosopher of science and the author of a book on probability and induction. He was a Fellow of Exeter College, Oxford, and in 1960 succeeded to the White's Professor of Moral Philosophy previously occupied by the linguistic philosopher J. L. Austin. He retired in 1966.
Life and work.
Kneale's interest in the history of logic began in the 1940s. The focus of much of Kneale's early work was the legacy of the work of the 19th century logician George Boole. His first major publication in the history of logic was his paper "Boole and the Revival of Logic," published in the philosophy journal Mind in 1948. He was also the author of a number of papers in Philosophical logic, particularly on the nature of truth for natural languages, and the role which linguistic concepts play in the treatment of logical paradoxes.
Kneale worked on his great history of logic from 1947 to 1957 together with his wife Martha (who was responsible for the chapters on the ancient Greeks). The result was the 800-page "The Development of Logic", first published in 1962 which went through five impressions before going into a second, paperback, edition in 1984.
The 'History' is commonly referred to in the academic world simply as "Kneale and Kneale". It was the only major history of logic available in English in the mid-twentieth century, and the first major history of logic in English since "The Development of Symbolic Logic" published in 1906 by A.T. Shearman. The treatise has been a standard work in the history of logic for decades.
In 1938 he married Martha Hurst; they had two children, George (born 1942) and Jane (married name Heal); born 1946).

</doc>
<doc id="18993004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993004" title="Ko Chang-Hyun">
Ko Chang-Hyun

Ko Chang-Hyun (born September 15, 1983) is a South Korean football player who plays for Ulsan Hyundai FC (formerly Busan I'Park, Suwon Samsung Bluewings, Gwangju Sangmu, and Daejeon Citizen).
Club career statistics.
"As of April 18, 2011."

</doc>
<doc id="18993006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993006" title="Lieutenant Kijé (Prokofiev)">
Lieutenant Kijé (Prokofiev)

Lieutenant Kijé is the score composed by Sergei Prokofiev for the 1934 Soviet film "Lieutenant Kijé" directed by Aleksandr Faintsimmer based on the novel of the same title by Yury Tynyanov.
Suite from "Lieutenant Kijé".
Sergei Prokofiev composed music to the film "Lieutenant Kijé" in 1933, and compiled a suite from it as his Op. 60. It exists in two versions, one using a baritone voice and the other using a saxophone. With the help of Prokofiev's friend Boris Gusman, the music was developed as the score for a ballet by the Bolshoi Ballet company. 
The Troika movement is frequently used in films and documentaries for Christmas scenes and scenes involving snow. This motif from the suite was also used in the song "I Believe In Father Christmas" by the English rock musician Greg Lake (which was subsequently covered by U2), as well as Helen Love's Christmas single "Happiest Time of the Year". The pop group The Free Design used the motif as the basis for the song "Kije's Ouija", which appears on their 1970 album "Stars/Time/Bubbles/Love". The troika motif was used as the primary musical theme in Woody Allen's 1975 film "Love and Death", which takes place in 19th century Russia. In addition, the theme for the Romance movement appears in the synthesizer solo in the song by the pop artist Sting called Russians released in 1985.
Movements.
The suite, in five movements broadly follows the plot of the movie:
According to the score, the duration of the suite is 18 minutes.
Première.
1937, Paris
Instrumentation.
Baritone voice (sometimes performed as tenor saxophone).
2 flutes, piccolo, 2 oboes, 2 clarinets, tenor saxophone (sometimes performed on bassoon), 2 bassoons, 4 horns, 2 trumpets, cornet, 3 trombones, tuba, 3 percussionists (cymbals, little bells, triangle, bass drum, snare drum, tambourine), harp, piano or/and celeste, and strings.
Uses in other media.
Ballets.
This music was used for two ballets.

</doc>
<doc id="18993082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993082" title="Katrina Bryan">
Katrina Bryan

Katrina Bryan (born 10 July 1980) is a Scottish actress who has starred in "Taggart", "Nina and the Neurons", "See You, See Me" and "Sea of Souls". She has been active since 1999. Bryan has a BA in Acting from Queen Margaret University. She is represented by Kevin Brady, Actors Agent, at Amanda Howard Associates Ltd http://www.amandahowardassociates.co.uk/actors-home/ and currently lives in Edinburgh. She recently appeared in an Irn-Bru advert where she names her newborn baby Fanny, much to the shock of the baby's father.
"See You, See Me".
In June 2004, Bryan played Tess Macauley in the Scottish Education programme "See You, See Me" for three episodes, broadcast on BBC Two from 7–21 January 2005. When Bryan played Tess she always wore a pink zip up anorak and her hair in a ponytail. Tess was also a tour guide.

</doc>
<doc id="18993091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993091" title="Teiji Ōmiya">
Teiji Ōmiya

Ōmiya died at the age of 66 of colorectal cancer on December 23, 1994.
Roles.
After his death, Ōmiya's role as an oni in "Doraemon" was assumed by Yasuhiro Takato.
Television dramas.
These are live action works in which Ōmiya appeared.
Sources:
Anime TV series.
Sources:
OVAs.
Sources:
Anime films.
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="18993117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993117" title="Craig Gillespie">
Craig Gillespie

Craig Gillespie (born 1 September 1967) is an Australian film director, best known for his films "Lars and the Real Girl" and the "Fright Night" remake.
Early life.
Born and raised in Sydney, Gillespie moved to New York City at the age of nineteen to study illustration, graphic design and advertising at Manhattan's School of Visual Arts. He first developed an interest in film in his early twenties when a friend of his was becoming a film director and encouraged him to do the same.
Career.
Gillespie worked for fifteen years as a commercial director, commonly working with cinematographers Adam Kimmel and Rodrigo Prieto. He changed advertising agencies often, once working at six agencies in the space of five years. Following nominations in 2001 and 2002 in the Directors Guild of America Award category for "Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Commercials", he won in 2006 for his Ameriquest and Altoids commercials. He also won a Golden Lion Award at 2005's Cannes Lions International Advertising Festival, and two of his commercials belong to the Museum of Modern Art in Midtown Manhattan's permanent collection.
Gillespie's debut feature film was 2007's "Mr. Woodcock". He left the project after several negative test screenings, and many scenes were re-written and re-shot, David Dobkin replacing Gillespie in the director's role. Upon initially receiving the script, Gillespie had assumed that audiences would respond well to the dark humor he had been using in his commercials, but, according to him, "it was obvious the audience wanted a broader comedy, not the one I'd made. I appreciated the predicament New Line was in, so I stepped aside." Less than a month after principal photography of "Mr. Woodcock" concluded, Gillespie set up pre-production of "Lars and the Real Girl", for which he had had the script for four years but had not attached any cast members or a studio. He had first read the script before he was attached to "Mr. Woodcock", but the pitch for "Lars and the Real Girl"—a man falling in love with a sex doll—which he had almost turned down himself, believing the premise to be an "absurd notion", put off away many major studios and he chose to direct "Mr. Woodcock" first.
Gillespie directed several episodes, including the pilot, of the first season of Steven Spielberg and Diablo Cody's television series "The United States of Tara". He was set to re-team with "Lars and the Real Girl" lead actor Ryan Gosling for "Dallas Buyers Club", a film telling the true story of Ron Woodroof, an electrician given six months to live after he was diagnosed with AIDS, but used a variety of drugs which he smuggled to other AIDS patients to live for another six years. However, the directing job instead went to Jean-Marc Vallée and Matthew McConaughey as Ron Woodroof. In March 2010, it was announced that Gillespie would direct the "Fright Night" remake, starring Colin Farrell, Anton Yelchin and Toni Collette for the lead roles. Gillsespie finalized his contract to direct an adaptation of "Pride and Prejudice and Zombies" on 18 April 2011. Gillespie has been announced to direct the Gregg Allman's autobiography novel "My Cross to Bear" into a feature film.
Craig Gillespie was honored along with Sam Worthington for their work in international roles with the coveted 2009 Australians in Film Breakthrough Award.

</doc>
<doc id="18993133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993133" title="Trevor McEachron">
Trevor McEachron

Trevor McEachron (born August 4, 1983 in Woodbridge, Virginia) is an American soccer forward with the Richmond Kickers in the USL Second Division. He was a 2003 first team All American and spent three seasons in the Premier Development League. His Father is Earl McEachron and his mother is Barbara Sheehan. Trevor has an older brother and younger sister. He received his Bachlor's degree in Business Management from Old Dominion University. 
Youth.
McEachron grew up in Virginia where he attended Woodbridge High School. He completed school his junior year and used his senior year to play soccer. In the spring of 2001, he joined the Chesapeake Dragons of the fourth division Premier Development League. He would continue to play for the Dragons through the 2003 collegiate off season. In the fall of 2001, McEachron entered Old Dominion University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 2001 to 2005. He was the team’s MVP his freshman season. In 2003, he had played seventeen games before suffering a season ending knee injury which kept him out of the 2004 season. Despite the injury, he was named a 2003 first team All American. He returned for the 2005 season, earning first team all CAA recognition.
College Accomplishments.
2001: Named team MVP. 2002: Selected for All-Region, All-State, All-CAA teams. 2003: Named CAA Defender of the Year. Named National Player of the Week by College Soccer News. Named CAA Player of the week. 
Professional.
On January 26, 2006, the Los Angeles Galaxy selected McEachron in the first round (twelfth overall) of the 2006 MLS Supplemental Draft. He saw not first team games. At some point in 2006, he moved to the Richmond Kickers, but whether or not this was a loan arrangement with the Galaxy is unclear. However, he did play one game with the D.C. United reserves on loan from the Kickers reserves in 2006. It appears he may have spent part of the 2008 season with the Los Angeles Galaxy because he did not sign with the Kickers until June 5, 2008. On August 22, 2008, he played on loan with the Chicago Fire in Chicago’s exhibition match with C.D. Veracruz

</doc>
<doc id="18993145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993145" title="Weaver building">
Weaver building

The Weaver building was a flour mill and corn storage building which formerly stood alongside the half-tide basin of the North Dock in Swansea, South Wales. It formed part of a complex of buildings owned by Weaver & Co. and was designed and built by the French engineer Francois Hennebique in 1897, being the first reinforced concrete building in Europe. The Weaver building survived World War II bombings in 1941, the general post-war clearance of other industrial buildings in the area and the filling in of the adjacent basin in the late 1960s, but was demolished in 1984 to make way for a new Sainsbury's superstore that now stands on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="18993153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993153" title="PUTCO">
PUTCO

The Public Utility Transport Corporation (PUTCO) provides commuter bus services in Gauteng, Limpopo and the western parts of Mpumalanga in South Africa. PUTCO was established in 1945 after the bus strike of 1944. The company was run by Jack Barregar and Tom Frith.
PUTCO is the only public passenger company previously listed on the Johannesburg Securities Exchange SA and has grown into the biggest commuter bus operator in the country. It operates 1,600 buses, employs just over 3,300 people and transports more than 230,000 commuters daily. PUTCO vehicles travel more than 90 million kilometres per year.
PUTCO began manufacturing special access buses in 2002. They are designed and operated in consultation with organizations that work with people with disabilities. It has a bad record regarding road safety. Numerous times it has been compelled to check all its vehicles for roadworthiness. PUTCO was involved in various fatal accidents on the Moloto road near Kameeldrift.
It has entered into a Broad Based Black Economic Empowerment (BBBEE), which is a deal affording African's meaningful participation in the transport industry. PUTCO is now 42.6% African owned, 11% of whom are women.
History.
During the apartheid era, PUTCO was the main "blacks only" bus transport company and was often seen as a symbol of oppression. As a result, the company was frequently targeted in attacks and boycott actions. The biggest challenges then were the high cost of diesel fuel, maintenance and spares. PUTCO has been part of South African history. The company traded on the Johannesburg stock exchange for over six decades, survived the penny fare increase of 1954, the 1976 riots and the upheavals of 1980s.
Carleo Enterprises bought back the company from the Leyland Motors Corporation in 1971. They had initially sold their entire shareholding in 1962. Albino Carleo went on to lead PUTCO as Managing Director, later serving as chairman and CEO for more than three decades. He retired in September 2004. Franco Pisapia, a nephew of Albino Carleo, took over as Managing Director.
The company has its own bus body building facility in Brits, outside Pretoria, called the "Dubigeon Body & Coach". It can also overhaul engines and gearboxes. PUTCO assisted the department of Public Transport Roads and Works with the establishment of a contracting model with Gauteng Women in Transport (GWIT). PUTCO has subcontracted five buses to GWIT, giving it a total of 10 vehicles. This arrangement ensures that the women lease buses and routes from the company.
1945 - 1950.
PUTCO was founded by Jack Bird Barregar in 1945 and listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange with an issued share capital of R810,000. At the end of the decade PUTCO was placed under Judicial Management.
1950 - 1960.
Three years later the capital was restructured and the company was taken out of Judicial Management. PUTCO pioneers began giving aptitude tests to potential drivers. A year later it also introduced advertising on the sides of its buses. On 7 January 1957 workers from Johannesburg and Pretoria townships began a boycott of PUTCO, due to the company increasing fares by 25% (one penny at that time) in order to get them out of a continuous financial crisis. This spontaneous act marked the start of a three-month period during which an estimated 70,000 workers joined in the action, which became known as the 1957 Alexandra Bus Boycott. PUTCO was forced to rescind the increase in the bus fare.
At the end of the decade PUTCO also expanded its service to Durban. Prior to this only municipal bus services were available.
1960 - 1970.
Just after the takeover by Leyland Motors, PUTCO began the acquisition of other bus services. These included the Edenvale Bus Service from Carleo Enterprises. Six years later Carleo Enterprises sold all their remaining services to PUTCO. These included Rand Bus Lines and Evaton Passenger Services.
1970 - 1980.
In 1971 Carleo Enterprises bought a 51,6% shareholding of "Public Utility Transport Corporation" from Leyland Motors. Carleo Enterprises then formally changed the name from Public Utility Transport Corporation to PUTCO Limited. In June 1972, a strike by about 300 PUTCO drivers won a 33.3% wage increase. It also formed the Transport and Allied Workers Union.
A year later Albino Carleo took over as Managing Director of PUTCO. At the end of the decade PUTCO acquired another company, African Bus Service from United Transport in an acrimonious corporate battle.
On 5 September 1984 a PUTCO bus was torched with the aid of a petrol bomb after PUTCO employees did not participate in a national anti-apartheid strike. Two of the attackers were granted amnesty by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission in 2001 for their actions on that day, the third person involved was already deceased.
1980 - 1990.
Albino and the board of directors started the "PUTCO Foundation" in 1982 to assist in social uplifting of the communities which the company serves. PUTCO’s fleet peaked at 3,440 vehicles in mid-decade. The buses travel 156 million kilometres a year and carry 353 million passengers.
Mrs. Marina Maponya became the first black person to be appointed as a director of the company in 1986.
1990 - 2000.
The effect of the taxi industry had a disastrous impact on PUTCO; the bus fleet was reduced to 2,500, carrying 120 million passengers a year. Just three years later passenger numbers had dropped to 82 million and the bus fleet was reduced to 2,280. Surprisingly their profits increased to R17,6 million. Despite PUTCO losing customers, it also withdrew from Durban after suffering considerable losses in that region.
PUTCO started its first joint venture operation with a black partner in 1998, Valuader (Pty) Limited, in the Vaal Triangle. This was the first of a number of such joint ventures and the "Lekoa Transport Trust" was established. A year later the "Ipelegeng Transport Trust" was also established. In October 1990 seven people died and 27 were injured when a PUTCO bus was attacked at KwaMashu, north of Durban. This was carried out by members of right wing movements in South Africa.
2000 - 2010.
In 2002 Nathi Khena became the first black Managing Director of the company and the "Asibemunye Transport Trust was established. In 2004 Albino Carleo and a number of the board retired after serving many years. A new board was structured with Franco Pisapia, a nephew of Albino Carleo, becoming the Managing Director.
Just a year later PUTCO de-listed from the JSE Securities Exchange after sixty years to enable it to take on empowerment partners. PUTCO achieved an important milestone in the history of the transport industry by completing a BBBEE scheme, empowering its more than 3,300 employees in 2006.
Bus services.
Operating Areas.
PUTCO currently operates commuter services in the following areas:
Tickets.
Types of tickets used by PUTCO include:
The fare structure is presented to assist loyal passengers in both cost saving and convenience. This way the fare per trip via a monthly ticket is much cheaper than that of a daily ticket. Fixed and mobile ticket selling points operate in various areas.
PUTCO is in the process of upgrading their ticketing equipment to the 'Automatic Smart Card Fare Collection and Tracking System' to reduce long lines and floating cash. The contact-less 'Smart Card' also allows passengers to quickly enter the bus by simply placing the card on the reader, thus reducing driver-passenger contact.
This system provides an on-bus smart card and cash-based revenue management system which will help to record data such as passenger behaviour, popular routes and type of tickets purchased. The system will also assist with the dispatching of drivers and post-shift cash-ups. Passengers can now buy smart cards at Soweto operations and mobile vendors at R30 each. The Smart Card can be re-charged with a weekly, monthly or season ticket. Another benefit of the smart card is that a passenger can use it (once it is re-charged), multiple times. The card fits into a pocket or purse, is very secure and cannot be read or copied.
Installation of the system costs around R30,000 per bus. The system, said to be worth more than R8 million, includes a means of enabling PUTCO to maintain constant surveillance of its buses in order to monitor driving patterns and driver behaviour.
Access Buses.
In 2002 PUTCO initiated the building of special access buses for disabled passengers. These vehicles were designed after consultation with organizations for the disabled in PUTCO's bus body building operation in Brits. They utilize a special loading platform.
During a trip the wheelchairs are secured by load binders to the floor structure. Seat belts and an additional wheelchair storage area are provided. There are also coded hand-rails and bell-pushes for the partially sighted.
At present six access buses are being operated, three in the Pretoria area and the others in the Johannesburg area. These buses also have specially trained crews, two per bus, to assist passengers.
Accidents.
2000.
In 2000 the Gauteng Transport Department ordered PUTCO to check all its vehicles for roadworthiness. This followed a crash which left thirteen people dead near Pretoria. The accident, which also left twenty-seven people injured, occurred when a PUTCO bus collided with a minibus taxi on the Moloto road near Kameeldrift. Investigations revealed that the bus driver lost control of the vehicle after its steering mechanism failed. The bus veered into oncoming traffic, hitting the taxi.
At the end of the year the notorious Moloto road claimed another sixteen lives when a PUTCO bus driver overtook a minibus taxi and collided with another PUTCO bus in rainy conditions. The bloodbath once again prompted a ritual outpouring of anger and grief. It also triggered oft-repeated calls on the government to make good its promises to upgrade the road.
2006.
In April 2006 a hundred and thirteen people were injured in a four-bus pile-up north of Pretoria. The accident happened at the PUTCO depot where three buses had stopped when a fourth hit a bus from behind, causing each one to ram the vehicle in front of it. The provincial minister said to the press that both accidents could have been avoided if the drivers followed the rules of the road and the buses were in a roadworthy condition. The Mpumalanga Roads and Transport Department met staff from PUTCO to discuss the condition of some of the company's buses.

</doc>
<doc id="18993155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993155" title="Perameles bowensis">
Perameles bowensis

Perameles bowensis is an extinct species of bandicoot. Fossils have been found in the Wellington Caves of New South Wales. The bandicoot was about 20 centimeters long. It is believed to have gone extinct in the Late Pliocene. 
It is probably most closely related to "Perameles sobbei", a fossil bandicoot from Queensland.

</doc>
<doc id="18993177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993177" title="Distelsee">
Distelsee

Distelsee is a high alpine lake in the canton of Valais, Switzerland. It is located at an elevation of 2587 m, below Brudelhorn. Its surface area is 4.8 ha.

</doc>
<doc id="18993186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993186" title="Conny Waßmuth">
Conny Waßmuth

Conny Waßmuth (born 4 April 1983 in Halle an der Saale) is a German sprint canoer who has competed since 2005. She won a gold medal in the K-4 500 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Waßmuth also won eight medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with five golds (K-1 4 x 200 m: 2009, 2010; K-4 200 m: 2007, 2009; K-4 500 m: 2005, 2007) and two silvers (K-4 200 m and K-4 500 m: both 2006).

</doc>
<doc id="18993213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993213" title="Thomas Welsh (composer)">
Thomas Welsh (composer)

Thomas Welsh (c. 1780 - 24 or 31 January 1848) was an English composer and operatic bass. Welsh spent most of his life in London and is now particularly remembered for his light-hearted stage works.
Life.
The son of John Welsh, by his wife, a daughter of Thomas Linley the elder, he was born at Wells, Somerset. He became a chorister in Wells Cathedral, where his singing notice; Richard Brinsley Sheridan heard of him, and induced Linley to engage him for oratorio performances at the Haymarket Theatre, London, in 1796. Engagements followed for the stage, in course of which he sang in many operas, some of which, such as Thomas Attwood's "Prisoner", were written specially to exhibit his powers. He was also brought into notice as an actor, mainly through the influence of Kemble.
Meanwhile he was completing a musical education under Karl Friedrich Horn, Johann Baptist Cramer, and Baumgarten. He produced two farces at the Lyceum Theatre, and an opera, "Kamskatka", at Covent Garden, and ultimately settled down to his main work, as a teacher of singing. He had great success with his pupils, among whom were John Sinclair (1791–1857), Charles Edward Horn, Catherine Stephens, and Mary Anne Wilson, who became his wife, and sang in many important concerts.
He died at Brighton on 24 January 1848. In addition to dramatic pieces, he wrote some sonatas for piano (1819), songs, part-songs, glees and duets, and a ‘Vocal Instructor,’ London .

</doc>
<doc id="18993214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993214" title="Portugal in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Portugal in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Portugal will be present at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia. Portugal's entrant was chosen through the Festival da Canção 2009, held on 28 February 2009 by the Portuguese broadcaster Rádio e Televisão de Portugal (RTP). The winner of the contest was Flor-de-Lis with "Todas as ruas do amor", gaining maximum marks from the jury, as well as coming second in the televote.
Festival da Canção 2009.
The final of Festival da Canção 2009 was broadcast live on 28 February 2009 from Teatro Camões in Lisbon. First details on Festival da Canção 2009 were released in October 2008.
In a change from Festival de Canção 2008, RTP dropped the use of invited producers in the contest and held an open call for songs to anyone wishing to take part.
The finalised rules for the 2009 edition of Festival da Canção were released on 2 December.
The open call for songs was held by RTP for the contest, with the deadline for entries set at 12 January. Only Portuguese composers were allowed to submit songs, and all songs must be performed in Portuguese. Over one week, starting on 14 January, an expert jury selected by RTP, including the head of delegation José Poiares and the musicians Tozé Brito, Fernando Martins and Ramón Galarza, selected the best 24 songs out of the 393 submitted, which were revealed by José Fragoso, the broadcaster CEO, and the Festival da Canção 2009 hostess Sílvia Alberto at a press conference held by RTP on January 19 at 3.30PM GMT. From 19 to 30 January people from around the world can vote for their favourite songs on the competing 24 songs over the internet, with the top 12 songs qualifying for the final of Festival da Canção 2009 on 28 February. The voting during the final will be a mixture of televoting (50%) and jury voting (50%), with votes being awarded from each region of Portugal.
Online selection.
Among the artists who have submitted songs but have not been chosen for the online voting stage were Bruno Henriques, Catarina Ferreira, Cláudia Madeira (former Operação Triunfo contestant), Evelyne Filipe (former Operação Triunfo contestant and backing singer for Vânia Fernandes on the Eurovision Song Contest 2008), Filipa Ruas (former Operação Triunfo contestant), Filipa Sousa (former Operação Triunfo contestant), Hugo Biqueira, Kássio, Leandro, Nuno Paiva, Nuno Durão & Ariana, Sofia & Fred, Sónia Santos, Tânia Gonçalves & Cheng, and Wanda Stuart. The final list of the 24 competing artists was revealed on 19 January.
On 24 January, 5 days after voting began, RTP deleted more than 20,000 votes deemed to be fraudulent. RTP's head of delegation, José Poiares, confirmed that "the broadcaster reserves the right to remove votes when these are shown to be fraudulent" and that such a process "will be continued until the final voting day". More fraudulent votes were removed during the same day, as well as rumours that certain songs may be disqualified due to being publicly heard before October 2008. Pedro Daniel’s song, "Sem ti não quero acordar", was revealed to have been performed at the Lagoa song festival in 2006, as well as having been used in a television commercial in September 2006. Pedro Duvalle may also be disqualified due to his song, "Sinto sentido", due to a video on YouTube having been dug up of him performing the song, with no specific date known, however some fans are reposting that the concert was held on 17 June 2008, in Viseu, however this information has yet to be confirmed. RTP has announced that they will study the originality of the two songs, but will only disclose their findings if either of the two songs is in the top 12 at the end of the voting on 30 January.
On 28 January, Miguel Cervini withdrew his song "Não está" from the competition after he disagreed with over 4000 votes being removed from his song that RTP deemed to be fraudulent. The online voting ended on 30 January, with 117,639 valid votes being made over the 11-day period. Luciana Abreu won the voting, gaining 11,193 votes. From the 12 qualifying songs, one of the two possible disqualified songs qualified, Pedro Duvalle's song "Sinto sentido", which came 11th in the voting. RTP disqualified the song from the competition, having been performed prior to 1 October 2008, breaking Eurovision rules. He was replaced in the final by Nuno Norte with "Lua sem luar", who came 13th in the voting.
Final.
The final of Festival da Canção was held on 28 February 2009, and featured the 12 qualifying artists from the online voting held in January.
The winner of the contest was decided through televoting and jury voting. 20 regional juries gave points to their ten favourite songs, in Eurovision style. This was converted into Eurovision style points, and joined by televoting in the same system. The winner was Flor-de-Lis with "Todas as ruas do amor". Flor-de-Lis received the maximum 12 points from the juries, and came second in the televote. Favourite in the televoting, online voting winner Luciana Abreu, received only 4 points from the juries.
At Eurovision.
Despite qualifying from the semi-finals for the first time in the 2008 contest, Portugal had to qualify from the semi-finals again in 2009 as it was not one of the "Big Four" or the host of the 2009 contest. Portugal competed in the first semi-final on 12 May 2009, performing 16th in the running order, following Finland and preceding Malta and won a place in the final where it finished 15th.
It has been announced by RTP that the commentator for the semi-finals and final will be singer and TV host Hélder Reis, while the announcer of the Portuguese votes during the final was supposed to be Sérgio Mateus (actor), who also acted as green room commentator during Festival da Canção. In the end, Helena Coelho announced the Portugueses votes.

</doc>
<doc id="18993216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993216" title="Aert Schouman">
Aert Schouman

Aert Schouman or Aart Schouman (4 March 1710 - 7 May 1792) was an 18th-century painter from the Northern Netherlands.
Schouman was born in Dordrecht. When 15 years old he served as apprentice to the Dordrecht artist Adriaan van der Burg, along with Cornelis Greenwood, the son of his teacher for glass etching, Frans Greenwood. Schouman was unusual among painters in that he kept a detailed diary of his professional life from 16 October 1733 to 16 November 1753. He took on his first art pupil in 1733 and continued teaching for the rest of his life. From 1742-1792 he was headman of the Dordrecht Guild of St. Luke, and in 1751 he became regent of the Hague drawing school associated with the Confrerie Pictura of The Hague. In 1736 he founded the "Brotherhood" of the Confrerie in The Hague, a fraternity of amateur art lovers from Dordrecht and environs, of which he was headman during the years 1752-1762.
Schouman was a leading artist in Zeeland between 1735 and 1785. During that period he lived and worked in Dordrecht, The Hague and Middelburg and taught pupils in Dordrecht and The Hague. He travelled to England twice and assembled an important collection of paintings. He was a prolific and versatile Dutch painter, glass engraver, printmaker, collector and dealer, who produced still lifes, biblical and mythological themes, natural history studies, genre, historical works, portraits, sketches, etchings and mezzotints. He designed tapestries, painted wall-hangings and decorated objects such as fans, snuffboxes and even the glass windows of a magic lantern. His pupils were Wouter Dam, Jabes Heenck, Dirk Kuipers, Pieter Willem van Megen, Nicolaes Muys, Jan van Os
Joris Ponse, Martinus Schouman (his grandnephew), Jan Willem Snoek, Rutger Moens Taats, Wouter Uiterlimmige, Wilhelmus Vincentius, Jacobus Vonck, and Daniël Vrijdag. He died in The Hague, aged 82.
His painting of Cornelis van Lill, the Dordrecht art collector and Maecenas, gives an insight into the relationship between artist and patron.

</doc>
<doc id="18993230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993230" title="Jrarbi">
Jrarbi

Jrarbi (); formerly known as "Jrarati trchnafabrika" (meaning "Jrarat poultry factory"), is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18993254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993254" title="Shahumyani trchnafabrika">
Shahumyani trchnafabrika

Shahumyani trchnafabrika (, translates as "Shahumyan poultry factory") is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18993256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993256" title="2004 UCI Track Cycling World Championships">
2004 UCI Track Cycling World Championships

The 2004 UCI Track Cycling World Championships were the World Championship for track cycling. They took place in Melbourne, Australia from 26 May to 30 May 2004.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18993257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993257" title="Puguli language">
Puguli language

Puguli or Phuie (Pwĩẽ) is the language of the Phuo people. It is spoken in Burkina Faso.

</doc>
<doc id="18993260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993260" title="Claud E. Cleeton">
Claud E. Cleeton

Claud Edwin Cleeton (1907-1997) was a physicist notable for his groundbreaking work, with Neal H. Williams, on the microwave spectroscopy of ammonia. This was the groundwork that led to the eventual development of the radar.
Education.
In 1935 he completed his PhD at the University of Michigan, under Neal H. Williams, with a thesis entitled: "Electromagnetic-Waves of 1.1 cm Wavelength and the Absorption Spectrum of Ammonia."
Career.
After obtaining his PhD, Cleeton went to work for the Navy and during World War II he was with the Naval Research Laboratory, where he improved radar systems. After the war, he conceived and developed a space surveillance system that detected Soviet satellites.
Honors.
For his wartime efforts, Cleeton received the President's Certificate of Merit from Harry Truman in 1946 and the Meritorious Civilian Service Award the following year. After retiring from the Naval Research Laboratory in 1969, he was awarded the Navy Distinguished Civilian Award and in 1993 the IEEE Microwave Pioneer Award. He held patents on 15 electronic inventions and authored numerous papers in technical journals.
Retirement and Death.
When he retired, he wrote books on stock trading, and he taught himself to use the computer. Cleeton joined the First United Methodist Church of Bellevue, Washington and wrote computer programs to do the church's bookkeeping. Cleeton also developed computer programs for stock analysis. Cleeton died of heart failure April 16, 1997, at the age of 89.
Cleeton was survived by his wife of 66 years, Mary Ellen; two daughters, Sue Guildi and Sarah Kakaley.

</doc>
<doc id="18993271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993271" title="Brook Brasier">
Brook Brasier

Brook Brasier (1 February 1879 – 31 August 1940) was an Irish politician. Brasier stood unsuccessfully for election as a Farmers' Party candidate for the Cork East constituency at the June 1927 and September 1927 general elections. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as an independent Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork East constituency at the 1932 general election. He lost his seat at the 1933 general election. He was elected as a Fine Gael TD for the Cork South–East constituency at the 1938 general election. He died in 1940 during the 10th Dáil but no by-election was held to fill his seat.

</doc>
<doc id="18993278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993278" title="Ninjōbon">
Ninjōbon

The is a pre-modern Japanese literary genre. Novels focused on young love and were generally aimed to attract female readers. It is a sub-genre of gesaku and succeeds the earlier sharebon and kokkeibon genres.
Developments.
The ninjōbon genre begins around 1819 with by Ryūtei Rijō and by Jippensha Ikku as early examples of the genre.
The genre reached its peak in the 1830s. Much of this was due to works of Tamenaga Shunsui beginning with in 1832. This was followed by a number of books in the "Umegoyomi" series.
However, the popularity of the genre came to abrupt end in 1842 with the introduction of the Tenpō reforms. Led by Mizuno Tadakuni, Tamenaga was manacled for 50 days, ninjōbon were confiscated and burned, and fewer books in the genre were published. The restrictions are lessened after Mizuno retires.
Ninjōbon continued to be published until the early Meiji period.

</doc>
<doc id="18993287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993287" title="Handball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team rosters">
Handball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team rosters

This is a list of the players who are on the rosters of the teams participating in the 2008 Beijing Olympics for women's handball.

</doc>
<doc id="18993314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993314" title="Jan Kudlička">
Jan Kudlička

Jan Kudlička (, born 29 April 1988 in Opava) is a Czech pole vaulter. He finished in 8th place at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London with a jump of 5.65 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="18993328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993328" title="Don Castle (baseball)">
Don Castle (baseball)

Donald Hardy Castle is a former professional baseball player. He played in four games in Major League Baseball for the Texas Rangers in 1973, three as a designated hitter and one as a pinch hitter.
Castle was originally drafted as a first baseman in the first round in 1968 by the Washington Senators, who became the Rangers in 1972. In addition to his brief major league career, Castle played for eleven years in minor league baseball, finishing his career with the West Haven Yankees in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18993332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993332" title="Polesie (disambiguation)">
Polesie (disambiguation)

Polesie or Polesia is a swampy region in the Eastern European Lowland.
Polesie may also refer to the following villages in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18993333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993333" title="Diocese of Bisignano">
Diocese of Bisignano

The former Italian Catholic diocese of Bisignano, in Calabria, existed from the eighth century until 1818. In that year it was united with the diocese of San Marco, to create the diocese of San Marco e Bisignano. More recently, Bisignano passed to the archdiocese of Cosenza-Bisignano.
History.
Bisignano is the ancient Besidias, or Besidianum, which in the eleventh century became the residence of a Norman count and later a fief of the Orsini. In 1467 Skanderbeg's daughter, wife of the Prince of Bisignano, invited there many Albanian families who established various colonies, spoke their own language, and used the Greek Rite. 
The first mention of a bishop is in 1179. Bisignano certainly had bishops in the tenth century, when mention is made of Ulutto in the life of St. Uilo di Rossano; Bishop Federico (1331) was killed in 1339.

</doc>
<doc id="18993340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993340" title="School for Secrets">
School for Secrets

School for Secrets is a 1946 British film written and directed by Peter Ustinov and starring David Tomlinson, Ralph Richardson, Raymond Huntley, Richard Attenborough, John Laurie and Michael Hordern. A group of British scientists work to develop a radar system, they do it just in time for the Battle of Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="18993352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993352" title="Handball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's team rosters">
Handball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's team rosters

This is a list of the players who are on the rosters of the teams participating in the 2008 Beijing Olympics for Men's Handball.

</doc>
<doc id="18993362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993362" title="Straight Life">
Straight Life

Straight Life may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18993364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993364" title="Szydłów (disambiguation)">
Szydłów (disambiguation)

Szydłów is a village (formerly a town) in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, south-central Poland.
Szydłów may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18993375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993375" title="Norman Lacy">
Norman Lacy

Norman Henry Lacy, Australian politician, is a former Victorian Government Minister from May 1979 to April 1982 who grew up in Richmond, Victoria and three times represented his state at national under age basketball championships. He completed university degrees in theology, sociology and management science and had a diverse career that included periods as an apprenticed plumber, an Anglican priest, a liberal parliamentarian, a management educator and an information technology industry executive. He has been President of "Independent Contractors Australia" since October 2008 and lives in Wye River, Victoria. 
As Minister for the Arts from 1979-82 he was responsible for the construction of the "Victorian Arts Centre" (and the design of its management structure); the establishment of the "Australian Children's Television Foundation"; the creation of "Film Victoria" and the reconstitution of the "Victorian College of the Arts". As Assistant Minister of Education and Minister for Educational Services from 1979-82 he was responsible for reforming the administration of the "Education Department of Victoria"; for establishing the "Special Assistance Program" to address illiteracy and innumeracy in primary schools; for introducing a reformed "Health and Human Relations Education" curriculum and compulsory "Physical Education" in government schools.
Early Life (1941-1956).
Norman Henry Lacy was born at the Epworth Private Hospital in the Melbourne suburb of Richmond, Victoria on 25 October 1941. His parents were Albert Henry Lacy a licensed plumber and gasfitter, and Florence Emma Lacy (née:Benn). He was baptised at "St Stephen's Church of England" in Richmond on 28 June 1942. He has a brother Stanley Albert born in 1937 and a sister Janette Florence (Henderson) born in 1947.
During his childhood and teenage years he lived with his parents and siblings, initially at 31 Buckingham Street (for 6 months), and then at 89 Church Street, North Richmond. As an infant he attended the Boroondara Kindergarten in Nth Richmond. His primary education took place at "North Richmond State School" (now "Yarra Primary School") and his secondary education (1954–56) and apprenticeship training at "Richmond Technical College" (1957–59) and the "Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology" (1960).
The family belonged to "St Matthias Church of England" in Church Street, North Richmond (since demolished) where Norman Lacy was confirmed on 19 July 1953. The family were also active in the Scout and Guide movement in Richmond. His mother was the Principal Guider for the Girl Guide movement with oversight of the guide companies in the Richmond district. She was also a member of the "Trefold Guild". His father was Assistant Secretary of the "Richmond Union Bowling Club".
Victorian Basketballer (1956-1960).
Norman Lacy's mother died of lung cancer on 21 February 1956 at the age of 44 when he was 14 years of age. Lacy regarded this event as the most formative of his life.[http://archive.org/stream/Resilience-UpWeGrewStoriesOfAustralianChildhoods/Resilience#page/n0/mode/1up] 
He dealt with his grief by throwing himself into sport. The opportunity to play for his local church basketball team in the "Church of England Basketball Association" competition presented itself and he devoted all his spare time to the sport. During his teenage years, Lacy three times represented Victoria at the "Australian Junior Basketball Championships", as under 16 team Captain in Adelaide in 1956, as under 18 team Vice-Captain in Sydney in 1957, and again in Davenport in 1958, in which year he also won the "Best and Fairest Player" award.
Lacy's initial occupation from 1957 to 1961 was as an apprenticed plumber and gasfitter in his father's plumbing business that traded under the name "A.H.Lacy Bros". in Richmond.
Strongly influenced by the Billy Graham crusade in Melbourne in 1959, Lacy became a committed evangelical Christian. During his early 20s he was a member of the "Scripture Union" and "Children's Special Service Mission" movements and as a clergyman, the "Anglican Evangelical Fellowship of Australia". He subsequently, became an active advocate of the application of Christian teaching to social issues. This is reflected in his first (maiden) speech in the Victorian Parliament [http://archive.org/stream/Address-in-replyToTheGovernorsSpeechByMrNormanLacyMp#page/n0/mode/1up] where he argued for the responsibilities parliamentarians had for ensuring that the poor had appropriate opportunities of breaking out of the culture of poverty. 
His father died at the age of 52 on 30 May 1960 when Lacy was 18 years of age. His father had experienced poor health for many years with heart and kidney conditions and had never fully recovered from his wife's death four years earlier, struggling with the impact this had on his young family. For Lacy this represented a seminal moment in his life. He came to acutely feel that he was alone in the world and that whatever the future held, it would be determined by his efforts alone.
Anglican Priest (1960-1973).
Lacy married his first wife in August 1965 with whom he had three daughters.
From 1964 to 1973, Lacy served as Curate in the parishes St Mary's Caulfield (1964 to 1966) and St Stephen's Richmond (1966–1968). And then as Vicar of St John's Healesville with Yarra Glen and Christmas Hills (1968–1973). Lacy's interest in education policy was fostered in Healesville through the relationship he established with the parents and teaching staff at the "Healesville High School". He devoted two days each week teaching religious education to each class at the school becoming, in effect, its honorary chaplain. He added to this integration into the school's life by becoming a member of the school's "Parents and Friends Association" and for some time its honorary secretary. 
While at Healesville, Lacy completed his study (commenced at Ridley) for the degree Scholar in Theology (Th Schol.) in 1969 and graduated the following year. In 1970, as a mature age student, he studied for and completed the Higher School Certificate, the prerequisite for his entry into the Arts Faculty at Monash University to which he and his wife travelled twice each week to study part-time for their Arts (Hons) degrees.
Early in his incumbency at Healesville, Lacy joined the Liberal Party of Australia under the influence, and with the support of, some prominent Liberal parliamentarians who were amongst his parishioners such as Peter Howson, Vasey Houghton, Russell Stokes and Gracia Baylor. Other Liberals such as Vernon Hauser and Jim Manson were active in ensuring that he secured the party's pre-selection for the seat of Ringwood in the Parliament of Victoria for the State election in May 1973. As a result of legislation introduced by Premier Henry Bolte prior to the 1970 Victorian election that removed the prohibition on ministers of religion from being elected to the Victorian Parliament (along with criminals and bankrupts), Norman Lacy became the first clergyman to be elected to the Victorian Parliament. In 1979, he became the only clergyman ever to be appointed a Minister of the Crown in Victoria.
After winning the seat of Ringwood in the Legislative Assembly in May 1973, Lacy moved his young family from the Vicarage in Healesville to a home they established in his electorate at 39 Alice Street, North Croydon and continued to live there for the nine years that he was a member of the Victorian Parliament. During this period, his children attended "Croydon Primary School" and "Tintern Church of England Girls Grammar School". The family belonged to St John's Anglican Church in Croydon.
Liberal Parliamentarian (1973-1982).
Lacy was on the Victorian Parliament's "Qualifications Committee" in 1973 and 1974. It was on this committee that Lacy got to work with the Opposition Leader Clyde Holding who often reminded Lacy that for a building trade apprentice from Richmond (the electorate Holding represented) he was in the wrong party. Lacy returned the banter in numerous parliamentary debates in which he took on Holding and his party over the growing level of unemployment that was emerging in the Australian economy under the Whitlam government. 
From the time that he joined the party in 1972, Lacy was an active and vocal 'small l' Liberal and a strong supporter of the leadership of Rupert Hamer. He publicly supported Hamer and many of his causes. In particular, he was active in his support for Hamer's private member's Bill for the abolition of capital punishment in Victoria. Lacy made what many regarded as the finest parliamentary speech of his career on the Bill in which he made much use of his theological training.[http://archive.org/stream/CrimesCapitalOffencesBillSpeechesByMrNormanLacyMp#page/n0/mode/1up] As a result, he made a number of friends amongst the Labor opposition including fellow Anglican and Education spokesman Robert Fordham and Barry Jones who for many years had led the abolitionist campaign on this issue. He also became the unofficial 'numbers man' on the Government side of the Legislative Assembly where support for the Bill was hard to come by. In this he was assisted by his close friend Peter Block who undertook a similar role in the Legislative Council where he was a Member for Boronia Province covering Lacy's lower house seat.
Curiously, Lacy made no use in his campaign on this issue of two highly relevant experiences. Firstly, he stood silently together with around three thousand other protesters outside Pentridge prison at 8.00 am on Friday 3 February 1967 while Ronald Ryan was hanged in 'D' Division by the Bolte Government and secondly, that Ryan's children had been parishioners at St Stephen's Church of England in Richmond where he was the Curate from 1966 to 1968 with special responsibility for youth and children's programs. Lacy did not join the Liberal Party until after Bolte had resigned from Parliament. He felt no affinity for the Liberal Party legend who be believed represented everything to which he did not aspire.
1976 was one of the most fulfiling years in Lacy's life. After his re-election to the Parliament for the seat of Warrandyte in March 1976, he was elected by the party room to the position of Secretary of the Parliamentary Liberal Party. During his first parliamentary term, he had completed his Bachelor of Arts (Hons) in Sociology part-time at Monash University. His honours dissertation was entitled ""A Social Network Approach to the Origination and Quality of Male Neighbour Relationships on Middle Class Housing Estates."" 
Recognising Lacy's interest in and commitment to education issues, Deputy Premier and Education Minister Lindsay Thompson invited Lacy to Chair his Parliamentary Party Committee on Education. This brought the two men closer together and Thompson performed a generous mentoring role with the young parliamentarian. It was a relationship over which Lacy agonised a few years later due to the criticism of Thompson that was implied from the substantial reforms in the administration of education in Victoria that Lacy was convinced he must pursue while in Cabinet.(Detail here:and here:[http://archive.org/stream/CommonsenseAndImprovingSchooling#page/n0/mode/1up) He became increasingly convinced and vocal that the government must restructure the administration of primary and secondary education in Victoria to a devolved school management system which empowered school communities, councils and principals who would obtain specialist support services from regional directorates. He tried, largely without success, to convince Thompson to have his ideas for educational reform, incorporated into the 1979 election policy, but otherwise he remained a great admirer of his mentor. After Rupert Hamer's resignation in 1981, he voted in the party room ballot for Thompson to be Premier - a ballot that Thompson won by one vote from Bill Borthwick. For ever after, Lacy was left to wonder what his career might have been had he not voted out of loyalty and the more electorally appealing Borthwick (for whom he also had great admiration) had led the Liberal Party to the 1982 election.
Lacy was prominent in defending Hamer's integrity and reputation in the Parliament against the attacks of the two renegade right wing Liberal MLAs, Charles Francis (Caulfield) and Doug Jennings (Westernport) and in September 1977 he successfully moved in the party room for their expulsion. He attacked the two members for their disloyalty to the Premier and their party colleagues by abstaining in a vote on an opposition no-confidence motion over "Housing Commission of Victoria" land deals. He argued that for an elected representative to abstain from voting was an abrogation of their principle responsibility upon which parliamentary democracy was based. He believed that MPs were primarily paid to vote, the record of which was democratically critical information for voters at subsequent elections. To abstain was a cowardly and devious means of keeping the electorate uninformed. His speech brought together the key tenents of his political and personal philosophy about which he was passionate - loyalty, transparency and accountability. He was strongly supported by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Sir Kenneth Wheeler and Community Welfare Services Minister Walter Jona
Lacy represented the Victorian Parliament as a member of the "Victorian Institute of Secondary Education" Council from 1977 to 1979. In 1977 he attended the 8 week "Advanced Management Program" at the "Australian Administrative Staff College" Mount Eliza on a scholarship he was awarded by the Parliament of Victoria. It was here that Lacy conceived and developed the general thrust of the decentralised regional and school based reforms that, with Education Minister Alan Hunt, he later introduced into the Victorian education system.
Minister for the Arts (1979-1982).
Lacy held the portfolio of Minister for the Arts from May 1979 to April 1982. During his Arts incumbency, he was responsible for the establishment of the "Victorian Arts Centre Trust"and for the construction of the theatres, concert hall and spire of the Victorian Arts Centre. During this period, Lacy's friendship with Peter Block was a most valuable resource. Block was a constant source of advice on many of the difficult issues that emerged in the critical construction phase of this major national project. Lacy was constantly called on to defend the Arts Centre Trust during some highly charged public debates in the Parliament.[http://archive.org/stream/VictorianArtsCentreMinisterialStatement#page/n0/mode/1up] He had to defend the acoustics, the design of the spire, the rejection of the proposed changes to the Concert Hall interiors, the BASS ticketing system of the project, as well as its delays and cost over runs in debates that were often led by Opposition Leader John Cain. 
In May 1980, prior to introducing the legislation to establish the management structure of the "Victorian Arts Centre", he undertook a study trip with George Fairfax, the Centre's Executive Director to Los Angeles, San Francisco, New York, Washington, Toronto, Ottawa, London and Paris to assess administrative structures at major performing arts centres in these cities. However, Lacy's relationship with Fairfax deteriorated soon afterwards when he had to inform Fairfax that he could not support the additional cost and waste that would be involved in shelving the already acquired Concert Hall interior fittings and finishes in favour of new designs that the Trust had commissioned by John Truscott and was then actively promoting. Being responsible for both the generously funded Arts, and the over stretched Education, building programs created a moral tension for Lacy. Nor was he impressed with the Trust going over his head to directly lobby the Treasurer for the extra multi-million dollar funding required for the proposed new interiors. In the end, he won the argument with his long standing mentor and friend, Treasurer Lindsay Thompson and the Truscott designs were dropped. 
In March 1981, Lacy had the "Victorian College of the Arts" Act passed through the Victorian Parliament.[http://archive.org/stream/VictorianCollegeOfTheArtsBill-2ndReadingSpeech/VictorianCollegeOfTheArtsBill#page/n0/mode/1up] Its purpose was the reconstitution of the "Victorian College of the Arts" (VCA) made necessary by the repeal in 1980 of the "Victorian Institute of Colleges" Act and to make it "better able to provide for the preparation of young people to enter upon careers as professional artists. It also represents a most significant development for the Victorian Arts Centre."
In October 1981 Lacy created "Film Victoria" as "a new statutory authority to be responsible for Government activities related to the production and distribution of film in Victoria including film for educational purposes".[http://archive.org/stream/FilmVictoriaBillSecondReadingSpeach/FilmVictoriaBill2ndReadingSpeach#page/n0/mode/1up] The Act that he had passed through the Victorian Parliament provided for "Film Victoria" to be established by the amalgamation the "Victorian Film Corporation" (as it had been constituted initially in 1976), the "State Film Centre" and sections of the "Audio Visual Resources Branch" of the "Education Department of Victoria". The purpose of the amalgamation was to avoid the unnecessary duplication of functions by the three organisations; to enhance the capacity of the Government to meet the present and future media needs of Victorians; to simplify access to film materials and to enlarge the benefits to be derived from the use of such materials. Lacy saw this initiative as supportive and complementary to his push to have the "Australian Children's Television Foundation" established.
Other highlights of this period were:
Assistant Minister of Education / Minister for Educational Services (1979-1982).
Together, Lacy (in the Legislative Assembly) and Hunt (in the Legislative Council) made a formidable team in the pursuit of their mission to reform the administration of the highly centralised Department of Education in Victoria.Landt - Past President Victorian Primary Principals Association - "The years 1980 and 1981 were very significant years in the history of state education in Victoria. For the first time in eighty years there was a complete restructure of the Education Department. Minister Norman Lacy whilst attending a two month course at the "Australian Administrative Staff College" at Mount Eliza devised a model in which the Director-General was replaced by a group of managers. The Government legislated, at the end of 1981, to scrap the teaching divisions (Primary, Secondary and Technical) and to remove the statutory bodies (The Committee of Classifiers and the Teachers’ Tribunal). ...a firm of business consultants (P.A. Australia) was used to implement the Government's plans."</ref> As Assistant Minister of Education and later, Minister for Educational Services, Lacy was jointly responsible with Hunt for the most significant and far-reaching reorganisation of the Victorian Education Department in the 20th Century.[http://archive.org/stream/ImplementingChange-APersonalView/ImplementingChange#page/n0/mode/1up
Hunt appointed Lacy Chairman of the external "Ministerial Consultative Committee" that steered the project in its early phase and the "Implementation Steering Committee" later.[http://archive.org/stream/EducationAmendmentBill-2ndReadingSpeech/EducationAmendmentBill#page/n0/mode/1up] Lacy pulled together an impressive group of people from academia and business to assist him including Emeritus Professor Bill Walker from the University of New England who became a significant influence in Lacy's career after politics.
Lacy's role in the Education portfolios included responsibility for the "Special Services", the "Building Operations" and the "Planning Services" Divisions. He used this responsibility to initiate compulsory Physical Education in Schools.For this, he was recognised in March 1983 by the award of a Fellowship by the "Australian Council for Health, Physical Education and Recreation". Similarly, Lacy was responsible for the promotion of a reformed "Health and Human Relations Education" curriculum in Victorian Schools. He had been personally given this project by the Premier on being appointed to Cabinet after the 1979 election to fulfil a commitment Hamer had made prior to the election to the Women's Electoral Lobby. He pursued this mandate assiduously and against robust public opposition from rural based fundamentalist Christian groups as well as leading members of the Catholic Church and the National Civic Council. With the Premier's support he had the "Principles and Policy Statements for Health and Human Relations Education" approved by Cabinet on 15 October 1979 and the "Guidelines" and "Curriculum Statement" on 8 December 1981.[http://archive.org/stream/HealthAndHumanRelationsEducation#page/n0/mode/1up
His work in the planning, budgeting and delivery of the school building program gave the ex plumber some of his most satisfying experiences. He accepted every invitation he received to visit schools in Victoria. Usually, the purpose of the visit was to open a new school, library, art and craft centre or physical education facility. The latter being the subject of a carefully thought out plan - "Education & Community Activity Centre (Ecacentre)" program - which more efficiently expended the funds available for school assembly halls on a greater number of secondary schools for the purpose of providing a facility for indoor physical education and sport. He became enthusiastic about this program for many reasons not the least of which was that the design developed at his request by the Public Works Department was able to accommodate a regulation sized basketball court. He regarded this as his contribution to the growth of the sport that had given him so much structure and distraction during his teenage years. More than 200 secondary schools benefitted from the program that also provided the structural resources needed throughout the state to accommodate his compulsory physical education policy.[http://archive.org/stream/MinisterialStatementOnNewDirectionsInPhysicalEducation#page/n0/mode/1up Returning to "Healesville High School" in 1981 to officially open such a facility was one of the last highlights of Lacy's Ministerial career. 
Lacy had a central role in the appointment of two departmental permanent heads in the Victorian public service during his Cabinet career. In 1980, he secured cabinet support for the appointment of Paul Clarkson, a former CRA executive, as Director of the Ministry for the Arts after the retirement of Dr Eric Westbrook the founding Director. Then in 1981, with Alan Hunt, he secured the replacement of Dr Laurie Shears as Director General of the newly restructured Education Department of Victoria by Toorak State College Principal Revd Dr Norman Curry.
During 1981, in the lead up to the 1982 election, Lacy worked assiduously on policy development. He developed policies on a number of issues within his portfolios. Almost every week during the spring session of Parliament in that year he delivered a ministerial statement in the Legislative Assembly on one of these policies in an attempt to counter the emerging mood for change in the electorate. With a solid margin, he had no expectation that he would lose his seat, but he was becoming increasingly convinced that the Government could not survive. Three disparate forces combined on election day in April 1982 to end his parliamentary career. Each of them related to a State-wide issue upon which he had publicly adopted a strong position. Smarting from the provision of a promised additional 1,000 teachers to the "Special Assistance Program" rather than to the reduction of student teacher ratios in classrooms, the Victorian Teachers Union vigorously targeted him. Right wing Christian groups and the DLP (with the direction of their preferences against him - the first Liberal to be so treated) targeted him over his "Health and Human Relations Education" program. And the local Chambers of Commerce (made up of main street retailers) targeted him over his support for Sunday trading.
Management Educator (1982-1994).
Norman Lacy was separated from his first wife in January 1982 and was divorced in 1983. Being removed from his young family and then losing his seat in Parliament in April 1982 presented Lacy with the darkest period of his life since the death of his mother in 1956. Living alone in The Avenue, Parkville in the neighbourhood of Ridley College where 20 years earlier he had commenced his theological studies, he wrestled with his loneliness and the loss of his family and career. It represented a personal crisis of identity, significance and purpose for which he had little support.
After parliament, Lacy developed a career in management education and consulting. At this time, he was greatly influenced by his reading on technological change in particular Barry Jones book "Sleepers, Wake!". In September 1982, he joined the Management Consulting Services division of Deloitte, Haskins and Sells, one of the 'big five' chartered accounting firms. Soon afterwards, in April 1983 he bought a home in Camberwell, Victoria and moved in.
In October 1983, with the support of the firm, he took leave to study full-time at "Durham Business School" at Durham University in the north east of the United Kingdom. While at Durham, he was elected by his fellow students to the Board of Studies of the School. He used the position to encourage the School to establish the first information technology course for M.Sc (Management) students. His masters dissertation was on ""the perceptions of information technology professionals, their understanding of managerial decision-making and the role of the decision support system designer"". He graduated as Master of Science (M.Sc.Management) in 1984. After returning to Australia from Durham, Lacy was appointed Manager, Corporate Communications at the new joint venture "IBIS DH&S Australia".
In June 1985, Lacy married his second wife with whom he had a son in 1998.
Soon afterwards, at the invitation of Professor Bill Walker, Lacy was appointed a Member of the Directing Staff (1985–91), and subsequently Director, International Programs (1988–91), at the "Australian Management College", Mount Eliza. During the 1st 3 years of this period, he and his wife lived at 26 Bambra Street, Mount Eliza after which they moved back to their home in Camberwell.
In 1988, the college invited him to attend the internationally renowned "Leadership Development Program" at the "Center for Creative Leadership" at Greensboro, North Carolina, USA to assess the program and to be trained there to deliver it under license in Australia. During the following 3 years he delivered the 6-day program at Mount Eliza on more than 24 occasions to approximately 600 Australian middle and senior level managers.
In 1990, the college appointed him to lead a team of 20 staff as Director of the "China-Australia Management Centre" that was established near Beijing, China.[http://archive.org/stream/YanJiaoChina-australiaManagementCentreBrochure/YanJiaoChina-australiaManagementCentre#page/n0/mode/1up] The establishment of the Centre was an Australian Government aid project in association with the "Australian Management College", "ACIL Australia" and the "China National Non-Ferrous Metals Industry Corporation" (CNNC). During Lacy's tenure, the centre (based at a CNNC university at Yan Jao), where he and his wife lived from 1991 to 1994, trained 1,500 Chinese senior and middle level managers from mines, processing and manufacturing plants throughout China. The centre - whose mission was to train CNNC managers in western management theory and practice - was one of two that had been promised to the Chinese Premier Zhao Ziyang by Australian Prime Minister Bob Hawke on a visit to China in 1983. The other, in the iron and steel industry, was located at Wuhan.
IT Industry Executive (1994-2009).
From 1998-2000 he was Managing Director, of "The Swish Group Limited". The position involved the establishment of the company during 1998, firstly as a consultant, and then from December 1998 as Managing Director. The Swish Group was one of the early "Internet Service Providers" in Australia, focusing on website, touch screen kiosk and CD-ROM design, e-commerce solutions and hosting. His achievements in this position included the formation and integration of the company by the acquisition and merging of three companies, and its Initial Public Offer and successful listing on the ASX. In July 1999 he was invited to represent small business in the ICT industry on the "Australia Israel Chamber of Commerce" IT&T Trade Mission to Israel, led by the Minister for Communications IT and the Arts, Richard Alston.
From 2000 to 2009, Lacy was the founding Executive Director of the "Information Technology Contract & Recruitment Association". This role required the establishment of the Association, the development of its products and services and the ongoing management of its membership and revenue growth. During this period, ITCRA’s membership grew from 6 to more than 150 companies across Australia and New Zealand. Lacy's other achievements in this position included the establishment of a national research project at the invitation of the Department of Communications, IT and the Arts in May 2006. "SkillsMatch ICT Labour Market Analysis"is an on-line consolidated national database that addresses the need for labour market participants to gain an informed understanding of the ICT skills market and future skills demand. With "Tower Life Australia" in April 2001, he established the "[http://www.itcra.com/servicessupporters/itsuper IT Super" superannuation fund. The establishment and growth of "IT2" as the second most successful IT job board, in partnership with SEEK (2002–2005) and with Fairfax Digital (from 2005) was a significant achievement. As was the design, establishment and growth of the "ITCRA Certified Recruitment Professional" program.
Having become an independent contractor in 1991, in early 2000 Norman Lacy joined the Board of "Independent Contractors Australia" He has been President since October 1998. During this period he has worked on ICA's policy development and lobbying campaigns that have focused on:
Lacy has held a number of memberships in a variety of national organisations during that time, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18993390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993390" title="Castleford Academy">
Castleford Academy

Castleford Academy (previously Castleford High School Technology and Sports College, more commonly known as just Castleford High School, Cas High, or CHS) is a high school in Castleford, West Yorkshire, England for children aged 11–16.
History.
It opened in 1906 as Castleford Secondary School, a grammar school for both sexes. It aimed to teach girls with male staff and boys with female staff, which was not common for that time. It joined with a secondary modern school in 1973 to become a comprehensive school. School uniform was abolished at the same time. From 1989, a partnership was developed with Hickson and Welch, a local chemical company and school uniform was re-introduced and the school became a Technology College. From 1995, a new drama theatre was built.
As of September 2007 it officially became known as Castleford High School Technology and Sports College due to success of the rugby, football and netball teams netting them a Sports College classification.
The school's boys and girls rugby league teams have been a dominant force in the Champion Schools competition; in 2009 the school fielded 6 teams in the national finals for the third year in succession.
On 1 April 2011, the school became Castleford Academy, a move that would allow them to set their own curriculum.
Admissions.
It is for ages 11 to 16. It is just off the A656 on "Ferrybridge Road" and just east of the town centre next to Queen's Park.
Academic performance.
The school gets reasonable results at GCSE for West Yorkshire, well above the England average. There is no sixth form college in Castleford, although NEW College is located nearby, and Castleford Academy now offer a Sports A level.
Arson.
The school has suffered from one incident of arson, with a fire on 4 January 2007 started by three teenagers. It was put out by ten fire engines. It completely gutted the sports hall.

</doc>
<doc id="18993396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993396" title="1989 South Asian Games">
1989 South Asian Games

The 1989 South Asian Games(or 4th SAF Games) were held in Islamabad, Pakistan in October 1989.[http://www.tomorrowsrilanka.com/4th_saf_games/index.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="18993404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993404" title="The Fighting Temptations">
The Fighting Temptations

The Fighting Temptations is a 2003 American musical comedy-drama film directed by Jonathan Lynn, written by Elizabeth Hunter and Saladin K. Patterson, and distributed by Paramount Pictures and MTV Films. The main plot revolves around Darrin Hill (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) who travels to his hometown of Monte Carlo, Georgia as he attempts to revive a church choir in order to enter a gospel competition with the help of a beautiful lounge singer, Lilly (Beyoncé Knowles), with whom he falls in love. Darrin and Lilly must work together to bring the church community together, while developing a romantic relationship.
The film is notable for its soundtrack and ensemble cast. The film received mixed reviews upon release.
Plot.
The film begins in the year 1980, where a young boy named Darrin Hill (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) and his mother, MaryAnn (Faith Evans), are run out of town after MaryAnn was soon discovered to be a singing secular music when she sings in a church choir also. Aunt Sally (Ann Nesby) attempt to defend MaryAnn, but it fails. The church's cowardly pastor, Reverend Lewis (Wendell Pierce), is too afraid of the other church members to let her stay. MaryAnn and Darrin are last seen saying goodbye to Aunt Sally, as they sadly wave goodbye with each other. In 2003, Darrin has grown up to become a successful advertising executive in New York City with a bad habit of lying. Darrin's best friend and secretary, Rosa Lopez (Lourdes Benedicto), does a good job at keeping his credit problems under control. However, Darrin has achieved so much under false pretenses and faked his college degree and high school diploma. Darrin also lied about being the son of a congressman, and his lies soon catch up with him and get him in trouble with his paranoid boss (Dakin Matthews) and Darrin loses his job. After being tracked down by a private investigator, Darrin soon finds out that Aunt Sally has died. 
Darrin returns to his hometown of Monte Carlo, Georgia and looks back on both comical and heartbreaking memories of MaryAnn and the experiences they had together. When Darrin arrives, he finds a new friendship in Lucious (Mike Epps), the town's happy-go-lucky cab driver. Lucious is obsessed with women's booties and even proclaims himself a "Booty expert" and "Bootyologist". At Aunt Sally's funeral, Shirley Caesar makes a cameo appearance as a character who was an old friend of Sally and sings at the funeral. After the funeral, Darrin soon learns from the Reverend that Aunt Sally had stated in her will that he must direct the church choir and enter the annual "Gospel Explosion" competition and win the prize money of $10,000 and Aunt Sally's stock in the company that produces the show which is currently worth $150,000. The main problem Darrin must deal with is the church treasurer, Paulina (Latanya Richardson), who is also the Reverend's sister and the same woman who pressured MaryAnn into leaving Monte Carlo. Paulina despises Darrin because of MaryAnn and she also thinks he stole her "dream job" as choir director, as she has waited years for Sally to pass away. Darrin and Lucious later visit a night club, where Darrin eventually reunites with his old childhood friend named Lilly (Beyoncé Knowles), who happens to be the tavern's headliner. Darrin first hears Lilly sing at the club when she performs "Fever", and attempt to flirt with her, but Lilly coldly rejects Darrin by saying she has a jealous "boyfriend" named Dean. After many failed auditions, Darrin finally finds good singers, but most of them want to get paid. He cons them into the choir by saying that he will pay them half of the prize money, but secretly has no intentions of paying anybody. After a stressful effort, Darrin finally convinces Lilly to join the choir, and also bonds with Dean thereafter, who is actually her 9-year-old son she had out of wedlock.
Later on, Paulina reveals that Darrin forgot to enter the choir into the auditions. Luckily, the audition judge, Luther Washington (Faizon Love), who is also the town's prison warden, lets them perform in a show for his prisoners when the booked act fails to arrive. Thanks to Lilly's beautiful looks and voice, the choir performs well and Washington lets them into the competition. Washington also lets Darrin use three convicts who can sing well. The three convicts are Bee-Z Briggs, Lightfoot, and Mr. Johnson (T-Bone, Chris Cole, and Montell Jordan). After weeks of success, the choir has become more popular, more people have joined the church and the choir. Darrin also begins dating Lilly. However, Paulina takes a message for Darrin in a phone call from Rosa and learns of his past troubles, and intends on exposing him the first chance she gets. The next afternoon at a church barbecue, Paulina deliberately reveals Darrin's secrets with a polite demeanor, in order to make herself look innocent. Lilly is furious and heartbroken about this and the people who he promised money to begin to panic, and tells Darrin that she doesn't care what he does, she was only using him because he was using her. 
Since Lilly wants nothing to do with him, Darrin decides to quit and returns to New York, where he has been offered his job back. However, Darrin goes back and gets a new condo and a promotion, and comes to realize that none of these things mean anything without Lilly and the choir. Darrin quits his job and returns to Monte Carlo to reconcile with Lilly. Darrin and Lilly recruits Lucious and the Reverend and all of them rush down to the Gospel Explosion to join the choir for the performance. When Darrin and Lilly arrive, they manage to convince the others to vote Paulina out of the choir, giving Darrin his position as director back. Before their performance begins, Darrin tells Lilly that she inspired him to name the choir "The Fighting Temptations". After an outstanding performance, the choir wins the competition, but before ending his acceptance speech, Darrin proposes to Lilly. Eighteen months later, Darrin and Lilly are married.
Production.
The film crew used several locations throughout Georgia. The final scene was filmed in Columbus, GA at the River Center for Performing Arts. Several of the extras were local residents of Columbus, GA.
Reception.
The music of the film received universal acclaim, most notably, Beyoncé's cover of "Fever".
However, the film itself received generally mixed to negative reviews upon its release. The film was criticized for its allegedly poor dialogue, rehashed premise and romantic chemistry between the film's lead actors (Cuba Gooding Jr. and Beyoncé Knowles) as well as their noticeable age difference. Despite the mixed reviews the film opened at #2. Notably, Ebert & Roeper reviewed the film and Roger Ebert gave it thumbs up, while Richard Roeper gave it thumbs down.
The movie was a moderate success at the box office, with a worldwide gross of US$32,445,215. However, it did not garner enough revenue for a second installment to go into production (though the primary actors had signed on for one).
However, the cast themselves were very pleased with the film, citing its uplifting story and soundtrack. Gooding has confessed in several interviews following the film's release that he enjoyed filming his kissing scenes with Knowles. In a 2011 interview on "The Late Late Show", Gooding made a humorous reference to this by saying: (In the false words of the host) "Didn't he make love with Beyoncé on the set of something?".
Soundtrack.
A soundtrack accompanied the film and was released on September 9, 2003 prior to the film itself. The soundtrack received generally positive reviews and was more successful than the film itself. Only one song from the album, "Summertime", is not included in the movie. The late R&B legend Luther Vandross also recorded a song for the film called "Shine" but it failed to make the final cut of the film as well as the soundtrack. The most obvious reference to this is the fact that Vandross frequently says the title of the film in the song. The song "Come Back Home" appears in the film, but was not included on the soundtrack album. It also noted that several other songs performed during the movie including "Church Is in Mourning (Aunt Sally's Funeral Tribute)" by Shirley Caesar, "Won't Ever Change" by Mary Mary, "Waiting" by Ramiyah, and "Soldier" by The Blind Boys of Alabama, were also not included on the soundtrack.
Home media.
The film was released on VHS and DVD on February 3, 2004. It was later released onto iTunes and PlayStation Store in 2007. That same year, the film was reissued with new cover art. As of 2014, it has yet to be released on Blu-ray Disc.
Planned sequel.
In a 2003 interview with Mickey Jones, (who had a supporting role in the film), for HollywoodJesus.com, he stated that he hoped the film performed well because all of the principal actors had signed on for a sequel. But as of 2014, a decade after the film's release, nothing has been announced about a sequel. More than likely, a sequel may not be made due to the film barely making its budget during its theatrical run and the mixed reviews it received.

</doc>
<doc id="18993407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993407" title="Namkhai Nyingpo">
Namkhai Nyingpo

Namkhai Nyingpo (8th/9th century AD) (Wylie: "gNubs Nam-mkha’i sNying-po") is counted amongst the principal 'twenty-five disciples' (Wylie: "rje 'bang nyer lnga") of Padmasambhava. Namkhai Nyingpo was a realized practitioner of Shantarakshita’s tradition of Sutrayana and 'gradual' Mahayana, as well as simultaneously being one of the most accomplished Tibetan practitioners of the Chinese Ch’an School (East Mountain Teachings), which transmits the Tönmun or 'sudden' tradition of the Mahayana. In addition, Namkhai Nyingpo was also a realized master of the Dzogchen path (Atiyogayana) of 'self-liberation' (Wylie: rang grol), as well as a Master of the Tantric Path (Tantrayana) of transformation (specifically, the three Outer Tantra yana and the Inner Tantra yana bar Dzogchen according to the scheme of the Nyingmapa).
Nomenclature, orthography and etymology.
'Namkhai Nyingpo' (Tibetan; Sanskrit: Akasagarbha) may be rendered in English from the Tibetan as "essence of space", "matrix of the sky", "womb of space".
Biography.
Namkhai Nyingpo was born in Lower Nyal. Namkhai Nyingpo was one of the first indigenous Tibetans to take tantric buddhist ordination. This ordination and empowerment took place at Samye and was conducted by Śāntarakṣita. Namkhai Nyingpo was one of the select five that Trisong Detsen commissioned to undergo pilgrimage to India with the charge of securing sacred texts, principally tantras, at the behest of Padmasambhava. Namkhai Nyingpo was faithful to his quest and fulfilled his charge and faced his fear. The other four were: Drugu Epaksha, Lang Pelgyi Senge, Singharaja and Dre Gyelwai Lodro, all of whom failed to honour their duty, sacred charge or dharma out of fear. Namkhai Nyingpo was an accomplished siddha who wielded the phurba, an esoteric ritual and magical tool for working with energy and principally the manifestation or activity of energy.
Dargyay (1977, 1998: p. 33) discusses the particular generation stage cycle of the 'Eight Pronouncements' (Wylie: "bka'-brgyad") that Namkhai Nyingpo was 'empowered' (Wylie: "dbangs-bskur") to practice by Padmasambhava, and through the 'sadhana' (Wylie: "sgrub-sde") of which he realised siddhi: 
"Nam-mkha'-snying-po" practised the cycle "Yang-dag-thugs-kyi-snying-thig", and as a sign of successful meditation he rode on a beam of the sun.
Works.
Biography of Yeshe Tsogyal.
Namkhai Nyingpo wrote an important biography of Yeshe Tsogyal that has been rendered from the Tibetan into English by Tarthang Tulku.

</doc>
<doc id="18993408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993408" title="Arhopalus">
Arhopalus

Arhopalus is a genus of longhorn beetle.

</doc>
<doc id="18993414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993414" title="Annoyed (film)">
Annoyed (film)

Annoyed (khmer:រ៉ៅឆាន) "Rarv Charn", also "Tomb" and "Exotic" is a Khmer supernatural horror film which was released in mid-2010, based on a true event. It is a full-length feature film produced in Cambodia. The film is not yet rated.
Director Tim Pek's previous films include "The Red Sense" and "Bokator".
Plot.
A mute young girl was selected by a relentless ghost as her messenger in order to find the man who is responsible for her brutal death.
A new supernatural bone chilling film that is rife with suspense and rich in atmosphere.

</doc>
<doc id="18993416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993416" title="League of United Latin American Citizens">
League of United Latin American Citizens

The League of United Latin American Citizens, usually known by the acronym LULAC, was created to combat the discrimination faced by Hispanics in the United States. Established on February 17, 1930 in Corpus Christi, Texas, LULAC was a consolidation of smaller, like-minded civil rights groups already in existence. Since its creation, the organization has grown; it has a national headquarters, active councils in many states, and a professional staff. 
Despite its national visibility, LULAC has lost strength in recent years because of a declining and less-active membership base and decreasing operating funds.
Philosophy.
LULAC follows an assimilation ideology which emerged among cholos groups around the time of the Great Depression. During this time, the population of Mexican descendants in the United States experienced a demographic shift. During and after the Great Depression, a larger share of the Hispanic population was born with American citizenship. The deportation of an estimated 500,000 Mexican nationals and Mexican Americans during the depression caused the proportion of Mexican descendants who could claim U.S. citizenship to increase greatly. Benjamin Marquez asserts, "This demographic shift favored the rise of a more assimilated political leadership". Unlike earlier organizations, such as the mutual-aid associations ("mutualistas") and labor-based groups (which emphasized the importance of cooperation among recent Mexican immigrants, Mexican residents, and Mexican Americans to combat economic, cultural, and political discrimination), LULAC specifically excluded non-American citizens from membership.
While praising its Mexican cultural heritage in its rhetoric, LULAC promoted the full adaptation of its members into the dominant US Anglo-Saxon culture, believing this strategy would be the most successful in combating discrimination. Asserting that it was not the economic or political intuitions that were flawed but discrimination was the result of racism alone, LULAC took an arguably conservative stance. It promoted capitalism and individualism and believed that through hard work and assimilation into American culture, Mexican Americans could improve their socioeconomic standing in American society. That is, by adapting to American institutions, LULAC believed individuals could change negative perceptions Anglo-Saxons held of Mexican Americans and achieve economic success.
As a method of increasing assimilation, LULAC emphasized American patriotism. It asserted that Mexican Americans should disavow any allegiance to Mexico, remain permanently in the United States, and commit fully to the democratic ideals of the US. This patriotism is evident in the structure of the organization. The league's official song is "America"; its official language is English and its official prayer is the "George Washington Prayer". Its constitution is modeled on the United States Constitution.
Because of LULAC’s assimilation ideology, it advocated immigration restriction. LULAC's central means of achieving equal status with Anglo-Saxons was dependent on promoting the image of Mexican residents as conforming to the cultural norms of the United States. Even though the league was ultimately concerned with the status of Mexican American citizens, it recognized the fact that the dominant society did not distinguish between those of Mexican descent. (For example, during the Great Depression, both non-citizens and citizens alike were deported back to Mexico.) New immigrants from Mexico facilitated against this strategy. The new immigrants brought with them stronger ties to their native culture, limited English proficiency, and were willing to work for low wages. Mexican Americans knew that they would be lumped together with the recent immigrants and also seen as "un-American", "backward", "poor" and would be discriminated against. The league also shared the fear of many working-class Americans that the new immigrant, willing to work for low wages and contributing to job competition against Mexican Americans due to their numbers, would economically harm Mexican Americans.
A focus on education was perhaps another byproduct of the assimilation ideology. Benjamin Marquez asserts, "Segregated schools, inferior equipment, and the lack of qualified teachers were seen as the primary obstacles to the full economic and social assimilation of the Mexican American". LULAC believed that the public-school system, with the aforementioned issues corrected, would serve as a central instrument in the assimilation process of children, and thereby the Mexican American community as a whole. Through formal education, Mexican Americans would learn how to function in American institutions, socialize with Anglo-Saxon children, and would be able to qualify for more-skilled jobs.
Comparisons with the NAACP.
With respect to organizational structure, the League of Latin American Citizens was similar to the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). David G. Gutierrez claims, "considering themselves part of a progressive and enlightened leadership elite, LULAC's leaders set out implement general goals and a political strategy that were similar in form and content to those advocated early in the century by W.E.B. DuBois and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People: for an 'educated elite'".
Though the two civil rights groups may have possessed some institutional similarities, LULAC tried to distance itself from the African American struggle against discrimination and racism. LULAC believed that blacks were more oppressed; thus, joining forces with them would not strengthen its own struggle for equality. Probably due to its understanding of the already-existing race relations in American society, LULAC asserted the idea that Hispanics fell into the "white" category of the dichotomous black-white construction of race. In 1936 the league even "engaged in a series of lobbying activities as soon as it discovered that Mexican Americans would be categorized as part of a group of dark-skinned minorities" by the U.S. Bureau of the Census.
Before World War II.
Overall, LULAC was consistently politically involved as it struggled to erase discriminatory laws and practices in the U.S. Southwest. Although it was a nonpartisan group, it encouraged members to vote for candidates who were supportive of the group’s ideals. During the 1930s, LULAC’s activities included voter-registration and petition drives, poll-tax repeal drives and litigation to improve the conditions of Mexican Americans. They also worked to improve education for Mexican Americans by conducting community-education campaigns and setting up a college scholarship program. These activities conformed with institutional structures already existing in the United States. A major event was the 1930 court case of Del Rio v. Salvatierra where LULAC sued Del Rio Independent School District for segregating Mexican Americans due to their race. Although it was not completely favorable in its ruling, the case made an important inroad for desegregation cases to come.
After World War II.
During World War II the membership and activity of the organization decreased significantly, as many of the members joined the armed forces hoping to prove their patriotism (or were drafted). LULAC campaigned against the Emergency Farm Labor Program (also known as the Bracero Program), which began in 1942 to fill the farm-labor shortage which accompanied the US involvement in World War II. Although Mexican workers in this program were under contract with the government to come to the United States to work and then return to Mexico after a set amount of time, LULAC saw the program as paving the way for increased permanent immigration from Mexico. LULAC's opposition to the Bracero Program was consistent with its support for restricted immigration, as described earlier.
When the war ended, LULAC experienced a rebirth in enthusiasm, as returning veterans sought to claim the civil liberties they felt they were owed. The group continued to help the Mexican community with local activities such as Christmas toy drives, sponsoring Boy Scout troops, and campaigns against poll taxes. During the 1950s, LULAC began the Little School of the 400 program, which was a precursor to Head Start. The program was designed to teach Mexican American children 400 English words before they began first grade. The project was initially run by volunteers, and shown after the first class to be successful; out of 60 participating children, only one had to repeat the first grade.
The program expanded, and LULAC convinced the Texas legislature to underwrite it. Between 1960 and 1964 over 92,000 children benefited from the LULAC-initiated, English-centered preschool program. LULAC also sued school districts which practiced segregation. Examples of successful cases include Mendez v. Westminster in 1945 and Minerva Delgado V. Bastrop Independent School District in 1948. As Marquez notes, "Relying strictly on the volunteer labor of LULAC attorneys and their staff, from 1950-1957, approximately fifteen suit or complaints were filed against school districts throughout the Southwest". These victories would help lead the way to the outcome of the 1954 "Brown v. Board of Education" case.
Recent efforts.
Towards the end of the 1950s, members decreased their active support for LULAC. Marquez attributes this largely to the group's conservative ideology, which "prompted many of its members to restrict the number of hours they were willing to contribute after many of the goals they had set for themselves seemed to have been achieved." That is, LULAC consistently emphasized the importance of individual success for the improvement of the Mexican American community's status as a whole. By this time, most of the members were predominantly middle-class and upper-class; as race relations began to improve, members did not derive as much benefit from LULAC.
LULAC also faced competition from other, more radical Mexican American groups. The league found it difficult to meet the needs and desires of an increasingly-diverse Mexican American population. Thus, with only social solidarity as a benefit, "while the league's public profile grew in the mid-1960s and the group was involved in a wide range of political activities, these events occurred with decreasing mass participation, increased leadership innovation and a heavy dose of outside financial support”. The mass media continues to seek out the opinions of LULAC leaders and former leaders such as Arnoldo Torres on current events; these leaders are viewed as experts on Latino affairs because of the organization’s rich history.
Subsidiaries.
The LULAC National Educational Service Centers (LNESC) are part of a non-profit educational advancement organization which helps students with direct-service programs and scholarships.

</doc>
<doc id="18993419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993419" title="Thomas Bleiner">
Thomas Bleiner

Thomas Bleiner (born December 30, 1969), is an Austrian racecar driver, an inventor and a businessman.
He is the inventor of the laser anticrash system “All Weather Light” which avoids car accidents in bad visibility conditions.
In 2004 he has been invited at the Global Road Safety, United Nations in New York, in order to promote safety in the automotive field.
Lately he is caring about renewable energy, especially about photovoltaic applications.

</doc>
<doc id="18993423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993423" title="Marie Delattre">
Marie Delattre

Marie Delattre (born March 4, 1981 in Arras) is a French sprint canoer.
Career.
Delattre has competed since the mid-2000s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, she won a bronze medal in the K-2 500 m event at Beijing in 2008 with Anne-Laure Viard.
Delattre also won two bronze medals in the K-2 500 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships, earning them in 2005 and 2007 also with Viard.

</doc>
<doc id="18993429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993429" title="Dieringhausen Railway Museum">
Dieringhausen Railway Museum

The Dieringhausen Railway Museum ("Eisenbahnmuseum Dieringhausen") is a railway history museum in Dieringhausen in the district of Oberbergischer Kreis in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
It is located on the site of the former Deutsche Bundesbahn locomotive depot at Dieringhausen and is a protected historical monument with of land. After railway operations had ceased on 1 May 1982, a society was founded with the aim of forming and running a museum. That same year the first museum festival was celebrated.
Installations.
The site has a historical locomotive roundhouse with twelve roads and their associated turntable. Even the equipment of the former steam depot can be seen. A cafeteria and bookshop have been established for visitors. 
The museum has a fleet of eleven steam locomotives, eleven diesel locomotives, four electric locomotives and a collection of railway wagons.
In early 2007 the DRB Class 52 tender locomotive, 8095, was sold to the "Vulkan-Eifel-Bahn Betriebsgesellschaft mbH", based at Gerolstein.
A planned sale of the DRB Class 50 goods train steam locomotive, number 3610-8, fell through. So it was hired to the DRWI (see below) until its inspection licence ran out in December 2007.
The Prussian P 8 steam engine "Posen" from the firm of "Länderbahnreisen / Manuel Jußen", Marburg, is also stationed at Dieringhausen.
The DRWI ("Dampfbahn Rur-Wurm-Inde"), formerly based at the museum, left in early 2007 with several wagons and the steam locomotive 52 8148. Its new home is in Mönchengladbach.

</doc>
<doc id="18993447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993447" title="Zsolt Bárányos">
Zsolt Bárányos

Zsolt Bárányos (born 25 December 1975 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Vasas SC.
National team.
Bárányos making his debut on 12 February 2002, in Larnaca against Czech Republic.
"(Statistics correct as of 22 July 2009)"

</doc>
<doc id="18993454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993454" title="Anne-Laure Viard">
Anne-Laure Viard

Anne-Laure Viard (born June 7, 1981) is a French sprint canoer who has competed since the mid-2000s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, she won a bronze medal in the K-2 500 m event at Beijing in 2008.
Viard also won three bronze medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships (K-1 200 m: 2009, K-2 500 m: 2005, 2007).
She is competing with partner Marie Delattre.

</doc>
<doc id="18993460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993460" title="Polichno (disambiguation)">
Polichno (disambiguation)

Polichno is a village and municipality in Slovakia.
Polichno may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18993484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993484" title="SeXXXy Eddy">
SeXXXy Eddy

Eddy Dorozowsky (born April 13, 1978) is a Canadian professional wrestler and former promoter, best known by his ring name SeXXXy Eddy. He has competed several in North American independent promotions including Chikara, Combat Zone Wrestling, IWA Mid-South, Jersey All Pro Wrestling, Northern Championship Wrestling, Pro Wrestling Guerrilla and UWA Hardcore Wrestling, and has toured Europe with and westside Xtreme wrestling.
Eddy is also the co-founder of the International Wrestling Syndicate along with PCP Crazy F’N Manny and Nixon Stratus. As part of his controversial in-ring persona, heavily influenced by "Ravishing" Rick Rude and Shawn Michaels, he has wrestled in a considerable number of mixed and intergender matches with numerous female wrestlers.
Career.
Early life and career.
Born in Montreal, Quebec, Dorozowsky was a wrestling fan growing up and, during interviews, recalls watching his first wrestling match with his father, a steel cage match between the Big Boss Man and then WWF World Heavyweight Champion Hulk Hogan on the May 27, 1989 edition of "Saturday Night's Main Event". He also attended an independent wrestling event several years later which was raising money for the "Telethon Of Stars" charity. His older sister Alexandra, who was in a wheelchair due to spina bifida, was the guest of honor.
Dorozowsky was involved in sports during high school, including rugby, football and three years of amateur wrestling, and later attended Dawson College. While he was there, Dorozowsky and his friend Deniz Celik became radio DJs and, during the spring of 1998, they began a faux ""on-air war"" between each other which had started from private joking and eventually escalated to their agreeing to meet in a fight at the college's annual campus barbecue. The violent "backyard wrestling" match "Clash of the Titans" between Dorozowsky versus S.O.B. D.O.C. took place on several gym mats taped together. The brawl included a filing cabinet, an ironing board, a ladder, and smashing beer bottles on their heads, was taped on video and widely distributed in the local Montreal-area.
One year later, Dorozowsky formed the Dawson Wrestling Federation and held the first indoor Wrestling event at the campus. Having held the Championship belt for 1 year without a title defense made Dorozowsky cocky. Working with the college newspaper "The Plant", stories were written months before leading to and hyping the upcoming show. Local wrestler Max Rendinella aka: "Heavy Maxx Fury" had seen the tape of the first show and offered to train Dorozowsky for their bout. SeXXXy Eddy eventually made his in-ring debut at "Rumble in the PARC" against his trainer in the gymnasium at Dawson College on April 23, 1999. His father Ed Sr. accompanied him as his manager, while his brother Jonathan was the cameraman during the show. The match, much like his previous one, was a hardcore-style match which involved thumbtacks. One of his key hardcore finishing moves, the ""Garbage sault"", was also demonstrated for the first time ever during the match when he performed a moonsault while holding a garbage can over his head. Following this event (despite the tremendous success), due to the excessive blood loss from Eddy, the college prohibited live wrestling events on college property.
World Wrestling Syndicate.
After the match, Rendinella suggested looking into working for the Montreal-based Northern Championship Wrestling. Eddy accepted his offer and began training with NCW's head instructor Marc the Grizzly. In early-1999, Eddy joined with PCP Crazy F’N Manny and Nixon Stratus to form the ""World Wrestling Syndicate"" and held their first show, "Blood, Sweat & Beers '99" at "Wally’s Pub" on June 17, 1999. Eddy and the others chose the local bar as an ideal location for their over-18 wrestling events. The bar owners loved pro wrestling and staged "Sumo fights" once a week between the four large concrete pillars. Due to the ceiling being so low, Manny had an idea. This space could easily be converted into a makeshift wrestling ring by attaching ropes to the pillars and laying down mats taped together. On October 30, after winning a match for a title shot against WWS Heavyweight Champion TNT, SeXXXy Eddy defeated him for the title in the main event later that night for his first official WWS title reign.
The WWS very quickly gained a reputation as one of Quebec's fastest growing independent promotions comparable to Extreme Championship Wrestling and Japanese "garbage wrestling" promotions such as Big Japan Pro Wrestling and Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling. The promotion became known among some Quebec wrestling fans as ""La fed Canadian Tire"" for the foreign objects used in matches. Even with its cult following, the promotion was forced to moved when Wally's closed and the last WWS show "Praise the Violence" was held there in April 2000. Finding new venues with higher ceilings gave the WWS the chance to rent out & perform in a professional wrestling ring, giving the company more credibility among wrestling fans and Quebec wrestlers as well. To reflect the evolution from mats to a ring, WWS became the IWS.
During much of his early career, Eddy wrestled in the Montreal-area for Northern Championship Wrestling, being voted NCW's "Rookie of the Year" in 2000, as well as the International Wrestling Syndicate becoming a mainstay in both promotions. He also spent time in independent promotions in Ontario and Newfoundland.
Internet Wrestling Syndicate.
Soon after leaving "Wally's Pub", the promotion was renamed the "Internet Wrestling Syndicate" (and later the "International Wrestling Syndicate" after Eddy traveled to wrestle in Europe). The name change of "Internet" was more representative of the way the IWS was promoting itself, through several online promos and matches made available to the fans to advance the storylines. Both Eddy and Nic allowed Manny to take over the day-to-day running of the promotion so as to concentrate on their own wrestling careers. After Eleftheriou formed a partnership with Carol Cox's "Wild Rose Productions", a Montreal-based adult entertainment internet company, the promotion began holding events at the Club "Le Medley". At one of these early shows, Eddy was stripped by adult actress Tangerine Dream. Sex, alcohol & hardcore wrestling were what the IWS was all about!
On October 6, 2001, SeXXXy Eddy won the IWS Heavyweight Championship for a second time and held the title for over half a year. On November 21, Eddy appeared at the IWS's second Medley show, "Born to Bleed '01", pinning PCP Crazy F’N Manny in the main event after a leaping frog splash off the balcony. On November 24, at the supercard "Payback’s a Bitch '01", Eddy was scheduled to defend his title against Carl Leduc. Shortly before the match however, Leduc entered the ring and refused to face Eddy criticizing him and the promotion. When he became involved in an altercation with several fans at ringside, Manny came out to give Leduc money for his appearance and had security escort him from the building. As a result of this incident, Leduc's father, Paul Leduc ended his company's relationship with IWS which included renting out their wrestling ring to the IWS. It was time to expand and have their own IWS ring.
In June 2002, Eddy faced former World Wrestling Federation star Brutus "The Barber" Beefcake in the 2nd round of the tournament and suffered a concussion during the match. Although he does not recall the final round, he won the "Tournament of the Icons III" in Deux-Montagnes. Suffering the serious shoulder injury, in which nearly all the ligaments in his right shoulder were torn, he was out of action for nearly a year. In one of his earliest matches back, he lost to Fred la Merveille at "Bar Unison" in Montreal on January 18, 2004.
Combat Zone Wrestling.
In May 2003, still nursing his shoulder injury, Eddy was called by Combat Zone Wrestling promoter John Zandig (after Heavy Maxx Fury had passed on a demo tape of Eddy while he was down for CZW's "Best of the Best 2")and offered him a spot at "CZW Tournament of Death II", however he declined Zandig's offer so he could take another year off to train and allow more time to heal his injury. He did, however, accept Zandig's offer to enter the "CZW Tournament of Death III" in Smyrna, Delaware on July 24, 2004. Initially introduced performing a lap dance on John Zandig’s wife, he later went on to defeat Ian Knoxx in a "Thumbtack & Carpet Strip" match in the opening rounds. In the semi-finals against Arsenal, Eddy defeated him in a Light Tubes match as well. He cut an artery in his left forearm during the match, however, and it was announced that he would have to forfeit the Final 3-way with Necro Butcher & Wifebeater, and go to the local hospital for stitches. Eddy had nineteen stitches all over his body, and his arm had to be sutured and burnt shut to stop the bleeding.
Inviting him back for CZW's "High Stakes" on September 11, SeXXXy Eddy defeated Kevin Steen, El Generico and eXeSs in a four-way match. Afterwards, he was given a standing ovation by the crowd chanting ""please come back"". Making appearances at CZW supercards "High Stakes 2", "Cage of Death VI" and "Gen Z", he also made an appearance for Jersey All Pro Wrestling, losing to Kevin Steen on December 10. The following night, Eddy joined Team Ca$h (Chris Ca$h, JC Bailey and Nate Webb) defeating Team Blackout (Ruckus, Sabian, Eddie Kingston and Jack Evans) to win the CZW World Tag Team titles in a War Games-style Cage of Death match on December 11. During the match, Eddy performed his signature "Garbage sault" off the top of the steel cage!
International Wrestling Syndicate.
Returning to Montreal at the end of that week, he defeated Damian on December 18, 2004. On June 12, Eddy appeared in the main event of the IWS 5th anniversary show "V" teaming with the Green Phantom in a death match against Arsenal and Evil Ninja. PCP Crazy F'N Manny was the special guest referee. The match saw the use of light tubes, glass and fire before the Green Phantom put Evil Ninja through a burning pane of glass. The event also featured Pierre Ouellet and Sid Vicious, returning from a near three-year absence from wrestling, who together won the 10-team tag rumble. Appearing as Touché, the official mascot for the Montreal Alouettes, Eddy pinned Eric Mastrocola, the "handler" of Kamala, during the half-time show at an Alouettes football game attended by over 20,200 fans on July 15. The match-up saw Kamala being pinned by Jacques Rougeau.
On September 25, Eddy appeared in the co-main event at "Freedom to Fight" against eXeSs and IWS Heavyweight Champion "Mr.Wrestling" Kevin Steen in a triple threat match. Earlier, he had been slapped by Steen in a pre-match interview. The show opened with the video of his CZW match against El Generico, Kevin Steen & eXeSs in the 4-way match, which he had won. On October 30, Eddy made his first appearance for Jersey All Pro Wrestling losing to El Generico in a four-way match with eXeSs and Beef Wellington.
The following month, Eddy went on a 3-day tour of Europe appearing with westside Xtreme wrestling in Essen, Germany facing Steve Douglas at "Fan Appreciation Night" on November 19 and, the next night at "Fight Club '04", Thumbtack Jack in a TLC match. On November 21, SeXXXy Eddy was a last minute replacement for Nick Mondo when he participated in an event for losing to Paul Travell in a three-way match with Flaming Red in Kent, England on November 21.
IWS, CZW and the independent circuit.
On January 8, 2005, SeXXXy Eddy and Chris Ca$h successfully defended their CZW tag titles against Super Dragon and Excalibur. At the "New Year's Madness" supercard on January 22, he defeated Beef Wellington, Damian, Kid Kamikaze, Mr. X-TreeM and Hell Storm in a six-way match. In another 4-way match, he lost to Mike Quackenbush in a match for the CZW World Junior Heavyweight Championship with Arsenal and TNA's Alex Shelley on February 5. He also defeated Arsenal and Eddie Kingston in house shows the next two months. He managed to return to IWS for the supercard "Un F'N Sanctioned" losing to eXeSs on March 26, considered one of his best matches in his career; and IWS Heavyweight Champion Franky the Mobster on April 23. Losing to Kevin Steen at a show for Pro Wrestling Guerrilla on May 13, the following night in CZW he and "Spyder" Nate Webb defeated Blackout (Ruckus and Eddie Kingston). He also lost to B-Boy at a JAPW show in Braintree, Massachusetts on May 21.
On May 28, Eddy defeated Don Paysan (with valet D-Vyn) at an IWS event. Paysan had previously interfered in his earlier match with Franky the Mobster costing him the match against the IWS Heavyweight Champion. On June 4, he lost to EWR Heavyweight Champion eXeSs in a three-way match with Eric Cooper at a Rahway, New Jersey show for JAPW. Due to outside interference from Eddie Kingston, he also lost to CZW World Heavyweight Champion Ruckus in a cage match on June 11.
On July 2, Eddy won a 4-way over B-Boy, Alex Price and Cody 45 at the "Mid-Summer Madness" supercard. A week later in Philadelphia for the IWS debut in the United States, he defeated Franky the Mobster, Arsenal and Evil Ninja in a steel cage main-event match to capture the IWS Heavyweight title for the unprecedented 3rd time! That same day for CZW's night show in the same arena, Eddy lost to Blackout (Ruckus, Sabian and Eddie Kingston) in a 6-man tag team match with "Spyder" Nate Webb and B-Boy. Defending the IWS Heavyweight Championship at a UWA Hardcore Wrestling show, he defeated Chris Bishop on July 22. He also beat Franky the Mobster, the Green Phantom and Kurt Lauderdale in a 4-way hardcore match the next night.
Eddy once again entered the 2005 "CZW Tournament of Death IV" and lost to JC Bailey in the opening round. In one of the more infamous moments of the tournament, Bailey poured thumbtacks down Eddy's trunks and then kicked him in the crotch during their match. In an interpromotional show between CZW and the Maven Bentley Association, Eddy defending his IWS title against Sabian defeating him on August 6. He would lose the title to eXeSs at an IWS show in a ladder match almost two weeks later.
On August 26, Eddy lost to Beef Wellington in a four-way match with El Generico and Kevin Steen at another show for UWA Hardcore Wrestling. Eddy also lost his 2 front teeth, smashing his face against the ring post that night. Two months later, he lost to eXeSs in a First Blood match on October 29. He also lost to CZW World Junior Heavyweight Champion Derek Frazier in a 3-way match with JC Bailey on November 12. However, he defeated Beef Wellington at a UWA Hardcore Wrestling show on November 25. At an IWS show on December 3, Eddy lost to the Green Phantom in a 3-way Christmas Tree Death match with Tomassino and, on December 10 at CZW's annual "Cage of Death" show, he and "Spyder" Nate Webb lost to Adam Flash and TNA's Sonjay Dutt.
Losing to Asylum at a UWA Hardcore Wrestling show on January 13, 2006; and then to "Sweet & Sour" Larry Sweeney and the H8 Club on February 11. Entering the Chikara "2006 World Grand Prix Tag Tournament", SeXXXy Eddy and "Mr.Wrestling" Kevin Steen lost to Arik Cannon and Jigsaw in the opening rounds on February 26. On March 11, Eddy teamed with XPW's Messiah & "Spyder" Nate Webb in a 6-man tag team match. Due to miscommunication, lost to Sonjay Dutt, B-Boy and Adam Flash. He also lost to Asylum in a Falls Count Anywhere Street Fight for UWA Hardcore Wrestling later that month. At an event for CWA Montreal, he and Necro Butcher lost to The Alliance of Violence ("Strongman" Gino Martino and Pierre "The Beast" Vachon) in an American Hardcore Frenzy match (a barbwire fish was used in the match!) on April 8.
In early-2006, SeXXXy Eddy and main-squeeze LuFisto would form a regular tag team, the "Missionaries of Violence", and partner with each other throughout the year competing in mixed tag team matches. On April 22, Eddy and LuFisto defeated Jagger W. Bush & Shayne Hawke; and on June 3, they defeated "SLI-USA" (Jagger W. Bush, Shayne Hawke and Fred la Merveille), The Rock and Cock Express (Twiggy and Pornstar Juan) and The Soprano Family (Tomassino and "Paranoid" Jake Matthews) in a 4-way tag team match. On June 10, "MOV" made their debut in CZW losing to Adam Flash and Pandora. On July 8, Eddy defeated Niles Young at "A Prelude to Violence" to win the CZW Junior Heavyweight title and defend it against Jeremy Prophet on a CWA Montreal card on July 22. On August 13 at the Montreal Vans Warped Tour, Eddy defeated Beef Wellington and Kid Kamikaze in a 3-way Hardcore match for Inter Species Wrestling; and on that same card, lost to IWS Canadian Heavyweight Champion Player Uno in a five-way match with Jagged, Jimmy Stone and Don Paysan. Losing to Kevin Steen & Jeremy Prophet in a tag team match with Stevie McFly on August 19, he and LuFisto also lost to IWS Tag Team Champions The Hardcore Ninjaz on August 26. They had been having sex all afternoon!
At the CZW's "Chris Ca$h Memorial" on September 9, Eddy lost the CZW World Junior Heavyweight title to Sonjay Dutt. On September 30, Eddy and LuFisto lost to Lionel Knight & Christopher Bishop at an IWS show. On October 14, Eddy lost to CZW World Junior Heavyweight Champion Jigsaw in a 3-way match with Luke. On October 28, he and Beef Wellington lost to the Christopher Street Connection for JAPW's 10 Year Anniversary show and; the next night, lost to Mad Man Pondo in Stranglehold Wrestling's "King of the Death Match Tournament". SeXXXy Eddy also made a 2-day appearance for IWA Mid-South entering as the only male wrestler in the first annual "Queen of the Death Match Tournament" on November 3. Brought in as a last minute replacement, he defeated "Pryme Tyme" Amy Lee in a Four Corners of Pain Death match in the opening rounds before being eliminated by Mayumi Ozaki in a 2-out-of-3 Log Cabins of Glass Death match in the semi-finals. He and Jagged beat out Chuck Taylor and Mitch Ryder in a tag team match the next night.
On November 10, SeXXXy Eddy and Beef Wellington lost to "Up in Smoke" (Cheech and Cloudy) at an MXW show in Albany, New York for promoter and former ECW announcer Joel Gertner. The following night in CZW, Eddy defeated Gran Akuma, Niles Young and "Canadian Dynamite" Max Boyer in a 4-way match. Later that month, he lost to Larry Sweeney at a November 23 UWA Hardcore Wrestling show in Mississauga and, two days later, wrestled two matches in one night losing to "Canadian Crazyhorse" Michael Elgin and Jay Fenix in a tag team match with Bruno Davis at a Rough Wrestling International show; and defeating Timothy Dalton for New School Wrestling in Hamilton, Ontario. On December 2, Eddy lost to "Paranoid" Jake Matthews at an IWS show and, on December 9, lost to Hallowicked in a match to determine the number one contender to the CZW World Junior Heavyweight title.
Return to Montreal.
On January 20, 2007, SeXXXy Eddy lost a match against IWS Canadian Champion Don Paysan. The following month, he lost to former WWE Superstar, Pierre Carl Ouellet on February 17. In March, he made appearances for Inter Species Wrestling defeating Kenny the Bastard and King Sphinx in a three-way match on March 3; a week later, defeated Jake O'Reilly for Canadian Wrestling Revolution in Maple, Ontario.
That same month, Eddy and the Green Phantom formed "Scarred and SeXXXy" later winning the IWSTag Team titles from The Hardcore Ninjaz in a Montreal Death match on March 24. During the next month, he appeared in New York's NWA Upstate and Oshawa, Ontario's Motor City Wrestling before losing the titles back to The Hardcore Ninjaz in a 3-way match with "The Super Smash Brothers" (Player Uno and Stupefied) on April 28. They failed to regain the titles in a rematch which included "Hi-5" (Beef Wellington and Kid Kamikaze) on May 26 and again in a No Ropes Barbed Wire match on June 16 and broke up shortly after.
SeXXXy Eddy also made appearances in IWA Texas/Anarchy Championship Wrestling working "One Man" Mike Dell; and in New School Wrestling lost to NSW Brass Knuckles Champion Timothy Dalton on June 30. In early-July, he defeated Jeremy Prophet and Green Phantom in separate matches for Motor City Wrestling. He also fought to a no-contest against "Go Time" Chris Laplante at an NWF show in Sunridge, Ontario. Later that night, he lost a 6-man tag team match with Jeremy Prophet and Inferno to Laplante, Hickster and Kryss Thorn.
Back in the IWS, Eddy lost to Kid Kamikaze on August 18 after being distracted by his former tag team partner The Green Phantom. He met the Green Phantom in a match the following month, however outside interference by local sports radio hosts cost him the match. On October 12, he entered the ALF's "Amazones et Titans" mixed tag team tournament with Vanessa Kraven, however they fought to a time limit draw with eXeSs and Kacey Diamond in the opening rounds. Up to his usual antics, Eddy kissed a female fan at ringside during the match.
On October 27, SeXXXy Eddy faced Kwan Chang in the main event of CGPW's "Halloween Horror" and lost to him after Chang used his kendo stick as a foreign object to make the pin. At RWI's "Wrestleroast" the next night, Eddy defeated Jeremy Prophet in Welland, Ontario. He later teamed with Quinson Valentino to defeat Jeremy Prophet and Kryss Thorn later on that night. On November 2, Eddy defeated "The Prince of Persia" Rahim Ali in Cornwall; and later that night, lost to Jeremy Prophet in a match for the CWA Internet-TV Championship. After the match, Eddy kissed Prophet's valet Persephony. At a show for the IWS the next night, Eddy reunited with his tag team partner LuFisto but lost to Shayne Hawke & eXeSs. Several days later at an event for Capital City Championship Combat, Eddy challenged eXeSs to a special "SeXXXy Eddy Challenge" match and lost to his rival. On November 16, Eddy defeated Brick Crawford in a match for the SWR International Championship at an SWR/NGE show in Châteauguay, Quebec. After winning the title, Eddy was attacked from behind by Jeremy Prophet who beat him for the title that night in a mere minute! On November 24, Eddy defeated Matt Bash at MWF's "En Route Vers Extreme Hatred" in Valleyfield, Quebec.
On December 1, SeXXXy Eddy and Scotty Vortekz defeated Ultramantis Black in a triple threat match to advance to the finals of the Deathmatch Tournament at 2007 IWA Deep South Carnage Cup in Pulaski, Tennessee. He lost to Freakshow in the 4-way elimination match with Scotty Vortekz and Danny Havoc. That same night, although Eddy was absent from the IWS, his valet Hottie Holly distracted LuFisto in a death match against PCP Crazy F'N Manny in order for 2.0 (Jagged and Shane Matthews) to attack her from behind. On December 5, Eddy lost to NWF Heavyweight Champion Kryss Thorn; and the following night, he defeated Razz Mansour in a match for Great Canadian Wrestling in Oshawa, Ontario. Two days later at CZW's "Cage Of Death IX", he interfered in LuFisto's match against CZW World Junior Heavyweight Champion Sabian after hitting her with a steel chair. After the match however, Sabian attacked Eddy and hugged LuFisto out of a sign of respect. Later on, Eddy lost to Whacks and Viking in a three-way Barbed Wire Tables match, after the favor was returned by an irrate LuFisto. At MWF's "Extreme Hatred", Eddy lost to Alex Price (with Rickster Oz McGoth) in Valleyfield, Quebec on December 15, 2007.
Recent years.
Two days later at IWS "Praise The Violence", SeXXXy Eddy faced his former tag team partner LuFisto in Montreal. He was accompanied by valet Hottie Hollie. He faced LuFisto again at CZW's "9 F'N Years!" supercard losing to her in an Ultraviolent Domestic Dispute match in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. A week later at IWS "Violent Valentine", he and "Paranoid" Jake Matthews (with valet Lollipop) defeated Green Phantom and Kid Kamikaze. On February 23, he and Karnage (with Andy Rossetti) lost to "Aftershock" (Damian and Drake Styles) in a match for the NWA Canadian Tag Team Championship at "CWA: The Return". The next night at ISW's "Love Hurts", Eddy lost to "Steve", a hot woman with a 3rd leg!
On March 1, Eddy appeared at IWA-Mid South's 500th Anniversary Show in Joliet, Illinois and participated in an 8-man TLC Open Contract match which involved: Ash, Ruckus, Mickie Knuckles, Devon Moore, Brandon Thomaselli, Jaysin Strife and "Diehard" Dustin Lee. Despite losing the match, Eddy won a moral victory when he kissed Mickie Knuckles. On March 14, Eddy and Anna Minoushka lost to Nikky Perrier and Mary Lee Rose at ALF's "Force Excessive". Because he was too busy doing what he does best in a backstage full of girls, Eddy wrestled with one boot on and later kissed and spanked Mary Lee Rose.
On March 22, Eddy lost to RCW's Heavyweight Champion Kaimana (with Ativalu) in the main event at RCW "Night Of Glory" in Saint-Sulpice, Quebec. On April 4, Eddy appeared in Paul Leduc's promotion and, in the main-event, lost to FLQ's Heavyweight Champion Spike in a four-way match with Tank and Carl Leduc in Montreal, Quebec. His valet for the night, Rachelle, was in his corner during the match. Later that week at IWA-Mid South's "A Bloody Road Ahead", Eddy defeated Hydra in Indianapolis, Indiana. The next night at IWA-Mid South's "April Bloodshowers", Eddy lost to Ash in a four-way match with Brian Skyline and Christin Able in Joliet, Illinois. On April 27, Eddy beat Jagged at C*4's "Domination" in Ottawa, Ontario.
On May 9, SeXXXy Eddy and Anna Minoushka lost to Beef Wellington and Charlotte Lamothe at an ALF show in Montreal. Following the match, Eddy proposed to Anna with an engagement ring. On May 24, Eddy lost to eXeSs at "Freedom To Fight". He also made two more appearances in FLQ teaming with Velvet Jones to defeat Surfer and Moonlight on June 7; and with Sweet Cherry to defeat X-Ode and Josianne the Pussycat on June 13. The next night at C*4's "Crossing The Line", Eddy and Xtremo defeated The Flatliners (Asylum and Matt Burns) in Ottawa. On July 19, he lost to Kevin Steen and 2.0 (Jagged and Shane Matthews) in a 6-man tag team match with Beef Wellington & Evil Ninja in the main event at IWS "Summer Slaughter". The following night, he appeared at the FCL's "Festi-Beach" spot show to defeat Aaron Von Shwartz in Lac-à-la-Tortue, Quebec. In early-2008, Eddy appeared on the YTV series "Prank Patrol", a children's series similar to MTV's "Punk'd", in which he helped train an 11 year old boy for a 2 minute wrestling match against him as a practical joke on his older cousin.
At IWS "Freedom to Fight", Eddy submitted to eXeSs after being put in a side triangle choke. During the match, eXeSs forearmed Eddy so hard in the face, causing him to bleed profusely and be sent to the emergency room of a local hospital. Although the crowd had begun cheering for him during the last moments of the match, Eddy yelled at the fans for ""only getting excited at the sight of his blood"". On July 19, he and Beef Wellington faced 2.0 (Jagged and Shane Matthews) at IWS "Summer Slaughter" at Bogey's World Bar & Billiard in Montreal.
On June 6, 2010, Eddy defeated Val Venis in a match for CRW Wrestling. On November 6, 2010, SeXXXy Eddy won the CWA King of the Ring 2010 tournament, last eliminating "The Rage" Randy Berry.
On December 19, 2010, Eddy defeated Thomas "The Pipes" Dubois to become the CRW Quebec Champion after winning the Talisman Championship Contract by defeating Dru Onyx.
On March 19, 2010, Eddy lost the CRW Quebec Championship to Mathieu St-Jacques.
In May 2011, Eddy, alongside Jeremy Prophet, lost the TOW Tag Team Championships to Dru Onyx and Quebec legend Paul Leduc's son, Carl Leduc.
On May 19, 2012, SeXXXy Eddy won the NEXT LEVEL PRO WRESTLING tournament to be crowned the first NEXT LEVEL Heavyweight Champion.
Championships and accomplishments.
1Eddy defended the title with either Webb, Ca$h or Bailey under the Freebird Rule.

</doc>
<doc id="18993495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993495" title="Sayed Zahid Hussain">
Sayed Zahid Hussain

Mr Justice Sayed Zahid Hussain is a judge of Supreme Court of Pakistan and a former Chief Justice of Lahore High Court.
Life.
Sayed Zahid Hussain was born on 15 December 1949 in village Chak Qazian of district Narowal. He acquired primary education from the village school and matriculation from G.D. Islamia High School Meingri. He obtained his LL.B degree from Punjab University.
Professional career.
Syed Zahid Hussain enrolled as an advocate on 22 September 1972. He enrolled as advocate of High court of Lahore on 22 May 1975 and as advocate of Supreme Court of Pakistan on 21 June 1986. He also enrolled as advocate of Supreme court of Azad Jammu & Kashmir on 11 October 1997. 
He is a Life Member of Lahore Bar Association, Lahore High Court Bar Association and Pakistan Supreme Court Bar Association.
Syed Zahid Hussain mostly practised on constitutional, and civil sides of law. He also had been a visiting lecturer for some time in the Punjab Law College and City Law College. Mr. Hussain was legal advisor for various organisations, including Associated Press of Pakistan (APP). He was a member of Zafar Law Associates, a Law Firm established by Mr. S.M.Zafar, a former Law Minister. He also contributed in the preparation of celebrated book titled “Understanding Statutes”, The Cannons of construction (1997). 
He had also been remained a company judge at the LHC, member committee for revision of High Court, member election tribunal, member LHC administration committee, chairman enrolment committee of the Punjab Bar Council and member of the Committee for Recruitment of additional District and Sessions Judges.
Justice Syed Zahid Hussain was appointed as judge of the Lahore High Court on 21 May 1998 and was confirmed on 19 May 1999.
Justice Syed Zahid Hussain was made Chief Justice of the Lahore High Court on retirement of Justice Iftikhar Hussain Chaudhry, who retired on 31 December 2007. Justice Zahid was the 37th chief justice of LHC since its inception in 1866.
He was elevated to Supreme Court of Pakistan on 12 April 2009 and took oath on 13 April 2009
Controversies.
PCO Oath 1999.
Justice Syed Zahid Hussain took oath on Provisional Constitutional Order 1999 as a sitting judge of Lahore High Court.
PCO oath 2007.
On 3 November 2007 Chief of Army Staff in Pakistan declared emergency and issued a Provisional Constitutional Order. A seven member panel of Supreme Court of Pakistan, headed by Chief Justice Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammad Chaudhry and consisting of Justice Rana Bhagwandas, Justice Javed Iqbal, Justice Mian Shakirullah Jan, Justice Nasir-ul-Mulk, Justice Raja Muhammad Fayyaz Ahmad, and Justice Ghulam Rabbani, issued an order that declared the declaration of emergency as illegal and prohibited all judges to take oath on any PCO. 
Justice Syed Zahid Hussain took oath on Provisional Constitutional Order 2007 as a sitting judge of Lahore High Court. He was among 13 out of 31 sitting judges of Lahore High Court who took oath on PCO. Along with him Nasim Sikandar, Mohammad Khalid Alvi, Sakhi Hussain Bokhari, Muhammad Bilal Khan, Mohammad Muzammal Khan, Syed Shabbar Raza Rizvi, Hamid Ali Shah, Tariq Shamim, Syed Asghar Haider, Hasnat Ahmad Khan and Justice Fazl-e-Miran Chohan as well as then Chief Justice of Lahore High Court Iftikhar Hussain Chaudhry took oath on PCO 2007. As on 19 April 2009, the PCO has not been given protection by any constitutional amendment. In the past all PCO were at a later point given constitutional protection.

</doc>
<doc id="18993498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993498" title="Likëngë">
Likëngë

Likëngë are pork sausages flavored with salt, pepper and seed of Fennel (farë mbrai), made in Piana degli Albanesi and Santa Cristina Gela. "Likëngë" is the Undefinite Singular, "Likënga" is the Definite Singular and is cognate with the Italian Luganega and the Greek Loukaniko.
External references.
http://www.ciaoamerica.org/AlbaneseConnection.html

</doc>
<doc id="18993516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993516" title="Adelsdorf">
Adelsdorf

Adelsdorf may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18993527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993527" title="Irina Borogan">
Irina Borogan

Irina Borogan (, born 9 September 1974 in Moscow, Russia) is a Russian investigative journalist. 
Journalism.
Irina Borogan started her journalistic career in 1996 as correspondent of Segodnya newspaper. For Segodnya she covered 1999 NATO bombing of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Taiwan earthquake, situation in refugees camps in Ingushetia before the Second Chechen War.
In September 2000, then in Izvestia, Irina Borogan covered law enforcement agencies and criminal activity. With Andrei Soldatov she was cofounder of the project Agentura.Ru. Since then Andrei Soldatov is editor and she is deputy editor of Agentura.Ru. 
In June 2008 The Moscow Times has written in article "Journalist Enjoying A Security Monopoly" "In 2000, Soldatov and his partner working on the site, journalist Irina Borogan, decided to try to fill the gap in public knowledge about terrorism and those who fight it by setting up Agentura.ru to collect and present all the information about Russian security forces that was publicly available in a systematic manner. 
2002-2004 - correspondent of Versiya (weekly newspaper). Covered Moscow theater hostage crisis. In 2004 she joined weekly Moscow News, covered Beslan siege for Moscow News. From January 2006 until November 2008 she worked for Novaya Gazeta. 
Borogan covered for Novaya Gazeta 2006 Lebanon War from Lebanon and tensions in West Bank and Gaza Strip (Palestine). She regularly gives comments on terrorism for the Moscow Times and since 2010 she writes for Foreign Policy and Foreign Affairs.
Pressure of the FSB.
In November 2002 Irina Borogan was interrogated twice by FSB officers because of forthcoming article on the storming of the Moscow theatre and freeing of the hostages there on 26 October. 
Publishing.
In December 2005, Irina Borogan published with Andrei Soldatov the book "New patriot games. How secret services have been changing their skin 1991-2004". In September 2010 Andrei Soldatov and Irina Borogan's book "" .
In August 2011 The Russian version of the book sat on seventh place on the best seller list of Knizhnoe Obozrenie. In early September it was the second place on the best seller list. On September 20 the authors were informed by Elena Evgrafova, a chief editor of the Alpina Business Books/United Press, that on September 14, the General Director of the Chekhov Poligraphic Complex, German Kravchenko, received a letter from the Moscow department of the FSB in which the Head of the 2nd Directorate of the 6th Inter-regional Section A.I.Sergeev requests information as to the identities of those individuals who placed the order for the publication of the book The New Nobility.
In October 2011 The French version of the New Nobility came out, published by François Bourin éditeur. In December 2011 The Estonian edition was published by the Tanapaev Publisher. In January 2012 the book came out in Chinese (Publisher CITIC).
Russia's Surveillance State Project.
In October 2012 Agentura.Ru, Privacy International and Citizen Lab launched the joint project entitled 'Russia’s Surveillance State' with Andrei Soldatov as a head of the project and Irina Borogan as a deputy head. The aims of the project were to undertake research and investigation into surveillance practices in Russia, including the trade in and use of surveillance technologies, and to publicise research and investigative findings to improve national and international awareness of surveillance and secrecy practices in Russia. 
On October 6, 2013 The Guardian reported the research made by Andrei Soldatov and Irina Borogan over surveillance measures introduced by the Russian authorities at the 2014 Winter Olympics, including extensive electronic eavesdropping and surveillance. The investigation was conducted in collaboration with Citizen Lab and Privacy International.
The publication of the research prompted three European parliamentarians to raise concerns about surveillance at the 2014 Winter Olympics. Sophie in 't Veld, a Dutch member of the European parliament, and two other MEPs have tabled written questions in attempt to open a debate over Russian snooping. .

</doc>
<doc id="18993568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993568" title="Expo 2020">
Expo 2020

Expo 2020, is a Universal scale Registered Exposition time slot sanctioned by the Bureau of International Expositions (BIE), Paris on 27 November 2013. Dubai in the United Arab Emirates won the right to hold Expo 2020.
Parameters.
As a Registered Exposition it may be a maximum of six months in length and adhere to a wide universal theme that applies to all humanity. Past themes of Universal Expositions include "Man and His World" Montreal Expo 67, and "Discovery" Seville Expo 92.
Bids and bidding.
Once one city had lodged a bid with the BIE other cities had six months to respond. The earliest allowed time to lodge a bid was 2011, and the latest 2014. With an early 2011 bids to the BIE, Izmir of Turkey and Ayutthaya of Thailand initiated the six-month window for other cities to bid. This window closed on 2 November 2011, at which point 5 cities had lodged their bids with the BIE, with Dubai making a last minute entry. The BIE voted on the winning host city on 27 November 2013.
Five cities originally bid for the slot for a world's fair in 2020, with four remaining: Dubai, UAE; Ekaterinburg, Russia; Izmir, Turkey; or São Paulo, Brazil. Expo 2020 will represent a first as a Middle Eastern destination will be hosting the event for the first time.
The following cities lodged bids to the BIE for hosting the 2020 EXPO:
Dubai.
UAE selected the theme “Connecting Minds, Creating the Future”.
"In today’s highly interconnected world, a renewed vision of progress and development based on shared purpose and commitment is key. While a single human mind, an individual country, or a specific community is both unique and remarkable, it is by working collaboratively that we truly advance." Dubai Ruler Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum said in support of the bid.
The World Expo in Dubai in 2020 will be the first to be held in the MENA & SA (Middle East and North Africa & South Asia) region.
On 27 November 2013, when Dubai won the right to host the expo 2020, fireworks erupted at the world's tallest building, Burj Khalifa. A national holiday was declared the following day for all educational institutions across the country. The Dubai Ruler promised Dubai would "astonish the world," in 2020. The staging of the world fair and the preparations leading are up to it are expected to result in 277,000 new jobs in the UAE, an injection of nearly $40 billion into the economy, and an increase in visitors of at least 25 million and up to 100 million.
The world's tallest commercial tower to be built in Dubai, in Jumeirah Lake Towers, was given the name "Burj 2020" in honour of the World Expo 2020.
There are reports which have analysed the recent economic downturn and predict that World Expo 2020 held in Dubai, will lead to a property bubble, which might have far reaching consequences. Additionally, there is a Facebook page, which aims to highlight the prevailing sub-standard Human Rights conditions as well as the general attitudes towards foreign workers.
Yekaterinburg.
The Russian bid "The Global Mind" would have run from May 1 to October 31, and would have been the second largest expo (after 2010 in Shanghai) and intended to "survey world opinion through seven universal questions"
İzmir.
The Turkish bid had a theme of "New Routes to a Better World / Health for All" and would have run from April 30 to October 31. A "Health for All" symnposium was held in October 2013 for BIE delegates and was to discuss health issues across the world.
São Paulo.
A Brazilian expo would have been called "Power of Diversity, Harmony for Growth", run from May 15 to November 15 and would have covered 502 hectares. If it had won it would have be the first Latin American country to host an expo.
São Paulo was eliminated from contention after the first round of votes. Izmir was knocked out in the second. Yekaterinburg lost to Dubai in the third and final round of voting.

</doc>
<doc id="18993572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993572" title="Annamanada Mahadeva Temple">
Annamanada Mahadeva Temple

Annamanada Mahadeva Temple is a Hindu located at Annamanada in Thrissur District, Kerala. The presiding deity of the temple is Lord Shiva. The shivling is almost four feet tall and is considered as the Kiratamoorthy in a pleasing mood while giving Pashupatastra to Arjuna.The temple is being administered by the Cochin Devaswom Board.

</doc>
<doc id="18993575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993575" title="Kino (gum)">
Kino (gum)

Kino is the name of the plant gum produced by various plants and trees, particularly "Eucalyptus", in reaction to mechanical damage, and which can be tapped by incisions made in the trunk or stalk. Its red colour, together with the tendency of some species to ooze large amounts of it from wounds, is the source of the common names "red gum" and "bloodwood". The word “kino” is of West African origin.
Composition.
Astringent tannin compounds are a major active component of kinos. The chief constituent of kino is kinotannic acid, of which it contains 70 to 80 per cent. It also contains kino red, a phlobaphene produced from kinotannic acid by oxidation. Kino also yields kinoin, a crystalline neutral principle.
In cold water it is only partially dissolved, leaving a pale flocculent residue which is soluble in boiling water but deposited again upon cooling. It is soluble in alcohol and caustic alkalis, but not in ether.
When exuding from the tree, it resembles red-currant jelly, but hardens in a few hours after exposure to the air and sun. Kinos typically dry to an amber-like material. It consists of dark red angular fragments, rarely larger than a pea.
Of the small angular glistening fragments, the smaller are reddish, and the larger are almost black; thin pieces are ruby red. It is brittle and easily powdered. It has no smell, but a very astringent taste.
Applications and Sources.
Kinos are used in medicine, tanning, and as dyes. Kino was introduced to European medicine in 1757 by John Fothergill. When described by him, it was believed to have been brought from the river Gambia in West Africa, and when first imported it was sold in England as "Gummi rubrum astringens gambiense". It was obtained from "Pterocarpus erinaceus". In the early 20th century, the drug recognized as the legitimate kind was East Indian, Malabar or Amboyna kino which is the evaporated juice obtained from incisions in the trunk of "Pterocarpus marsupium". In addition to kinos from these two species, Bengal or Butea kino from "Butea frondosa" and Australian, Botany Bay, or Eucalyptus kino from "Eucalyptus resinifera", the brown gum tree, were imported into the United States. A West Indian or Jamaica kino is believed to be the product of "Coccoloba uvifera", or seaside grape. It is possible that the same plant is the source of the South American kino.
Kino is not absorbed at all from the stomach and only very slowly from the intestine.
The drug was frequently used in diarrhoea, its value being due to the relative insolubility of kinotannic acid, which enabled it to affect the lower part of the intestine. In this respect it is similar to catechu. It ceased being used as a gargle when antiseptics became recognized as the rational treatment for sore throat. A medicinal tincture of kino was used as a gargle for the relaxation of the uvula; it contained kino, glycerin, alcohol, and water.
As they are usually soluble in water, kinos found use in traditional remedies: Eucalyptus kino is used by Australian aborigines in a tea for treating colds.
Kino was employed to a considerable extent in the East Indies as a cotton dye, giving to the cotton the yellowish-brown color known as nankeen.

</doc>
<doc id="18993593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993593" title="Beikou">
Beikou

Boikoo tarkbei or Daur hockey is a game similar to field hockey or street hockey. It has been played for about 1,000 years by the Daur people, an ethnic group from Inner Mongolia, China.
The game involves teams of men playing a ball-like knob of apricot root ("in lieu" of a ball) with long wooden branches ("in lieu" of sticks). At night, the game is played with a felt-covered ball that is set alight. A game is reported to last for two periods of roughly 15 minutes.
Poolie tarkbei is the Daur version of polo. Boikoo and poolie are two popular game among Daurs.
Some Daurs believe the Daur term "boikoo" and "poolie" was originated from Chinese term "buqiu" (budaqiu or buqiu was a popular game in Tang China) and Tibetan term "polon", and deny the Khitan origin of Daurs. Others believe the Daur boikoo was originated from the Khitan hockey.[http://www.dawoer.com/bbs/dispbbs.asp?BoardID=15&ID=48835] 
When Western field hockey was introduced to China, it was taken up enthusiastically by the Daurs, whose affinity for the game has helped China to improve its global standing in field hockey. At the 2008 Summer Olympics, a third of the Chinese men's field hockey team was from Morin Dawa, a city in the Morin Dawa Daur Autonomous Banner in Inner Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="18993617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993617" title="Don't Trust Me">
Don't Trust Me

"Don't Trust Me" (commonly referred to as "Don't Trust a Ho") is the second single by the band 3OH!3 and the third track from their second album "Want".
The single was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America in March 2009, Platinum in April 2009, 2x platinum in July 2009, and 3x platinum on July 13, 2011.
Release.
"Don't Trust Me" was released on June 1, 2008 as the lead single for the band's label debut. "Don't Trust Me" is also featured in the game, "Tap Tap Revenge" for the iPhone OS. It was also used on "The Hills" and "Pretty Little Liars". The official remix features Kid Cudi.
Music video.
The official video begins with words being typed on the screen stating "A global virus of catastrophic proportions has attacked the entire male population. Only two male models from Colorado survive... this is their story". The screen shifts to a shot of the band in briefs at a photo shoot. The set resembles that of a hotel. Another photo shoot takes place at a set resembling a high school wrestling match, where they are dressed in neon-colored singlets. The last photo shoot is in the prehistoric era, and the band is dressed as cavemen. The video ends with a shot of a mushroom cloud, and the words "Transmission terminated" are typed onto the screen. The video received a nomination at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards for "Best New Artist".
Chart and sales performance.
"Don't Trust Me" became the band's breakout hit. It is their first top 10 hit in the U.S, reaching #7 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in its 23rd week on the chart. It has also been a huge success on U.S. Mainstream Top 40 radio, reaching #1 there. It has gone top 40 on the Canadian Hot 100 as well, at #6. "Don't Trust Me" has done particularly well in Oceania, where it has reached the top 3 in Australia, and the top 10 in New Zealand. It has also reached #5 in Finland. On July 19, 2009, the single entered the UK singles charts at #21. On April 26, 2010 "Don't Trust Me" re-entered the UK top 40 at #22.
As of June 2013, the single has sold 3,322,000 digital units in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18993618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993618" title="Lercker pistol">
Lercker pistol

The Lercker was a selective-fire machine pistol developed in Bologna, Italy after the Second World War.
Designed to appear and operate as a handgun, while firing as a fully automatic weapon, the Lercker was chambered for the 6.35 mm Browning Auto (.25 ACP) cartridge, a small cartridge by post-war standards. The small size of the round helped to facilitate the large magazine capacity; the Lercker could carry 20 rounds in a magazine in the pistol grip (additional one round can not be stored in the chamber, because the weapon fires from open bolt). The small cartridge also produced much less recoil than larger cartridges like the 9mm Parabellum, making the weapon easier to control in the selective-fire mode. With a 102 mm (4 in) barrel and an overall length of just 184 mm (7.2 in), the Lercker was a compact design. Unusually for any pistol-type weapon, the Lercker fired from an open bolt for every shot, such that the slide stayed in the retracted position before firing commenced. It was capable of firing at a rate of 1200 rounds per minute, a high figure for the time.
The Lercker was introduced in 1950, but only about 150 of the guns were produced before production ended. The weapon was banned by the Italian government, as it was the functional equivalent of a submachine gun, but small enough to conceal easily.

</doc>
<doc id="18993641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993641" title="Schwarzsee (Zermatt)">
Schwarzsee (Zermatt)

Schwarzsee (literally "Black Lake") is a lake at Zermatt in the canton of Valais, Switzerland. It is located below Matterhorn at an elevation of 2,552 m.
Its surface area is 0.5 ha. A chapel dedicated to Mary of the Snows borders the lake (Kapelle "Maria zum Schnee").
The lake lends its name to the mountain ridge (2,583 m) above (). It can be reached by cable car from Zermatt.

</doc>
<doc id="18993642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993642" title="Hakea amplexicaulis">
Hakea amplexicaulis

Hakea amplexicaulis (Prickly Hakea) is a shrub which is native to south west Western Australia.
Prickly Hakea is erect in habit, growing to a height of . It has leaves with prickly edges which envelope the stems. White flowers are produced between August and November in its native range. 
The species was first formally described by Robert Brown in "Transactions of the Linnean Society of London" in 1810. 

</doc>
<doc id="18993668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993668" title="Mediterranean U-boat Campaign (World War I)">
Mediterranean U-boat Campaign (World War I)

The Mediterranean U-boat Campaign in the Mediterranean Sea was fought by Austria-Hungary and German Empire (with some support by the Ottoman Empire) against the Allies during World War I. It was characterised by the ability of the Central Powers to raid with near impunity during the first years of the war, causing substantial shipping losses, until the introduction of the convoy system allowed the Allies to drastically cut their losses from 1917 on.
History.
1914: Initial stages.
At the outbreak of World War I, with Italy’s decision to remain neutral, the naval strength of the Central Powers was represented by the navy of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, the "KuK Kriegsmarine", whose only access to the sea was through the Adriatic coast. The Entente powers moved swiftly to blockade the Adriatic, sending a fleet to take station at the straits of Otranto.
The initial phase of the U-boat campaign in the Mediterranean comprised the actions by the KuKs U-boat force against the French. At the start of hostilities, the KuK had seven U-boats in commission; five operational, two training; all were of the coastal type, with limited range and endurance, suitable for operation in the Adriatic.
Nevertheless, they had a number of successes. On 21 December 1914, torpedoed the French battleship , Admiral Lapeyrere's flagship. She was saved from sinking, but was forced to retire with a damaged bow. This setback dissuaded the French capital ships from penetrating too far into the Adriatic. On 27 April 1915, sank the French cruiser , with heavy loss of life.
But the KuK boats were unable to offer any interference to allied traffic in the Mediterranean beyond the Straits of Otranto.
1915.
Operations at the Dardanelles.
In April 1915, the Imperial German Navy sent their first submarines to the Mediterranean in response to the Anglo-French Dardanelles campaign, after it became obvious that their Austro-Hungarian allies could do little against it with their small submarine force, which nevertheless was successful in defending the Adriatic.
The first U-boat sent——achieved initial success, sinking the Royal Navy predreadnought battleships and on 25 and 27 May respectively on her way to Constantinople, but ran into severe limitations in the Dardanelles, where swarms of small craft and extensive anti-submarine netting and booms restricted their movements. In addition, the Germans dispatched a number of UB and UC Type boats; these were sent in sections by rail to Pola where they were assembled for transit to Constantinople. One was lost, but by the end of 1915 the Germans had established a force of seven U-boats at Constantinople, misleadingly named the Mediterranean U-Boat Division.
The Pola flotilla.
At the same time, the Germans determined to establish a force in the Adriatic to open the commerce war against Allied trade in the Mediterranean.
By the end of June 1915, the Germans had assembled a further three pre-fabricated Type UB I submarines at Pola in Istria, two of them intended for transfer to the Austrian Navy. They were also assembling three Type UC I minelaying submarines, which were ordered converted into transports to carry small quantities of critical supplies to Turkey. However, the UB submarines were hindered by their short operational range and the Dardanelles currents, and in July "U-21"—the only U-boat with a decent operating range—was damaged by a mine and confined to Constantinople.
On 21 July, the ocean-going submarines and were detached from service in the Baltic and sent to Cattaro (in present-day Montenegro), the Germans deciding to make use of Austrian bases rather than Constantinople, since there were better supply and repair facilities in the Adriatic and it avoided submarines having to negotiate the dangerous passage through the Dardanelles. In August, and joined the German Flotilla stationed at Cattaro, following pleas from the German military attaché in Constantinople, who reported that the Royal Navy's close naval support was inflicting heavy losses on Turkish forces at the Gallipoli beachheads.
The war on commerce.
The Mediterranean was an attractive theatre of operations for the German "Admiralstab"s war on Allied commerce; a significant proportion of British imports passed through it, it was critical to French and Italian trade, and submarines would be able to operate effectively in it even in the northern-hemisphere autumn and winter, when poor weather hampered naval operations in the Atlantic and the North Sea. Additionally, there were certain choke points through which shipping had to pass, such as the Suez Canal, Malta, Crete, and Gibraltar. Finally, the Mediterranean offered the advantage that fewer neutral ships would be encountered, such as U.S. vessels, and fewer American citizens travelled the waters.
The German campaign in the Mediterranean is generally agreed to have properly begun in October 1915, when "U-33" and "U-39", followed later by "U-35", were ordered to attack the approaches to Salonika and Kavalla. That month, 18 ships were sunk, for a total of . It was decided the same month that further reinforcements were called for, and a further large U-boat——sailed for Cattaro. Since Germany was not yet at war with Italy, even though Austria was, the German submarines were ordered to refrain from attacking Italian shipping in the eastern Mediterranean where the Italians might expect hostile action only from German submarines. When operating in the west, up to the line of Cape Matapan, the German U-boats flew the Austrian flag, and a sinking without warning policy was adopted, since large merchant ships could be attacked on the suspicion of being transports or auxiliary cruisers.
The German Admiralty also decided that the Type UB II submarine would be ideal for Mediterranean service. Since these were too large to be shipped in sections by rail to Pola like the Type UB I, the materials for their construction and German workers to assemble them were sent instead. This meant a shortage of workers to complete U-boats for service in home waters, but it seemed justified by the successes in the Mediterranean in November, when 44 ships were sunk, for a total of . The total in December fell to 17 ships () which was still over ½ the total tonnage sunk in all theaters of operation at the time.
The "Ancona" incident.
In November 1915, "U-38"—sailing under the Austrian flag and commanded by "Kapitanleutnant" (K/L) Max Valentiner—caused a diplomatic incident when she sank the Italian passenger liner off the coast of Tunisia. "Ancona"—bound from Messina to New York—was fully booked and over 200 lives were lost, including nine Americans. Coming as it did six months after the sinking of the British liner off Ireland, the "Ancona" incident added to a growing outrage in the U.S. over unrestricted submarine warfare, and U.S. Secretary of State Robert Lansing despatched a sternly-worded protest to Vienna.
In December 1915, Valentiner caused further outrage when he sank the passenger liner without warning. 343 lives were lost.
In a further incident in March 1916, the German minelayer was blown up by her own mines while laying a mine field off Taranto harbor. Italian divers inspected the wreck and established her identity. The knowledge that Germany—technically their ally—was assiduously mining their naval bases was a contributing factor in Italy’s decision in May 1916 to declare war on Germany.
1916: The commerce war continues.
During 1916, the commerce war continued unabated. Allied countermeasures were largely ineffective; the complex arrangements for co-operation between the various navies meant a fragmented and unco-ordinated response, while the main remedy favored by the Allies for the U-boat menace was to establish an anti-submarine barrier across the Straits of Otranto, the Otranto Barrage. This too was ineffective; the Straits were too wide and deep for such a barrage to be successful, and consumed a huge effort and tied up many of the patrol vessels the Allies possessed. It also acted as a target for surface attacks, being the target for a number of raids by KuK forces. Just two U-boats were caught in the barrage in all the time it was in operation; meanwhile the merchant ships continued to suffer huge losses. In 1916, the Allies lost 415 ships, of , ½ of all allied ships sunk in all theaters.
Eight of the top 12 U-boat aces served in the Pola flotilla—including the highest scoring commander of all, K/L Arnauld de la Perière.
1917: Unrestricted submarine warfare.
In January 1917, following the German decision to resume unrestricted submarine warfare, Foreign Secretary Arthur Zimmermann led a delegation to Vienna to secure the collaboration of Austria-Hungary. Grand Admiral Haus wholly supported the proposal, but Foreign Minister Count Ottokar Czernin had misgivings, as did the emperor, Charles I of Austria. Haus and the German delegates finally won the debate, partly by listing several instances where Allied submarines had sunk unarmed Austro-Hungarian ships in the Adriatic. The negotiations over the terms of the new Mediterranean submarine campaign were aided by the fact that Italy had declared war on Germany on 28 August 1916, making it no longer necessary for German U-boats to masquerade as Austrian vessels when attacking Italian shipping.
Shipping losses to U-boats reached a peak in April 1917, when the Central Powers had 28 boats operating, with as many as 10 at sea at any one time. While not a single submarine was sunk, they caused 94 ship losses in that one month, and severely endangered and delayed shipping. However, by that time, the Italian Navy had instituted convoy operations, with the British following on the Alexandria-Malta route in May 1917.
Japanese participation.
Beginning in April 1917, Japan, an ally of Great Britain, sent a total of 14 destroyers to the Mediterranean with cruiser flagships which were based at Malta and played an important part in escorting convoys to guard them against enemy submarines. The Japanese ships were very effective in patrol and anti-submarine activity. However, of the nine Austro-Hungarian navy submarines lost to enemy action, five were sunk by Italian navy units ("U-13", "U-10", "U-16", "U-20", and "U-23"), one by Italian and French units ("U-30"), one by Royal Navy units ("U-3"), while none were sunk by the Japanese navy, which lost one destroyer (, torpedoed by "U-27").
1918: Final stages.
Although convoys had been introduced between Malta and Alexandria in May 1917, the Allies were unable to introduce a comprehensive system until later in the year. The number of routes, and divided responsibilities made this complicated, while a continued belief in offensive measures, such as the Otranto barrage, kept up a shortage of escort ships elsewhere. Throughout the year U-boats were still able to find and sink ships sailing independently. By 1918, however, the U-boats successes began to drop. In January 1918, German U-boats sank and the Austrians sank a further while two Pola boats were sunk.
Allied losses continued to fall during the year, while U-boat losses mounted. In May 1918, Allied losses dropped below and did not rise above this again, while the Pola flotilla lost four boats, its worst month ot the war.
Karl Dönitz—who would go on to command the German U-boat force in World War II, was commander of "UB-68", operating in the Mediterranean. On 4 October, this boat was sunk by British forces and Dönitz was taken prisoner on the island of Malta.
By October 1918, the end of the campaign, Allied losses for the year stood at . The Pola flotilla had lost 11 Boats, and the KuK a further 3. In October, the Central Powers were on the verge of collapse; Bulgaria and the Ottomans had sued for peace, and the Austrians were about to do the same. The Germans elected to abandon the Mediterranean; nine U-boats sailed from their bases on the Adriatic to return to Germany and a further 10 boats were scuttled. Two ships—"Mercia" and "Surada"—were torpedoed on the way, the last Allied ships to be sunk in the Mediterranean, and three U-boats were attacked. was damaged and forced to run for Barcelona, where she was interned
Bases and areas of operations.
Most of the German (and all of the Austro-Hungarian) U-boats operated out of the Adriatic, with their main base at Cattaro. Another German U-boat base was located at Constantinople in the Ottoman Empire. The U-boats also laid minefields, spread between such different locations like outside of Toulon, France to near Alexandria, Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="18993673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993673" title="Redefinition (song)">
Redefinition (song)

"Redefinition" is a song by the Danish dance-pop duo Infernal. It was released as the fourth and final single from their 2008 album "Electric Cabaret"–after undoubtedly being the favourite track amongst fans–on April 27, 2009. Unlike the three previous singles "Redefinition" is not co-written by Adam Powers. It is also the only single from the album that did not enter the charts.
Infernal released the music video of the song to registered users on their website, and later to video-sharing website YouTube. The song debuted on Danish radio stations via a promotional CD in April 2009.
The music video was filmed on March 3, 2009 on Manhattan, New York City and directed by Loïc Maes.

</doc>
<doc id="18993683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993683" title="List of chess software">
List of chess software

This is a list of notable chess software (engines and/or Graphical User Interface):
Chess hardware.
The following are special-purpose hardware/software combinations that are inextricably connected:

</doc>
<doc id="18993693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993693" title="SM City Rosales">
SM City Rosales

SM City Rosales is a shopping mall owned by SM Prime Holdings located along MacArthur Highway in barangay Carmen East, Rosales, Pangasinan. It is the first SM Supermall in the province of Pangasinan. It has a land area of and a total gross floor area of with major anchors like the SM Department Store and the SM Hypermarket and junior anchors like the SM Appliance Center, National Bookstore, Ace Hardware and Watsons.
Typhoon Parma devastation.
On October 8, 2009, the mall was not spared from Typhoon Parma (2009)(Pepeng) as floodwaters entered the ground level of the mall. Merchandise and fixtures owned by the mall's anchor stores and tenants were swept away by the raging flood caused by torrential rains brought by the typhoon. Around 1,000 people, including a pregnant woman, were stranded inside the mall complex. The mall's rooftop became a drop-off point for the rescue workers that were deployed to bring relief goods to the affected residents in the nearby areas.
Barely two months after being devastated, the shopping mall re-opened to the public on November 27, 2009.
Transportation.
The mall contains a Public Transport Terminal, with vans, jeepney, and tricycle service to nearby areas. It also serves as a bus stop the inter-provincial bus lines, FiveStar, Victory Liner, Partas, Genesis, Viron Transit, Santrans, Dagupan Bus Company, De Leon Express and Amianan.

</doc>
<doc id="18993705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993705" title="Laura Sánchez (diver)">
Laura Sánchez (diver)

Laura Aleida Sánchez Soto (born October 16, 1985 in Guadalajara) is a female diver from Mexico. She has represented her native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2004 (Athens, Greece).
Sánchez scored her first Olympic medal on August 5, 2012 in London when she won the bronze in 3 meter springboard diving.
Sánchez also won two gold medals at at the Pan American Games in 2011, one gold and one silver in 2007, and two silver in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18993715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993715" title="A Yank in Ermine">
A Yank in Ermine

A Yank in Ermine is a 1955 British comedy film starring Peter M. Thompson, Jon Pertwee and Sid James. An American soldier inherits the Lordship of an English village.

</doc>
<doc id="18993719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993719" title="Emma Burstall">
Emma Burstall

Emma Burstall is an English author and journalist. She has published two novels and writes for The Guardian and Independent on Sunday.
Burstall was educated at the elitist St Paul's Girls' School and studied English at Christ's College, Cambridge University, graduating in 1980. She began her career as a reporter on the Western Morning News, later becoming a features editor of Woman and Family Circle. Her first novel "Gym and Slimline" was published in 2008, followed by "Never Close Your Eyes" in 2009.
Burstall is married to left-wing journalist Kevin Maguire, and has three children: the elder was educated at Tiffin School, an exclusive all-girls grammar school in Kingston-Upon-Thames. 

</doc>
<doc id="18993720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993720" title="Bulgaria–Turkey relations">
Bulgaria–Turkey relations

Bulgarian–Turkish relations are foreign relations between Bulgaria and Turkey. Bulgaria has an embassy in Ankara, 2 general consulates in Istanbul and Edirne and a chancellery in Bursa. Turkey has an embassy in Sofia and 2 general consulates in Plovdiv and Burgas. Both countries are full members of NATO. Also Bulgaria is an EU member and Turkey is a candidate. Because of strong diplomatic pressure, and economic relations between Turkey, the National Assembly of Bulgaria rejected the Armenian Genocide recognition bill in 2007. The independence of Bulgaria from the Ottoman Empire was proclaimed on in the old Bulgarian capital Tarnovo by Prince (Knyaz) (afterwards Tsar) Ferdinand of Bulgaria. 

</doc>
<doc id="18993724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993724" title="Venice Township">
Venice Township

Venice Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18993730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993730" title="Gym and Slimline">
Gym and Slimline

Gym and Slimline is a novel by author Emma Burstall.
The book chronicles the life of four women who share membership of a South West London gym.
Plot summary.
Percy likes sorting out other problems, but her own life is a shambles, with a secret addiction. Patrice, wealthy but emotionally damaged is desperate to have another baby but her husband Jonty is not interested. Carmen is determined to get pregnant by her cold, treacherous boyfriend and Suzanne is in love with her second husband but worries that she is neglecting him for her career.

</doc>
<doc id="18993741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993741" title="Barnsley Council election, 2008">
Barnsley Council election, 2008

The 2008 Barnsley Council election took place on 1 May 2008 to elect members of Barnsley Metropolitan Borough Council in South Yorkshire, England. One third of the council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
After the election, the composition of the council was
Election result.
Before the election it had been thought that the Labour party might lose overall control of the council but they held on by only one seat. They lost two seats to the Barnsley Independent Group but gained one seat from the Liberal Democrats to hold on. The Barnsley Independent Group also lost 1 seat to the Conservatives. Overall turnout was 34.78%.
The losses for the Labour party were blamed on government policies, such as on immigration and the abolition of the 10p income tax band, by the leader of the council, Steve Houghton, who was himself re-elected for Cudworth ward.

</doc>
<doc id="18993744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993744" title="Vergennes Township">
Vergennes Township

Vergennes Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18993748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993748" title="Adriatic Campaign">
Adriatic Campaign

Adriatic Campaign may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18993753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993753" title="Force (Star Wars)">
Force (Star Wars)

The Force is a binding, metaphysical, and ubiquitous power in the fictional universe of the "Star Wars" galaxy created by George Lucas. Introduced in the original "Star Wars" film (1977), it is integral to all subsequent incarnations of "Star Wars", including the expanded universe of comic books, novels, and video games. Within the franchise, it is the object of the Jedi and Sith monastic orders.
Origin.
Lucas has attributed the origins of "The Force" to a 1963 abstract film by Arthur Lipsett, which sampled from many sources.
Quotes.
The Force is referenced several times throughout the "Star Wars" saga. In "", there are several mentions of the Force in reference to Luke Skywalker: by Obi-Wan Kenobi ("It surrounds us and penetrates us. It binds the galaxy together," "Use the Force, Luke" and "The Force will be with you, always.") and Darth Vader ("The Force is strong with this one."). The famous line "May the Force be with you" is actually said by General Dodonna after explaining the Death Star attack plan to the Rebel pilots. It is said again by Han Solo to Luke, right before the attack on the Death Star battle station.
In ', Emperor Palpatine states "There is a great disturbance in the Force," in reference to Luke Skywalker. Yoda points out that "a Jedi's strength flows from the Force." while training Luke (a statement he would repeat in '); Yoda also explains that "you must feel the Force around you." During their battle in Cloud City, Darth Vader tells Luke "The Force is with you, young Skywalker, but you are not a Jedi yet." Finally, Luke says "May the Force be with you" at the end of the movie.
In "", some references to the Force also include Yoda stating on his deathbed "Strong am I with the Force, but not that strong.", Luke revealing to Leia that he is her brother, by stating "The Force runs strong in my family", and Admiral Ackbar saying, "May the Force be with us" immediately prior to the Battle of Endor.
Depiction.
In , the Force is first described by Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi as an energy field created by all living things, that surrounds and penetrates living beings and binds the galaxy together. Throughout the series, characters exhibit various powers that rely on the Force.
The Force has a "Dark side", which feeds off emotions such as anger, jealousy, fear, lust, and hate, but the Jedi are only supposed to use the Force for peaceful purposes. The series' villains, the Sith, embrace the dark side in order to seize power. The Jedi's compassionate and selfless use of the Force has come to be known by inference as "the light side", although that term is not used in the films.
Force abilities.
The Force can enhance natural, physical, and mental abilities, including strength (such as during a "Force jump" or to slow a fall from an otherwise dangerous height) and accuracy (as when Luke Skywalker was able to launch proton torpedoes into a two-meter-wide thermal exhaust port on the Death Star in "A New Hope"). A number of other Force powers are demonstrated in the film series including telekinesis, telepathy, levitation, deep hypnosis, enhanced empathy, reflexes, precognition, and enhanced speed. The Jedi were also able to influence and control the minds of others by making use of the Jedi mind trick. The Sith use an ability called "Force Lightning" which is a lightning-like manifestation of the dark side of the Force that can be used either in combat or as an instrument of excruciating torture (as demonstrated by Emperor Palpatine in ' and ' and Count Dooku in ""). The Force also gives enhanced skills in lightsaber combat.
The term "Force power" originated in the "Star Wars" Roleplaying Game, by West End Games. Later, it was used in "", where they could be gained via a system of Force "points".
Within the Star Wars Expanded Universe, a number of other powers have been demonstrated, such as the ability to heal or drain the life force of others, increase resistance to attack, warp space and to dissipate energy attacks (which has been demonstrated on-screen by Yoda in "Attack of the Clones" during his battle with Count Dooku).
Disturbances in the Force.
Those who possess the discipline and subtlety of mind to sense "The Force" often refer to "disturbances in the Force". Since the Force is "an energy field created by all living things", a disturbance can be felt when there is death or suffering on a massive scale. A disturbance (or "tremor") may also be felt in the presence of a powerful Jedi or Sith.
When the planet Alderaan is destroyed in "A New Hope", Obi-Wan senses "a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror, and were suddenly silenced". Also, in "A New Hope", Darth Vader remarks to Grand Moff Tarkin that he felt a "tremor in the Force" that he had not felt since in the presence of his old master. In ', Palpatine tells Darth Vader that he has felt a great disturbance in the Force upon realizing that Luke Skywalker poses a threat to him. In ', Obi-Wan and his master Qui-Gon Jinn both agree that they feel a disturbance in the Force upon their arrival on Tatooine, possibly caused by the presence of the young, yet incredibly Force-sensitive Anakin Skywalker on the planet. In "", Yoda feels a disturbance in the Force when Anakin, enraged by his mother's death, slaughters a tribe of Tusken Raiders.
In "Attack of the Clones", Yoda can see through the Force that Obi Wan and Anakin will be forced to confront Count Dooku. He immediately orders a ship to take him to the scene of the duel in order to interrupt Dooku's plans and save the Jedi. Yoda is seen to be visibly disturbed after the deaths of many Jedi during Order 66 in "". He falls to his knees and grasps his chest, as if in pain himself; this shows the interconnected nature of the Force, especially its bond with the Jedi that were killed. In "A New Hope", Darth Vader was able to sense Obi-Wan through his interactions with the Force, and in "Return of the Jedi", Vader and Luke Skywalker were able to sense each other.
Force-sensitivity.
Force-sensitivity is a condition in the "Star Wars" universe where a life form possesses a natural connection to the Force. Though the Force flows through all life, with only rare exceptions (such as the Yuuzhan Vong), outright sensitivity to it is a more uncommon trait. While potential for Force-sensitivity is established at birth; awareness, experience and training are necessary to harness the power of the Force. Yoda implies that this training is most effective in early childhood. It is established in "" to be biological, the product of midi-chlorians.
Midi-chlorians are microorganisms first mentioned in "Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace". They reside within the cells of all living things and communicate with the Force. They are symbionts within all other living things and without them life could not exist. The Jedi have learned how to listen to and coordinate the midi-chlorians. Every living being thus has a connection to the Force, but one must have a high enough concentration of midi-chlorians in one's cells in order to be a Jedi or a Sith.
Creator George Lucas notes that the midi-chlorians are based on the endosymbiotic theory. He says:
Midi-chlorians are a loose depiction of mitochondria, which are necessary components for cells to divide. They probably had something–which will come out someday–to do with the beginnings of life and how one cell decided to become two cells with a little help from this other little creature who came in, without whom life couldn’t exist. And it’s really a way of saying we have hundreds of little creatures who live on us, and without them, we all would die. There wouldn’t be any life. They are necessary for us; we are necessary for them. Using them in the metaphor, saying society is the same way, says we all must get along with each other.
The Chosen One.
An ancient prophecy foretold the appearance of a Chosen One imbued with a high concentration of midi-chlorians, strong with the Force, and destined to alter it forever. Anakin Skywalker was believed by many to be the Chosen One although it was Luke Skywalker who brought his father, Anakin, to the Ashla at the end. Anakin Skywalker had the highest concentration of midi-chlorians the Jedi Council had ever seen. He was possibly conceived by the midi-chlorians (parthenogenesis). Lucas has said in interviews that Luke Skywalker had the same total midi-chlorian count that Anakin did at birth, though this does not necessarily make him the Chosen One because Anakin did exactly what the prophecy foretold by coming back from the Dark Side and destroying Emperor Palpatine.
In "", Palpatine tells Anakin that a Sith Lord, Darth Plagueis, had the ability to use the Dark Side to influence midi-chlorians to create life and to prevent people from dying. Anakin believed this power could save his wife, but failed, leading him to the dark side of the force. This raised doubt whether he was the Chosen One, but he later proved himself a true Jedi, the Chosen One he was foretold to be.
Force Ghost.
The first instance of a dead character communicating with a living character occurs soon after Obi-Wan Kenobi's death in "A New Hope", when Luke Skywalker hears Obi-Wan's voice saying, "Run, Luke, run!" Luke hears Obi-Wan's voice again during the Battle of Yavin.
The first visual appearance of a Force Ghost (or Force Spirit) is in "The Empire Strikes Back", when Obi-Wan's ghost appears to Luke on Hoth, and again to Luke and Yoda on Dagobah. In "", Luke converses with the ghost on Dagobah after Yoda's death, then sees their two spirits alongside that of Anakin Skywalker during the celebration on Endor at the end of the film.
While Yoda and Obi-Wan are seen to vanish upon death, leaving behind only their physical clothing, Darth Vader's body does not disappear or dissolve onscreen. Luke Skywalker is later seen burning Vader's armor, including his helmet and faceplate, but it is unclear whether the armor still contains Vader's body, though the novelization to the film says that Vader's body did disappear and that the armor was empty.
Questions arose after the release of "", when Qui-Gon Jinn's body did not vanish after his death fighting Darth Maul and, perhaps more importantly, none of the other characters expected it to. Qui-Gon's remains were burned on a Jedi funeral pyre on Naboo. In the film's DVD commentary Lucas indicated that this apparent discontinuity was a plot point that would be revisited. It should be noted that Obi-Wan's enigmatic final words to Darth Vader, and the disappearance of his body appear to perplex Vader.
In "", it is revealed that the ability to return as a Force Spirit is a recently discovered and complex discipline unknown to most Jedi. Yoda informs Obi-Wan that the late Qui-Gon Jinn discovered "..the path to immortality", the secret of how to retain his identity after death and absorption into the Force, and that his spirit would instruct Obi-Wan in this discipline during his exile on Tatooine. In the Expanded Universe novel "Heir to the Empire" it is explained by Obi-Wan to Luke that the Force Ghost is an intermediate state between life and afterlife, and one cannot stay in that form forever. Also in the novels following the movie, Luke discovered the discipline of the Force spirit.
George Lucas has since indicated (on the "" DVD commentary) that the appearance of Vader's former self, Anakin Skywalker, as a Force Spirit at the end of is due to a combination of Anakin's own latent Force ability, his achievement of a moment of unconditional compassion at his death and redemption, and Yoda and Obi-Wan's spirits helping him extend his identity out of The Force.
Toy simulation.
In 2009, Uncle Milton Industries released the "Star Wars Force Trainer". This game used an electroencephalogram in conjunction with an air jet to allow the user to levitate a ball by concentrating.

</doc>
<doc id="18993755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993755" title="Ibanez K5">
Ibanez K5

The Ibanez K5 is the signature bass for metal band KoRn's bassist Reginald Fieldy Arvizu. 
Specification.
Fieldy from KoRn has long been an Ibanez user due to its low weight and sound and he got an endorsement deal with Ibanez soon after the breakthrough of KoRn. The five string K5 bass is designed by Ibanez along with Fieldy and includes a Mahogany body, Rosewood fretboard with 24 frets and a K5 inlay at the 12th fret, gold hardware, two active pickups and a Vari-Mid EQ. To achieve his signature sound Fieldy tunes his basses to A, D, G, C, F, turns the midrange all the way off and brings down the EQ all the way down at 180Hz. This makes Fieldys bass stand out from the low end of the two seven string guitars instead of getting too muddy.
"I've played all kinds of basses. I've got other companies that want me to endorse, but I don't like any other basses. I'm not like some people who play an instrument because of a contract. I'm playing it because I love it." 
Fieldy in Ibanez - The Untold Story 

</doc>
<doc id="18993776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993776" title="Tucker Max">
Tucker Max

Tucker Max (born September 27, 1975, Atlanta, Georgia) is an American author and public speaker. He chronicles his drinking and sexual encounters in the form of short stories on his website "TuckerMax.com," which has received millions of visitors since Max launched it as the result of a bet in 2000.
"I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell" was a "New York Times" #1 Bestseller and made the Best Seller List each year from 2006 to 2011. It has sold over one million copies worldwide, including 400,000 copies in 2009 alone. His book was subsequently made into a feature film of the same title, which received "generally negative reviews" and "numerous critics considered the movie to be one of the worst of the year.". In 2010, he released a book titled "Assholes Finish First", and in 2012 marked the literary releases of both "Hilarity Ensues" and "". He was a 2009 Time 100 finalist based on internet votes, although he did not make the magazine list.
Early life.
Tucker Max's father, Dennis Max, is a restaurant owner in South Florida. Tucker grew up in Lexington, Kentucky and attended Lafayette High School before transferring and graduating from New Jersey's Blair Academy in 1995. Three years later he completed a B.A. in Economics at the University of Chicago, graduating with honors in 1998. He attended Duke Law School on an academic scholarship, earning a J.D. in 2001.
Projects.
He began his career by publishing "The Definitive Book of Pick-Up Lines" (2001), which he followed up by "Belligerence and Debauchery: The Tucker Max Stories" (2003). He was the facilitator of the website "Tard Blog", from 2002–2003. In 2006, he began development of a television pilot for Comedy Central, but the project was canceled reportedly due to a dispute with Sony about feature film rights.
In September 2006, Simon Spotlight Publishing, a division of Simon & Schuster, announced that Max was contracted to release a book in January 2008, "Assholes Finish First". Undisclosed delays pushed the release date to September 2010. He reportedly received a $300,000 advance for "Assholes Finish First", and released a revised and expanded edition of "I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell" in January 2009.
He co-founded an online company named Rudius Media. The company website stated that it was "dedicated to finding, publishing, managing and publicizing new and original content by unknown or under-promoted artists and writers." His blogging network included psychologist Rob Dobrenski, journalist and television host Mark Ebner, strategy writer Robert Greene, and actor/comedian Jamie Kennedy. Rudius Media was closed down on November 1, 2009.
In 2008, "The Hollywood Reporter" announced that Tucker Max was producing a movie based on his bestselling book, also titled "I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell". He detailed the process on a production blog hosted on the movie's website. Actor Matt Czuchry ("The Good Wife") portrayed Tucker in the film. The film was panned by critics and earned $1.4 million at the box office on a $7 million budget. Max attributed the poor box office performance of the film to oversights in marketing, but expressed hope it would find an audience on DVD. In 2011, he was a guest speaker at the Ancestral Health Symposium, giving a presentation entitled "From cave to cage: Mixed martial arts in ancestral health".
In January 2012, Max claimed he was leaving behind the lifestyle he had described in his books and that he had been in psychotherapy. In February 2012 a publicity campaign for his book "Hilarity Ensues" led to his account with the company Sponsored Tweets being banned for "ethics violations".
Fratire.
Max, along with George Ouzounian (known more commonly by his pen name, Maddox), is considered a founding author of the 21st century literary genre "fratire". The term was introduced by "The New York Times" reporter Warren St. John in a 2006 article titled "Dude, Here's My Book". The genre is characterized by masculine themes and could be considered the male equivalent of chick lit. Both Max and Maddox dislike the label, pointing out that neither of them was ever in fraternities. In the final chapter of "Hilarity Ensues", and in a post on his website, he announced he has retired from writing Fratire, explaining: Over the last couple years, I've realized that I don't do all the funny but stupid shit I did when I was 25 anymore, and I find myself writing about the way my life used to be. I'm not the same person I was when I started writing these stories, and I don't live the same life I did then — so it no longer makes sense for me to keep writing that way. In the same chapter, Max stated that he is currently working on an "advice book" (alongside Nils Parker, co-writer of the "I Hope They Serve Beer In Hell" screenplay), as well as other undisclosed projects. 
Controversies.
In 2003, he posted on his website an account of his relationship with Katy Johnson, who was Miss Vermont in 1999. Johnson filed a lawsuit claiming, among other things, invasion of her privacy. In response to the lawsuit, a Florida state court judge issued an order for Max not to write about Johnson; to not use Johnson's first, full, or last name; not to use the phrase "Miss Vermont" on his website; and not to disclose any "information" or "stories" about Johnson. Legal experts called the decision "kooky" and "clearly a suppression of free speech". The ACLU intervened, filing an amicus brief, claiming a breach of Max's First Amendment rights, which led to Johnson voluntarily withdrawing her lawsuit, and Max's story was once again posted on his website. An expanded version of the story was later published in "Hilarity Ensues".
In January 2006, Max posted a thread on his message board satirizing Anthony DiMeo, a young Philadelphia socialite, for throwing a New Year's Eve party that was a disaster. The number of young partygoers showing up greatly exceeded expectations, which resulted in the food and alcohol running out well before midnight. The more than 700 partygoers got unruly, two pieces of art were stolen, and city police were called in to disperse the crowd. DiMeo sued Max under the Violence Against Women Act claiming some comments on Max's message board were libelous and represented criminal behavior. The lawsuit was subsequently dismissed under the Communications Decency Act, with U.S. District Judge Stewart Dalzell noting that although Max could be a "poster child for the vulgarity", the law must protect "the coarse conversation that, it appears, never ends on TuckerMax.com."
In May 2009, Max held a speaking engagement which was picketed by a feminist group at The Ohio State University, who claimed that his writing "promoted a culture of rape." In August 2009, the North Carolina State University Women's Center held a silent protest of "I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell". The advertisements themselves were also vandalized in multiple cities.
For three years starting in 2005, Max was harassed by a man named Justin Massler, who sent him repeated "Unabomber type" emails, and showed up uninvited to a 2006 party hosted by Max while dressed up as a superhero. The altercations made national news after Massler was charged with stalking Ivanka Trump in 2010.
In April 2012, Max reportedly offered $500,000 to Planned Parenthood if they named an abortion clinic after him. Planned Parenthood declined.

</doc>
<doc id="18993784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993784" title="Verona Township">
Verona Township

Verona Township may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="18993789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993789" title="Becky Bayless">
Becky Bayless

Rebecca Treston (born February 3, 1982) better known by her ring name Rebecca "Becky" Bayless, is an American professional wrestler, currently working for independent promotions such as Women's Extreme Wrestling, Wrestling Superstars Unleashed, Wrestlicious, and Women Superstars Uncensored. In the past she has worked for a number of major independent promotions, primarily Ring of Honor (ROH), Full Impact Pro, and Shimmer Women Athletes. She is also known for working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) under the ring name Cookie and for ROH and Shimmer as a backstage/in-ring interviewer.
Career.
Prior to her 2004 accident, Bayless was initially known as a valet for wrestlers, particularly Jimmy Jacobs, and mostly in Combat Zone Wrestling and IWA-Mid South, but occasionally wrestled for promotions. This includes during one 3-way Tag-Team match in Mid South where during a point when many wrestlers performed 'Dives' off an announce position, Bayless herself leaped on top of the participating wrestlers, including the ones she was managing, shortly followed by commentator Dave Prazak and the referee of the match.
Since her return, Bayless has had a long standing feud with Alicia in Wrestling Superstars Unleashed, and in their sister all-women's promotion Women Superstars Uncensored. This cumulated on September 22, 2007 with a loss in a No-DQ grudge match for the WSU Women's Title which was billed as Alicia's retirement match. The next night Bayless and Alicia revealed that their 'feud' had been a plan between the two to make the other look good in the ring. Alicia attempted to hand her title to Bayless, but they were interrupted by Tammy Lynn Sytch who stopped their plan, and following an impromptu match Sytch won the title herself. Since then Bayless has feuded with Sytch, and also Dawn Marie and then Missy Hyatt who were brought in as managers/opponents against Bayless.
On the June 5, 2008 edition of "TNA Impact!", Bayless made a one-off appearance as a candidate for Awesome Kong's $25,000 Fan Challenge along with fellow wrestlers Amber O'Neal, and Daffney who was picked for the challenge.
Ring of Honor.
Bayless debuted in ROH in 2003 as part of the Special K stable as a valet. During her time she wrestled occasionally, including losses to Alexis Laree. The high point during this time was Bayless' involvement in the break-up of the stable in the later part of 2004. After a series of losses suffered by her teammates she began arguing with fellow stablemate Lacey. This ultimately leading to cat fights after matches, and eventually the break-up on ROH's December 4 show when after a 6-Man Tag-Team loss to 3 ROH wrestling school students, the team of Izzy, Deranged and Lacey turned on Dixie, Angel Dust and Bayless. Later in the month, December 26 the two sides would meet in a mixed Tag Match, where Bayless would be pinned by Lacey. Following a severe automobile accident, this would be the last Bayless would be seen anywhere in wrestling for a number of years, and subsequently was written out of the storyline.
In 2007 Bayless returned to ROH and to pro wrestling at ROH's January 26 show, conducting an in-ring interview with the then new ROH World Champion Homicide. Bayless remained in the role as backstage and in-ring interviewer for the duration of her time with Ring of Honor, regularly being seen on DVD releases in promos and interview segments, and on ROH VideoWire updates in the same roles. Despite ROH having women's matches on their cards, Bayless did not wrestling any further in ROH.
Shimmer Women Athletes.
In Shimmer Women Athletes, a sister promotion to ROH, Bayless fulfilled the same on-camera role she has in ROH as an in-ring and backstage interviewer for the company, alongside Valerie Malone and Amber Gertner.
Full Impact Pro.
Bayless was part of The YRR stable in Full Impact Pro, in the role of a valet, but due to occasional appearances for the company she may or may not have left the stable or have been written out of it.
Wrestlicious.
In early 2009 Bayless signed with Jimmy Hart's Wrestlicious series, which began airing in March 2010. She debuted on the fifth episode on March 31, under the ring name Brooke Lynn, as the new co-host of "Take Down", replacing Leyla Milani, who was inactive due to scheduling issues. She was also one of the 20 wrestlers competing in the "Hoedown Throwdown" 20-girl battle royal to determine the two contenders for the Wrestlicious Takedown title.
Women Superstars Uncensored (2007–present).
In 2007, Bayless joined Women Superstars Uncensored. She quickly began a feud with Alicia that included a no DQ match and a last woman standing match, both won by Alicia. She would later feud with both Dawn Marie and Rick Cataldo. She left WSU in mid-2010 when she signed with TNA in the middle of 2010 but as soon as she left TNA, she returned to WSU in November 2011 to resume her feud with Rick Cataldo, defeating him on WSU iPPV. Bayless quickly got a shot at the WSU Spirit Championship but was defeated by Jessicka Havok. At the "WSU's 5th Anniversary Show" pay-per-view, Bayless lost to Jennifer Cruz after Cruz used the ropes.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (2010–2011).
At the August 10, 2010, tapings of "Impact!" Treston, working under the name Cookie with a gimmick inspired by the television show "Jersey Shore", managed Robbie E in a dark match, where he defeated Jeremy Buck. On August 18 it was reported that TNA had signed Treston to a contract. On the August 26 edition of "Impact!", vignettes began airing to promote Cookie's and Robbie E's upcoming debuts. Prior to their televised debuts, Cookie and Robbie E made an appearance on September 24 at TNA's live event at The Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, interrupting Jeremy Borash and insulting the crowd, before Robbie was defeated in a match by Rhino. At the following day's event in Rahway, New Jersey, Cookie and Robbie interrupted Mick Foley, before Robbie was again defeated in a match against Rhino, with Foley serving as the special guest referee. Robbie and Cookie made their televised debuts on the October 7 live episode of "Impact!", cutting a promo insulting the Florida crowd. The following Sunday at Bound for Glory the two made their pay-per-view debuts, when Robbie attacked X Division Champion Jay Lethal after his title match with Douglas Williams, claiming he was a disgrace to New Jersey. Cookie and Robbie gained mainstream attention on the following edition of "Impact!", when Cookie had a cat fight with "Jersey Shore" cast member Jenni "JWoww" Farley. On November 7 at Turning Point, Cookie helped Robbie defeat Jay Lethal to win the TNA X Division Championship. On the following edition of "Impact!" Cookie made her televised in-ring debut in a tag team match, where she and Robbie defeated Lethal and Taylor Wilde. On the December 16 edition of "Impact!", Robbie lost the X Division Championship back to Lethal, after Christy Hemme came out and prevented Cookie from interfering in the match. In February 2011 Cookie and Robbie became embroiled in a feud with X Division Champion Kazarian and his wife Traci Brooks. On the March 3 edition of "Impact!" Cookie and Robbie aligned themselves with former "Jersey Shore" cast member Angelina Pivarnick, with whom they bonded through their mutual dislike of Jenni "JWoww" Farley, whom Pivarnick proceeded to challenge to a match. The following week Cookie teamed with Pivarnick and Sarita in a six knockout tag team match, where they were defeated by Angelina Love, Velvet Sky and Winter. On the August 11 edition of "Impact Wrestling", Robbie broke up with Cookie, after she inadvertently cost him his match against X Division Champion Brian Kendrick. On August 26, Treston announced that she had parted ways with TNA, reportedly after the promotion decided not to renew her contract.
Personal life.
On December 31, 2004 Bayless was involved in a severe automobile accident. Bayless suffered internal bruising, a sprained ankle, nerve damage to her neck and also injured her rotator cuff as a result. Prior to this Bayless was planning to study overseas in Europe and as a result these plans were cancelled.
In wrestling.
Wrestlers managed.
Bayless has acted as a manager and valet to over thirty wrestlers, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18993790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993790" title="Schwarzsee (Oberems)">
Schwarzsee (Oberems)

Schwarzsee is a mountain lake in the canton of Valais, Switzerland. It is located at an elevation of 2611 m, below Bella Tola (3025 m) and Brunnethorn (2952 m), above the Turtmanntal. It is part of the municipality of Oberems.

</doc>
<doc id="18993798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993798" title="Beata Mikołajczyk">
Beata Mikołajczyk

Beata Mikołajczyk (born in 15 October 1985 in Bydgoszcz) is a Polish sprint canoer who has competed since the late 2000s. She won the silver medal in K-2 500 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She won the bronze medal in K-2 500 m event at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
Mikołajczyk also won a gold in the K-2 1000 m event at the 2009 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Dartmouth.
For her sport achievements, she received: <br>

</doc>
<doc id="18993807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993807" title="Malati Ghoshal">
Malati Ghoshal

Malati Ghoshal (née Bose) () (December 17, 1902-July 17, 1984) was an Indian Rabindra Sangeet singer.
Malati Ghoshal was born in Kolkata to Hemendra Mohan Bose, a businessman. She learnt "Tappa" from Manada Sundari Dasi, "Kirtan" from Purnakumari Dasi, Indian Classical Music from Gopeshwar Bandyopadhyay, Surendranath Bandyopadhyay and Shyam Sundar Mitra. She also played Sitar well. She was married to Sushanta Ghoshal in 1935 and after that her musical career flourished. She became a known figure in private soirees and Brahmo ceremonies. She used to sung duets with her husband also. Her first gramophone record, containing two Tagore Songs, "Ke Bosile Aji" and "Hridayo Basona Purno Holo", was released in 1940. Her second and last gramophone record, containing two other Tagore Songs, "E Parabase Rabe Ke" and "Jodi E Amaro Hridayo Duaro", was released in 1952. These four songs made her popular in those days. She lost her husband in 1952 and after that she gave up singing.

</doc>
<doc id="18993809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993809" title="List of New Zealand rugby union Test matches">
List of New Zealand rugby union Test matches


</doc>
<doc id="18993814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993814" title="Victor Township">
Victor Township

Victor Township may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="18993816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993816" title="Solid">
Solid

Solid is one of the four fundamental states of matter (the others being liquid, gas, and plasma). It is characterized by structural rigidity and resistance to changes of shape or volume. Unlike a liquid, a solid object does not flow to take on the shape of its container, nor does it expand to fill the entire volume available to it like a gas does. The atoms in a solid are tightly bound to each other, either in a regular geometric lattice (crystalline solids, which include metals and ordinary ice) or irregularly (an amorphous solid such as common window glass).
The branch of physics that deals with solids is called solid-state physics, and is the main branch of condensed matter physics (which also includes liquids). Materials science is primarily concerned with the physical and chemical properties of solids. Solid-state chemistry is especially concerned with the synthesis of novel materials, as well as the science of identification and chemical composition.
Microscopic description.
The atoms, molecules or ions which make up a solid may be arranged in an orderly repeating pattern, or irregularly. Materials whose constituents are arranged in a regular pattern are known as crystals. In some cases, the regular ordering can continue unbroken over a large scale, for example diamonds, where each diamond is a single crystal. Solid objects that are large enough to see and handle are rarely composed of a single crystal, but instead are made of a large number of single crystals, known as crystallites, whose size can vary from a few nanometers to several meters. Such materials are called polycrystalline. Almost all common metals, and many ceramics, are polycrystalline.
In other materials, there is no long-range order in the position of the atoms. These solids are known as amorphous solids; examples include polystyrene and glass.
Whether a solid is crystalline or amorphous depends on the material involved, and the conditions in which it was formed. Solids which are formed by slow cooling will tend to be crystalline, while solids which are frozen rapidly are more likely to be amorphous. Likewise, the specific crystal structure adopted by a crystalline solid depends on the material involved and on how it was formed.
While many common objects, such as an ice cube or a coin, are chemically identical throughout, many other common materials comprise a number of different substances packed together. For example, a typical rock is an aggregate of several different minerals and mineraloids, with no specific chemical composition. Wood is a natural organic material consisting primarily of cellulose fibers embedded in a matrix of organic lignin. In materials science, composites of more than one constituent material can be designed to have desired properties.
Classes of solids.
The forces between the atoms in a solid can take a variety of forms. For example, a crystal of sodium chloride (common salt) is made up of ionic sodium and chlorine, which are held together by ionic bonds. In diamond or silicon, the atoms share electrons and form covalent bonds. In metals, electrons are shared in metallic bonding. Some solids, particularly most organic compounds, are held together with van der Waals forces resulting from the polarization of the electronic charge cloud on each molecule. The dissimilarities between the types of solid result from the differences between their bonding.
Metals.
Metals typically are strong, dense, and good conductors of both electricity and heat. 
The bulk of the elements in the periodic table, those to the left of a diagonal line drawn from boron to polonium, are metals.
Mixtures of two or more elements in which the major component is a metal are known as alloys.
People have been using metals for a variety of purposes since prehistoric times.
The strength and reliability of metals has led to their widespread use in construction of buildings and other structures, as well as in most vehicles, many appliances and tools, pipes, road signs and railroad tracks. Iron and aluminium are the two most commonly used structural metals, and they are also the most abundant metals in the Earth's crust. Iron is most commonly used in the form of an alloy, steel, which contains up to 2.1% carbon, making it much harder than pure iron.
Because metals are good conductors of electricity, they are valuable in electrical appliances and for carrying an electric current over long distances with little energy loss or dissipation. Thus, electrical power grids rely on metal cables to distribute electricity. Home electrical systems, for example, are wired with copper for its good conducting properties and easy machinability. The high thermal conductivity of most metals also makes them useful for stovetop cooking utensils.
The study of metallic elements and their alloys makes up a significant portion of the fields of solid-state chemistry, physics, materials science and engineering. 
Metallic solids are held together by a high density of shared, delocalized electrons, known as "metallic bonding". In a metal, atoms readily lose their outermost ("valence") electrons, forming positive ions. The free electrons are spread over the entire solid, which is held together firmly by electrostatic interactions between the ions and the electron cloud. The large number of free electrons gives metals their high values of electrical and thermal conductivity. The free electrons also prevent transmission of visible light, making metals opaque, shiny and lustrous.
More advanced models of metal properties consider the effect of the positive ions cores on the delocalised electrons. As most metals have crystalline structure, those ions are usually arranged into a periodic lattice. Mathematically, the potential of the ion cores can be treated by various models, the simplest being the nearly free electron model.
Minerals.
Minerals are naturally occurring solids formed through various geological processes under high pressures. To be classified as a true mineral, a substance must have a crystal structure with uniform physical properties throughout. Minerals range in composition from pure elements and simple salts to very complex silicates with thousands of known forms. In contrast, a rock sample is a random aggregate of minerals and/or mineraloids, and has no specific chemical composition. The vast majority of the rocks of the Earth's crust consist of quartz (crystalline SiO2), feldspar, mica, chlorite, kaolin, calcite, epidote, olivine, augite, hornblende, magnetite, hematite, limonite and a few other minerals. Some minerals, like quartz, mica or feldspar are common, while others have been found in only a few locations worldwide. The largest group of minerals by far is the silicates (most rocks are ≥95% silicates), which are composed largely of silicon and oxygen, with the addition of ions of aluminium, magnesium, iron, calcium and other metals.
Ceramics.
Ceramic solids are composed of inorganic compounds, usually oxides of chemical elements. They are chemically inert, and often are capable of withstanding chemical erosion that occurs in an acidic or caustic environment. Ceramics generally can withstand high temperatures ranging from 1000 to 1600 °C (1800 to 3000 °F). Exceptions include non-oxide inorganic materials, such as nitrides, borides and carbides.
Traditional ceramic raw materials include clay minerals such as kaolinite, more recent materials include aluminium oxide (alumina). The modern ceramic materials, which are classified as advanced ceramics, include silicon carbide and tungsten carbide. Both are valued for their abrasion resistance, and hence find use in such applications as the wear plates of crushing equipment in mining operations. 
Most ceramic materials, such as alumina and its compounds, are formed from fine powders, yielding a fine grained polycrystalline microstructure which is filled with light scattering centers comparable to the wavelength of visible light. Thus, they are generally opaque materials, as opposed to transparent materials. Recent nanoscale (e.g. sol-gel) technology has, however, made possible the production of polycrystalline transparent ceramics such as transparent alumina and alumina compounds for such applications as high-power lasers. Advanced ceramics are also used in the medicine, electrical and electronics industries.
Ceramic engineering is the science and technology of creating solid-state ceramic materials, parts and devices. This is done either by the action of heat, or, at lower temperatures, using precipitation reactions from chemical solutions. The term includes the purification of raw materials, the study and production of the chemical compounds concerned, their formation into components, and the study of their structure, composition and properties. 
Mechanically speaking, ceramic materials are brittle, hard, strong in compression and weak in shearing and tension. Brittle materials may exhibit significant tensile strength by supporting a static load. Toughness indicates how much energy a material can absorb before mechanical failure, while fracture toughness (denoted KIc ) describes the ability of a material with inherent microstructural flaws to resist fracture via crack growth and propagation. If a material has a large value of fracture toughness, the basic principles of fracture mechanics suggest that it will most likely undergo ductile fracture. Brittle fracture is very characteristic of most ceramic and glass-ceramic materials which typically exhibit low (and inconsistent) values of KIc. 
For example of applications of ceramics, the extreme hardness of Zirconia is utilized in the manufacture of knife blades, as well as other industrial cutting tools. Ceramics such as alumina, boron carbide and silicon carbide have been used in bulletproof vests to repel large-caliber rifle fire. Silicon nitride parts are used in ceramic ball bearings, where their high hardness makes them wear resistant. In general, ceramics are also chemically resistant and can be used in wet environments where steel bearings would be susceptible to oxidation (or rust). 
As another example of ceramic applications, in the early 1980s, Toyota researched production of an adiabatic ceramic engine with an operating temperature of over 6000 °F (3300 °C). Ceramic engines do not require a cooling system and hence allow a major weight reduction and therefore greater fuel efficiency. In a conventional metallic engine, much of the energy released from the fuel must be dissipated as waste heat in order to prevent a meltdown of the metallic parts. Work is also being done in developing ceramic parts for gas turbine engines. Turbine engines made with ceramics could operate more efficiently, giving aircraft greater range and payload for a set amount of fuel. However, such engines are not in production because the manufacturing of ceramic parts in the sufficient precision and durability is difficult and costly. Processing methods often result in a wide distribution of microscopic flaws which frequently play a detrimental role in the sintering process, resulting in the proliferation of cracks, and ultimate mechanical failure.
Glass ceramics.
Glass-ceramic materials share many properties with both non-crystalline glasses and crystalline ceramics. They are formed as a glass, and then partially crystallized by heat treatment, producing both amorphous and crystalline phases so that crystalline grains are embedded within a non-crystalline intergranular phase.
Glass-ceramics are used to make cookware (originally known by the brand name CorningWare) and stovetops which have both high resistance to thermal shock and extremely low permeability to liquids. The negative coefficient of thermal expansion of the crystalline ceramic phase can be balanced with the positive coefficient of the glassy phase. At a certain point (~70% crystalline) the glass-ceramic has a net coefficient of thermal expansion close to zero. This type of glass-ceramic exhibits excellent mechanical properties and can sustain repeated and quick temperature changes up to 1000 °C.
Glass ceramics may also occur naturally when lightning strikes the crystalline (e.g. quartz) grains found in most beach sand. In this case, the extreme and immediate heat of the lightning (~2500 °C) creates hollow, branching rootlike structures called fulgurite via fusion.
Organic solids.
Organic chemistry studies the structure, properties, composition, reactions, and preparation by synthesis (or other means) of chemical compounds of carbon and hydrogen, which may contain any number of other elements such as nitrogen, oxygen and the halogens: fluorine, chlorine, bromine and iodine. Some organic compounds may also contain the elements phosphorus or sulfur. Examples of organic solids include wood, paraffin wax, naphthalene and a wide variety of polymers and plastics.
Wood.
Wood is a natural organic material consisting primarily of cellulose fibers embedded in a matrix of lignin. Regarding mechanical properties, the fibers are strong in tension, and the lignin matrix resists compression. Thus wood has been an important construction material since humans began building shelters and using boats. Wood to be used for construction work is commonly known as "lumber" or "timber". In construction, wood is not only a structural material, but is also used to form the mould for concrete.
Wood-based materials are also extensively used for packaging (e.g. cardboard) and paper which are both created from the refined pulp. The chemical pulping processes use a combination of high temperature and alkaline (kraft) or acidic (sulfite) chemicals to break the chemical bonds of the lignin before burning it out.
Polymers.
One important property of carbon in organic chemistry is that it can form certain compounds, the individual molecules of which are capable of attaching themselves to one another, thereby forming a chain or a network. The process is called polymerization and the chains or networks polymers, while the source compound is a monomer. Two main groups of polymers exist: those artificially manufactured are referred to as industrial polymers or synthetic polymers (plastics) and those naturally occurring as biopolymers.
Monomers can have various chemical substituents, or functional groups, which can affect the chemical properties of organic compounds, such as solubility and chemical reactivity, as well as the physical properties, such as hardness, density, mechanical or tensile strength, abrasion resistance, heat resistance, transparency, color, etc.. In proteins, these differences give the polymer the ability to adopt a biologically active conformation in preference to others (see self-assembly).
People have been using natural organic polymers for centuries in the form of waxes and shellac which is classified as a thermoplastic polymer. A plant polymer named cellulose provided the tensile strength for natural fibers and ropes, and by the early 19th century natural rubber was in widespread use. Polymers are the raw materials (the resins) used to make what are commonly called plastics. Plastics are the final product, created after one or more polymers or additives have been added to a resin during processing, which is then shaped into a final form. Polymers which have been around, and which are in current widespread use, include carbon-based polyethylene, polypropylene, polyvinyl chloride, polystyrene, nylons, polyesters, acrylics, polyurethane, and polycarbonates, and silicon-based silicones. Plastics are generally classified as "commodity", "specialty" and "engineering" plastics.
Composite materials.
Composite materials contain two or more macroscopic phases, one of which is often ceramic. For example, a continuous matrix, and a dispersed phase of ceramic particles or fibers. 
Applications of composite materials range from structural elements such as steel-reinforced concrete, to the thermally insulative tiles which play a key and integral role in NASA's Space Shuttle thermal protection system which is used to protect the surface of the shuttle from the heat of re-entry into the Earth's atmosphere. One example is Reinforced Carbon-Carbon (RCC), the light gray material which withstands reentry temperatures up to 1510 °C (2750 °F) and protects the nose cap and leading edges of Space Shuttle's wings. RCC is a laminated composite material made from graphite rayon cloth and impregnated with a phenolic resin. After curing at high temperature in an autoclave, the laminate is pyrolized to convert the resin to carbon, impregnated with furfural alcohol in a vacuum chamber, and cured/pyrolized to convert the furfural alcohol to carbon. In order to provide oxidation resistance for reuse capability, the outer layers of the RCC are converted to silicon carbide. 
Domestic examples of composites can be seen in the "plastic" casings of television sets, cell-phones and so on. These plastic casings are usually a composite made up of a thermoplastic matrix such as acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS) in which calcium carbonate chalk, talc, glass fibers or carbon fibers have been added for strength, bulk, or electro-static dispersion. These additions may be referred to as reinforcing fibers, or dispersants, depending on their purpose. 
Thus, the matrix material surrounds and supports the reinforcement materials by maintaining their relative positions. The reinforcements impart their special mechanical and physical properties to enhance the matrix properties. A synergism produces material properties unavailable from the individual constituent materials, while the wide variety of matrix and strengthening materials provides the designer with the choice of an optimum combination.
Semiconductors.
Semiconductors are materials that have an electrical resistivity (and conductivity) between that of metallic conductors and non-metallic insulators. They can be found in the periodic table moving diagonally downward right from boron. They separate the electrical conductors (or metals, to the left) from the insulators (to the right).
Devices made from semiconductor materials are the foundation of modern electronics, including radio, computers, telephones, etc. Semiconductor devices include the transistor, solar cells, diodes and integrated circuits. Solar photovoltaic panels are large semiconductor devices that directly convert light into electrical energy. 
In a metallic conductor, current is carried by the flow of electrons", but in semiconductors, current can be carried either by electrons or by the positively charged "holes" in the electronic band structure of the material. Common semiconductor materials include silicon, germanium and gallium arsenide.
Nanomaterials.
Many traditional solids exhibit different properties when they shrink to nanometer sizes. For example, nanoparticles of usually yellow gold and gray silicon are red in color; gold nanoparticles melt at much lower temperatures (~300 °C for 2.5 nm size) than the gold slabs (1064 °C); and metallic nanowires are much stronger than the corresponding bulk metals. The high surface area of nanoparticles makes them extremely attractive for certain applications in the field of energy. For example, platinum metals may be provide improvements as automotive fuel catalysts, as well as proton exchange membrane (PEM) fuel cells. Also, ceramic oxides (or cermets) of lanthanum, cerium, manganese and nickel are now being developed as solid oxide fuel cells (SOFC). Lithium, lithium–titanate and tantalum nanoparticles are being applied in lithium ion batteries. Silicon nanoparticles have been shown to dramatically expand the storage capacity of lithium ion batteries during the expansion/contraction cycle. Silicon nanowires cycle without significant degradation and present the potential for use in batteries with greatly expanded storage times. Silicon nanoparticles are also being used in new forms of solar energy cells. Thin film deposition of silicon quantum dots on the polycrystalline silicon substrate of a photovoltaic (solar) cell increases voltage output as much as 60% by fluorescing the incoming light prior to capture. Here again, surface area of the nanoparticles (and thin films) plays a critical role in maximizing the amount of absorbed radiation.
Biomaterials.
Many natural (or biological) materials are complex composites with remarkable mechanical properties. These complex structures, which have risen from hundreds of million years of evolution, are inspiring materials scientists in the design of novel materials. Their defining characteristics include structural hierarchy, multifunctionality and self-healing capability. Self-organization is also a fundamental feature of many biological materials and the manner by which the structures are assembled from the molecular level up. Thus, self-assembly is emerging as a new strategy in the chemical synthesis of high performance biomaterials.
Physical properties.
Physical properties of elements and compounds which provide conclusive evidence of chemical composition include odor, color, volume, density (mass per unit volume), melting point, boiling point, heat capacity, physical form and shape at room temperature (solid, liquid or gas; cubic, trigonal crystals, etc.), hardness, porosity, index of refraction and many others. This section discusses some physical properties of materials in the solid state.
Mechanical.
The mechanical properties of materials describe characteristics such as their strength and resistance to deformation. For example, steel beams are used in construction because of their high strength, meaning that they neither break nor bend significantly under the applied load.
Mechanical properties include elasticity and plasticity, tensile strength, compressive strength, shear strength, fracture toughness, ductility (low in brittle materials), and indentation hardness. Solid mechanics is the study of the behavior of solid matter under external actions such as external forces and temperature changes.
A solid does not exhibit macroscopic flow, as fluids do. Any degree of departure from its original shape is called deformation. The proportion of deformation to original size is called strain. If the applied stress is sufficiently low, almost all solid materials behave in such a way that the strain is directly proportional to the stress (Hooke's law). The coefficient of the proportion is called the modulus of elasticity or Young's modulus. This region of deformation is known as the linearly elastic region. Three models can describe how a solid responds to an applied stress:
Many materials become weaker at high temperatures. Materials which retain their strength at high temperatures, called refractory materials, are useful for many purposes. For example, glass-ceramics have become extremely useful for countertop cooking, as they exhibit excellent mechanical properties and can sustain repeated and quick temperature changes up to 1000 °C.
In the aerospace industry, high performance materials used in the design of aircraft and/or spacecraft exteriors must have a high resistance to thermal shock. Thus, synthetic fibers spun out of organic polymers and polymer/ceramic/metal composite materials and fiber-reinforced polymers are now being designed with this purpose in mind.
Thermal.
Because solids have thermal energy, their atoms vibrate about fixed mean positions within the ordered (or disordered) lattice. The spectrum of lattice vibrations in a crystalline or glassy network provides the foundation for the kinetic theory of solids. This motion occurs at the atomic level, and thus cannot be observed or detected without highly specialized equipment, such as that used in spectroscopy.
Thermal properties of solids include thermal conductivity, which is the property of a material that indicates its ability to conduct heat. Solids also have a specific heat capacity, which is the capacity of a material to store energy in the form of heat (or thermal lattice vibrations).
Electrical.
Electrical properties include conductivity, resistance, impedance and capacitance. Electrical conductors such as metals and alloys are contrasted with electrical insulators such as glasses and ceramics. Semiconductors behave somewhere in between. Whereas conductivity in metals is caused by electrons, both electrons and holes contribute to current in semiconductors. Alternatively, ions support electric current in ionic conductors.
Many materials also exhibit superconductivity at low temperatures; they include metallic elements such as tin and aluminium, various metallic alloys, some heavily doped semiconductors, and certain ceramics. The electrical resistivity of most electrical (metallic) conductors generally decreases gradually as the temperature is lowered, but remains finite. In a superconductor however, the resistance drops abruptly to zero when the material is cooled below its critical temperature. An electric current flowing in a loop of superconducting wire can persist indefinitely with no power source.
A dielectric, or electrical insulator, is a substance that is highly resistant to the flow of electric current. A dielectric, such as plastic, tends to concentrate an applied electric field within itself which property is used in capacitors. A capacitor is an electrical device that can store energy in the electric field between a pair of closely spaced conductors (called 'plates'). When voltage is applied to the capacitor, electric charges of equal magnitude, but opposite polarity, build up on each plate. Capacitors are used in electrical circuits as energy-storage devices, as well as in electronic filters to differentiate between high-frequency and low-frequency signals.
Electro-mechanical.
Piezoelectricity is the ability of crystals to generate a voltage in response to an applied mechanical stress. The piezoelectric effect is reversible in that piezoelectric crystals, when subjected to an externally applied voltage, can change shape by a small amount. Polymer materials like rubber, wool, hair, wood fiber, and silk often behave as electrets. For example, the polymer polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF) exhibits a piezoelectric response several times larger than the traditional piezoelectric material quartz (crystalline SiO2). The deformation (~0.1%) lends itself to useful technical applications such as high-voltage sources, loudspeakers, lasers, as well as chemical, biological, and acousto-optic sensors and/or transducers.
Optical.
Materials can transmit (e.g. glass) or reflect (e.g. metals) visible light.
Many materials will transmit some wavelengths while blocking others. For example, window glass is transparent to visible light, but much less so to most of the frequencies of ultraviolet light that cause sunburn. This property is used for frequency-selective optical filters, which can alter the color of incident light.
For some purposes, both the optical and mechanical properties of a material can be of interest. For example, the sensors on an infrared homing ("heat-seeking") missile must be protected by a cover which is transparent to infrared radiation. The current material of choice for high-speed infrared-guided missile domes is single-crystal sapphire. The optical transmission of sapphire does not actually extend to cover the entire mid-infrared range (3–5 µm), but starts to drop off at wavelengths greater than approximately 4.5 µm at room temperature. While the strength of sapphire is better than that of other available mid-range infrared dome materials at room temperature, it weakens above 600 °C. A long standing trade-off exists between optical bandpass and mechanical durability; new materials such as transparent ceramics or optical nanocomposites may provide improved performance.
Guided lightwave transmission involves the field of fiber optics and the ability of certain glasses to transmit, simultaneously and with low loss of intensity, a range of frequencies (multi-mode optical waveguides) with little interference between them. Optical waveguides are used as components in integrated optical circuits or as the transmission medium in optical communication systems.
Opto-electronic.
A solar cell or photovoltaic cell is a device that converts light energy into electrical energy. Fundamentally, the device needs to fulfill only two functions: photo-generation of charge carriers (electrons and holes) in a light-absorbing material, and separation of the charge carriers to a conductive contact that will transmit the electricity (simply put, carrying electrons off through a metal contact into an external circuit). This conversion is called the photoelectric effect, and the field of research related to solar cells is known as photovoltaics. 
Solar cells have many applications. They have long been used in situations where electrical power from the grid is unavailable, such as in remote area power systems, Earth-orbiting satellites and space probes, handheld calculators, wrist watches, remote radiotelephones and water pumping applications. More recently, they are starting to be used in assemblies of solar modules (photovoltaic arrays) connected to the electricity grid through an inverter, that is not to act as a sole supply but as an additional electricity source.
All solar cells require a light absorbing material contained within the cell structure to absorb photons and generate electrons via the photovoltaic effect. The materials used in solar cells tend to have the property of preferentially absorbing the wavelengths of solar light that reach the earth surface. However, some solar cells are optimized for light absorption beyond Earth's atmosphere as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18993818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993818" title="José Guerra">
José Guerra

José Antonio Guerra Oliva (born August 9, 1979 in Santiago de Cuba) is a male diver from Cuba. He represented his native country at four consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2000 (Sydney, Australia). Guerra won a gold and three silver medals at Pan American Games during his career.He also won 2 gold medals at Central American Games becoming the only Cuban male diver in history achieving this. The Cuban diver is the only diver in his country to win a gold medal at World University Games in 1999 Palma de Mallorca adding a silver and a bronze in Beijing in 2001. Being the only Cuban diver to lead the Diving World Ranking in the history, back in 2005. Winner of Forty (40) medals at the Diving Grand Prix and 130 medals total along his career (until April 2011) (98 in international events and 32 in nationals), and is considered the best diver in Cuba of all times.His coach is Lino Socorro Aleman, from Matanzas, Cuba, proudly co-owner of the 95% of these titles.

</doc>
<doc id="18993825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993825" title="Liquid">
Liquid

Liquid is one of the four fundamental states of matter (the others being solid, gas, and plasma), and is the only state with a definite volume but no fixed shape. A liquid is made up of tiny vibrating particles of matter, such as atoms and molecules, held together by intermolecular bonds. Water is, by far, the most common liquid on Earth. Like a gas, a liquid is able to flow and take the shape of a container. Some liquids resist compression, while others can be compressed. Unlike a gas, a liquid does not disperse to fill every space of a container, and maintains a fairly constant density. A distinctive property of the liquid state is surface tension, leading to wetting phenomena.
The density of a liquid is usually close to that of a solid, and much higher than in a gas. Therefore, liquid and solid are both termed condensed matter. On the other hand, as liquids and gases share the ability to flow, they are both called fluids. Although liquid water is abundant on Earth, this state of matter is actually the least common in the known universe, because liquids require a relatively narrow temperature/pressure range to exist. Most known matter in the universe is in gaseous form (with traces of detectable solid matter) as interstellar clouds or in plasma form within stars.
Introduction.
Liquid is one of the four primary states of matter, with the others being solid, gas and plasma. A liquid is a fluid. Unlike a solid, the molecules in a liquid have a much greater freedom to move. The forces that bind the molecules together in a solid are only temporary in a liquid, allowing a liquid to flow while a solid remains rigid.
A liquid, like a gas, displays the properties of a fluid. A liquid can flow, assume the shape of a container, and, if placed in a sealed container, will distribute applied pressure evenly to every surface in the container. Unlike a gas, a liquid may not always mix readily with another liquid, will not always fill every space in the container, forming its own surface, and will not compress significantly, except under extremely high pressures. These properties make a liquid suitable for applications such as hydraulics.
Liquid particles are bound firmly but not rigidly. They are able to move around one another freely, resulting in a limited degree of particle mobility. As the temperature increases, the increased vibrations of the molecules causes distances between the molecules to increase. When a liquid reaches its boiling point, the cohesive forces that bind the molecules closely together break, and the liquid changes to its gaseous state (unless superheating occurs). If the temperature is decreased, the distances between the molecules become smaller. When the liquid reaches its freezing point the molecules will usually lock into a very specific order, called crystallizing, and the bonds between them become more rigid, changing the liquid into its solid state (unless supercooling occurs).
Examples.
Only two elements are liquid at standard conditions for temperature and pressure: mercury and bromine. Four more elements have melting points slightly above room temperature: francium, caesium, gallium and rubidium. Metal alloys that are liquid at room temperature include NaK, a sodium-potassium metal alloy, galinstan, a fusible alloy liquid, and some amalgams (alloys involving mercury).
Pure substances that are liquid under normal conditions include water, ethanol and many other organic solvents. Liquid water is of vital importance in chemistry and biology; it is believed to be a necessity for the existence of life.
Inorganic liquids include water, inorganic nonaqueous solvents and many acids.
Important everyday liquids include aqueous solutions like household bleach, other mixtures of different substances such as mineral oil and gasoline, emulsions like vinaigrette or mayonnaise, suspensions like blood, and colloids like paint and milk.
Many gases can be liquefied by cooling, producing liquids such as liquid oxygen, liquid nitrogen, liquid hydrogen and liquid helium. Not all gases can be liquified at atmospheric pressure, for example carbon dioxide can only be liquified at pressures above 5.1 atm.
Some materials cannot be classified within the classical three states of matter; they possess solid-like and liquid-like properties. Examples include liquid crystals, used in LCD displays, and biological membranes.
Applications.
Liquids have a variety of uses, as lubricants, solvents, and coolants. In hydraulic systems, liquid is used to transmit power.
In tribology, liquids are studied for their properties as lubricants. Lubricants such as oil are chosen for viscosity and flow characteristics that are suitable throughout the operating temperature range of the component. Oils are often used in engines, gear boxes, metalworking, and hydraulic systems for their good lubrication properties.
Many liquids are used as solvents, to dissolve other liquids or solids. Solutions are found in a wide variety of applications, including paints, sealants, and adhesives. Naptha and acetone are used frequently in industry to clean oil, grease, and tar from parts and machinery. Body fluids are water based solutions.
Surfactants are commonly found in soaps and detergents. Solvents like alcohol are often used as antimicrobials. They are found in cosmetics, inks, and liquid dye lasers. They are used in the food industry, in processes such as the extraction of vegetable oil. 
Liquids tend to have better thermal conductivity than gases, and the ability to flow makes a liquid suitable for removing excess heat from mechanical components. The heat can be removed by channeling the liquid through a heat exchanger, such as a radiator, or the heat can be removed with the liquid during evaporation. Water or glycol coolants are used to keep engines from overheating. The coolants used in nuclear reactors include water or liquid metals, such as sodium or bismuth. Liquid propellant films are used to cool the thrust chambers of rockets. In machining, water and oils are used to remove the excess heat generated, which can quickly ruin both the work piece and the tooling. During perspiration, sweat removes heat from the human body by evaporating. In the heating, ventilation, and air-conditioning industry (HVAC), liquids such as water are used to transfer heat from one area to another.
Liquid is the primary component of hydraulic systems, which take advantage of Pascal's law to provide fluid power. Devices such as pumps and waterwheels have been used to change liquid motion into mechanical work since ancient times. Oils are forced through hydraulic pumps, which transmit this force to hydraulic cylinders. Hydraulics can be found in many applications, such as automotive brakes and transmissions, heavy equipment, and airplane control systems. Various hydraulic presses are used extensively in repair and manufacturing, for lifting, pressing, clamping and forming.
Liquids are sometimes used in measuring devices. A thermometer often uses the thermal expansion of liquids, such as mercury, combined with their ability to flow to indicate temperature. A manometer uses the weight of the liquid to indicate air pressure.
Mechanical properties.
Volume.
Quantities of liquids are commonly measured in units of volume. These include the SI unit cubic metre (m3) and its divisions, in particular the cubic decimetre, more commonly called the litre (1 dm3 = 1 L = 0.001 m3), and the cubic centimetre, also called millilitre (1 cm3 = 1 mL = 0.001 L = 10−6 m3).
The volume of a quantity of liquid is fixed by its temperature and pressure. Liquids generally expand when heated, and contract when cooled. Water between 0 °C and 4 °C is a notable exception.
Liquids have little compressibility: water, for example, requires a pressure of the order of 200 bar to increase its density by 1/1000. In the study of fluid dynamics, liquids are often treated as incompressible, especially when studying incompressible flow.
Pressure and buoyancy.
In a gravitational field, liquids exert pressure on the sides of a container as well as on anything within the liquid itself. This pressure is transmitted in all directions and increases with depth. If a liquid is at rest in a uniform gravitational field, the pressure, "p", at any depth, "z", is given by
where:
Note that this formula assumes that the pressure "at" the free surface is zero, and that surface tension effects may be neglected.
Objects immersed in liquids are subject to the phenomenon of buoyancy. (Buoyancy is also observed in other fluids, but is especially strong in liquids due to their high density.)
Surfaces.
Unless the volume of a liquid exactly matches the volume of its container, one or more surfaces are observed. The surface of a liquid behaves like an elastic membrane in which surface tension appears, allowing the formation of drops and bubbles. Surface waves, capillary action, wetting, and ripples are other consequences of surface tension.
Flow.
Viscosity measures the resistance of a liquid which is being deformed by either shear stress or extensional stress.
When a liquid is supercooled towards the glass transition, the viscosity increases dramatically. The liquid then becomes a viscoelastic medium that shows both the elasticity of a solid and the fluidity of a liquid, depending on the time scale of observation or on the frequency of perturbation.
Sound propagation.
In a fluid the only non-zero stiffness is to volumetric deformation (a fluid does not sustain shear forces). Hence the speed of sound in a fluid is given by
formula_4 where "K" is the bulk modulus of the fluid, and "ρ" the density. To give a typical value, in fresh water "c"=1497 m/s at 25 °C.
Thermodynamics.
Phase transitions.
At a temperature below the boiling point, any matter in liquid form will evaporate until the condensation of gas above reach an equilibrium. At this point the gas will condense at the same rate as the liquid evaporates. Thus, a liquid cannot exist permanently if the evaporated liquid is continually removed. A liquid at its boiling point will evaporate more quickly than the gas can condense at the current pressure. A liquid at or above its boiling point will normally boil, though superheating can prevent this in certain circumstances.
At a temperature below the freezing point, a liquid will tend to crystallize, changing to its solid form. Unlike the transition to gas, there is no equilibrium at this transition under constant pressure, so unless supercooling occurs, the liquid will eventually completely crystallize. Note that this is only true under constant pressure, so e.g. water and ice in a closed, strong container might reach an equilibrium where both phases coexist. For the opposite transition from solid to liquid, see melting.
Solutions.
Liquids can display immiscibility. The most familiar mixture of two immiscible liquids in everyday life is the vegetable oil and water in Italian salad dressing. A familiar set of miscible liquids is water and alcohol. Liquid components in a mixture can often be separated from one another via fractional distillation.
Microscopic properties.
Static structure factor.
In a liquid, atoms do not form a crystalline lattice, nor do they show any other form of long-range order. This is evidenced by the absence of Bragg peaks in X-ray and neutron diffraction. Under normal conditions, the diffraction pattern has circular symmetry, expressing the isotropy of the liquid. In radial direction, the diffraction intensity smoothly oscillates. This is usually described by the static structure factor "S(q)", with wavenumber "q"=(4π/λ)sinθ given by the wavelength λ of the probe (photon or neutron) and the Bragg angle θ. The oscillations of "S(q)" express the "near order" of the liquid, i.e. the correlations between an atom and a few shells of nearest, second nearest, ... neighbors.
A more intuitive description of these correlations is given by the radial distribution function "g(r)", which is basically the Fourier transform of "S(q)". It represents a spatial average of a temporal snapshot of pair correlations in the liquid.
Sound dispersion and structural relaxation.
The above expression for the sound velocity formula_4 contains the bulk modulus "K". If "K" is frequency independent then the liquid behaves as a linear medium, so that sound propagates without dissipation and without mode coupling. In reality, any liquid shows some dispersion: with increasing frequency, "K" crosses over from the low-frequency, liquid-like limit formula_6 to the high-frequency, solid-like limit formula_7. In normal liquids, most of this cross over takes place at frequencies between GHz and THz, sometimes called hypersound.
At sub-GHz frequencies, a normal liquid cannot sustain shear waves: the zero-frequency limit of the shear modulus is formula_8. This is sometimes seen as the defining property of a liquid. 
However, just as the bulk modulus "K", the shear modulus "G" is frequency dependent,
and at hypersound frequencies it shows a similar cross over from the liquid-like limit formula_9 to a solid-like, non-zero limit formula_10.
According to the Kramers-Kronig relation, the dispersion in the sound velocity (given by the real part of "K" or "G") goes along with a maximum in the sound attenuation (dissipation, given by the imaginary part of "K" or "G"). According to linear response theory, the Fourier transform of "K" or "G" describes how the system returns to equilibrium after an external perturbation; for this reason, the dispersion step in the GHz..THz region is also called structural relaxation. According the fluctuation-dissipation theorem, relaxation "towards" equilibrium is intimately connected to fluctuations "in" equilibrium. The density fluctuations associated with sound waves can be experimentally observed by Brillouin scattering.
On supercooling a liquid towards the glass transition, the crossover from liquid-like to solid-like response moves from GHz to MHz, kHz, Hz, ...; equivalently, the characteristic time of structural relaxation increases from ns to μs, ms, s, ... This is the microscopic explanation for the above mentioned viscoelastic behaviour of glass-forming liquids.
Effects of association.
The mechanisms of atomic/molecular diffusion (or particle displacement) in solids are closely related to the mechanisms of viscous flow and solidification in liquid materials. Descriptions of viscosity in terms of molecular "free space" within the liquid
were modified as needed in order to account for liquids whose molecules are known to be "associated" in the liquid state at ordinary temperatures. When various molecules combine together to form an associated molecule, they enclose within a semi-rigid system a certain amount of space which before was available as free space for mobile molecules. Thus, increase in viscosity upon cooling due to the tendency of most substances to become "associated" on cooling.
Similar arguments could be used to describe the effects of pressure on viscosity, where it may be assumed that the viscosity is chiefly a function of the volume for liquids with a finite compressibility. An increasing viscosity with rise of pressure is therefore expected. In addition, if the volume is expanded by heat but reduced again by pressure, the viscosity remains the same.
The local tendency to orientation of molecules in small groups lends the liquid (as referred to previously) a certain degree of association. This association results in a considerable "internal pressure" within a liquid, which is due almost entirely to those molecules which, on account of their temporary low velocities (following the Maxwell distribution) have coalesced with other molecules. The internal pressure between several such molecules might correspond to that between a group of molecules in the solid form.

</doc>
<doc id="18993827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993827" title="Victory Township">
Victory Township

Victory Township may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="18993837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993837" title="UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's points race">
UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's points race

The UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's points race is the women's world championship points race event held annually at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships. Ingrid Haringa of the Netherlands is the most successful cyclist in the history of this event, with four gold medals.

</doc>
<doc id="18993845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993845" title="Schwarzsee (disambiguation)">
Schwarzsee (disambiguation)

Schwarzsee, a lake in the canton of Fribourg, Switzerland.
Schwarzsee may also refer to the following locations in Switzerland:

</doc>
<doc id="18993857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993857" title="Explosion">
Explosion

An explosion is a rapid increase in volume and release of energy in an extreme manner, usually with the generation of high temperatures and the release of gases. Supersonic explosions created by high explosives are known as detonations and travel via supersonic shock waves. Subsonic explosions are created by low explosives through a slower burning process known as deflagration. When caused by a man-made device such as an exploding rocket or firework, the audio component of an explosion is referred to as its "report" (which can also be used as a verb, i.e., "the rocket reported loudly upon impact".)
Causes.
Chemical.
The most common artificial explosives are chemical explosives, usually involving a rapid and violent oxidation reaction that produces large amounts of hot gas. Gunpowder was the first explosive to be discovered and put to use. Other notable early developments in chemical explosive technology were Frederick Augustus Abel's development of nitrocellulose in 1865 and Alfred Nobel's invention of dynamite in 1866. Chemical explosions (both intentional and accidental) are often initiated by an electric spark or flame. Accidental explosions may occur in fuel tanks, rocket engines, etc.
Properties of explosions.
Force.
Explosive force is released in a direction perpendicular to the surface of the explosive. If the surface is cut or shaped, the explosive forces can be focused to produce a greater local effect; this is known as a shaped charge.
Velocity.
The speed of the reaction is what distinguishes the explosive reaction from an ordinary combustion reaction . Unless the reaction occurs rapidly, the thermally expanded gases will be dissipated in the medium, and there will be no explosion. Again, consider a wood or coal fire. As the fire burns, there is the evolution of heat and the formation of gases, but neither is liberated rapidly enough to cause an explosion. This can be likened to the difference between the energy discharge of a battery, which is slow, and that of a flash capacitor like that in a camera flash, which releases its energy all at once.
Evolution of heat.
The generation of heat in large quantities accompanies most explosive chemical reactions. The exceptions are called entropic explosives and include organic peroxides such as acetone peroxide It is the rapid liberation of heat that causes the gaseous products of most explosive reactions to expand and generate high pressures. This rapid generation of high pressures of the released gas constitutes the explosion. The liberation of heat with insufficient rapidity will not cause an explosion. For example, although a unit mass of coal yields five times as much heat as a unit mass of nitroglycerin, the coal cannot be used as an explosive (except in the form of coal dust) because the rate at which it yields this heat is quite slow. In fact, a substance which burns less rapidly ("i.e." slow combustion) may actually evolve more total heat than an explosive which detonates rapidly ("i.e." fast combustion). In the former, slow combustion converts more of the internal energy ("i.e." chemical potential) of the burning substance into heat released to the surroundings, while in the latter, fast combustion ("i.e." detonation) instead converts more internal energy into work on the surroundings ("i.e." less internal energy converted into heat); "c.f." heat and work (thermodynamics) are equivalent forms of energy. See Heat of Combustion for a more thorough treatment of this topic.
When a chemical compound is formed from its constituents, heat may either be absorbed or released. The quantity of heat absorbed or given off during transformation is called the heat of formation. Heats of formations for solids and gases found in explosive reactions have been determined for a temperature of 25 °C and atmospheric pressure, and are normally given in units of kilojoules per gram-molecule. A negative value indicates that heat is absorbed during the formation of the compound from its elements; such a reaction is called an endothermic reaction. In explosive technology only materials that are exothermic—that have a net liberation of heat—are of interest. Reaction heat is measured under conditions either of constant pressure or constant volume. It is this heat of reaction that may be properly expressed as the "heat of explosion."
Initiation of reaction.
A chemical explosive is a compound or mixture which, upon the application of heat or shock, decomposes or rearranges with extreme rapidity, yielding much gas and heat. Many substances not ordinarily classed as explosives may do one, or even two, of these things.
A reaction must be capable of being initiated by the application of shock, heat, or a catalyst (in the case of some explosive chemical reactions) to a small portion of the mass of the explosive material. A material in which the first three factors exist cannot be accepted as an explosive unless the reaction can be made to occur when needed.
Fragmentation.
Fragmentation is the accumulation and projection of particles as the result of a high explosives detonation. Fragments could be part of a structure such as a magazine. High velocity, low angle fragments can travel hundreds or thousands of feet with enough energy to initiate other surrounding high explosive items, injure or kill personnel and damage vehicles or structures.

</doc>
<doc id="18993869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993869" title="Gas">
Gas

Gas is one of the four fundamental states of matter (the others being solid, liquid, and plasma). A pure gas may be made up of individual atoms (e.g. a noble gas or atomic gas like neon), elemental molecules made from one type of atom (e.g. oxygen), or compound molecules made from a variety of atoms (e.g. carbon dioxide). A gas mixture would contain a variety of pure gases much like the air. What distinguishes a gas from liquids and solids is the vast separation of the individual gas particles. This separation usually makes a colorless gas invisible to the human observer. The interaction of gas particles in the presence of electric and gravitational fields are considered negligible as indicated by the constant velocity vectors in the image.
The gaseous state of matter is found between the liquid and plasma states, the latter of which provides the upper temperature boundary for gases. Bounding the lower end of the temperature scale lie degenerative quantum gases which are gaining increasing attention. High-density atomic gases super cooled to incredibly low temperatures are classified by their statistical behavior as either a Bose gas or a Fermi gas. For a comprehensive listing of these exotic states of matter see list of states of matter.
Elemental gases.
The only chemical elements which are stable multi atom homonuclear molecules at standard temperature and pressure (STP), are hydrogen (H2), nitrogen (N2) and oxygen (O2); 
plus two halogens, fluorine (F2) and chlorine (Cl2). 
These gases, when grouped together with the monatomic noble gases; which are helium (He), neon (Ne), argon (Ar), krypton (Kr), xenon (Xe) and radon (Rn) ; are called "elemental gases". Alternatively they are sometimes known as "molecular gases" to distinguish them from molecules that are also chemical compounds.
Etymology.
The word "gas" is a neologism first used by the early 17th-century Flemish chemist J.B. Van Helmont. Van Helmont's word appears to have been simply a phonetic transcription of the Greek word χάος "Chaos" – the "g" in Dutch being pronounced like "ch" in "loch" – in which case Van Helmont was simply following the established alchemical usage first attested in the works of Paracelsus. According to Paracelsus's terminology, "chaos" meant something like "ultra-rarefied water".
An alternative story is that Van Helmont's word is corrupted from "gahst" (or "geist"), signifying a ghost or spirit. This was because certain gases suggested a supernatural origin, such as from their ability to cause death, extinguish flames, and to occur in "mines, bottom of wells, churchyards and other lonely places".
Physical characteristics.
As most gases are difficult to observe directly, they are described through the use of four physical properties or macroscopic characteristics: pressure, volume, number of particles (chemists group them by moles) and temperature. These four characteristics were repeatedly observed by scientists such as Robert Boyle, Jacques Charles, John Dalton, Joseph Gay-Lussac and Amedeo Avogadro for a variety of gases in various settings. Their detailed studies ultimately led to a mathematical relationship among these properties expressed by the ideal gas law (see simplified models section below).
Gas particles are widely separated from one another, and consequently have weaker intermolecular bonds than liquids or solids. These intermolecular forces result from electrostatic interactions between gas particles. Like-charged areas of different gas particles repel, while oppositely charged regions of different gas particles attract one another; gases that contain permanently charged ions are known as plasmas. Gaseous compounds with polar covalent bonds contain permanent charge imbalances and so experience relatively strong intermolecular forces, although the molecule while the compound's net charge remains neutral. Transient, randomly induced charges exist across non-polar covalent bonds of molecules and electrostatic interactions caused by them are referred to as Van der Waals forces. The interaction of these intermolecular forces varies within a substance which determines many of the physical properties unique to each gas. A comparison of "boiling points" for compounds formed by ionic and covalent bonds leads us to this conclusion. The drifting smoke particles in the image provides some insight into low pressure gas behavior.
Compared to the other states of matter, gases have low density and viscosity. Pressure and temperature influence the particles within a certain volume. This variation in particle separation and speed is referred to as "compressibility". This particle separation and size influences optical properties of gases as can be found in the following list of refractive indices. Finally, gas particles spread apart or diffuse in order to homogeneously distribute themselves throughout any container.
Macroscopic.
When observing a gas, it is typical to specify a frame of reference or length scale. A "larger" length scale corresponds to a macroscopic or global point of view of the gas. This region (referred to as a volume) must be sufficient in size to contain a large sampling of gas particles. The resulting statistical analysis of this sample size produces the "average" behavior (i.e. velocity, temperature or pressure) of all the gas particles within the region. In contrast, a "smaller" length scale corresponds to a microscopic or particle point of view. 
Macroscopically, the gas characteristics measured are either in terms of the gas particles themselves (velocity, pressure, or temperature) or their surroundings (volume). For example, Robert Boyle studied pneumatic chemistry for a small portion of his career. One of his experiments related the macroscopic properties of pressure and volume of a gas. His experiment used a J-tube manometer which looks like a test tube in the shape of the letter J. Boyle trapped an inert gas in the closed end of the test tube with a column of mercury, thereby making the number of particles and the temperature constant. He observed that when the pressure was increased in the gas, by adding more mercury to the column, the trapped gas' volume decreased (this is known as an inverse relationship). Furthermore, when Boyle multiplied the pressure and volume of each observation, the product was constant. This relationship held for every gas that Boyle observed leading to the law, (PV=k), named to honor his work in this field.
There are many mathematical tools available for analyzing gas properties. As gases are subjected to extreme conditions, these tools become a bit more complex, from the Euler equations for inviscid flow to the Navier-Stokes equations that fully account for viscous effects. These equations are adapted to the conditions of the gas system in question. Boyle's lab equipment allowed the use of algebra to obtain his analytical results. His results were possible because he was studying gases in relatively low pressure situations where they behaved in an "ideal" manner. These ideal relationships apply to safety calculations for a variety of flight conditions on the materials in use. The high technology equipment in use today was designed to help us safely explore the more exotic operating environments where the gases no longer behave in an "ideal" manner. This advanced math, including statistics and multivariable calculus, makes possible the solution to such complex dynamic situations as space vehicle reentry. An example is the analysis of the space shuttle reentry pictured to ensure the material properties under this loading condition are appropriate. In this flight regime, the gas is no longer behaving ideally.
Pressure.
The symbol used to represent "pressure" in equations is "p" or "P" with SI units of pascals.
When describing a container of gas, the term pressure (or absolute pressure) refers to the average force per unit area that the gas exerts on the surface of the container. Within this volume, it is sometimes easier to visualize the gas particles moving in straight lines until they collide with the container (see diagram at top of the article). The force imparted by a gas particle into the container during this collision is the change in momentum of the particle. During a collision only the normal (geometry) component of velocity changes. A particle traveling parallel to the wall does not change its momentum. Therefore the average force on a surface must be the average change in linear momentum from all of these gas particle collisions. 
Pressure is the sum of all the normal components of force exerted by the particles impacting the walls of the container divided by the surface area of the wall.
Temperature.
The speed of a gas particle is proportional to its absolute temperature. The volume of the balloon in the video shrinks when the trapped gas particles slow down with the addition of extremely cold nitrogen. The temperature of any physical system is related to the motions of the particles (molecules and atoms) which make up the system. In statistical mechanics, temperature is the measure of the average kinetic energy stored in a particle. The methods of storing this energy are dictated by the degrees of freedom of the particle itself (energy modes). Kinetic energy added (endothermic process) to gas particles by way of collisions produces linear, rotational, and vibrational motion. In contrast, a molecule in a solid can only increase its vibrational modes with the addition of heat as the lattice crystal structure prevents both linear and rotational motions. These heated gas molecules have a greater speed range which constantly varies due to constant collisions with other particles. The speed range can be described by the Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution. Use of this distribution implies ideal gases near thermodynamic equilibrium for the system of particles being considered.
Specific volume.
The symbol used to represent "specific volume" in equations is "v" with SI units of cubic meters per kilogram.
The symbol used to represent volume in equations is "V" with SI units of cubic meters.
When performing a thermodynamic analysis, it is typical to speak of intensive and extensive properties. Properties which depend on the amount of gas (either by mass or volume) are called "extensive" properties, while properties that do not depend on the amount of gas are called "intensive" properties. Specific volume is an example of an "intensive" property because it is the ratio of volume occupied by a "unit of mass" of a gas that is identical throughout a system at equilibrium. 1000 atoms a gas occupy the same space as any other 1000 atoms for any given temperature and pressure. This concept is easier to visualize for solids such as iron which are incompressible compared to gases. Since a gas fills any container in which it is placed, volume is an "extensive property".
Density.
The symbol used to represent density in equations is ρ (rho) with SI units of kilograms per cubic meter. This term is the reciprocal of specific volume.
Since gas molecules can move freely within a container, their mass is normally characterized by density. Density is the amount of mass per unit volume of a substance, or the inverse of specific volume. For gases, the density can vary over a wide range because the particles are free to move closer together when constrained by pressure or volume. This variation of density is referred to as compressibility. Like pressure and temperature, density is a state variable of a gas and the change in density during any process is governed by the laws of thermodynamics. For a static gas, the density is the same throughout the entire container. Density is therefore a scalar quantity. It can be shown by kinetic theory that the density is "inversely" proportional to the size of the container in which a fixed mass of gas is confined. In this case of a fixed mass, the density decreases as the volume increases.
Microscopic.
If one could observe a gas under a powerful microscope, one would see a collection of particles (molecules, atoms, ions, electrons, etc.) without any definite shape or volume that are in more or less random motion. These neutral gas particles only change direction when they collide with another particle or with the sides of the container. In an ideal gas, these collisions are perfectly elastic. This particle or microscopic view of a gas is described by the Kinetic-molecular theory. The assumptions behind this theory can be found in the postulates section of Kinetic Theory.
Kinetic theory.
Kinetic theory provides insight into the macroscopic properties of gases by considering their molecular composition and motion. Starting with the definitions of momentum and kinetic energy, one can use the conservation of momentum and geometric relationships of a cube to relate macroscopic system properties of temperature and pressure to the microscopic property of kinetic energy per molecule. The theory provides averaged values for these two properties. 
The theory also explains how the gas system responds to change. For example, as a gas is heated from absolute zero, when it is (in theory) perfectly still, its internal energy (temperature) is increased. As a gas is heated, the particles speed up and its temperature rises. This results in greater numbers of collisions with the container per unit time due to the higher particle speeds associated with elevated temperatures. The pressure increases in proportion to the number of collisions per unit time.
Brownian motion.
Brownian motion is the mathematical model used to describe the random movement of particles suspended in a fluid. The gas particle animation, using pink and green particles, illustrates how this behavior results in the spreading out of gases (entropy). These events are also described by particle theory. 
Since it is at the limit of (or beyond) current technology to observe individual gas particles (atoms or molecules), only theoretical calculations give suggestions about how they move, but their motion is different from Brownian motion because Brownian motion involves a smooth drag due to the frictional force of many gas molecules, punctuated by violent collisions of an individual (or several) gas molecule(s) with the particle. The particle (generally consisting of millions or billions of atoms) thus moves in a jagged course, yet not so jagged as would be expected if an individual gas molecule were examined.
Intermolecular forces.
As discussed earlier, momentary attractions (or repulsions) between particles have an effect on gas dynamics. In physical chemistry, the name given to these intermolecular forces is "van der Waals force". These forces play a key role in determining physical properties of a gas such as viscosity and flow rate (see physical characteristics section). Ignoring these forces in certain conditions (see Kinetic-molecular theory) allows a real gas to be treated like an ideal gas. This assumption allows the use of ideal gas laws which greatly simplifies calculations.
Proper use of these gas relationships requires the Kinetic-molecular theory (KMT). When gas particles possess a magnetic charge or Intermolecular force they gradually influence one another as the spacing between them is reduced (the hydrogen bond model illustrates one example). In the absence of any charge, at some point when the spacing between gas particles is greatly reduced they can no longer avoid collisions between themselves at normal gas temperatures. Another case for increased collisions among gas particles would include a fixed volume of gas, which upon heating would contain very fast particles. "This means that these ideal equations provide reasonable results "except" for extremely high pressure (compressible) or high temperature (ionized) conditions." Notice that all of these excepted conditions allow energy transfer to take place within the gas system. The absence of these internal transfers is what is referred to as ideal conditions in which the energy exchange occurs only at the boundaries of the system. Real gases experience some of these collisions and intermolecular forces. When these collisions are statistically negligible (incompressible), results from these ideal equations are still meaningful. If the gas particles are compressed into close proximity they behave more like a liquid (see fluid dynamics).
Simplified models.
An "equation of state" (for gases) is a mathematical model used to roughly describe or predict the state properties of a gas. At present, there is no single equation of state that accurately predicts the properties of all gases under all conditions. Therefore, a number of much more accurate equations of state have been developed for gases in specific temperature and pressure ranges. The "gas models" that are most widely discussed are "perfect gas", "ideal gas" and "real gas". Each of these models has its own set of assumptions to facilitate the analysis of a given thermodynamic system. Each successive model expands the temperature range of coverage to which it applies.
Ideal and perfect gas models.
The equation of state for an ideal or perfect gas is the ideal gas law and reads
where "P" is the pressure, "V" is the volume, "n" is amount of gas (in mol units), "R" is the universal gas constant, 8.314 J/(mol K), and "T" is the temperature. Written this way, it is sometimes called the "chemist's version", since it emphasizes the number of molecules "n". It can also be written as
where formula_3 is the specific gas constant for a particular gas, in units J/(kg K), and ρ = m/V is density. This notation is the "gas dynamicist's" version, which is more practical in modeling of gas flows involving acceleration without chemical reactions.
The ideal gas law does not make an assumption about the specific heat of a gas. In the most general case, the specific heat is a function of both temperature and pressure. If the pressure-dependence is neglected (and possibly the temperature-dependence as well) in a particular application, sometimes the gas is said to be a perfect gas, although the exact assumptions may vary depending on the author and/or field of science.
For an ideal gas, the ideal gas law applies without restrictions on the specific heat. An ideal gas is a simplified "real gas" with the assumption that the compressibility factor "Z" is set to 1 meaning that this pneumatic ratio remains constant. A compressibility factor of one also requires the four state variables to follow the ideal gas law.
This approximation is more suitable for applications in engineering although simpler models can be used to produce a "ball-park" range as to where the real solution should lie. An example where the "ideal gas approximation" would be suitable would be inside a combustion chamber of a jet engine. It may also be useful to keep the elementary reactions and chemical dissociations for calculating emissions.
Real gas.
Each one of the assumptions listed below adds to the complexity of the problem's solution. As the density of a gas increases with rising pressure, the intermolecular forces play a more substantial role in gas behavior which results in the ideal gas law no longer providing "reasonable" results. At the upper end of the engine temperature ranges (e.g. combustor sections – 1300 K), the complex fuel particles absorb internal energy by means of rotations and vibrations that cause their specific heats to vary from those of diatomic molecules and noble gases. At more than double that temperature, electronic excitation and dissociation of the gas particles begins to occur causing the pressure to adjust to a greater number of particles (transition from gas to plasma). Finally, all of the thermodynamic processes were presumed to describe uniform gases whose velocities varied according to a fixed distribution. Using a non-equilibrium situation implies the flow field must be characterized in some manner to enable a solution. One of the first attempts to expand the boundaries of the ideal gas law was to include coverage for different thermodynamic processes by adjusting the equation to read "pVn = constant" and then varying the "n" through different values such as the specific heat ratio, "γ".
Real gas effects include those adjustments made to account for a greater range of gas behavior:
For most applications, such a detailed analysis is excessive. Examples where "Real Gas effects" would have a significant impact would be on the Space Shuttle re-entry where extremely high temperatures and pressures are present or the gases produced during geological events as in the image of the 1990 eruption of Mount Redoubt.
Historical synthesis.
Boyle's law.
Boyle's Law was perhaps the first expression of an equation of state. In 1662 Robert Boyle performed a series of experiments employing a J-shaped glass tube, which was sealed on one end. Mercury was added to the tube, trapping a fixed quantity of air in the short, sealed end of the tube. Then the volume of gas was carefully measured as additional mercury was added to the tube. The pressure of the gas could be determined by the difference between the mercury level in the short end of the tube and that in the long, open end. The image of Boyle's Equipment shows some of the exotic tools used by Boyle during his study of gases.
Through these experiments, Boyle noted that the pressure exerted by a gas held at a constant temperature varies inversely with the volume of the gas. For example, if the volume is halved, the pressure is doubled; and if the volume is doubled, the pressure is halved. Given the inverse relationship between pressure and volume, the product of pressure ("P") and volume ("V") is a constant ("k") for a given mass of confined gas as long as the temperature is constant. Stated as a formula, thus is:
Because the before and after volumes and pressures of the fixed amount of gas, where the before and after temperatures are the same both equal the constant "k", they can be related by the equation:
formula_5
Charles's Law.
In 1787, the French physicist and balloon pioneer, Jacques Charles, found that oxygen, nitrogen, hydrogen, carbon dioxide, and air expand to the same extent over the same 80 kelvin interval. He noted that, for an ideal gas at constant pressure, the volume is directly proportional to its temperature:
formula_6
Gay-Lussac's Law.
In 1802, Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac published results of similar, though more extensive experiments. Gay-Lussac credited Charle's earlier work by naming the law in his honor. Gay-Lussac himself is credited with the law describing pressure, which he found in 1809. It states that the pressure exerted on a container's sides by an ideal gas is proportional to its temperature.
Avogadro's law.
In 1811, Amedeo Avogadro verified that equal volumes of pure gases contain the same number of particles. His theory was not generally accepted until 1858 when another Italian chemist Stanislao Cannizzaro was able to explain non-ideal exceptions. For his work with gases a century prior, the number that bears his name Avogadro's constant represents the number of atoms found in 12 grams of elemental carbon-12 (6.022×1023 mol−1). This specific number of gas particles, at standard temperature and pressure (ideal gas law) occupies 22.40 liters, which is referred to as the molar volume.
Avogadro's law states that the volume occupied by an ideal gas is proportional to the number of moles (or molecules) present in the container. This gives rise to the molar volume of a gas, which at STP is 22.4 dm3 (or litres). The relation is given by
where n is equal to the number of moles of gas (the number of molecules divided by Avogadro's Number).
Dalton's law.
In 1801, John Dalton published the Law of Partial Pressures from his work with ideal gas law relationship: The pressure of a mixture of non reactive gases is equal to the sum of the pressures of all of the constituent gases alone. Mathematically, this can be represented for "n" species as: 
Pressuretotal = Pressure1 + Pressure2 + ... + Pressuren
The image of Dalton's journal depicts symbology he used as shorthand to record the path he followed. Among his key journal observations upon mixing unreactive "elastic fluids" (gases) were the following:
Special topics.
Compressibility.
Thermodynamicists use this factor ("Z") to alter the ideal gas equation to account for compressibility effects of real gases. This factor represents the ratio of actual to ideal specific volumes. It is sometimes referred to as a "fudge-factor" or correction to expand the useful range of the ideal gas law for design purposes. "Usually" this "Z" value is very close to unity. The compressibility factor image illustrates how Z varies over a range of very cold temperatures.
Reynolds number.
In fluid mechanics, the Reynolds number is the ratio of inertial forces ("vsρ") to viscous forces ("μ/L"). It is one of the most important dimensionless numbers in fluid dynamics and is used, usually along with other dimensionless numbers, to provide a criterion for determining dynamic similitude. As such, the Reynolds number provides the link between modeling results (design) and the full-scale actual conditions. It can also be used to characterize the flow.
Viscosity.
Viscosity, a physical property, is a measure of how well adjacent molecules stick to one another. A solid can withstand a shearing force due to the strength of these sticky intermolecular forces. A fluid will continuously deform when subjected to a similar load. While a gas has a lower value of viscosity than a liquid, it is still an observable property. If gases had no viscosity, then they would not stick to the surface of a wing and form a boundary layer. A study of the delta wing in the Schlieren image reveals that the gas particles stick to one another (see Boundary layer section).
Turbulence.
In fluid dynamics, turbulence or turbulent flow is a flow regime characterized by chaotic, stochastic property changes. This includes low momentum diffusion, high momentum convection, and rapid variation of pressure and velocity in space and time. The Satellite view of weather around Robinson Crusoe Islands illustrates just one example.
Boundary layer.
Particles will, in effect, "stick" to the surface of an object moving through it. This layer of particles is called the boundary layer. At the surface of the object, it is essentially static due to the friction of the surface. The object, with its boundary layer is effectively the new shape of the object that the rest of the molecules "see" as the object approaches. This boundary layer "can" separate from the surface, essentially creating a new surface and completely changing the flow path. The classical example of this is a stalling airfoil. The delta wing image clearly shows the boundary layer thickening as the gas flows from right to left along the leading edge.
Maximum entropy principle.
As the total number of degrees of freedom approaches infinity, the system will be found in the macrostate that corresponds to the highest multiplicity. In order to illustrate this principle, observe the skin temperature of a frozen metal bar. Using a thermal image of the skin temperature, note the temperature distribution on the surface. This initial observation of temperature represents a "microstate." At some future time, a second observation of the skin temperature produces a second microstate. By continuing this observation process, it is possible to produce a series of microstates that illustrate the thermal history of the bar's surface. Characterization of this historical series of microstates is possible by choosing the macrostate that successfully classifies them all into a single grouping.
Thermodynamic equilibrium.
When energy transfer ceases from a system, this condition is referred to as thermodynamic equilibrium. Usually this condition implies the system and surroundings are at the same temperature so that heat no longer transfers between them. It also implies that external forces are balanced (volume does not change), and all chemical reactions within the system are complete. The timeline varies for these events depending on the system in question. A container of ice allowed to melt at room temperature takes hours, while in semiconductors the heat transfer that occurs in the device transition from an on to off state could be on the order of a few nanoseconds.

</doc>
<doc id="18993882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993882" title="Overweight">
Overweight

Overweight is generally defined as having more body fat than is optimally healthy. Being overweight is a common condition, especially where food supplies are plentiful and lifestyles are sedentary.
Excess weight has reached epidemic proportions globally, with more than 1 billion adults being either overweight or obese. Increases have been observed across all age groups.
A healthy body requires a minimum amount of fat for the proper functioning of the hormonal, reproductive, and immune systems, as thermal insulation, as shock absorption for sensitive areas, and as energy for future use. But the accumulation of too much storage fat can impair movement and flexibility, and can alter the appearance of the body.
Classification.
The degree to which a person is overweight is generally described by body mass index (BMI). Overweight is defined as a BMI of 25 or more, thus it includes pre-obesity defined as a BMI between 25 and 30 and obesity as defined by a BMI of 30 or more. Pre obese and overweight however are often used interchangeably thus giving overweight a common definition of a BMI of between 25 -30. There are however several other common ways to measure the amount of adiposity or fat present in an individual's body.
The most common method for discussing this subject and the one used primarily by researchers and advisory institutions is BMI. Definitions of what is considered overweight vary by ethnicity. The current definition proposed by the US National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the World Health Organization (WHO) designates whites, Hispanics and blacks with a BMI of 25 or more as overweight. For Asians, overweight is a BMI between 23 and 29.9 and obesity for all groups is a BMI of 30 or more.
BMI, however, does not account extremes of muscle mass, some rare genetic factors, the very young, and a few other individual variations. Thus it is possible for an individuals with a BMI of less than 25 to have excess body fat, while others may have a BMI that is significantly higher without falling into this category. Some of the above methods for determining body fat are more accurate than BMI but come with added complexity.
If an individual is overweight and has excess body fat it could, but won't always, create or lead to health risks. Reports are surfacing, however, that being mildly overweight to slightly obese – BMI being between 24 and 31.9 – may be actually beneficial and that people with BMI between 24 and 31.9 could actually live longer than normal weight or underweight persons.
Health-related implications.
While the negative health outcomes associated with obesity are accepted within the medical community, the health implications of the overweight category are more controversial. The generally accepted view is that being overweight causes similar health problems to obesity, but to a lesser degree. Adams et al. estimated that the risk of death increases by 20 to 40 percent among overweight people, and the Framingham heart study found that being overweight at age 40 reduced life expectancy by three years. A review in 2013 came to the result that being overweight significantly increases the risk of oligospermia and azoospermia in men.
Flegal et al., however, found that the mortality rate for individuals who are classified as overweight (BMI 25 to 30) may actually be lower than for those with an "ideal" weight (BMI 18.5 to 25).
Being overweight has been identified as a cause of cancer, and is projected to overtake smoking as the primary cause of cancer in developed countries as cases of cancer linked to smoking dwindle.
Psychological well-being is also at risk in the overweight individual due to social discrimination. However, children under the age of eight are normally not affected.
Being overweight does not increase mortality in older people.
Prevalence per country.
As much as 64% of the United States adult population is considered either overweight or obese, and this percentage has increased over the last four decades.
Causes.
Being overweight is generally caused by the intake of more calories (by eating) than are expended by the body (by exercise and everyday living). Factors that may contribute to this imbalance include:
People who have insulin dependant diabetes and chronically overdose insulin may gain weight, while people who already are overweight may develop insulin tolerance, and in the long run type II diabetes.
Treatment.
The etiology and the difficulty of one's overweight condition or level of obesity may be different for different reasons. Treatment must be suited to the nature of an individual's body anatomy and physiology with a focus on contributing factors.
The physician or dietitian may perform a BMI calculation, sampling fat percentage of the body, measuring posterior, arm, or stomach. The clinician may recommend tests for hormonal and other biochemical abnormalities in glucose, insulin, cholesterol, thyroid hormones, sex hormones, SHBG and other proteins, cortisol (associated with Cushing's syndrome), triglycerides, HCG, and in acute cases ghrelin (also known as the "hunger" hormone) and leptin (sometimes known as the "satiety hormone") though satiety is associated with some other major factors that aren't necessarily hormonal or molecular.
Some evidence suggests that for merely overweight patients, the health effects of attempting to lose weight may actually be more detrimental than simply remaining overweight.
General treatment in cases of overweight.
With the accumulation of knowledge about its neuroendocrine, gastroenterological, nutritional, and psychological (mainly cognitive and behavioral), and environmental causes, obesity, at least in its acute versions, is no longer understood as a problem solely dependent on the obese. It is now known that independent factors, genetic and epigenetic alike, resemble an infrastructure of a decent number of obesity cases, in such a way that the obese have little control whatsoever of their condition. In cases of mild obesity, or overweight, most cases are more easily self-regulated, so that self-care is easier to instill, and in most cases efficient, if implemented correctly.
General treatments are a proper diet, and tailored exercise program (in cases of ability), and sometimes some supplements such as orlistat (lipase inhibitor), caffeine, or others, usually given by a physician, or a dietitian.
In the case of extreme diets, the body goes into an emergency regimen and lowers its metabolic rate, with the result that after the diet, it uses fewer calories for energy production and gathers more to form fat in ddipocytes. Extreme diet usually ends with the individual falling back to previous eating habits and weight, almost always in a repetitive form—a phenomenon known as the yo-yo effect. Dietitians generally recommend eating several balanced meals dispersed through the day, with a combination of progressive, primarily aerobic, physical exercise. Also it should be mentioned that non-overweight people have a higher chance to stay as such, because of higher levels of hormones such as Adiponectin, which is considered to play a positive role in fatty-acid metabolism.
Because these general treatments are trivial and could actually help almost any case of obesity, they are common in all its levels, and resemble the most basic form of treat even in worst cases that demands more progressive medical intervention, as described later.
Specific causes for overweight.
Inability to make efficient aerobic exercise.
Besides diet, overweight (tendency to gain weight, BMI: 25.0 – 29.9) in an allegedly healthy man could be agitated or worsened by the inability (which is treatable in most cases) to make "efficient" aerobic exercise. A common cause for this is a chronic pathology or the accumulation (or multiplicative effect) of several associated pathologies in the lower respiratory tract or upper respiratory tract that aren't necessarily fatal. ?These cause an inability to breathe efficiently from the nose in normal conditions and especially during exercise. So much so, that an individual who runs for more than a few minutes experiences a suffocating feeling in the throat, or even lactic acidosis in the legs. Little nasal airflow could be derived from pathologies as turbinate hyperthrophy and nasal septum deviation, allergic, and vasomotor rhinitis, asthma, especially exertion asthma, and exercise-induced bronchospasm. Such pathologies are easily diagnosed at an otolaryngologist or pulmonologist, respectively. It is important to note that such problems themselves could induce another problem: lactic acidosis. In this case, one who experiences relatively low intake of oxygen because of problematic breathing during aerobic exercise might not have enough of it to cause lactic acid oxidation, and therefore, would have symptoms such as a feeling of general or specific abnormal (muscle) pain, hyperventilation, fatigue, weakness, and heart irregularities while doing their aerobic activity in cases in which inability to do efficient aerobic exercise (from the aforementioned cases for example) is the main reason for gaining weight (from fat storage), whereas treating it could relieve overweight.
It should be noted that the upper and lower respiratory system pathologies could play a role or worsen more severe obesity cases.
Metabolic or Hormonal pathology or idiopathy.
An Endocrine disorder or mild hormonal problem can lead to a person being overweight or obese. If circumstances allow, treatment of such conditions by hormone replacement therapy may help.
Some who are considered healthy by conventional standards might have, for yet unknown reasons, a metabolic pattern that lets them store more fat than normal weight people (BMI 18.5 – 24.9). The popular solution for this problem is a carefully planned and sophisticated diet and exercise program, under the supervision of a licensed dietitian. Some might acquire cognitive and or behavioral therapy from a medical psychologist.
Environment change.
There are many environmental factors that could lead to weight gain.
A lack or money or time to devote to exercise due to other commitments, such as work or family, or an inability to exercise, due to living in an environment away from public parks, gyms, or a supportive network of people.
There may also be cultural or religious reasons for not exercising.
A job that involves working with food (especially fast food could also contribute to weight gain.
Liposuction.
Some particular manifestations of overweight, such as lipomastia or waist or belly fat, are treated with targeted liposuction. Such a treatment is useful only in cases of overweight, and not in cases of obesity.
Obesity.
In obese people (who generally have more complicated issues), the frequency of hormonal or metabolic failings is higher. In relatively mild cases of obesity, which are still harder than regular overweight, specific obesity medication, or HRT could be useful for the patients. In extreme cases bariatric surgery is considered. The NIH recommends to perform such surgery only those with BMI above 40, or above 35.0 if they suffer from a serious co-morbid condition such as diabetes. Indeed, even in progressive obesity, many cases would demand a diet as balanced as possible, alongside the medical treatment.
Psychological help.
Those who are overweight or obese often consult psychologists (such as medical and sport psychologists, and maybe others), to provide them with psychological and practical advice in order to lose weight. Supervised learning and implementation of cognitive and behavioral techniques may help to reduce as much as possible the likelihood of failing in the weight-loss process.
Treatment Importance.
Being overweight could bring emotional distress, harassment, and impair the intimate functioning in some cases, if not many, thus detracting some of the joy and opportunities of the individual and endanger them and mentally and physically (albeit, not harshly as in severe forms of obesity).
Sometimes treatment of overweight could indeed be demanding, and require considerable mental and financial resources just for the potentially exhausting investigation into the factors causing the overweight, especially when it involves bureaucratic and systematic obstacles to name a few.
For all opinions, it is of utmost importance to lower fat percentage to a decent level.
Understanding the importance of treating obesity may itself play a contributing variable to the success of the process of removing individual excessive amount of body fat and increase the chances of achieving that target.

</doc>
<doc id="18993887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993887" title="Yelena Ovchinnikova">
Yelena Ovchinnikova

Yelena Valeryevna Ovchinnikova () (born 17 July 1982 in Moscow) is a Russian competitor in synchronized swimming. She won a gold medal in team competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Now She Is Presenter For The Voice Of Russia

</doc>
<doc id="18993888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993888" title="Mariya Gromova">
Mariya Gromova

Mariya Igorevna Gromova () (born 20 July 1984 in Moscow) is a Russian competitor in synchronized swimming. She was part of the Russian gold medal team at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Olympics.
She Announced Retirement In 1 November 2012 and now into working for Channel One On 1st January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18993889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993889" title="Natalia Ishchenko">
Natalia Ishchenko

Natalia Sergeyevna Ishchenko () (born 8 April 1986 in Smolensk, Soviet Union) is a Russian competitor in synchronized swimming. She was part of the Russian gold medal team in 2008 and 2012. She also won duet competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics with Svetlana Romashina. She will retire on the 1st November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18993890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993890" title="Olga Kuzhela">
Olga Kuzhela

Olga Petrovna Kuzhela () (born 29 August 1985 in Leningrad) is a Russian competitor in synchronized swimming. She won a gold medal in team competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18993891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993891" title="Svetlana Romashina">
Svetlana Romashina

Svetlana Alekseyevna Romashina () (born 21 September 1989 in Moscow) is a Russian competitor in synchronized swimming. She won two consecutive gold medals in the team competition at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and the 2012 London Olympics. She also won the duet event of the London Olympics with Natalia Ishchenko.

</doc>
<doc id="18993901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993901" title="The Blue World">
The Blue World

The Blue World is a science fiction adventure novel written by Jack Vance. The novel is based on Vance’s earlier novella "The Kragen", which appeared in the July 1964 edition of Fantastic Stories of Imagination.
Plot summary.
Sklar Hast, the protagonist, had achieved a measure of success and prosperity by passing his examination to be a “Hoodwink”, or semaphore tower operator – a prestigious position on the Blue World, a planet with no land at all. During the space of twelve generations, the descendants of a crashed prison ship have created a rudimentary civilization on the water-covered planet, living on huge sea plants. However, they must beware the kragen, giant, semi-intelligent squid-like predators which roam the ocean. The colonists eventually develop a relationship with one of these, King Kragen. It drives off other kragen in return for offerings of food organized by an entrenched quasi-religious priesthood built up over generations. King Kragen grows to become the largest and most powerful kragen, demanding more and more food as time goes by.
When Sklar questions the need to continue to worship and feed this predator, King Kragen appears, wrecks his home and kills his mentor. Rather than regard this as divine punishment, Sklar suspects that the conservative priesthood has enough control over King Kragen to kill those who oppose their views, and to thus uphold their privileged status.
Can he convince his fellow citizens that they must kill King Kragen in order to be free? If so, how can they do it in a world without materials to make weapons?
Award nominations.
"The Blue World" was nominated for the Nebula Award in 1966. It was also a preliminary nominee for the Prometheus Award for “Best Classic Libertarian SF Novel” in 1988, 1994, 1995 and 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18993902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993902" title="Chasing Cars">
Chasing Cars

"Chasing Cars" is the second single from Snow Patrol's fourth album, "Eyes Open." It was recorded in 2005 and released on 6 June 2006 in the US and 24 July 2006 in the UK as the album's second single. The song gained significant popularity in the US after being featured in the second season finale of the popular medical drama "Grey's Anatomy."
It became notable as one of the songs that revealed the impact of legal downloads on single sales in the UK, selling consistently for years after its release. The song is Snow Patrol's biggest-selling single to date, ending 2006 as the UK's 14th best-selling single of the year and that year had the distinction of being the last song performed live on the BBC's "Top of the Pops". In 2007, on the strength of downloads, it was the UK's 34th best-selling single of 2007. The song peaked at number 6 in the UK Singles Chart, and number 5 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
At the 2007 Grammy Awards, "Chasing Cars" was nominated for Best Rock Song, and at the 2007 Brit Awards, the song was nominated for Best British Single. In 2009, the PPL announced "Chasing Cars" was the most widely played song of the decade in the UK. As of 26 August 2013, the song has spent 111 weeks on the official UK Top 75 Singles Chart and 154 on the Top 100 and has sold over 1,000,000 copies in the UK by October 2013. It also sold 3,131,000 copies in the US by November 2011, making it one of the top 10 best-selling songs by a British artist in the digital era. In a 2009 Channel 4 poll it was voted the number one "song of the noughties".
Writing.
It has been reported that lead singer Gary Lightbody wrote the song, sober after a binge of white wine, in the garden of producer Jacknife Lee's Kent cottage.
The song has Lightbody singing a plain melody over sparse guitars, which has an ever-building crescendo.
He stated it was his "purest love song".
The phrase "Chasing Cars" came from Lightbody's father, in reference to a girl Lightbody was infatuated with, "You're like a dog chasing a car. You'll never catch it and you just wouldn't know what to do with it if you did."
Promotion and release.
Snow Patrol played "Chasing Cars" on an appearance on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien". The song was also performed as the last live performance on long-running music programme "Top of the Pops". The band also performed the song when they were the musical guest on the 17 March 2007 episode of "Saturday Night Live", hosted by Julia Louis-Dreyfus. Additionally, the band played the song live in their appearance at Live Earth. On 7 July 2007, this song was performed during the London leg of the Live Earth concert at Wembley Stadium and at Oxegen later on that night in Ireland.
"Chasing Cars" was heard on the TV show "One Tree Hill'"s third season finale episode "The Show Must Go On", which aired in the US on 3 May 2006. Several weeks later, the song appeared on the second season finale of "Grey's Anatomy" on 15 May 2006, and the song found a larger listening audience and pushed its way onto the download and pop charts in the United States. The song was made into a music video for the show, serving as a promotion for its third season. The music video shows scenes from the first and second seasons as well as previously unseen scenes from the third season, with clips in-between from the UK music video of the song. It was heard again in the eighteenth episode of the show's seventh season on 31 March 2011, along with the cast's cover of Brandi Carlile's "The Story" and The Fray's "How to Save a Life".
Music video.
There are two music videos: one for UK, one for the US.
In the music video for UK, Gary Lightbody lies on open ground as cameras film him from different angles. It starts raining, splashing his face and hands. Gary enters a pool of water next to him and in the end of the video, he gets out of the water, rises on his feet and looks up at the camera as it zooms out overhead.
In the US music video, Lightbody is shown lying down in busy places while singing. People ignore him and step over him. Among the places he lies are a diner, an intersection, at the top of an escalator, in a subway car, at the top of a hill overlooking a highway, and at the end on a bed.
Reception.
Critical.
The song was nominated for a 2007 Grammy Award for Best Rock Song, as well as for a 2007 BRIT Award for Best British Single.
In 2007, "Chasing Cars" was voted number 1 in the Top 500 Songs: The Words Behind the Music, on Bristol's GWR FM (and other stations in The One Network).
Yahoo! Music's Adam Webb, however had mixed feelings for the single, when he awarded it 5 stars out of 10, saying it was a "misguided attempt to recreate its breast-beating slo-motion scarf-waving formula." Further, he made comparisons of the song to Hollywood soundtracks, which in his words are "about as subtle as a rhino and too overt to be truly affecting."
"Billboard" magazine's Sven Phillip found the song the only one on the album "not to be missed". He called it a "catchy, colossal ballad that succeeds without any fireworks".
UK music licensing body PPL announced in December 2009 that "Chasing Cars" was the most played song of the decade.
Commercial.
It was released as an overlapping single in early June and the video was re-edited to include clips from Grey's Anatomy. The video failed to catch on, regardless, so a third version was filmed for the edited single version of the song. On 13 September 2006, the song soared in the digital music charts to become the most-downloaded song in the U.S. iTunes Store, just one day after the DVD release of the second season of "Grey's Anatomy". The song was used in "Verbotene Liebe", a German soap opera.
The song was released as a download-only single on 17 July 2006 and entered the UK Singles Chart in the week ending 29 July at #25 on the strength of download sales alone. Its physical release had come on 24 July and this pushed the song up to #15, peaking six weeks later at #6. However, seven weeks after that, in November the CD single was deleted and, under the chart rules prevailing at that time, the song was removed from the chart two weeks after that, having clocked up 17 weeks in total. It was then absent from the chart for seven weeks, but in January 2007 a change to the chart rules meant that all downloads, with or without a physical equivalent, were now eligible to chart. "Chasing Cars" duly surged back in at a Top 10 position (#9, just three places below its peak), and remained on the chart for 48 consecutive weeks, entirely on downloads, only falling out again in December. After a three-week absence, in January 2008 it was back again, for 13 weeks this time, peaking at #50. It then bowed out for a third time, re-entered the top 75 in June, August, October and November 2008, November 2009, January and December 2010, and March, July and December 2011, and re-entered again on 24 August 2013, charting at #66 before climbing up to #60 the following week, and up to #47 the week after now taking the song's tally up to an incredible 111 weeks on the UK Top 75, making it the 2nd longest runner of all time, bettered only by Frank Sinatra's "My Way" (124 weeks). For only 14 weeks out of those 111 was a physical copy of "Chasing Cars" officially available. It has also spent 154 weeks on the Top 100.
The song was voted number one in a 2006 Virgin Radio Top 500 Songs of All Time poll. After the popularity of its association with the "Grey's Anatomy" television show, the song peaked at #5 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the US, the band's first Top 10 hit in the US. The song peaked at #8 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart. It was the fourth best selling digital single of 2006 in the UK, totaling 190,000 legal downloads and is the fourteenth most downloaded song in the country of all time. "Chasing Cars" also went to number one on the Adult Contemporary chart for two non consecutive weeks. As of November 2011, the song has sold 3,131,000 copies in the US.
Covers and samples.
It was covered by The Baseballs for their re-released album Strike! Back! A trance version of the song was remixed by Blake Jarrell & Topher Jones. It aired on the trance radio show "A State of Trance" episode 262 on 17 August 2006. It was later voted to be the 12th best track played on "A State of Trance" in 2006 by the listeners. The song was also used in a mashup by Party Ben, who combined the song with "Every Breath You Take" by The Police for the movie "Just Go With It".
In 2008, Kate Ceberano recorded a version for her album So Much Beauty. It also featured in the Grey's Anatomy episode "Song Beneath The Song", sung by Callie Torres' spirit, Owen Hunter and Miranda Bailey.
Media usage.
The song is featured in the 2012 Filipino film "The Mistress.

</doc>
<doc id="18993903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993903" title="Alba María Cabello">
Alba María Cabello

Alba María Cabello (born 30 April 1986) is a Spanish synchronized swimmer. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18993904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993904" title="Raquel Corral">
Raquel Corral

Raquel Corral is a Spanish synchronized swimmer. She has competed at the and 2008 Summer Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="18993905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993905" title="Thaïs Henríquez">
Thaïs Henríquez

Thaïs Henríquez (born 29 October 1982) is a Spanish synchronized swimmer. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18993906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993906" title="Laura López (synchronized swimmer)">
Laura López (synchronized swimmer)

Laura López is a Spanish synchronized swimmer. She has competed at the and 2008 Summer Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="18993907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993907" title="Gisela Morón">
Gisela Morón

Gisela Morón is a Spanish synchronized swimmer. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18993909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993909" title="Irina Rodríguez">
Irina Rodríguez

Irina Rodríguez is a Spanish synchronized swimmer. She has competed at the and 2008 Summer Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="18993910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993910" title="Paola Tirados">
Paola Tirados

Paola Tirados (born 14 January 1980 in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Canary Islands) is a Spanish synchronized swimmer. She has competed at the 2000, 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18993912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993912" title="William Hardcastle (broadcaster)">
William Hardcastle (broadcaster)

William Hardcastle (26 March 1918 – 10 November 1975) was a British journalist, editor of the "Daily Mail" and first presenter of the lunchtime news programme "The World at One" on BBC Radio.
Hardcastle was born in Newcastle upon Tyne, and educated at the Newcastle Preparatory School and Durham School.
Unfit for active service, Hardcastle remained a journalist throughout the Second World War, moving in turn to the "Sheffield Telegraph", the London bureau of Kemsley Newspapers and Reuters. In 1944 he became Reuters’ correspondent at Supreme Allied Headquarters, followed by postings to New York and Washington.
In 1959 Hardcastle was appointed editor of the "Sunday Dispatch", and after two months in that job was moved to become editor of the "Daily Mail" until 1963, covering the period when it absorbed the "News Chronicle". He then moved into broadcasting. On 4 October 1965, he became the launch presenter of "The World at One" on the BBC Home Service and then BBC Radio 4. He retained this role until his death in 1975, and from 1970 also hosted the "PM" programme.

</doc>
<doc id="18993922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993922" title="Alexandru Arşinel">
Alexandru Arşinel

Alexandru Ioan Arşinel (born 4 May 1939, in Dolhasca, Suceava County) is a Romanian comedian and actor .
He studied at IATC (1962).

</doc>
<doc id="18993924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993924" title="Penychen">
Penychen

Penychen was a possible minor kingdom of early medieval Wales and later a cantref of the Kingdom of Morgannwg. Penychen was one of three cantrefs that made up the kingdom of Glywysing, the other two being Gwynllwg and Gorfynydd. The cantrefi were created on the death of Glywys (c.480 AD), the first king of Glywysing, when the kingdom was divided between three of his sons, Pawl, Gwynllyw and Mechwyn. Pawl was the ruler of Penychen and on his death (c.540 AD) passed the cantref onto his nephew.
Pawl's brother Gwynllyw was the ruler of Gwynllwg and upon his death the cantref passed to his son Cadoc (Cadwg), also known as St. Cadoc. Cadoc would later take control of Penychen, but when he was killed by the Saxons he had no heirs and the both cantrefi fell under the control of Meureg of Gwent and both were absorbed into his kingdom.
Location.
Penychen lay between Senghenydd and Gwrinydd in South Wales, it contained the areas which today are the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taff, the majority of the Vale of Glamorgan and the west of Cardiff.

</doc>
<doc id="18993927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993927" title="Popular culture">
Popular culture

Popular culture is the entirety of ideas, perspectives, attitudes, memes, images, and other phenomena that are within the mainstream of a given culture, especially Western culture of the early to mid 20th century and the emerging global mainstream of the late 20th and early 21st century. Heavily influenced by mass media, this collection of ideas permeates the everyday lives of the society.
Popular culture is often viewed as being trivial and dumbed-down in order to find consensual acceptance throughout the mainstream. As a result, it comes under heavy criticism from various non-mainstream sources (most notably religious groups and countercultural groups) which deem it superficial, consumerist, sensationalist, and corrupted.
History and definitions.
The term "popular culture" was coined in the 19th century or earlier. Traditionally, the term has denoted the education and general "culturedness" of the lower classes, as opposed to the "official culture" and higher or the education emanated by the dominant classes.
The stress in the distinction from "official culture" became more pronounced towards the end of the 19th century, a usage that became established by the interbellum period.
From the end of World War II, following major cultural and social changes brought by mass media innovations, the meaning of popular culture began to overlap with those of mass culture, media culture, image culture, consumer culture, and culture for mass consumption. Social and cultural changes in the United States were a pioneer in this with respect to other western countries.
The abbreviated form "pop" for popular, as in pop music, dates from the late 1950s. Although terms "pop" and "popular" are in some cases used interchangeably, and their meaning partially overlap, the term "pop" is narrower. Pop is specific of something containing qualities of mass appeal, while "popular" refers to what has gained popularity, regardless of its style.
According to John Storey, there are six definitions of popular culture. The quantitative definition of culture has the problem that much "high culture" (e.g., television dramatizations of Jane Austen) is also "popular". "Pop culture" is also defined as the culture that is "left over" when we have decided what high culture is. However, many works straddle the boundaries, e.g., Shakespeare and Charles Dickens.
A third definition equates pop culture with "mass culture" and ideas. This is seen as a commercial culture, mass-produced for mass consumption by mass media. From a Western European perspective, this may be compared to American culture. Alternatively, "pop culture" can be defined as an "authentic" culture of the people, but this can be problematic because there are many ways of defining the "people". Storey argued that there is a political dimension to popular culture; neo-Gramscian hegemony theory "... sees popular culture as a site of struggle between the 'resistance' of subordinate groups in society and the forces of 'incorporation' operating in the interests of dominant groups in society." A postmodernist approach to popular culture would "no longer recognize the distinction between high and popular culture".
Storey claims that popular culture emerges from the urbanization of the Industrial Revolution. Studies of Shakespeare (by Weimann, Barber or Bristol, for example) locate much of the characteristic vitality of his drama in its participation in Renaissance popular culture, while contemporary practitioners like Dario Fo and John McGrath use popular culture in its Gramscian sense that includes ancient folk traditions (the commedia dell'arte for example).
Popular culture changes constantly and occurs uniquely in place and time. It forms currents and eddies, and represents a complex of mutually interdependent perspectives and values that influence society and its institutions in various ways. For example, certain currents of pop culture may originate from, (or diverge into) a subculture, representing perspectives with which the mainstream popular culture has only limited familiarity. Items of popular culture most typically appeal to a broad spectrum of the public. Important contemporary contributions for understanding what popular culture means have been given by the German researcher Ronald Daus, who studies the impact of extra-European cultures in North America, Asia and especially in Latin America.
Folklore.
Adaptations based on traditional folklore provide a source of popular culture. This early layer of cultural mainstream still persists today, in a form separate from mass-produced popular culture, propagating by word of mouth rather than via mass media, e.g. in the form of jokes or urban legend. With the widespread use of the Internet from the 1990s, the distinction between mass media and word-of-mouth has become blurred.
Although the folkloric element of popular culture engages heavily with the commercial element, the public has its own tastes and it may not embrace every cultural item sold. Moreover, beliefs and opinions about the products of commercial culture spread by word-of-mouth, and become modified in the process in the same manner that folklore evolves.
In popular culture.
Owing to the pervasive and increasingly interconnected nature of popular culture, especially its intermingling of complementary distribution sources, some cultural anthropologists, literary, and cultural critics have identified a large amount of intertextuality in popular culture's portrayals of itself. One commentator has suggested this self-referentiality reflects the advancing encroachment of popular culture into every realm of collective experience. "Instead of referring to the real world, much media output devotes itself to referring to other images, other narratives; self-referentiality is all-embracing, although it is rarely taken account of."
Furthermore, the commentary on the intertextuality and its self-referential nature has itself become the subject of self-referential and recursive commentary.
Many cultural critics have dismissed this as merely a symptom or side-effect of mass consumerism; however, alternate explanations and critique have also been offered. One critic asserts that it reflects a fundamental paradox: the increase in technological and cultural sophistication, combined with an increase in superficiality and dehumanization.
Long-running television series "The Simpsons" routinely alludes to mainstream media properties, as well as the commercial content of the show itself. In the episode "Bart vs. Thanksgiving", Bart complains about the crass commercialism of the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade while watching television. When he turns his head away from the television, the screen shows an oversized inflatable balloon of Bart Simpson floating past.
According to television studies scholars specializing in quality television, such as Kristin Thompson, self-referentiality in mainstream American television (especially comedy) reflects and exemplifies the type of progression characterized previously.
Thompson argues shows such as "The Simpsons" use a "...flurry of cultural references, intentionally inconsistent characterization, and considerable self-reflexivity about television conventions and the status of the programme as a television show." Extreme examples approach a kind of thematic infinite regress wherein distinctions between art and life, commerce and critique, ridicule and homage become intractably blurred.

</doc>
<doc id="18993936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993936" title="Brzeg (disambiguation)">
Brzeg (disambiguation)

Brzeg is a town in Opole Voivodeship, south-west Poland.
Brzeg may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18993945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993945" title="Tom O'Reilly (Cavan politician)">
Tom O'Reilly (Cavan politician)

Thomas P. O'Reilly (6 August 1915 – 1 February 1995), known as Tom O'Reilly, was an Irish Gaelic footballer, politician and farmer from County Cavan. He was born at the Derries Upper, Killeshandra, County Cavan. His father was Big John O'Reilly who played as goalkeeper on the Cavan county team and his mother was Sarah Anne.
Gaelic footballer.
O'Reilly played for Cornafean and Cavan from the early 1930s until the mid-‘40’s, and was acclaimed as one of the country’s greatest midfielders for much of that period. His footballing ability and his large build earned him the name "Big Tom". His brother John Joe O'Reilly was also a noted Cavan footballer.
Big Tom first played for Cornafean on the club's junior team which progressed to the Junior Championship semi-final in 1931. Although only sixteen years old, he quickly made a big impression and was at centrefield a year later on the senior team which defeated Bailieboro in the county final. He continued to star as a midfielder for Cornafean until he retired in 1948. He won a total of nine Cavan Senior Football Championship medals and captained Cornafean on than seven of those occasions.
However, it was to be his contribution to the Cavan county team that earned him enduring national renown. A star for the county minors and juniors in 1932, he made his debut for the Cavan seniors a year later, and played a key role at midfield when Cavan defeated Galway in the 1933 All-Ireland Football Final. He won a second All Ireland medal two years later and played on the losing Cavan teams in the 1937, 1943 and 1945 finals. He captained the county side from 1937 to 1945 and was still on the Cavan panel when they won the famous 1947 All-Ireland Football final in the Polo Grounds in New York. He was also a regular on the Ulster teams for the Railway Cup in 1940s.
Politics.
O'Reilly was elected to Dáil Éireann as an independent Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cavan constituency at the 1944 general election. He stood as a Fine Gael candidate at the 1948 general election, but was defeated by another independent candidate, and did not stand for the Dáil again.
In later life, he was a successful businessman.

</doc>
<doc id="18993948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993948" title="BWPing">
BWPing

BWPing is a tool to measure bandwidth and response times between two hosts using Internet Control Message Protocol (ICMP) echo request/echo reply mechanism. It does not require any special software on the remote host. The only requirement is the ability to respond on ICMP echo request messages. BWPing supports both IPv4 and IPv6 networks.
Command syntax.
Available options are:
License.
This utility is available under BSD License.
Problems and issues.
Although BWPing does not require any special software on the remote host (only the ability to respond on ICMP echo request messages), there are some special requirements to network infrastructure, local and remote host performance:
If some of these requirements are not satisfied then the measurement results will be inadequate or fail completely. In general, for testing bandwidth where QoS is implemented, always test with traffic that matches the QoS class to be tested.

</doc>
<doc id="18993952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993952" title="Ostrowsko">
Ostrowsko

Ostrowsko may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18993954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993954" title="Barefoot">
Barefoot

Barefoot (also barefooted) is the state of not wearing any footwear. While for functional, fashion, and social reasons footwear is generally worn, the wearing of footwear volitionally is exclusively a human characteristic and is a feature of many human societies, especially outdoors and not in an exclusively private context. Many people do not wear footwear in their home, and some expect visitors to do the same.
Many people regard the wearing of footwear as a sign of civilization and being barefoot as a sign of poverty. Even when poverty is not relevant, some choose to be barefoot, at least in some situations.
There are health risks and benefits associated with going barefoot. Footwear provides protection from cuts, abrasions, and bruises from objects on the ground, as well as from frostbite and parasites like hookworm. However, some shoes can limit the flexibility and mobility of the foot and can lead to higher incidences of flat feet or toes that curve inward. Walking barefoot results in a more natural gait, allowing for a more rocking motion of the foot and eliminating the hard heel strike and generating less collision force in the foot and lower leg.
Many stores, restaurants, and other public venues in the United States have dress codes against bare feet. While private business owners are free to set their own policies, many cite nonexistent health regulations, though these typically are requirements that pertain to employees, not customers. Many people believe that it is illegal to operate a motor vehicle barefoot, though there are no laws in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and other places against it.
There are many sports that people play barefoot, including running, water skiing, beach volleyball, gymnastics, and martial arts. In modern language, someone who prefers not to wear shoes in public is known as a barefooter. The term may be used to describe someone participating in certain sports, such as barefoot skiing or barefoot running.
Historical and religious aspects.
Many people in ancient times, such as the Egyptians, Hindus and Greeks, saw little need for footwear and, most of the time, preferred being barefoot. The Egyptians and Hindus made some use of ornamental footwear, such as a soleless sandal known as a "Cleopatra", which did not provide any practical protection for the foot. Athletes in the Ancient Olympic Games participated barefoot – and naked. Even the gods and heroes were primarily depicted barefoot, the hoplite warriors fought battles in bare feet, and Alexander the Great conquered his vast empire with barefoot armies.
The Romans, who eventually conquered the Greeks and adopted many aspects of their culture, did not adopt the Greek perception of footwear and clothing. Roman clothing was seen as a sign of power, and footwear was seen as a necessity of living in a civilized world, although the slaves and paupers usually went barefoot. There are many references to shoes being worn in the Bible. During weddings of this period, a father would give his son-in-law a pair of shoes to symbolize the transfer of authority.
During the Middle Ages, both men and women wore pattens, commonly seen as the predecessor of the modern high-heeled shoe, while the poor and lower classes in Europe were barefoot. In the 15th century, chopines were created in Turkey and were usually 7-8 inches (17.7-20.3 cm) high. These shoes became popular in Venice and throughout Europe as a status symbol revealing wealth and social standing. During the 16th century, royalty started wearing high-heeled shoes to make them look taller or larger than life, such as Catherine de Medici or Mary I of England. By 1580, even men wore them, and a person with authority or wealth was often referred to as "well-heeled".
The phrase "Barefoot and pregnant" is now used to illustrate a woman's traditional role as a homemaker and thus her lack of opportunities to socialize or to have a career outside of the home. It was first used in the early 20th century, possibly by Dr. Arthur E. Hertzler (also known as the "Kansas Horse-and-Buggy Doctor"), promoting a hypothesis that:
Bare feet have come to symbolize innocence or childhood. The connection to childhood and innocence, as well as the simple joys of country life, are embodied in the poem "The Barefoot Boy" by John Greenleaf Whittier, published in 1855. Additionally, the book "Dancing Barefoot" by "" actor Wil Wheaton features five short stories that chronicle his journey from childhood and youth through to maturity and self-acceptance.
Religious aspects.
In many religions, bare feet are often seen as a sign of humility and respect, and some religious practitioners may have taken a vow of poverty. The art of many cultures throughout the world shows a person without shoes symbolizing poverty. In Thailand, Master Jinshen, a Buddhist monk, walks per day barefoot as a reminder to others who pursue a material life to protect and be concerned for Mother Nature. He states that he does this to follow Buddhist rules, to lead the people to the path of virtue, and to develop his Buddhist spirit. It is customary in Judaism and some Christian denominations to go barefoot while mourning. Some Christian churches practice barefoot pilgrimage traditions, such as the ascent of Croagh Patrick in Ireland at night while barefoot (although the nighttime part is no longer encouraged).
In many religions, it is common to remove shoes when entering a place considered holy. For example, in the Book of Exodus, Moses was instructed to remove his shoes before approaching the burning bush:
Everyone entering a mosque or a Hindu temple, including visitors, is expected to remove his or her shoes; racks for the storage of shoes are usually provided at the entrance.
Foot washing, or the ceremonial washing of others' feet, is associated with humility in Christianity, and Jesus Christ is recorded in the New Testament as washing the feet of his disciples as a way to serve them during the Last Supper. Christians that practice foot washing today do so as a way to bring them closer to Jesus and to fill them with a sense of humility and service. Roman Catholics show their respect and humility for the Pope by kissing his feet, in a similar manner in which Hindus show their love and respect to a guru by touching his bare feet (called pranam). It is customary to show one's respect by walking barefoot around Raj Ghat, the monument to Mahatma Gandhi. Both United States President George W. Bush and Pope John Paul II paid him this honor. During the Imperial Japanese period, removing one's shoes in the presence of a person of higher status was a sign of showing one's own humility and respect towards their status.
Christian congregations of men and women that go entirely barefoot or wear sandals include the Discalced, like the Discalced Carmelites (1568), the Feuillants (Cistercians, 1575), the Trinitarians (1594), the Mercedarians (1604), and the Passionists.
Cultural aspects.
Incidences and attitudes towards barefoot walking vary between countries and cultures. In the early 1900s, Russian immigrant Samuel Sugarman, a.k.a. "Barefoot Sam" or "Shoeless Sam", became famous in Hartford, Connecticut, for going barefoot all year long, even in snow and ice, until his death in 1954 at age 80. Samuel Sugarman was the son of noted health advocate Prof. Louis Sugarman of Little Falls, New York, who became famous for walking barefoot in the snow and bathing in the icy Mohawk River in the middle of winter. According to a February 22, 1950, interview in the "Hartford Courant" ("Of Many Things" by Thomas Murphy), Shoeless Sam felt walking barefoot was better for the feet and claimed it was as natural for him to go without shoes as it was for others to wear shoes. Despite this, he was seen as an eccentric (see also photo link at footnote).
In some parts of the United States, where taboos against barefoot walking are strongest, it is not unusual for people to wear the same shoes indoors and outdoors, and for guests to keep their shoes on when visiting other people's houses. In contrast, in many cultures such a behavior is considered inappropriate, if not rude or indeed unacceptable. It may be acceptable to wear outdoor shoes in public places (e.g., museums or libraries), but people are usually expected to go barefoot, or wear socks or slippers, inside dwellings. In some countries, such as Japan and India, the host is expected to provide light slippers for all visitors. Amongst other things, this practice serves the purpose of minimizing the amount of dirt and mud brought in from the outside.
In many branches of Romani culture across the world, it is traditional for women to dance barefoot.
Firewalking.
Firewalking is the practice of walking barefoot over hot coals. It has been practiced by many people and cultures in all parts of the world, with the earliest known reference dating back to Iron Age India – c. 1200 BC. It is often used as a rite of passage, as a test of an individual's strength and courage, or, in religion, as a test of one's faith. Today, it is often used in corporate and team-building seminars and self-help workshops as a confidence-building exercise. Firewalking implies the belief that the feat requires the aid of a supernatural force, strong faith, or on an individual's ability to focus on "mind over matter". Modern physics has largely debunked this, showing that the amount of time the foot is in contact with the ground is not enough to induce a burn, combined with the fact that coal is not a very good conductor of heat.
Imprisonment and slavery.
In several countries it is conventional to incarcerate prison inmates barefoot, it was customary for the handling of slaves in former times likewise. 
The distinctive particularity of exposed bare feet is hereby availed to form a manifest visual contrast to the conventional civic appearance comprising footwear as a standard feature.
In addition the freedom of action is effectively diminished for the person who is constrained to remain barefoot. By withholding the commonplace protection of the feet against physical harm the shoeless person is hereby rendered particularly vulnerable and susceptible to external impacts including any adversities of the terrain.
The common effect of humiliation, which is induced by the applicable living conditions of imprisonment the unfree person has to endure, is usually further complemented under the appreciation of both interacting aspects.
Since ancient times it is common practice in all civil societies to wear shoes. Utilizing this factor it was an integral part of most slave laws ("slave codes") to mandate that slaves have to go barefoot permanently as a matter of course. For example, the Cape Town slave code states that, "Slaves must go barefoot and must carry passes." This was seen in states that abolished slavery later in history, such as Brazil, as most images from the slavery period suggest that slaves were barefoot. 
As shoes have been considered as badges of freedom since biblical times
""But the father said to his servants, Bring forth the best robe, and put on him; and put a ring on his hand, and shoes on [his feet ()""
this aspect had again become a formally valid law. A barefoot person could be clearly identified as a slave upon first sight. For free people going barefoot was therefore socially proscribed and avoided accordingly. In many US-states this perception is prevailing to this day as regular shoes are also worn privately and going barefoot is placed under taboo (see above: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barefoot#Cultural_aspects).
In certain societies this rule is valid to this day, as the with the Tuareg slavery is still unofficially practiced and their slaves have to go barefoot.
In Zimbabwe as well as many other countries prisoners are being incarcerated barefoot.
Arts and entertainment.
Many singers and dancers perform on stage barefoot. The classical dance of Cambodia had its roots in the holy dances of the legendary seductresses ("apsaras") of ancient Cambodia and attained its high point during the Angkor period in its interpretations of the Indian epics, especially the "Ramayana". Cambodian dancers were well-born women of the king's harem and danced barefoot, with the feet turned outwards and the legs slightly bent at the knee to cushion the movements of the upper body. The unimpeded movement of the foot was essential to the art. When the land was invaded by the Thai, the dancers were taken to the Thai court, where their art was adapted and continued to flourish.
The barefoot dance movement of the early 20th century challenged the received laws of classical dance and the broader laws of social decorum. For decades, the bare foot had been perceived as obscene, and no matter how determined barefoot dancers were to validate their art with reference to spiritual, artistic, historic, and organic concepts, barefoot dancing was inextricably linked in the public mind with indecency and sexual taboo. In 1908, Maud Allan shocked and fascinated London theatre-goers with her barefoot dance of desire in "Salome", and scandalous tributes positioned her as the embodiment of lust. For many, barefoot dancing represented not only the freedom and horror of modern sexuality but the progress and decline of high culture.
Californian Isadora Duncan revolutionized dance in the Western world by jettisoning the tutu and the pointe shoe of classical ballet and scandalized audiences by performing works of her own choreography in flowing draperies and bare feet. She anticipated the modern women's liberation movement by urging women to rid themselves of corsets and matrimony. Duncan divorced the bare foot from perceptions of obscenity and made a conscious effort to link barefoot dancing to ideals such as "nudity, childhood, the idyllic past, flowing lines, health, nobility, ease, freedom, simplicity, order, and harmony". She believed her utopian dance vision and program would ameliorate the perceived ills of modern life and restore the world to the imagined perfection of Ancient Greece.
The 1954 film "The Barefoot Contessa" tells the fictional story of Maria Vargas (portrayed by Ava Gardner), a Spanish cabaret dancer of simple origins who frequently went barefoot. She was cast in a movie by writer and director Harry Dawes (portrayed by Humphrey Bogart) and became a major star. In 1978, Ina Garten purchased a specialty food store in The Hamptons named "Barefoot Contessa", after the movie. She liked the name because it went well with her simple and elegant cooking style. She sold the store in 1999 and wrote her first book, "The Barefoot Contessa Cookbook", which became one of the best-selling cookbooks of the year. She would go on to write more cookbooks and, in 2002, started production of a television show on the Food Network, also named the "Barefoot Contessa", which continues to run.
In the latter half of the 20th century, many singers have performed barefoot. One of the first singers to become well known for singing barefoot on stage is Sandie Shaw, who became known as the "Barefoot Pop Princess of the 1960s." Jimmy Buffett is known for performing barefoot at concerts, promoting an island/beach bum lifestyle, and Cesária Évora of Cape Verde was known as the "Barefoot Diva" for her habit of performing sans shoes. Other performers include Shakira and Gwen Stefani. Some singers may believe that being barefoot allows them to channel their vocal energy better – a theory based on the teachings of the alternative medicine of reflexology. Others may do so to provide a more relaxing atmosphere and to calm them down.
Tony Meléndez and Mark Goffeney have played the guitar on stage barefoot, with their feet, since they were born with no arms. Similarly, in 2008, Jessica Cox became the first person with no arms to use her bare feet to fly an airplane. There are armless artists who use their bare feet to paint, including Simona Atzori, who is a dancer.
Health implications.
There are risks and benefits associated with going barefoot. While footwear provides some protection from puncture wounds from glass, nails, rocks, or thorns as well as abrasions, bruises, and frostbite, studies of people who habitually walk barefoot have consistently found that these problems are minimal, with only about 0.89% of barefoot people having any kind of foot complaint which could be linked to walking barefoot (including temporary conditions such as abrasions) or having the tops of the feet uncovered. Feet that have never worn shoes never exhibit problems such as bunions, corns, and 'fallen arches', as well as having a much reduced incidence of problems such as callouses.
Walking barefoot results in a more natural gait. People who are used to walking barefoot tend to land with the forefoot or mid-foot, eliminating the hard heel strike and generating much less collision force in the foot and lower leg. A 2006 study found that shoes may increase stress on the knee and ankle, and suggested that adults that walked barefoot may have a lower rate of osteoarthritis, although more study is required to elucidate the factors that distribute loads in shod and barefoot walking. A 2007 study examined 180 modern humans and compared their feet with 2,000-year-old skeletons. They concluded that, before the invention of shoes, humans overall had healthier feet. A 1991 study found that children who wore shoes were three times more likely to have flat feet than those who did not, and suggested that wearing shoes in early childhood can be detrimental to the longitudinal arch of the foot. Children who habitually go barefoot were found to have stronger feet, with better flexibility and mobility, fewer deformities like flat feet or toes that curve inwards, and fewer complaints. Walking barefoot enables a more natural gait, eliminating the hard heel strike and instead, allowing for a rocking motion of the foot from heel to toe. Similarly, barefoot running usually involves an initial forefoot strike, instead of on the rear of the foot, generating smaller collision forces.
Since there is no artificial protection of the bare foot, some of the possible issues include cuts, abrasions, bruises, or puncture wounds from glass, nails, rocks, or thorns, as well as poisonous plants, animals, or parasites can enter the body through the cuts on an injured bare foot. In people who are not habitually barefoot, Athlete's foot is spread by fungal spores coming into contact with skin that has been weakened and made moist. The fungus is known to only affect around 0.75% of habitually barefoot people and can be prevented by reducing shoe use and keeping the feet dry, particularly after walking through a damp environment where people communally walk barefoot as the fungus only develops under the right conditions, such as when people fail to properly dry their feet after swimming or showering and then put on shoes. As such, the fungus is very unlikely to develop on a person who goes barefoot all the time.
The Hookworm parasite, found only in warm, moist, climates where human feces contaminated with Hookworm larvae has been left in places where it might come into contact with human skin, can burrow through a bare human foot (or any part of the body that comes into contact with it). However, as the parasite tends to be found mainly in mud and cesspools, its spread cannot be stopped by most standard shoes since the larvae can penetrate fabric and small holes. The parasite may spread through contaminated material coming into contact with any part of the body, such as through flecks of mud splashing on an ankle or leg. The Hookworm parasite is relatively mild, has few symptoms, and can pass completely unnoticed when the infestation level is low enough. Since the hookworm infection is very cheap and easy to treat, and since it requires infected feces to come into contact with human skin within a particular time period, eradicating hookworm is mainly a matter of hygiene (including the building of proper toilet and waste-disposal facilities) and mass-treatment. In very cold weather, shoes can provide thermal insulation, protecting against frostbite.
Issues that can develop as a result of someone who has always worn shoes going barefoot include calf pain or Achilles tendinitis or plantar fasciitis due to shortening of the Achilles tendon and the foot being underdeveloped, due to regular use of shoes. A careful transition will ease or remove the symptoms, which will quickly vanish as the foot adapts. Blisters on the feet may occur in the first few weeks of going barefoot, until the skin has become more robust. In addition, individuals with diabetes or other conditions which affect sensation within the feet are at greater risk of injury while barefoot.
Laws.
A number of myths have existed from time to time about regulations requiring the wearing of footwear. In the United States, during the period of the counterculture movement of the 1960s, business establishments would deny admittance to barefoot hippies arguing that health regulations required that shoes be worn. This led to a belief by many in nonexistent OSHA or local health department regulations preventing people from going to stores, restaurants, and other establishments without shoes. However, those regulations that exist apply only to employees, and not customers. Specifically, the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration requires employers to "ensure that each affected employee uses protective footwear" when there is a danger of foot injuries due to falling or rolling objects, objects piercing the sole of an employee's foot, and where an employee's feet may be exposed to electrical hazards. Additionally, employee footwear, where required by OSHA, must comply with one of the standards described in OSHA's regulations. State and local laws may dictate when and where an employee must wear shoes.
There are no state health codes that require customers to wear shoes, as was demonstrated by a project undertaken by The Society for Barefoot Living in 1997, and again in 2002. Individual businesses, however, are free to refuse service to customers without footwear or clothing that they deem inappropriate, as stated on "No Shoes, No Shirt, No Service" (or similar) signs. Individual cities and towns may require certain footwear in public places. In August 2009, Burger King admitted that it took this rule perhaps a bit too far when employees at a Sunset Hills, Missouri restaurant asked a woman to leave because her six-month-old baby was barefoot.
It is not illegal to drive a motor vehicle while barefoot. Some people speculate that driving barefoot increases the risk of an accident if bare feet slip off the pedals. It is legal throughout the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom to drive barefoot. However, in some jurisdictions, police officers may ticket a driver for other things if the fact that they were driving barefoot or in flip-flops/high heeled shoes hindered their driving and/or resulted in an accident.
Sports and recreation.
There are several recreational activities one can participate in while barefoot. Those involved in water sports such as swimming and water polo almost always participate barefoot due to the difficulty of swimming with footwear.
Other common activities performed barefoot include hiking, running, water skiing, beach volleyball, surfing, tubing, gymnastics, and martial arts. Wrestling can be done barefoot. Although most modern Greco-Roman and WWE wrestlers wear shoes, sumo wrestling, Yağlı güreş (oil or "Turkish" wrestling), and mud wrestling are commonly done while barefoot. Fijian wrestler Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka of the WWE has wrestled barefoot as well. American football is not traditionally a barefoot sport, though several placekickers have preferred to kick barefoot, including Tony Franklin of the Philadelphia Eagles and Rich Karlis of the Denver Broncos. The two schools of thought involved in barefoot placekicking were that the lack of a shoe provided the kicker with a better "feel" for the ball and greater control over its trajectory. The second theory is that shoes and socks absorbed kinetic energy, and kicking flesh-to-leather created more torque.
Hiking.
People of all ages all over the world can participate in barefoot hiking, gathering for walks through forest and hiking trails sans footwear. Barefoot hikers claim that they feel a sense of communion with the earth and enjoy the sheer pleasure of feeling more of the world with their feet. There are several clubs throughout North America practicing regular barefoot hikes, including the Barefoot Hikers of Minnesota, Seattle Barefoot Hikers, East Bay Barefoot Hikers, the Barefoot Hikers and Grass Walkers of Greater Kansas City, and the Barefoot Hikers of Connecticut. Two sisters, Lucy and Susan Letcher, hiked approximately two-thirds of the Appalachian Trail barefoot from June 21, 2000, to October 3, 2001. On November 12, 2010, 2,500 people in Mahabubnagar, India, participated in a barefoot walk, which was recognized by "Guinness World Records" as the world's largest.
In European nations, including Austria, Denmark, France, Germany, Hungary, Switzerland and the United Kingdom, there are barefoot parks or walks. These parks are kept clean and maintained on a regular basis, so that barefoot hiking can be done in an environment suitable for people who are habitually shod. Barefoot parks usually include a lot of adventure stations, allowing visitors to experience the feeling of soil textures underfoot; to wade through rivers, mud, brooks, or ponds; and to exercise foot gymnastics, balancing and climbing. The "Barfußpfad" (barefoot trail) at Bad Sobernheim in Germany attracts over 100,000 visitors annually and has seen approximately 1 million visitors since its inception in 1999.
This concept was first developed in the 19th century by Sebastian Kneipp, one of the founders of the Naturopathic medicine movement. He believed that applying your feet to a range of natural stimuli would have therapeutic benefits. This is related to the ancient practice of reflexology, practiced in China for thousands of years for relaxation and to promote longevity.
Seoul, South Korea, has 158 barefoot parks, allowing people to relax in a natural environment.
Running.
Many leisure and competitive runners have been known to run barefoot, including well-known athletes Zola Budd of South Africa and Abebe Bikila of Ethiopia. Todd Ragsdale, of Talent, Oregon, set the world record (pending confirmation by "Guinness World Records") for the longest distance run barefoot on June 5, 2010, as part of the Relay for Life fundraiser for the American Cancer Society. He logged , or 413 laps on the South Medford High School track, barefoot. The fastest person to run 100 meters (325 feet) on ice while barefoot is Nico Surings of Eindhoven, Netherlands, who ran that distance in 17.35 seconds on December 8, 2006. Laboratory studies suggest that, due to the lack of extra weight on the feet, the energy cost of running barefoot is reduced by 4%, resulting in lower oxygen consumption. There is evidence that wearing traditional shoes while running leads to heel strike gait that, in turn, leads to higher impact as well as a greater risk of injury. Barefoot running encourages the runner to switch to forefoot strike and may reduce the risk of knee damage.
Barefoot running can be dangerous, especially to runners who do not adequately prepare or give their feet time to adapt to the new style. Many injuries are possible, such as injuries to the Achilles tendon or plantar fascia, or stress fractures in the metatarsal bones or lower leg. Barefoot runners who do not prepare their bodies could provide, "a stimulus plan for podiatrists, orthopedists, and physical therapists."
The official position on barefoot running by the American Podiatric Medical Association states that there is not enough research on the immediate- and long-term benefits of the practice and that individuals should consult a podiatrist with a strong background in sports medicine to make an informed decision on all aspects of their running and training programs.
One alternative to barefoot running is to wear thin-soled shoes with minimal padding, such as moccasins, plimsolls, or huaraches, which result in similar gait to going barefoot but protect the skin and keep dirt and water off. Some modern shoe manufacturers have recently designed footwear to maintain optimum flexibility while providing a minimum amount of protection. Such shoes include the Feelmax, Vibram FiveFingers, the EVO shoe by Terra Plana, and the Nike Free. Sales of minimalist running shoes have grown into a $1.7 billion industry. Sales of Vibram FiveFingers alone grew from $450,000 in 2006 to $50 million in 2011.
Water skiing.
Barefoot skiing originated in Winter Haven, Florida, in 1947, when slalom skier A.G. Hancock tried to step off his ski. The same year, in Cypress Gardens, Florida, competitive skier Richard Downing Pope, Jr., became well known in the sport of barefoot skiing. The first barefoot skiing competition was held three years later, at the 1950 Cypress Gardens Dixie Championships. In 1978, skiers from ten nations competed in the first World Barefoot Championships in Canberra, Australia. The same year, the American Barefoot Club (ABC) was formed, which governs competitive barefoot skiing events in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18993956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993956" title="Midlands 1 East">
Midlands 1 East

Midlands 1 East is an English Rugby Union League made up of clubs from the East Midlands of England, with promoted sides usually entering National Division 3 - Midlands (formerly Midlands 1). Relegated teams drop down to either Midlands 2 East (North) or Midlands 2 East (South), depending on location and other factors.
On the league hierarchy it is level 6.
Teams 2008/9.
Ampthill promoted as Champions to newly formed National Division 3 - Midlands.

</doc>
<doc id="18993957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993957" title="Erick Fornaris">
Erick Fornaris

Erick Fornaris Álvarez (born January 2, 1979 in Ciudad de La Habana) is a male diver from Cuba. He represented his native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2000 (Sydney, Australia). Fornaris won two silver medals at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="18993962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993962" title="Philip Manington">
Philip Manington

Philip Manington arrived as the first magistrate of the Prince of Wales' Island (Penang Island) and governed the land as Superintendent and acting governor of Prince of Wales' Island, after Sir Francis Light, from 1794. Ill health caused by the unhealthy living conditions at the time forced him to resign in 1796. He was succeeded by Major Forbes Ross MacDonald. Philip Manington, also developed major plantations of pepper in the Air Itam district of Penang island. When Philip Manington died in 1807, his estate "in the district of Ayer Etam, called Mount Felix, on the left side of the road leading to the Flagstaff Hill, about four and a half miles from town" and said to contain 25,000 pepper vines, was put up for auction.

</doc>
<doc id="18993963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993963" title="Kristian Mathias Fimland">
Kristian Mathias Fimland

Kristian Mathias Fimland (born 16 February 1889) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Østfold during the term 1950–1953.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18993966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993966" title="Daystar Clarion">
Daystar Clarion

Daystar Clarion is the fictional sword which appears frequently throughout Elizabeth Haydon's the Symphony of Ages series. It is originally introduced after being found within a stalactite, jutting out from the walls of the root tunnel, as Rhapsody (The Symphony of Ages) and her two companions travelled the roots of the tree Sagia, across time and the world.
Origin.
The sword, as told to Rhapsody and her companions by Llauron after they have emerged from the root of the tree, was consecrated to the element of fire and stars, ether. The sword was forged with a piece of the star Seren (the star of Serendair) in it. As the fleets of ships escaped the island of Serendair, one of the warriors on board to protect the passengers of the first fleet was Oelendra. She carried the Daystar Clarion to the other side of the world, using its flame to guide the ships through the dangerous passage. This explained Achmed's incorrect assumption that when they found the sword this meant the trio had in fact gone the wrong way, and were back in Serendair.
Rhapsody.
The Daystar Clarion came into Rhapsody's possession most likely because of her elemental bond to fire after crossing the fires at the centre of the earth. With her new bond to fire, as she passed the lodged sword in the tunnel, it began to glow. She removed it from the rock and from that point on became her primary weapon, and extremely useful to her.
Effect and Usage.
The sword, when held by Rhapsody and removed from its sheath, is in fact, on fire. Thus, when she stabs her opponents with the sword, the wounds are often immediately cauterized, and there is little blood spilled even with lethal blows. It can also be used by Rhapsody to call down starfire upon an enemy, such as when she did so with Anwyn.
Real Life Equivalent.
On Haydon's official site for the series, she notes that "Daystar Clarion, the ancient flaming sword in the story, is modeled on a 14th century Italian sword with a quillon, or finger guard."

</doc>
<doc id="18993969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993969" title="Symphony of Ages">
Symphony of Ages

The Symphony of Ages is a series of fantasy–romance books by Elizabeth Haydon. The books tell the story of Rhapsody, a young singer of considerable talent who travels across time to a new land only to learn that it was foretold in a prophecy. Along with her two companions, Rhapsody fights to reunite a kingdom ravaged by war and long-standing prejudice.
The books in the series are as follows:
Plot.
Fourteen-year-old Gwydion is transported into a nearly one and one half millennia distant past to the Isle of Serendair by the mysterious Meridion. There he meets and falls in love with the young farmer's daughter Emily. They want to marry, yet when Gwydion goes to propose, he is taken back to his own time by Meridion. The devastated Emily runs away from home in search of him. 
Seven years later Emily, now called Rhapsody, lives in the town of Easton. A former prostitute, she studies to become a Namer and Singer, a profession which gives her semi-magical abilities. When she is pursued by the underlings of her former client Michael, who is obsessed with her, Rhapsody tries to enlist help of two Firbolg, accidentally renaming one of them, a ruthless assassin then called The Brother to Achmed the Snake. Against her will, she is forced by Achmed and his friend Grunthor to accompany them on a journey through the center of the Earth, along the root of Sagia, the Holy Tree. 
After a long time the three emerge on the opposite side of the Earth and learn that fourteen hundred years have passed. The lands in which they find themselves were settled by refugees from Serendair, which had been destroyed a very long time ago. Moreover, the original colonists, who sailed there with their king Gwylliam, crossed on their way from Serendair the meridian and thus became immortal (no longer aging, but still able to be killed or die of illness). Their descendants born already in the new lands are only extremely long-lived, though.
The people from Serendair, called "Cymrians" by the natives, created a large, prosperous empire under the reign of King Gwylliam and his half-dragon wife, Anwyn, who held the titles of Lord and Lady Cymrian. Then the royal couple started to fight each other – the result was a great war between each of their followers, which lasted for many centuries. Now, several centuries after the war's end, the lands are divided in many independent domains. 
Rhapsody, Achmed and Grunthor, who had formed a strong friendship during their journey through the Earth, travel through the unknown territory, which should become their new home. They meet and befriend several natives – Llauron the Invoker, the manipulative High Priest of the Filidic order; Stephen Navarne, the kind widowed Duke of Navarne; and Ashe, a mysterious traveller with a magical sword and a dangerous secret. 
Achmed, accompanied by Grunthor and Rhapsody, travels to Canrif, the devastated former capital of the Cymrian Empire, now inhabited by the monster-like Firbolg. With force, wit and courage he seizes control of the place, uniting all Firbolg tribes and becoming a king of their realm, Ylorc. 
Soon it becomes apparent that something very strange is happening in the neighbouring countries – such as pointless bloody raids and kidnapping of children. This is the doing of a F'dor, a bloodthirsty fire demon from the Old World, bent on creating havoc and destruction. Rhapsody, Achmed and Grunthor team up to defeat the F'dor. Rhapsody finds again her childhood love - Ashe, who is in fact Gwydion of Manosse, grandson of Gwylliam and Anwyn. Together they are able to unite the Cymrians again - as the newly elected Lord and Lady Cymrian.
The books following the original Rhapsody Trilogy (which consisted of "Rhapsody", "Prophecy" and "Destiny") describe the lives of our heroes after a 3-year gap. Ashe and Rhapsody, now Lord and Lady Cymrian, are planning to start a family. Achmed and Grunthor continue to rebuild Ylorc to its former glory. Achmed's most important project is the restoration of an ancient machine called the Light Catcher, a device that could be very beneficial but also very dangerous. In the Sorbold Empire, which neighbours the Cymrian Alliance, the rich power-hungry merchant Talquist plots to became the new Emperor after murdering the Empress Dowager and her son, leaving the empire without an heir. Also, a new F'dor emerges. After a twist of events Rhapsody gives birth to a son, Meridion. Talquist becomes obsessed with capturing the baby, convinced that the "Child of Time" could bring him immortality. His actions ultimately lead to the beginning of a war.
Geography.
Serendair (literally 'Star-land') is the lost island depicted the series. It was the place where time began, where the ancient Seren — a race of tall, golden-skinned people born of the stars — first settled.
Early in Serendair's history, a star named Melita fell from the sky and into the sea, wiping out half of the island's land mass. As the race of man began to prosper on the island as well, the star at the bottom of the ocean became known as the Sleeping Child, and people believed that one day it would rise from the waves and take the rest of the Island with it.
The island was destroyed by the star during the reign of King Gwylliam, who had foreseen the terrible destruction. He sent a Seren man, Merithyn the Explorer, to find an uninhabited land on which the culture and the people of Serendair could be preserved after the island's death. Merithyn landed in the realm of dragon Elynsynos, who fell in love with him and as a result allowed his kinsmen to come and settle in her lands. 
Almost all of the races from Serendair were represented on the three refugee fleets, but many of the elder races, such as the Lirin, stayed behind, spending the remainder of their days singing to Sagia, the Oak of Deep Roots, known to the Lirin as Yliessan, the holy place.
As well as being used in The Symphony of Ages series, Serendair is the island where a young Nain boat-builder, Ven Polypheme, is taken after being found at sea among the wreckage of his ship. This takes place in "The Floating Island", part of Elizabeth Haydon's The Lost Journals of Ven Polypheme series, an individual work set as a kind of pre-history to The Symphony of Ages.
Characters.
Rhapsody.
Rhapsody is the child of a Human father and a Liringlas (Skysinger) mother. She is a talented Singer, healer and herbalist and has been taught the magical lore of Naming. Besides being independent and strong-willed, she is also extremely compassionate and always goes out of her way to help people. She and Achmed are sometimes described as opposites or two sides of the same coin.
Rhapsody was born as Amelia Rhapsody Turner, nicknamed Emily, in the farming village of Merryfield on the island of Serendair. She was the sixth child and only daughter of a human farmer and his Liringlas wife. 
On the eve of her 14th birthday, she met a boy known as Sam. Sam was actually Gwydion of Manosse, a prince from nearly 1,400 years in the future, brought to Serendair by Meridion in order to alter history. Sam and Emily quickly fell in love, but Sam vanished and was brought back to his own time. Shortly afterwards, armed soldiers entered Merryfield, looking for a strange outlander. Emily, fearing for Sam's life, fled Merryfield to warn him, but lost the guards in the city of Easton.
During her time as a prostitute one client in particular, called Michael, became obsessed with Rhapsody. He grew as a power in the area in which she lived. Rhapsody was completing her studies when a minion of said monster tried to fetch her back to him. In eluding Michael's men she met 'The Brother' and Grunthor, adopting them to convince the town guard they were her brothers and in doing so accidentally renamed 'The Brother' as 'Achmed the Snake.' In renaming Achmed, she inadvertently released him from the slavery he had been suffering under the power of the F'dor Tsoltan, a demonic entity bent on destroying the world. In order to ensure that no harm would come of his renaming, Achmed took Rhapsody with him to Sagia and into the tree, leading her along the Axis Mundi away from the destruction of Serendair. Rhapsody remained convinced that he did this to save her from Michael, not seeing his true intentions.
When Rhapsody, Achmed, and Grunthor emerge from the root, they have no idea where they are. Rhapsody, as the only one of the fellowship who could blend in among humanity, approached the Filid Tanist - Khaddyr - who took her to Llauron the Invoker, the leader of the Filid order. Llauron, immediately calculating that Rhapsody's breath-taking beauty (enhanced by her mystical journey through the world's heart), could be used to his advantage, took her in while Rhapsody waited for the moment when she could reconnect with Achmed and Grunthor. Rhapsody then learns that the Island she called home, Serendair, was actually destroyed in a cataclysm some 1500 years before, and was buried beneath the sea. Llauron begins to suspect that Rhapsody is not of his time, but still teaches her much of the lore of this new land. She learns as much as she can, suspecting that Achmed will find it useful. While there, she learns of a land once called Canrif, now called Ylorc, the present home of a race of humanoids called the Firbolg, or simply the Bolg. When Achmed and Grunthor return to her, she tells them of this place and its location; the Three then decide to journey there, and see if Canrif could become habitable.
Achmed.
Achmed is a sarcastic, cynical and often offensive character, who always follows his own agenda in the first place, but he retains his loyalty to those he cares most for. He is extremely hideous and even adult men are scared by his looks. He wears black, hooded robes and covers his face with cloth, not only to hide his ugliness but mainly because he has exposed nerves and veins on his face that are very sensitive to vibrations of the outside world. He always carries with him his signature weapon, the cwellan – a crossbow-like weapon of his own making. He is very distrustful and dislikes taking risks; he hates acting without a plan and must always be in control of every aspect of a situation. There are only two people Achmed truly cares for - Grunthor and Rhapsody. Achmed has very strong feelings for Rhapsody, but never tries to change their relationship into anything more than friendship. This is substantially because of Ashe, the part dragon Rhapsody loves. Achmed maintains that he will have Rhapsody when Ashe either dies or fully embraces his dragon heritage, as Achmed and Rhapsody are both immortal.
He is half Dhracian (on his mother's side) and half Firbolg. He was born with the name of Ysk, (sputum) and was renamed as a child by a master namer on Serendair to Brother (brother to all akin to none). This gave him the ability to feel heartbeats of all inhabitants of the island through a combination of his Dhracian heritage and his blood lore. He lost this ability after he was renamed by Rhaspody to Achmed the snake, and traveled to the opposite side of the Earth fleeing the Fdor who imprisoned him with his one true name. In the new realm this ability is almost entirely gone, and now he can sense only heartbeats of the few hundred surviving original Serendarians (but not of their descendants who were not born on Serendair), including those of Rhapsody and Grunthor. He gained a new ability however, given to him by Rhapsody, who named him "pathfinder" – this gave him the gift of following paths with his mind upon concentration.
Achmed grew up among the Firbolg, who didn't treat him well because of his mixed blood. His original name was "Ysk" (meaning spit or venom), given to him at birth because of his non-Firbolg looks. Years later his Dhracian menthor, Father Halphasion, renamed him to "the Brother ", stating he was "brother to all, akin to none." Achmed studied to become a healer yet eventually abandoned his studies and became the world's greatest assassin. Later he was enslaved by Tsoltan, a fire demon of the F'dor race, who took possession of his name and so had him chained to himself. Achmed was forced to serve him, yet when he realized that his latest task could cause the destruction of the world, he attempted to run away, accompanied by his long-time friend, Grunthor. When the two accidentally met the young Namer Rhapsody, she unknowingly changed his name from Brother to "Achmed the Snake", a name which he had used ever since. By doing this Rhapsody freed him from F'dor's grasp – he actually ceased to be the Brother, and his tie to the demon was broken. 
In the New World, using inventions set in place by the dead Lord Cymrian Gwylliam, Achmed was able to unite clans of the mountain dwelling Firbolg under his ultimate rule as King and started to rebuild their realm Ylorc (formerly Canrif, the capital of Gwylliam's empire) to its former glory.
Grunthor.
Grunthor is a man of giant proportions, a very well trained military officer (his rank is Sergeant-Major), a loving friend and a terrible enemy. He is part Firbolg, part Bengard. He is fond of singing war songs but his main hobby is collecting weapons. He wears a massive weapon collection on his back, and has named all of his weapons.
He shares a long-time friendship with Achmed and has strong protective feelings for Rhapsody, whom he calls "Duchess." He speaks with an unsophisticated accent. He is not well educated but is taught to read by Rhapsody.
Grunthor has power over the earth itself, gained after passing through the earth's core with Rhapsody and Achmed. He feels its pain and its shifts, and can also change it to his will (like creating and removing walls and passages).
Ashe.
Ashe is a half-blood with Cymrian, Lirin and dragon ancestry. He has bright copper hair and brilliant blue eyes with draconian (slit-shaped) pupils. He is introduced late in the first novel of the series, though readers will soon realize Ashe is not who he seems to be. 
His real name is Gwydion of Manosse. He is the son of Llauron the Invoker and grandson of Gwylliam, once king of Cymrians. His Cymrian and dragon ancestry gives Ashe an exceptionally long life, and because of his lineage, he has great magic in his blood. He was sent back in time by Meridion to the Lost Island Serendair, which was destroyed by a falling star over 1,000 years ago. There he meets Emily, his soul mate. Just one day later, however, he is sent back to his own time, and nearly goes insane from grief. He goes to his grandmother, a Seer named Anwyn, and asks her about Emily, but she tells him that she didn't escape with the Cymrians (this is technically true, even though Emily does, in fact, escape). Gwydion loses all hope of Emily's survival after that. Almost a century later, Gwydion goes out to fight the F'dor alone, and nearly dies as a result. His soul is nearly taken from him, and to escape becoming the host for the demon, he severs what's left of it. Though he escapes, he is almost fatally wounded, with his chest torn open. It is only because his best friend, Stephen, finds him that he narrowly escapes death, though everyone was told he died. Ashe is taken into a realm between Life and the Afterlife to be healed, and in the process his inner dragon is awakened. Since then he has taken up the name Ashe, and travels in a mist cloak, in order to hide the fact that he still lives.
Since Gwydion's 'death' and Ashe's 'birth', Ashe travels the world, doing what he can to protect innocents from the chaos caused by the demon F'dor. While journeying, he feels Rhapsody's strong magic from miles away, and is unable to resist investigating. They get off to a bad start, because he catches Rhapsody's adopted sister, Jo, trying to pickpocket him, and Rhapsody catches Gwydion hurting Jo. They patch it up somewhat by Ashe offering to pay for her lunch.
Ashe then shows up to help Rhapsody create Achmed's kingdom, though his true motive is to keep an eye on the trio for his father. When Rhapsody finds a dagger made of a dragon's claw, she grows fearful of incurring the dragon's wrath (dragons are very possessive). Ashe offers to guide her to the dragon's lair, which she accepts. They waver between bickering and bantering on this journey. The tension builds between them, mostly because Ashe tries to get information from her, but reveals very little about himself. However, upon their arrival at the dragon's lair, Ashe tells her to be careful, and lowers his hood for her, making her the first person in 20 years to see his face. When she leaves the lair to go to Tyrian, Ashe offers to guide her there once again. Rhapsody finds out that the other half of Ashe's soul is being used to power a vicious creature called a Rakshas, which has his very appearance due to his soul being inside of it. She calls him to her home, which screens vibrational signatures, and tells him that she intends to heal him. It is there that Ashe tells her that he loves her. At first she is skeptical, and dismisses it as just desire, but he convinces her that he truly does love her. Eventually they find out that he is actually Sam, and she is Emily.
Jo.
Jo is a troubled, rude and angry 16-year-old girl, an orphaned child of the street, who is rescued by Rhapsody, Achmed and Grunthor from being killed by minions of F'dor, along with several other children. To Achmed's chagrin, Rhapsody adopts Jo as her sister and the two become very close, although Jo is at the beginning distrustful and distances herself from everyone. 
Eventually, Jo becomes less unstable, more trustworthy and even a trained fighter, with the help of Grunthor. When Achmed becomes the King of Ylorc, Jo stays with them, in a startlingly almost luxurious life she has never known. After meeting Ashe, Jo becomes infatuated with him, although her feelings are one-sided.
F'dor.
F’dor are demonic spirits born of dark fire in the Before-Time, hunted by the Dhracians, with an ultimate goal of destroying the world. They are one of the First Born Races. As background to the story, few remain in the world, and most were sealed in the Vault of the Underworld. They have no corporeal form, and thus must take a host body. The potential host must be weaker than, or equal in strength to the spirit in order for the F'dor to subdue it (the exception to this is in cases of voluntary possession, where a strong host allows a weaker spirit in). A host cannot become a father or mother, as it would require the F'dor to share of its life force to create a new life, and by nature they are far too greedy to do that. They are inherently evil and desire above all else to release their fellow F'dor from the Vault of the Underworld and burn the entire world to ashes.
There are two "generations" or pantheons of F'dor; the older and the younger. The older were the first ones born, from the primeval fires off the earth. These are considered to be more evil, as they actively chose the dark, evil fire instead of the pure, bright, elemental fire. The younger pantheon were born after this choice and thus know nothing other than the black fire.
In the first age, some of the F'dor stole one of the six eggs laid by the primeval wyrm, modified it and hid it inside the Earth. As the wyrm grew, it fed on the earth, and is now almost 1/6 of the mass of the world. All F'dor know the sleeping wyrm's name, and will try to become powerful enough to call to it, awakening the "Sleeping Child". If that happens, the earth will be destroyed, and the F'dor will have succeeded.

</doc>
<doc id="18993970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993970" title="Finlay Crerar">
Finlay Crerar

Air Commodore Finlay Crerar CBE RAF, was a senior Royal Air Force officer during the Second World War who served as the fourth Commandant of the Royal Observer Corps and led the ROC through the final two years of the war and the difficult period of the V-1 flying bomb raids on Southern England.
Service history.
Royal Air Force.
On 15 June 1937 Crerar was granted an Auxiliary Air Force commission in the immediate rank of Squadron Leader and was appointed as the first Officer Commanding of No. 612 (County of Aberdeen) Squadron Auxiliary Air Force. In November 1939 he was promoted to Acting Wing Commander and appointed as Station Commander of RAF Dyce. His status was amended to Temporary Wing Commander on 1 September 1940.
On 17 February 1942 he was appointed as the Operations Officer at Headquarters Maintenance Command RAF where he would later be promoted to Group Captain.
Royal Observer Corps.
Crerar was promoted to Air Commodore and appointed Commandant of the Royal Observer Corps on 23 June 1943 when his predecessor, Air Commodore Geoffrey Ambler moved across the road at RAF Bentley Priory to RAF Fighter Command as Deputy Senior Air Staff Officer (DSASO). Crerar immediately generated controversy within the ROC when his first decision was make retirement at age fifty mandatory for all centre personnel, including the duty officers. No similar changes were to be applied to post personnel, many of whom were already in their 70s and even 80s. The furore rumbled on for the next few years but the new policy was to remain extant until after the end of the Second World War. Crerar's vision of a younger, fitter and more flexible centre workforce became the norm during hostilities, although many forcibly 'retired' centre personnel immediately re-enlisted on local posts.
During Crerar's command the ROC played a major part in combating the German hit-and-run raids on the south and south-east coasts of Great Britain. He ordered a large number of additional satellite spotter posts to be quickly constructed along the coast giving a more complete low level coverage. This was vital as radar could not pick up all the low-flying aircraft deliberately under flying the radar beams. For the first time air raid warnings to most coastal towns were sounded directly from the ROC posts to speed up the advance notification of raids.
Flying bombs.
The Defence Committee had been expecting a new phase of enemy air activity which became known as the "flying bomb". Some doubt had been expressed as to the ability of the Corps to deal with this threat, Air Commodore Crerar assured the committee that the ROC could again rise to the occasion and prove its alertness and flexibility. He oversaw plans for handling the new threat, codenamed "Operation Totter".
Observers at the coast post of Dymchurch identified the very first of these weapons and within seconds of their report the defences were in action. This new weapon gave the ROC much additional work both at posts and operations rooms. RAF controllers actually took their radio equipment to the two ROC operations rooms at Horsham and Maidstone and vectored fighters direct from the ROC's plotting tables. The critics who had said that the Corps would be unable to handle the fast-flying jet aircraft were answered when these aircraft on their first operation were actually controlled entirely by using ROC information and Air Commodore Crerar's optimism was vindicated.
Handing over command.
In November 1945 Crerar handed over command of the ROC to Air Commodore Percy Bernard, 5th Earl of Bandon who was to oversee both the temporary stand down of the Corps in the immediate post war period and its rectivation for the Cold War.
Later appointments.
In November 1945 Crerar was appointed as the Inspector of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force and in February 1952 he became Aide de Camp to HRH King George VI just before the King’s death. On 10 June 1952 he became Aide de Camp to HRH Queen Elizabeth II, an appointment he held until his retirement from the RAF in 1957.
During retirement.
On retirement in March 1957 Crerar accepted the appointments as Honorary Air Commodore with two Auxiliary Air Force squadrons, "No. 612 (County of Aberdeen) Sqn RAuxAF" and "No. 2612 (County of Aberdeen) Field Sqn RAuxAF Regiment". In January 1961 he also became Honorary Air Commodore for "No. 3612 (County of Aberdeen) Fighter Control Unit, RAuxAF".

</doc>
<doc id="18993972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993972" title="Nowy Gołębiewek">
Nowy Gołębiewek

Nowy Gołębiewek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Kutno and north of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18993982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993982" title="B.V.S.Ravi">
B.V.S.Ravi

B.V.S.Ravi (machha ravi) (born Bachimanchi Venkata Subrahmanyam Ravi on 22 June 1974) is an Indian dialogue and story writer who works in the Telugu film industry.
His birth name is Bachimanchi Venkata Subrahmanyam ().
He is a close associate of Ram Gopal Varma,Puri Jagannath,Krishna Vamsi,Rana Daggubati,Allu Arjun,Ravi Teja,Dil Raju,Mohan Babu,Manchu Vishnu and Manchu Lakshmi Prasanna. 
He is associated with successful directors such as Boyapati Srinu,"K Raghavendra Rao",Srinu Vytla, Bhaskar, Kodi Ramakrishna during the past ten years. In the past, he has written dialogues for movies such as "Satyam", "Munna", "Khaidi Brothers", "Ayodhya", "Nayakudu", "Vidhyardhi", "Shankar", "Dhana 51", "Parugu","King",and "Jhummandi naadam" .
He is also the story writer for "Girl Friend", "Shankar", "Naayudamma" and Kalyan Ram's "Jayeebhava" movie,which was released in 2009.
He also acted in Kodi Ramakrishna's film "Ayodhya, Sai Madhav's film "Naayudamma", Ravi Raja Pinisetty's film "", V.Sagar's film "Khaidi Brothers" and Posani Krishna Murali's "Sravanamasam".
He assisted writer Posani Krishna Murali for many successful films like "Sivayya", "Seetharamaraju", "Preyasi Raave", "Snehithulu", "Ayodhya Raamayya", "Badhrachalam" and many more.
He turned as director for the film "Wanted" in 2011,casting Gopichand Tottempudi and Deeksha Seth in lead roles with music by Chakri.
In 2012, he provided story for the controversial hit film "Denikaina Ready" .He co-wrote "Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu", "Iddarammayilatho" and "Devudu Chesina Manushulu" along with Puri Jagganath. 
BVS Ravi turned as a producer for the film, Second Hand, a movie which highlights the deception of love and he showcased his management and creative skills by completing the movie visually and technically brilliant in low-budget. BVS Ravi was the first producer to materialize the concept of single-shot cinematography in Telugu film industry.

</doc>
<doc id="18993992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18993992" title="Spartacus">
Spartacus

Spartacus (, ""; ) (c. 109–71 BC) was a Thracian gladiator, who, along with the Gauls Crixus, Oenomaus, Castus and Gannicus, was one of the slave leaders in the Third Servile War, a major slave uprising against the Roman Republic. Little is known about Spartacus beyond the events of the war, and surviving historical accounts are sometimes contradictory and may not always be reliable. All sources agree that he was a former gladiator and an accomplished military leader.
This rebellion, interpreted by some as an example of oppressed people fighting for their freedom against a slave-owning oligarchy, has been an inspiration to many political thinkers, and has been featured in literature, television, and film. Although not contradicted by classical historians, no historical account mentions that the goal of the rebels was to end slavery in the Roman Republic, nor do any of the actions of rebel leaders, who themselves committed numerous atrocities, seem specifically aimed at ending slavery.
Origins.
The ancient sources agree that Spartacus was a Thracian. Plutarch describes him as "a Thracian of Nomadic stock". Appian says he was "a Thracian by birth, who had once served as a soldier with the Romans, but had since been a prisoner and sold for a Gladiator".
Florus (2.8.8) described him as one "who from Thracian mercenary, had become a Roman soldier, of a soldier a deserter and robber, and afterward, from consideration of his strength, a gladiator". The authors refer to the Thracian tribe of the Maedi, which occupied the area on the southwestern fringes of Thrace, along its border with the Roman Macedonia - present day south-western Bulgaria. Plutarch also writes that Spartacus' wife, a prophetess of the Maedi tribe, was enslaved with him.
The name Spartacus is otherwise attested in the Black Sea region: kings of the Thracian dynasty of the Cimmerian Bosporus and Pontus are known to have borne it, and a Thracian "Sparta" "Spardacus" or "Sparadokos", father of Seuthes I of the Odrysae, is also known.
Enslavement and escape.
According to the differing sources and their interpretation, Spartacus either was an auxiliary from the Roman legions later condemned to slavery, or a captive taken by the legions. Spartacus was trained at the gladiatorial school ("ludus") near Capua belonging to Lentulus Batiatus.
In 73 BC, Spartacus was among a group of gladiators plotting an escape.
The plot was betrayed but about 70 men seized kitchen implements, fought their way free from the school, and seized several wagons of gladiatorial weapons and armor. The escaped slaves defeated a small force sent after them, plundered the region surrounding Capua, recruited many other slaves into their ranks, and eventually retired to a more defensible position on Mount Vesuvius.
Once free, the escaped gladiators chose Spartacus and two Gallic slaves—Crixus and Oenomaus—as their leaders. Although Roman authors assumed that the slaves were a homogeneous group with Spartacus as their leader, they may have projected their own hierarchical view of military leadership onto the spontaneous organization of the slaves, reducing other slave leaders to subordinate positions in their accounts. The positions of Crixus and Oenomaus—and later, Gannicus and Castus—cannot be clearly determined from the sources.
Third Servile War.
The response of the Romans was hampered by the absence of the Roman legions, which were already engaged in fighting a revolt in Hispania and the Third Mithridatic War. Furthermore, the Romans considered the rebellion more of a policing matter than a war. Rome dispatched militia under the command of praetor Gaius Claudius Glaber, which besieged Spartacus and his camp on Mount Vesuvius, hoping that starvation would force Spartacus to surrender. They were surprised when Spartacus, who had made ropes from vines, climbed down the cliff side of the volcano with his men and attacked the unfortified Roman camp in the rear, killing most of them.
The slaves also defeated a second expedition, nearly capturing the praetor commander, killing his lieutenants and seizing the military equipment. With these successes, more and more slaves flocked to the Spartacan forces, as did "many of the herdsmen and shepherds of the region", swelling their ranks to some 70,000.
In these altercations Spartacus proved to be an excellent tactician, suggesting that he may have had previous military experience. Though the slaves lacked military training, they displayed a skillful use of available local materials and unusual tactics when facing the disciplined Roman armies. They spent the winter of 73–72 BC training, arming and equipping their new recruits, and expanding their raiding territory to include the towns of Nola, Nuceria, Thurii and Metapontum. The distance between these locations and the subsequent events indicate that the slaves operated in two groups commanded by the remaining leaders Spartacus and Crixus.
In the spring of 72 BC, the slaves left their winter encampments and began to move northward. At the same time, the Roman Senate, alarmed by the defeat of the praetorian forces, dispatched a pair of consular legions under the command of Lucius Gellius Publicola and Gnaeus Cornelius Lentulus Clodianus. The two legions were initially successful—defeating a group of 30,000 slaves commanded by Crixus near Mount Garganus—but then were defeated by Spartacus. These defeats are
depicted in divergent ways by the two most comprehensive (extant) histories of the war by Appian and Plutarch.
Alarmed by the apparently unstoppable rebellion, the Senate charged Marcus Licinius Crassus, the wealthiest man in Rome and the only volunteer for the position, with ending the rebellion.
Crassus was put in charge of eight legions, approximately 40,000 trained Roman soldiers, which he treated with harsh, even brutal, discipline, reviving the punishment of unit decimation. When Spartacus and his followers, who for unclear reasons had retreated to the south of Italy, moved northward again in early 71 BC, Crassus deployed six of his legions on the borders of the region and detached his legate Mummius with two legions to maneuver behind Spartacus. Though ordered not to engage the slaves, Mummius attacked at a seemingly opportune moment but was routed. After this, Crassus' legions were victorious in several engagements, forcing Spartacus farther south through Lucania as Crassus gained the upper hand. By the end of 71 BC, Spartacus was encamped in Rhegium (Reggio Calabria), near the Strait of Messina.
According to Plutarch, Spartacus made a bargain with Cilician pirates to transport him and some 2,000 of his men to Sicily, where he intended to incite a slave revolt and gather reinforcements. However, he was betrayed by the pirates, who took payment and then abandoned the rebel slaves. Minor sources mention that there were some attempts at raft and shipbuilding by the rebels as a means to escape, but that Crassus took unspecified measures to ensure the rebels could not cross to Sicily, and their efforts were abandoned. Spartacus' forces then retreated toward Rhegium. Crassus' legions followed and upon arrival built fortifications across the isthmus at Rhegium, despite harassing raids from the rebel slaves. The rebels were now under siege and cut off from their supplies.
At this time, the legions of Pompey returned from Hispania and were ordered by the Senate to head south to aid Crassus. While Crassus feared that Pompey's arrival would cost him the credit, Spartacus unsuccessfully tried to reach an agreement with Crassus. When Crassus refused, a portion of Spartacus' forces fled toward the mountains west of Petelia (modern Strongoli) in Bruttium, with Crassus' legions in pursuit.
When the legions managed to catch a portion of the rebels separated from the main army, discipline among Spartacus' forces broke down as small groups were independently attacking the oncoming legions. Spartacus now turned his forces around and brought his entire strength to bear on the legions in a last stand, in which the slaves were routed completely, with the vast majority of them being killed on the battlefield.
The final battle that saw the assumed defeat of Spartacus in 71 BC took place on the present territory of Senerchia on the right bank of the river Sele in the area that includes the border with Oliveto Citra up to those of Calabritto, near the village of Quaglietta, in High Sele Valley, which at that time was part of Lucania. In this area, since 1899, there have been finds of armor and swords of the Roman era.
Plutarch, Appian and Florus all claim that Spartacus died during the battle, however Appian also reports that his body was never found. Six thousand survivors of the revolt captured by the legions of Crassus were crucified, lining the Appian Way from Rome to Capua.
Objectives.
Classical historians were divided as to what the motives of Spartacus were. None of Spartacus' actions overtly suggest that he aimed at reforming Roman society or abolishing slavery.
Plutarch writes that Spartacus wished to escape north into Cisalpine Gaul and disperse his men back to their homes. If escaping the Italian peninsula was indeed his goal, it is not clear why Spartacus turned south after defeating the legions commanded by the consuls Lucius Publicola and Gnaeus Clodianus, which left his force a clear passage over the Alps.
Appian and Florus write that he intended to march on Rome itself. Appian also states that he later abandoned that goal, which might have been no more than a reflection of Roman fears.
Based on the events in late 73 BC and early 72 BC, which suggest independently operating groups of slaves and a statement by Plutarch that some of the escaped slaves preferred to plunder Italy, rather than escape over the Alps.

</doc>
<doc id="18994002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994002" title="Travers-Sabine Circuit">
Travers-Sabine Circuit

The Travers-Sabine Circuit is a popular tramping route in Nelson Lakes National Park, New Zealand. The full circuit takes about five to six days, although many side-trips are possible for longer tramps.
The circuit involves both bush-walking and alpine passes. In bush areas, the tracks are well marked. Routes in alpine areas are marked with poles.
In Summer and Autumn (December to April) the circuit is accessible to anyone reasonably fit. During Winter and Spring (May to November), snowfall, especially in Alpine areas, make the route more technical, and appropriate skills, equipment and experience are needed. Some parts of the track are subject to flooding during heavy rain.
No permits are required to walk the route, but trampers should register at the National Park headquarters. Basic huts are available for overnight accommodation at regular intervals on the route, on a first-come, first-served basis. Fees are required for the huts, but there's no fee for the walk itself.
Typical itinerary.
In this itinerary, days 2 and 4 are half-day walks, and days 3 and 5 are less than full day. Experienced trampers can easily complete the circuit in five days.
Also, an alternative to Days 5-6 is to return via Howard and Speargrass Valleys (quicker and easier in bad weather, but less interesting).

</doc>
<doc id="18994017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994017" title="Jorge Betancourt">
Jorge Betancourt

Jorge Betancourt García (born February 13, 1982 in Matanzas) is a male diver from Cuba. He represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2004 (Athens, Greece). Betancourt twice (2003 and 2007) won a silver medal at the Pan American Games alongside Erick Fornaris in the Men's 3m Springboard Synchro event.

</doc>
<doc id="18994018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994018" title="Theodore Acland">
Theodore Acland

Theodore William Gull Acland ARIC (7 November 1890 – 13 October 1960) was an English educationist who in later life became a clergyman of the Church of England.
Background and early life.
Acland was the son of Theodore Dyke Acland MD (Oxon.) FRCP and of his wife Caroline Cameron Gull. He was the grandson of Sir Henry Acland, 1st Baronet MD FRS and of Sir William Gull, 1st Baronet, MD FRS. His great-grandfather, Sir Thomas Dyke Acland, 10th Baronet (1787–1871), had been a member of parliament, one of the Devonshire Aclands, an old family. Acland had one sister, Aimee Sarah Agnes Dyke Acland, who died in infancy in 1889; otherwise, he was an only child.
He was educated at Gresham's School, Holt, King's College, Cambridge (where he was an exhibitioner), and the University of Berlin. At Cambridge, in 1912 and 1913, he took a First in both parts of the Natural Sciences Tripos, specializing in Chemistry at Part II. In 1913, he headed the list of Cambridge Firsts awarded in Natural Sciences.
Career.
Completing his education just as the First World War broke out, Acland was commissioned into the London Electrical Engineers as a second lieutenant in October 1914, then seconded for technical duties with the Department of Explosives Supplies and in 1915 with the Munitions Inventions Department. From 1920 to 1922 he served on the technical staff of Brunner, Mond & Co., then for a year with Garton & Co. From 1923 to 1930 he was a master at Stowe School, in Buckinghamshire, where he became a housemaster in 1924. He was then Headmaster of King Edward VI School, Norwich, from 1930 to 1943.
Acland was also a member of the Court of Governors, of St Thomas's Hospital, London, from 1931 to 1948, and of the Grand Committee, from 1945 until his death. He was honorary secretary of the Clergy Widows' Fund for the Diocese of London, and was Diocesan Officer from 1944 to 1946, member of the Standing Committee of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge from 1946 to 1952, of the Board of Governors of the Federation for Animal Welfare, 1946 to 1951, of the Council of St Katharine’s Training College, Tottenham, 1945 to 1948, of the London Diocesan Conference, 1946 to 1949, of the Central Advisory Council of Training for the Ministry, 1943 to 1953, of the Central Council for Women's Church Work, 1948 to 1953, of the Council of Bishops College, Cheshunt, 1946 to 1959, of the Council of the Missions to Seamen, of the Board of the Church Army and of the Christian Evidence Society. He represented St Thomas's Hospital on the governing body of St Olave's and St Saviour's Grammar School, Orpington.
He was ordained a deacon in 1953 and a priest in 1957 and served as honorary curate of St Bartholomew, Hyde, Winchester, from 1953 to 1955, and of St Luke, Stanmore, Winchester, from 1955.
Private life.
Acland married Mary, the daughter of Robert Maxwell Moffat, on 24 May 1944, but they had no children. In "Who's Who", he gave his recreation as 'travelling' and his clubs as the Athenaeum and the Royal Commonwealth Society. He died on 13 October 1960, at the age of sixty-nine.

</doc>
<doc id="18994022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994022" title="Prehistory">
Prehistory

Prehistory (meaning "before history", or "before knowledge acquired by investigation", from the Latin word for "before," "præ", and "historia") is the span of time before recorded history or the invention of writing systems. Prehistory refers to the period of human existence before the availability of those written records with which recorded history begins. More broadly, it can refer to all the time preceding human existence and the invention of writing.
The notion of 'prehistory' began to surface during the Enlightenment in the work of antiquarians who used the word 'primitive' to describe societies that existed before written records. The first use of the word prehistory in English, however, occurred in the "Foreign Quarterly Review" in 1836. 
The term "prehistory" can refer to the vast span of time since the beginning of the Universe, but more often it refers to the period since life appeared on Earth, or even more specifically to the time since human-like beings appeared. In dividing up human prehistory, prehistorians typically use the three-age system, whereas scholars of pre-human time periods typically use the well-defined geologic record and its internationally defined stratum base within the geologic time scale. The three-age system is the periodization of human prehistory into three consecutive time periods, named for their respective predominant tool-making technologies: the Stone Age, Bronze Age, and Iron Age. Another division of history and prehistory can be made between those written events that can be precisely dated by use of a continuous calendar dating from current and those that can't. The loss of continuity of calendar date most often occurs when a civilization falls and the language and calendar fall into disuse. The current civilization therefore loses the ability to precisely date events written through primary sources to events dated to current calendar dating.
The occurrence of written materials (and so the beginning of local "historic times") varies generally to cultures classified within either the late Bronze Age or within the Iron Age. Historians increasingly do not restrict themselves to evidence from written records and are coming to rely more upon evidence from the natural and social sciences, thereby blurring the distinction between the terms "history" and "prehistory". This view has been articulated by advocates of deep history.
This article is concerned with human prehistory, or the time since behaviorally and anatomically modern humans first appear until the beginning of recorded history. There are separate articles for the overall history of the Earth and the history of life before humans.
Definition.
Because, by definition, there are no written records from human prehistory, dating of prehistoric materials is particularly crucial to the enterprise. Clear techniques for dating were not well-developed until the 19th century.
The primary researchers into human prehistory are prehistoric archaeologists and physical anthropologists who use excavation, geologic and geographic surveys, and other scientific analysis to reveal and interpret the nature and behavior of pre-literate and non-literate peoples. Human population geneticists and historical linguists are also providing valuable insight for these questions. Cultural anthropologists help provide context for societal interactions, by which objects of human origin pass among people, allowing an analysis of any article that arises in a human prehistoric context. Therefore, data about prehistory is provided by a wide variety of natural and social sciences, such as paleontology, biology, archaeology, palynology, geology, archaeoastronomy, comparative linguistics, anthropology, molecular genetics and many others.
Human prehistory differs from history not only in terms of its chronology but in the way it deals with the activities of archaeological cultures rather than named nations or individuals. Restricted to material processes, remains and artifacts rather than written records, prehistory is anonymous. Because of this, reference terms that prehistorians use, such as Neanderthal or Iron Age are modern labels with definitions sometimes subject to debate.
The date marking the end of prehistory in a particular culture or region, that is, the date when relevant written historical records become a useful academic resource, varies enormously from region to region. For example, in Egypt it is generally accepted that prehistory ended around 3200 BCE, whereas in New Guinea the end of the prehistoric era is set much more recently, at around 1900 CE. In Europe the relatively well-documented classical cultures of Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome had neighbouring cultures, including the Celts, and to a lesser extent the Etruscans, with little or no writing, and historians must decide how much weight to give to the often highly prejudiced accounts of these "prehistoric" cultures in Greek and Roman literature.
Stone Age.
Paleolithic.
"Paleolithic" means "Old Stone Age," and begins with the first use of stone tools. The Paleolithic is the earliest period of the Stone Age.
The early part of the Paleolithic is called the Lower Paleolithic, which predates "Homo sapiens", beginning with "Homo habilis" (and related species) and with the earliest stone tools, dated to around 2.5 million years ago.
"Early" homo sapiens originated some 200,000 years ago, ushering in the Middle Paleolithic. Anatomic changes indicating modern language capacity also arise during the Middle Paleolithic. The systematic burial of the dead, the music, early art, and the use of increasingly sophisticated multi-part tools are highlights of the Middle Paleolithic.
Throughout the Paleolithic, humans generally lived as nomadic hunter-gatherers. Hunter-gatherer societies tended to be very small and egalitarian, though hunter-gatherer societies with abundant resources or advanced food-storage techniques sometimes developed sedentary lifestyles with complex social structures such as chiefdoms, and social stratification. Long-distance contacts may have been established, as in the case of Indigenous Australian "highways."
Mesolithic.
The "Mesolithic," or "Middle Stone Age" (from the Greek ""mesos"," "middle," and ""lithos"," "stone") was the period in the development of human technology between the Paleolithic and Neolithic periods of the Stone Age.
The Mesolithic period began at the end of the Pleistocene epoch, some 10,000 BP, and ended with the introduction of agriculture, the date of which varied by geographic region. In some areas, such as the Near East, agriculture was already underway by the end of the Pleistocene, and there the Mesolithic is short and poorly defined. In areas with limited glacial impact, the term "Epipaleolithic" is sometimes preferred.
Regions that experienced greater environmental effects as the last ice age ended have a much more evident Mesolithic era, lasting millennia. In Northern Europe, societies were able to live well on rich food supplies from the marshlands fostered by the warmer climate. Such conditions produced distinctive human behaviours that are preserved in the material record, such as the Maglemosian and Azilian cultures. These conditions also delayed the coming of the Neolithic until as late as 4000 BCE (6,000 BP) in northern Europe.
Remains from this period are few and far between, often limited to middens. In forested areas, the first signs of deforestation have been found, although this would only begin in earnest during the Neolithic, when more space was needed for agriculture.
The Mesolithic is characterized in most areas by small composite flint tools — microliths and microburins. Fishing tackle, stone adzes and wooden objects, e.g. canoes and bows, have been found at some sites. These technologies first occur in Africa, associated with the Azilian cultures, before spreading to Europe through the Ibero-Maurusian culture of Northern Africa and the Kebaran culture of the Levant. Independent discovery is not always ruled out.
Neolithic.
"Neolithic" means "New Stone Age." This was a period of primitive technological and social development, toward the end of the "Stone Age". The Neolithic period saw the development of early villages, agriculture, animal domestication, tools and the onset of the earliest recorded incidents of warfare. The "Neolithic" term is commonly used in the Old World, as its application to cultures in the Americas and Oceania that did not fully develop metal-working technology raises problems.
Agriculture.
Forest gardening, originating in prehistory, is thought to be the world's oldest known form of agriculture (or agroecosystem). Vere Gordon Childe then describes an "Agricultural Revolution" occurring about the 10th millennium BCE with the adoption of agriculture and domestication of plants and animals. The Sumerians first began farming c. 9500 BCE. By 7000 BCE, agriculture had been developed in India and Peru separately; by 6000 BCE, in Egypt; by 5000 BCE, in China. About 2700 BCE, agriculture had come to Mesoamerica.
Although attention has tended to concentrate on the Middle East's Fertile Crescent, archaeology in the Americas, East Asia and Southeast Asia indicates that agricultural systems, using different crops and animals, may in some cases have developed there nearly as early. The development of organised irrigation, and the use of a specialised workforce, by the Sumerians, began about 5500 BCE. Stone was supplanted by bronze and iron in implements of agriculture and warfare. Agricultural settlements had until then been almost completely dependent on stone tools. In Eurasia, copper and bronze tools, decorations and weapons began to be commonplace about 3000 BCE. After bronze, the Eastern Mediterranean region, Middle East and China saw the introduction of iron tools and weapons.
The Americas developed metallurgy for decorative objects, but did not use metal extensively for utilitarian purposes. No evidence of melting, smelting, or casting has been found in the prehistoric Americas. However, little archaeological research has so far been done in Peru, and nearly all the "khipus" (recording devices, in the form of knots, used by the Incas) were burned in the Spanish conquest of Peru. As late as 2004, entire cities were still being unearthed.
The cradles of early civilizations were river valleys, such as the Euphrates and Tigris valleys in Mesopotamia, the Nile valley in Egypt, the Indus valley in the Indian subcontinent, and the Yangtze and Yellow River valleys in China. Some nomadic peoples, such as the Indigenous Australians and the Bushmen of southern Africa, did not practice agriculture until relatively recent times.
Agriculture made possible complex societies — civilizations. States and markets emerged. Technologies enhanced people's ability to harness nature and to develop transport and communication."The city represented a new degree of human concentration, a new magnitude in settlement". Cities relied on agricultural surplus."since the inhabitants of a city do not produce their own food...cities cannot support themselves...thus exist only where agriculture is successful enough to produce agricultural surplus." 
Chalcolithic.
In Old World archaeology, the "Chalcolithic", "Eneolithic" or "Copper Age" refers to a transitional period where early copper metallurgy appeared alongside the widespread use of stone tools.
Bronze Age.
The term Bronze Age refers to a period in human cultural development when the most advanced metalworking (at least in systematic and widespread use) included techniques for smelting copper and tin from naturally occurring outcroppings of ores, and then combining them to cast bronze. These naturally occurring ores typically included arsenic as a common impurity. Copper/tin ores are rare, as reflected in the fact that there were no tin bronzes in Western Asia before 3000 BCE. The Bronze Age forms part of the three-age system for prehistoric societies. In this system, it follows the Neolithic in some areas of the world.
The Bronze Age is the earliest period for which we have direct written accounts, since the invention of writing coincides with its early beginnings.
Iron Age.
In archaeology, the Iron Age refers to the advent of ferrous metallurgy. The adoption of iron coincided with other changes in some past cultures, often including more sophisticated agricultural practices, religious beliefs and artistic styles, which makes the archaeological Iron Age coincide with the "Axial Age" in the history of philosophy.
Timeline.
All dates are approximate and conjectural, obtained through research in the fields of anthropology, archaeology, genetics, geology, or linguistics. They are all subject to revision due to new discoveries or improved calculations. BP stands for "Before Present (1950)."

</doc>
<doc id="18994037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994037" title="Sand">
Sand

Sand is a naturally occurring granular material composed of finely divided rock and mineral particles.
The composition of sand is highly variable, depending on the local rock sources and conditions, but the most common constituent of sand in inland continental settings and non-tropical coastal settings is silica (silicon dioxide, or SiO2), usually in the form of quartz.
The second most common type of sand is calcium carbonate, for example aragonite, which has mostly been created, over the past half billion years, by various forms of life, like coral and shellfish. It is, for example, the primary form of sand apparent in areas where reefs have dominated the ecosystem for millions of years like the Caribbean.
Composition.
In terms of particle size as used by geologists, sand particles range in diameter from 0.0625 mm (or  mm) to 2 mm. An individual particle in this range size is termed a "sand grain". Sand grains are between gravel (with particles ranging from 2 mm up to 64 mm) and silt (particles smaller than 0.0625 mm down to 0.004 mm). The size specification between sand and gravel has remained constant for more than a century, but particle diameters as small as 0.02 mm were considered sand under the Albert Atterberg standard in use during the early 20th century. A 1953 engineering standard published by the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials set the minimum sand size at 0.074 mm. A 1938 specification of the United States Department of Agriculture was 0.05 mm. Sand feels gritty when rubbed between the fingers (silt, by comparison, feels like flour).
ISO 14688 grades sands as fine, medium and coarse with ranges 0.063 mm to 0.2 mm to 0.63 mm to 2.0 mm. In the United States, sand is commonly divided into five sub-categories based on size: very fine sand ( –  mm diameter), fine sand ( mm –  mm), medium sand ( mm –  mm), coarse sand ( mm – 1 mm), and very coarse sand (1 mm – 2 mm). These sizes are based on the Krumbein phi scale, where size in Φ = -log2D; D being the particle size in mm. On this scale, for sand the value of Φ varies from −1 to +4, with the divisions between sub-categories at whole numbers.
The most common constituent of sand, in inland continental settings and non-tropical coastal settings, is silica (silicon dioxide, or SiO2), usually in the form of quartz, which, because of its chemical inertness and considerable hardness, is the most common mineral resistant to weathering.
The composition of mineral sand is highly variable, depending on the local rock sources and conditions. The bright white sands found in tropical and subtropical coastal settings are eroded limestone and may contain coral and shell fragments in addition to other organic or organically derived fragmental material, suggesting sand formation depends on living organisms, too. The gypsum sand dunes of the White Sands National Monument in New Mexico are famous for their bright, white color. Arkose is a sand or sandstone with considerable feldspar content, derived from weathering and erosion of a (usually nearby) granitic rock outcrop. Some sands contain magnetite, chlorite, glauconite or gypsum. Sands rich in magnetite are dark to black in color, as are sands derived from volcanic basalts and obsidian. Chlorite-glauconite bearing sands are typically green in color, as are sands derived from basaltic (lava) with a high olivine content. Many sands, especially those found extensively in Southern Europe, have iron impurities within the quartz crystals of the sand, giving a deep yellow color. Sand deposits in some areas contain garnets and other resistant minerals, including some small gemstones.
Study.
The study of individual grains can reveal much historical information as to the origin and kind of transport of the grain. Quartz sand that is recently weathered from granite or gneiss quartz crystals will be angular. It is called grus in geology or "sharp sand" in the building trade where it is preferred for concrete, and in gardening where it is used as a soil amendment to loosen clay soils. Sand that is transported long distances by water or wind will be rounded, with characteristic abrasion patterns on the grain surface. Desert sand is typically rounded.
People who collect sand as a hobby are known as arenophiles. Organisms that thrive in sandy environments are psammophiles.
Alternatives to natural sand.
The use of alternatives to river sand is increasing with the ban on sand mining, general decline in the availability of river sand, and pressure from active environmental groups to protect nature.
Manufactured sand.
The widely accepted replacement for natural sand is M-sand, or manufactured sand. This is produced by grinding stone gravel and also obtained as a by-product. Fine particles are left behind when rocks are cut and broken to make gravel. However, not all rock dust could serve as such a replacement. Flaky dust could affect the workability of mortar, and the presence of chemicals could affect the strength of concrete. Only those particles that meet the specifications of chemical properties, shape and size will qualify.
Powdered glass.
In Hong Kong, where a considerable amount of glass waste is produced, builders use powdered glass as a substitute for sand. Glass panes and bottles are broken, ground to a suitable size and processed. A machine crushes the glass into glass sand, which can be used as a river-sand substitute, then mixed with cement and construction waste to produce so-called eco-pavers. To make one square metre of eco-paver takes 20 kg of waste glass bottles and 50 kg of construction waste. This greatly reduces the burden on local landfills and the demand for other construction materials, such as river sand. The dredging work required to extract river sand damages the river bed and its ecological system.
Hazards.
While sand is generally non-toxic, sand-using activities such as sandblasting require precautions. Bags of silica sand used for sandblasting now carry labels warning the user to wear respiratory protection to avoid breathing the resulting fine silica dust. Material safety data sheets (MSDS) for silica sand state that "excessive inhalation of crystalline silica is a serious health concern".
In areas of high pore water pressure sand and salt water can form quicksand, which is a colloid hydrogel that behaves like a liquid. Quicksand produces a considerable barrier to escape for creatures caught within, who often die from exposure (not from submersion) as a result.
Environmental issues.
Sand's many uses require a significant dredging industry, raising environmental concerns over fish depletion, landslides, and flooding. Countries such as China, Indonesia, Malaysia and Cambodia ban sand exports, citing these issues as a major factor.

</doc>
<doc id="18994043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994043" title="Walter Benz">
Walter Benz

Walter Benz (born May 2, 1931) is a German mathematician, an expert in geometry.
Benz studied at the Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz and received his doctoral degree in 1954, with Robert Furch as his advisor.
After a position at the Johann Wolfgang Goethe University Frankfurt am Main, he served as a professor at the Universities of Bochum, Waterloo and Hamburg where he is now professor emeritus. Benz was honoured with the degree of a Dr. h.c.
Based on his book "Vorlesungen über Geometrie der Algebren" (Springer 1973), certain geometric objects are called Benz planes.

</doc>
<doc id="18994044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994044" title="English cricket team in Australia in 1928–29">
English cricket team in Australia in 1928–29

The England cricket team toured Australia in 1928–29. England, known as the MCC in matches outside the Tests, retained The Ashes, winning the first four Tests and losing the last for a 4–1 series victory.
Writing in the 1930 "Wisden", SJ Southerton wrote:
England were stronger in batting, more reliable and consistent in bowling and very definitely superior in fielding. 
The series was defined by the prodigious runscoring of Walter Hammond, playing his maiden Ashes series, who with a run of scores of 251 at Sydney, 200 and 32 at Melbourne, and 119 not out and 177 at Adelaide, scored a then-record series aggregate of 905 runs at an average of 113.12; the record has only been surpassed once, by Donald Bradman in the 1930 Ashes.
The MCC team.
The MCC touring party was:

</doc>
<doc id="18994060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994060" title="Upstairs and Downstairs">
Upstairs and Downstairs

Upstairs and Downstairs is a 1959 British comedy drama film directed by Ralph Thomas and starring Michael Craig, Anne Heywood, Mylène Demongeot, Claudia Cardinale, James Robertson Justice, Joan Sims, Joan Hickson and Sid James. It should not be confused with the popular British, BAFTA and Emmy award-winning hit television series "Upstairs, Downstairs".

</doc>
<doc id="18994071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994071" title="Craig D. Button">
Craig D. Button

Craig David Button (November 24, 1964 - April 2, 1997) was a United States Air Force pilot who died when he crashed an A-10 Thunderbolt II aircraft under mysterious circumstances on April 2, 1997. During the incident, Captain Button inexplicably flew hundreds of miles off-course without radio contact, appeared to maneuver purposefully and did not attempt to eject before the crash. His death is regarded as a suicide because no other hypothesis explains the events. His aircraft carried live bombs which were never recovered. It took three weeks to find the crash site. During that time, there was widespread public speculation about Captain Button's intentions and whereabouts.
Family.
Craig Button's father, Richard Button, was a retired Air Force Lieutenant Colonel. His mother, Joan Button, was a devoted Jehovah's Witness. According to a letter written by Craig, she raised him "to think that joining the military is wrong." She did not allow Craig to wear his college AFROTC uniform at home. Craig's half-sister, Susane Button, reported that his mother had wanted him to leave the military.
Hurlburt Field at Eglin Air Force Base (home of the Air Force Special Operations Command) is named after Craig Button's uncle, Donald Wilson Hurlburt, who was a B-17 pilot in World War II.
Early life.
Craig Button graduated from Long Island's Wantagh High School in Wantagh, New York. He began flying at age 17 and aspired to be a professional pilot. He was described as "polite", "quiet" and a "perfectionist" who "rarely drank and never smoked." One of his instructors remarked that his shoes were always shined. His next-door neighbor growing up reports that he was "a ridiculously hard worker." 
Air Force career.
Captain Button was commissioned through the Air Force ROTC program at New York Institute of Technology in Old Westbury, New York, where he received a degree in aerospace engineering in 1990. He spent four years at Laughlin Air Force Base in Texas as a T-37 first assignment instructor pilot (FAIP) before transferring to the A-10 at Davis–Monthan Air Force Base in Arizona. He had been an Air Force pilot for five years before the crash.
Events of April 2, 1997.
Captain Button took off in his single-seat A-10 Thunderbolt II attack aircraft on a training mission with two other A-10s from Davis-Monthan Air Force Base in Tucson, Arizona. His jet was armed with four Mk-82 bombs, 60 magnesium flares, 120 metal chaff canisters and 575 rounds of 30-millimeter ammunition. This training mission would have been the first time Captain Button dropped live ordnance.
Near Gila Bend, Arizona, after being refueled in-flight, Captain Button unexpectedly broke formation. He flew in a northeasterly direction towards the Four Corners area of Colorado, New Mexico, Arizona and Utah. His jet was spotted numerous times by observers on the ground. One observer, an off-duty pilot, said the jet appeared to maneuver around bad weather. This observation suggested to the Air Force that the aircraft was being flown manually and purposefully. The flight was tracked by radar in Phoenix, Albuquerque and Denver. But because Captain Button's transponder was turned off, the aircraft was only tracked, not identified. It was only after analyzing radar data later that investigators were able to track Button's flight.
The jet zig-zagged near the end of its flight. It was last spotted in the air about west of Denver. The jet impacted terrain about SW of Vail, Colorado, on Gold Dust Peak () in a remote part of Eagle County. The Air Force concluded the jet probably had two to five minutes of fuel remaining when it crashed. The impact occurred at about of elevation, just below the summit. The debris field was over a quarter-mile-square area (0.64 km2). Pieces of the canopy and cockpit went over a ridge.
Search and recovery.
The search for the crash site was conducted by the US Air Force, Colorado Air National Guard and the Civil Air Patrol. A U-2 reconnaissance plane from Beale Air Force Base in California overflew the area and identified five possible sites. Twenty days after Button's aircraft disappeared, an Air Force MH-53 helicopter spotted metal fragments in the snow on Gold Dust Peak. Steep terrain, bad weather, high winds, deep snow, rock slides and avalanches hampered access to the site. Rodents were even found to be chewing through the ropes of recovery personnel. It was several more days before the wreckage was confirmed to be Captain Button's missing A-10. It took another four months to recover the human remains.
Status of the Mk-82 bombs.
The four 500-pound Mk-82 bombs have not been found despite an exhaustive search involving metal detectors and ground-penetrating radar. The bombs were designed to survive a crash and the Air Force expected to find them at the site. Furthermore, the aircraft's bomb racks were recovered in the wreckage, and they indicated that the bombs had not been released. Yet, more than four dozen witnesses reported hearing loud explosions in Northern Arizona and also near Telluride and Aspen in Colorado. However, no evidence was found to support the idea that Button released the weapons where the explosions were heard. The Mk-82 bombs can throw fragments more than a mile (1.6 km), and the crash site was less than 4000 feet (1.2 km) from a deep alpine lake.

</doc>
<doc id="18994073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994073" title="Cassius Duran">
Cassius Duran

Cassius Ricardo Duran (born May 31, 1979 in São Paulo) is a male diver from Brazil. He represented his native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2000 (Sydney, Australia). Duran won a silver medal at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.
Nowadays, Cassius is training at APOE, in Rio de Janeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="18994079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994079" title="Klinga">
Klinga

Klinga may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18994087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994087" title="Sound">
Sound

Sound is a vibration that propagates as a mechanical wave of pressure and displacement, through some medium (such as air or water). Sometimes "sound" refers to only those vibrations with frequencies that are within the range of hearing for humans or for a particular animal.
Acoustics.
Acoustics is the interdisciplinary science that deals with the study of all mechanical waves in gases, liquids, and solids including vibration, sound, ultrasound and infrasound. A scientist who works in the field of acoustics is an acoustician while someone working in the field of acoustical engineering may be called an acoustic engineer. (Not to be confused with an audio engineer.) The application of acoustics can be seen in almost all aspects of modern society, subdisciplines include: aeroacoustics, audio signal processing, architectural acoustics, bioacoustics, electroacoustics, environmental noise, musical acoustics, noise control, psychoacoustics, speech, ultrasound, underwater acoustics and vibration.
Physics of sound.
Propagation of sound.
Sound propagates through compressible media such as air, water and solids as longitudinal waves and also as a transverse waves in solids (see Longitudinal and transverse waves, below). The sound waves are generated by a sound source, such as the vibrating diaphragm of a stereo speaker. The sound source creates vibrations in the surrounding medium. As the source continues to vibrate the medium, the vibrations propagate away from the source at the speed of sound, thus forming the sound wave. At a fixed distance from the source, the pressure, velocity, and displacement of the medium vary in time. At an instant in time, the pressure, velocity, and displacement vary in space. Note that the particles of the medium do not travel with the sound wave. This is intuitively obvious for a solid, and "the same" is true for liquids and gases (that is, the vibrations of particles in the gas or liquid transport the vibrations, while the "average" position of the particles over time does not change). During propagation, waves can be reflected, refracted, or attenuated by the medium.
The behavior of sound propagation is generally affected by three things:
When sound is moving through a medium that does not have constant physical properties, it may be refracted (either dispersed or focused).
The mechanical vibrations that can be interpreted as sound are able to travel through all forms of matter: gases, liquids, solids, and plasmas. The matter that supports the sound is called the medium. Sound cannot travel through a vacuum.
Longitudinal and transverse waves.
Sound is transmitted through gases, plasma, and liquids as longitudinal waves, also called compression waves. Through solids, however, it can be transmitted as both longitudinal waves and transverse waves. Longitudinal sound waves are waves of alternating pressure deviations from the equilibrium pressure, causing local regions of compression and rarefaction, while transverse waves (in solids) are waves of alternating shear stress at right angle to the direction of propagation.
The energy carried by an oscillating sound wave converts back and forth between the potential energy of the extra compression (in case of longitudinal waves) or lateral displacement strain (in case of transverse waves) of the matter, and the kinetic energy of the displacement velocity of particles of the medium.
Sound wave properties and characteristics.
Sound waves are often simplified to a description in terms of sinusoidal plane waves, which are characterized by these generic properties:
Sound that is perceptible by humans has frequencies from about 20 Hz to 20,000 Hz. In air at standard temperature and pressure, the corresponding wavelengths of sound waves range from 17 m to 17 mm.
Sometimes speed and direction are combined as a velocity vector; wavenumber and direction are combined as a wave vector.
Transverse waves, also known as shear waves, have the additional property, "polarization", and are not a characteristic of sound waves.
Speed of sound.
formula_1
The speed of sound depends on the medium the waves pass through and is a fundamental property of the material. The first significant effort towards developing a formula to measure the speed of sound was made by Newton. He believed that the speed of sound in a particular substance was equal to the square root of the pressure acting on it (STP) divided by its density.
formula_2
This was later proved wrong when found to incorrectly derive the speed. French mathematician Laplace corrected the formula by deducing that the phenomenon of sound travelling is not isothermal, as believed by Newton, but adiabatic. He added another factor to the equation-"gamma"-and multiplied formula_3 to formula_4 , thus coming up with the equation formula_5 . Since formula_6 the final equation came up to be formula_7 which is also known as the Newton-Laplace equation. In this equation, K = elastic modulus, c = velocity of sound, and formula_8 = density. Thus, the speed of sound is proportional to the square root of the ratio of the elastic modulus (stiffness) of the medium to its density.
Those physical properties and the speed of sound change with ambient conditions. For example, the speed of sound in gases depends on temperature. In air at sea level, the speed of sound is approximately using the formula "v = (331 + 0.6 T) m/s". In fresh water, also at 20 °C, the speed of sound is approximately . In steel, the speed of sound is about . The speed of sound is also slightly sensitive (a second-order anharmonic effect) to the sound amplitude, which means that there are nonlinear propagation effects, such as the production of harmonics and mixed tones not present in the original sound (see parametric array).
Perception of sound.
The perception of sound in any organism is limited to a certain range of frequencies. For humans, hearing is normally limited to frequencies between about 20 Hz and 20,000 Hz (20 kHz), although these limits are not definite. The upper limit generally decreases with age. Other species have a different range of hearing. For example, dogs can perceive vibrations higher than 20 kHz, but are deaf to anything below 40 Hz. As a signal perceived by one of the major senses, sound is used by many species for detecting danger, navigation, predation, and communication. Earth's atmosphere, water, and virtually any physical phenomenon, such as fire, rain, wind, surf, or earthquake, produces (and is characterized by) its unique sounds. Many species, such as frogs, birds, marine and terrestrial mammals, have also developed special organs to produce sound. In some species, these produce song and speech. Furthermore, humans have developed culture and technology (such as music, telephone and radio) that allows them to generate, record, transmit, and broadcast sound. The scientific study of human sound perception is known as psychoacoustics.
Noise.
Noise is a term often used to refer to an unwanted sound. In science and engineering, noise is an undesirable component that obscures a wanted signal.
Sound pressure level.
Sound pressure is the difference, in a given medium, between average local pressure and the pressure in the sound wave. A square of this difference (i.e., a square of the deviation from the equilibrium pressure) is usually averaged over time and/or space, and a square root of this average provides a root mean square (RMS) value. For example, 1 Pa RMS sound pressure (94 dBSPL) in atmospheric air implies that the actual pressure in the sound wave oscillates between (1 atm formula_9 Pa) and (1 atm formula_10 Pa), that is between 101323.6 and 101326.4 Pa.
As the human ear can detect sounds with a wide range of amplitudes, sound pressure is often measured as a level on a logarithmic decibel scale. The sound pressure level (SPL) or "L"p is defined as
Since the human ear does not have a flat spectral response, sound pressures are often frequency weighted so that the measured level matches perceived levels more closely. The International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) has defined several weighting schemes. A-weighting attempts to match the response of the human ear to noise and A-weighted sound pressure levels are labeled dBA. C-weighting is used to measure peak levels.
Equipment for dealing with sound.
Equipment for outputing or generating : musical instrument, sound box, hearing phones, sonar systems, sound reproduction, and broadcasting equipment. Many of these use electro-acoustic transducers for input : microphones .

</doc>
<doc id="18994089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994089" title="Cha Dong-Min">
Cha Dong-Min

Cha Dong-Min (Hangul: 차동민, Hanja: 車東旻) (born August 24, 1986 in Seoul, South Korea) is a South Korean taekwondo practitioner.
Height: 6'2" (188 cm)
Weight: 181 lbs (82 kg)
In 2008, he won the gold medal in the +80 kg category at the Beijing Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18994103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994103" title="List of nicknames of blues musicians">
List of nicknames of blues musicians

The following list of nicknames of blues musicians complements the existing list of blues musicians by referring to their nicknames, stage names and so on, thereby helping to clarify possible confusions arising over artists with similar or exactly the same nicknames. The list is arranged in alphabetical order of the nickname, as opposed to the surname. For the possible origins of the nickname, please see corresponding article.

</doc>
<doc id="18994107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18994107" title="Arman Chilmanov">
Arman Chilmanov

Arman Chilmanov () (born April 20, 1984) is a Kazakhstani Taekwondo athlete.
2008 Olympics.
Chilmanov was the other competitor in the controversial +80 kg bronze medal match against Ángel Matos of Cuba. 
He was behind 3-2 in the second round when his opponent sustained an injury to his toe. Matos took a Kyeshi - one minute of injury recovery time - but Chilmanov was declared the winner of the bout when the Cuban's timeout expired. After a brief argument, Matos kicked referee Chakir Chelbat in the face, pushed a judge and spat on the floor of the arena before being escorted out by security, and was subsequently banned for life, along with his coach Leudin González. After the chaos, he commented "To me it was obvious he (Matos) couldn't continue, the toe on his left foot was broken. Rules are rules, I'm happy with my medal".

</doc>
