<doc id="18979215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979215" title="Arbeitskreis gemeinnütziger Jugendaustauschorganisationen">
Arbeitskreis gemeinnütziger Jugendaustauschorganisationen

Regardless of political or religious convictions, the Arbeitskreis gemeinnütziger Jugendaustauschorganisationen (AJA) is the umbrella organisation of non-profit youth exchange organisations in Germany that engage in the promotion of long-term student exchange as a means for intercultural understanding. In IJAB, the German department of international youth work, AJA is the only organisation that represents long-term student exchange.
Development.
AJA was founded in 1993. At that time, the organisations AFS Interkulturelle Begegnungen (see AFS Intercultural Programs), Deutsches Youth For Understanding (YFU) Komitee e.V.(see Youth For Understanding), Experiment e.V. and Partnership International e.V. aligned with each other on the basis of common quality criteria. In an annual job rotation, one of the directors of the AJA organisations acts as the official AJA Speaker. Since 2004, AJA has an own office in Berlin. Its director and AJA representative is Rita Stegen. On July 1, 2008, Rotary Jugenddienst e.V. (see Rotary International) joined AJA as its fifth member.
The work of AJA.
AJA calls attention to the educational effects of one year high school student exchanges and actively assists its promotion. It decisively advocates quality control in international student exchange and generates, together with its members, common criteria that serve as a means of orientation for all those interested in youth exchange. In the context of enhancing general conditions of exchange programmes as well as improving recognition guidelines of school exchange years abroad, AJA closely cooperates with national and international actors of politics. In order to make student exchange possible in all countries and for all students, AJA distinctively emphasizes the importance to extend youth exchange with the new EU members and to launch financial support that is provided by political initiatives. 
Acting as an umbrella organisation, AJA’s work always includes coordinating the cooperation and the communication among its members and representing them before media and politics.
Furthermore, AJA works with various schools throughout Germany in order to promote intercultural learning as an integral part of school education.
In the course of its work, AJA publishes statements, catalogues and information brochures with regard to different topics and continuously conducts various projects and conferences either as an organiser or as a cooperation partner. Extracts of publications and documentations are available on the AJA Homepage.
Youth Exchange in AJA.
By working both with its members and with external partners from different fields of social, political or economical life, AJA generally intends to accentuate and unfold the potentials of youth exchange in public awareness.
In AJA, youth exchange means:
Quality in Youth exchange.
Based on the support of volunteers, all AJA members conduct worldwide, long-term, educational high school student exchange programmes. Regardless of the colour of the skin, of religious and political conviction, they intend to promote intercultural learning, understanding, responsibility, tolerance and respect for a different life style in order to contribute to peace and democracy in the world.
AJA members cooperate on the basis of common criteria that shape the profile of each organisation. Quality in international youth exchange to AJA and its members means:
These criteria are available as a Download.

</doc>
<doc id="18979226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979226" title="Antonio Sastre">
Antonio Sastre

Antonio Sastre (April 27, 1911 – November 23, 1987) was an Argentine footballer who played most of his career for Club Atlético Independiente and São Paulo of Brazil. He is included in the Argentine Football Association hall of fame. Sastre was an all-round midfielder who could play well almost anywhere on the pitch due to his intelligence and versatility. Sastre is also known as one of the first true playmakers of the pre-war era as well as one of the best.
Club career.
Sastre started his playing career in 1931 with Independiente, during his 12 seasons with the club he played 340 games, scoring 112 goals. He was part of the championship winning squads of 1938 and 1939.
In 1942 he joined Brazilian side São Paulo, where he won three Campeonato Paulista titles in 1943, 1945 and 1946.
Sastre returned to Argentina in 1947 when he helped Gimnasia y Esgrima de La Plata win the Argentine 2nd division and gain promotion to the Argentine Primera.
International career.
Sastre played for the Argentina national team on 34 occasions, scoring 6 goals. He won Copa América with Argentina on two occasions, in 1937 and 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="18979244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979244" title="Fabrice Henry">
Fabrice Henry

Fabrice Henry (born February 13, 1968 in Argenteuil, Val-d'Oise) is a French former football midfielder who played for various clubs in France, Spain and Scotland throughout the 1980s and 1990s.
Career.
He started his professional career at FC Sochaux-Montbéliard in 1985, where he played for eight years, before joining Olympique de Marseille in 1993. He never broke into the first team at Marseille, however, and left after just one season to join Nîmes Olympique. He then went on to play for Perpignan Canet FC, Toulouse FC and CD Toledo between 1995 and 1997, when he joined Swiss side FC Basel. In 1999, he signed for Scotland's Hibernian before retiring in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18979249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979249" title="John Jackett">
John Jackett

John Jackett is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18979289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979289" title="Michael Schrader">
Michael Schrader

Michael Schrader (born 1 July 1987 in Duisburg) is a German decathlete. He finished tenth at the 2008 Olympic Games. His personal best score is 8670 points, winning him the silver medal at the 2013 World Championships in Moscow.
Schrader won the national junior title with a score of 7297 points in 2005. He improved to 7695 points in 2006, a year in which he won the junior section at the Mehrkampf-Meeting Ratingen, but failed to finish at the 2006 World Junior Championships in Athletics. He moved up to the senior ranks in 2007, recorded a best of 7947 points and placed sixth at the 2007 European Athletics U23 Championships. Schrader edged over the 8000-point barrier in 2008 with a total of 8248 points in Ratingen and managed tenth place at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Schrader looked to be a strong home candidate for the decathlon at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics held in Berlin after beating Trey Hardee at the Hypo-Meeting with a much improved best of 8522 points, but a stress fracture injury ruled him out.
He won the German decathlon title in August 2010, scoring 8003 points to take a win over André Niklaus. However, injuries left him unable to compete in 2011 and unable to finish the event in his sole outing of 2012 at the Hypo Meeting.
He returned, recovered from injuries, in 2013 with a performance of 8427 points in Ulm, including personal bests of 10.52 seconds for the 100 m, 14.74 m for the shot put, 14.02 seconds for the 110 m hurdles and 45.62 m for the discus.

</doc>
<doc id="18979309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979309" title="Katherine Jakeways">
Katherine Jakeways

Katherine Jakeways is a British comedian, actor and writer. Her television appearances include Extras, all 3 series of BBC1's "The Armstrong and Miller Show" and Miranda. She is also notable as one of the regular cast in the radio series "Deep Trouble" and "Look Away Now" and plays Mrs Pepys in Radio 4's continuing Woman's Hour Drama "The Diary of Samuel Pepys". She appeared onstage as Sandy in "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" at the Garrick Theatre in 2006, and was the Entire Supporting Cast in Armstrong and Miller's 2010 national tour. 
Wednesday 16 June 2010 saw the first episode of her debut radio comedy, "North by Northamptonshire", broadcast on "BBC Radio 4". The second series was broadcast from 2 December 2011. North by Northamptonshire stars Sheila Hancock, Penelope Wilton, Mackenzie Crook, Kevin Eldon, Geoffrey Palmer and Felicity Montagu. Katherine also plays several parts in the show and after the first series was broadcast the Radio Times said "Katherine Jakeways is the new Victoria Wood. And that’s official. Her character comedy is so acutely observed and so sharp that it’s in danger of causing permanent injury". The second series of North by Northamptonshire was nominated for a Sony Radio Award.
Personal life.
She is married to BBC Five Live travel presenter and film reviewer Nick Duncalf. They live in North London and have a daughter and a son.

</doc>
<doc id="18979316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979316" title="Elliot Hovey">
Elliot Hovey

Elliot Meyer Hovey (born 17 February 1983 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American rower who participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics. 
During his youth in New England, Hovey's athletic focus was primarily on downhill ski racing. By high school he lost interest and began his rowing career at Salisbury School in Salisbury, Connecticut (1999). He quickly rose through the ranks on Salisbury's Crew with hopes of following his grandfather's footsteps and row on an Ivy League college team. 
In the process, Hovey posted nationally ranked Concept2 ergometer scores for 2000 meter tests at the Junior level. He was invited to the US Junior National Rowing Team selection camps in 2000 and 2001 which both took place on the Schuylkill River in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Hovey failed to be selected and was cut from both teams. He was then recruited by coaches Booth Kyle and Ed Kloman (2000) as well as Evans Liolin and Colin Campbell (2001) to row with the Boston Rowing Center's (BRC) junior men's development teams. Both years at BRC were enormously successful.
In the fall of 2001, Hovey applied early decision to Brown University with hopes to fulfill his dream to row on an Ivy League team. He was immediately deferred and then wait listed. Shortly after he was approached by the University of California, Berkeley's Freshman coach Geoff Bond and offered a promising opportunity to row for the California Golden Bears. Turning his back on the Ivy League dream, Hovey applied to the University of California, Berkeley and enrolled in classes the next fall.
Elliot Hovey resigned his membership at the California Rowing Club (CRC) in Oakland, CA in early December, 2009 and is currently affiliated with the US Rowing Training Center (Chula Vista) located at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, California. He is also a member of Union Boat Club in Boston, Massachusetts and an Ordinary Member of Leander Club in Henley-on-Thames, England.
Elliot Hovey is the grandson of the late Charles A. Meyer and a descendant of George von Lengerke Meyer.
Achievements.
Olympics.
2012 Summer Olympics- London 2012 - Men's Quadruple Sculls (M4x) with teammates Peter Graves, Alex Osborne, and Wes Piermarini - 13th place.
2008 Summer Olympics - Beijing 2008 - Men's Double Sculls (M2x) with partner Wes Piermarini - 13th place.
World Championships.
2009 World Rowing Championships - Poznań, Poland - Men's Quadruple Sculls (M4x) - 12th place.
World Cups.
2010 Rowing World Cup III - Rotsee, Lucerne, Switzerland - Men's Quadruple Sculls (M4X) - 8th place.
2010 Rowing World Cup II - Munich, Germany - Men's Quadruple Sculls (M4X) - 7th place.
2009 Rowing World Cup III - Rotsee, Lucerne, Switzerland - Men's Quadruple Sculls (M4X) - 4th place.
Henley Royal Regatta.
2008 Henley Royal Regatta - Henley-on-Thames, England - Winner of Double Sculls Challenge Cup with partner Wes Piermarini.
U.S. Rowing Selection Regattas.
2010 US National Selection Regatta (NSR 3) Men's Double Sculls with Wes Piermarini - 2nd place.
2009 US National Selection Regatta (NSR 2) Men's Double Sculls with Warren Anderson - 2nd place.
2009 US National Selection Regatta (NSR 1) Men's Single Sculls - 5th place.
2008 US Rowing Olympic Trials - West Windsor, New Jersey - Men's Double Sculls with Wes Piermarini - 1st place.
Intercollegiate.
2006 Intercollegiate Rowing Association (IRA) national champion, University of California, Berkeley Men's Varsity Eight (8+) (2 seat).
2006 Pac-10 Conference Champion, University of California, Berkeley Men's Varsity Eight (8+) (2 seat).
2006 All-Conference winner and selected for the All-Pac-10 Team.
Club.
Winner of the 2007 Royal Canadian Henley Regatta in the Sr. Men's Double Scull with partner Michael Holbrook.

</doc>
<doc id="18979323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979323" title="Westerton, County Durham">
Westerton, County Durham

Westerton is a village in County Durham, in England. It is situated between Bishop Auckland and Spennymoor. It sits on top of a hill which is one of the highest points in County Durham, and is the location of an observatory built for Thomas Wright, who was the first person to suggest that the Milky Way consisted of a flattened disk of stars. The observatory is known today as "Wright's Folly".

</doc>
<doc id="18979334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979334" title="Delicias Municipality">
Delicias Municipality

Delicias is a one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The capital lies at Delicias. The municipality covers an area of 335.4 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 127,211 with 108,000 living in the city of Delicias. 

</doc>
<doc id="18979350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979350" title="Cinderella (1914 film)">
Cinderella (1914 film)

Cinderella is a 1914 silent film starring Mary Pickford, directed by James Kirkwood, Sr., produced by Daniel Frohman, and released by Famous Players Film Company. The film is based upon the fairy tale "Cinderella". The film was released on DVD as a bonus feature from the DVD of "Through the Back Door" (1921).
Plot.
Cinderella is a kind young woman who lives with her wicked stepmother and ugly stepsisters. They abuse her and use her as the house maid. Cinderella thinks she's all alone in the world, but doesn't know a fairy godmother is constantly helping her. One day, she is collecting wood from the forest and meets Prince Charming. They immediately fall in love with each other, but lose contact. Soon, a ball is arranged by the prince to look for his future wife. The stepsisters think they make a great chance in being chosen by the prince. Cinderella wants to go as well, but isn't allowed to by her cruel family.
The sisters go to a fortune teller, who announces a member of the family will be chosen by the prince. The sisters are delighted and think it will be one of the two of them. When they leave for the ball, Cinderella is left behind. The fairy godmother appears and asks if she wants to go to the ball as well. When Cinderella responds positively, the fairy godmother orders her to bring her the biggest pumpkin she can find. Cinderella does so and the fairy godmother changes it into a luxurious stage coach. She next asks for the smallest mice she can find. Cinderella brings her some mice from the house and the fairy godmother changes them into horses.
The fairy godmother next orders her to bring her the biggest rats there are. After Cinderella collected them, the fairy godmother changes them into servants. She finally changes Cinderella's poor maiden costume into a dress fit for a princess, and glass slippers, of course. She reminds Cinderella she will have to be back at home before the clock strikes midnight. Otherwise, her fine dress will turn into rags and the coach and servants will become what they were before.
As Cinderella arrives at the party, Prince Charming is already busy looking for his future wife. It is soon announced an unknown lady has arrived in a coach. Prince Charming immediately chooses her and they go to a private place where they learn to know each other. As they flirt, Cinderella notices it is almost twelve o'clock and storms out. She loses her glass slipper, before she turns into her old poor self again.
The next day, the royal heralds announce the Prince's wish to marry the woman whose foot fits the lost glass slipper. The sisters go to the palace to try fit their feet into the slippers, while Cinderella is yet again forced to stay home. It becomes clear the royal heralds every woman of the town has tried but failed to wear the slippers, except for Cinderella. Prince Charming immediately goes to visit her and is shocked when he finds out she is a poor maid. He doesn't turn his back against her, though, and he invites her to try on the slipper. When she does, she is announced as the future princess. The royal heralds give her the opportunity to behead her sisters, but she refuses to.
In the final scene, the fairy godmother appears and blesses her. Cinderella and Prince Charming live happily ever after.

</doc>
<doc id="18979367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979367" title="The Dreams in the Witch House and Other Weird Stories">
The Dreams in the Witch House and Other Weird Stories

The Dreams in the Witch House and Other Weird Stories is Penguin Classics' third omnibus edition of works by 20th-century American author H. P. Lovecraft. It was released in September 2004 and is still in print.
This edition is the third in Penguin Classics' series of paperback collections. It collects the "definitive" editions of Lovecraft's popular stories as edited by S. T. Joshi. 
Its companion volumes from Penguin Classics are "The Call of Cthulhu and Other Weird Stories" (2001), and "The Thing on the Doorstep and Other Weird Stories" (2001).
Contents.
"The Dreams in the Witch House and Other Weird Stories" contains the following tales:
External links.
All of the stories collected in this edition can also be found at . Scholars should note that the texts transcribed on Wikisource "may" contain errors, or may represent "uncorrected" versions.

</doc>
<doc id="18979371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979371" title="Dr. Phillips Center for Performing Arts">
Dr. Phillips Center for Performing Arts

The Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts is a performing arts center under construction in Downtown Orlando, Florida, United States. It will replace the Bob Carr Performing Arts Centre, originally built in 1926. The new performing arts center is scheduled to open in 2014. Barton Myers Associates of Los Angeles is the design architect, with acoustics by Artec Consultants and Theatre Project Consultants designing the theaters.
The venue was approved along with a new Amway Center (which replaced the Amway Arena) and improvements to the Citrus Bowl after a series of hearings and votes, culminating in final votes in the Orange County Board of County Commissioners on July 26, 2007, and the Orlando City Council on August 6, 2007.
The design for the new venue was revealed on August 21, 2008. The venue will feature a 2,700-seat amplified hall for Broadway theater-class play events, a 1,700-seat acoustic hall for ballet, operas and orchestral performances, and a 300-seat venue for smaller functions.
The venue will cost US$386 million. Two-thirds of the funding comes from public funds, largely from the Orange County, Florida, tourist development tax. The other one-third comes from private donations, including a large grant from the Dr. P. Phillips Foundation, the philanthropic organization funded through the estate of Dr. Philip Phillips.
A slow-down in the tourist development tax and other economic conditions have forced the plans to become phased. The amplified hall and the 300-seat venue are planned for phase I and Phase II includes the acoustic hall. Groundbreaking took place in June 2011.
The center, when fully completed, will occupy two city blocks. Some of the existing structures demolished to clear room for the center included Orlando Fire Department Station #1 (which moved to Central Blvd.), an annex building of First United Methodist Church of Orlando, and the round American Federal Building in the 1960s. The center will be bordered by Orange Ave to the west, South St. to the north, Rosalind Ave. to the east, and Anderson St. to the south. Magnolia Ave. will bisect the property.

</doc>
<doc id="18979398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979398" title="Batal Tabagua">
Batal Tabagua

Batal Tabagua () is the Chairman of the Central Election Commission of the Republic of Abkhazia. He was appointed to the Central Election Commission December 11, 2004 by outgoing president Vladislav Ardzinba and elected Chairman December 14 after his predecessor, Sergei Smyr, had resigned during the crisis that ensued after the October 3 Presidential election. Previously, Tabagua had been Minister for Justice and head of the Ochamchira district administration.

</doc>
<doc id="18979412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979412" title="Zlatko Horvat">
Zlatko Horvat

Zlatko Horvat (born 25 September 1984) is a Croatian handball player. He is currently playing for RK Zagreb, where he played for the first team since 2002.
Horvat is currently also a member of the Croatian national handball team. He represented his country at the European Championships in 2006 and 2008 as well as the 2009 World Championship, winning two silver medals with the team. He also played for Croatia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="18979413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979413" title="Domagoj Duvnjak">
Domagoj Duvnjak

Domagoj Duvnjak (born 1 June 1988) is a Croatian handball player who plays for HSV Hamburg. He became a member of the Croatia national handball team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. On 26 January 2014, he was named the IHF World Player 2013.
In August 2009, Duvnjak signed a three-year contract with HSV Hamburg worth €2.25 million, including a transfer fee of €1.1 million, making him – at age 21 – the most expensive handball player in history of the sport.
Following the end of the 2013/14 season the playmaker will join HSV rivals THW Kiel after opting not to extend his contract with Hamburg again, but signing with them instead.

</doc>
<doc id="18979414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979414" title="Tonči Valčić">
Tonči Valčić

Tonči Valčić (born 9 June 1978 in Zadar) is a Croatian handball player. He was a member of the Croatia national handball team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="18979415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979415" title="Renato Sulić">
Renato Sulić

Renato Sulić (born 12 November 1979 in Rijeka) is a Croatian handball player who currently plays for MKB Veszprém KC.
He is a former Croatian international, who represented his country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="18979416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979416" title="Ljubo Vukić">
Ljubo Vukić

Ljubo Vukić (born 3 August 1982) is a Croatian handball player. Born in Split, he was a member of the Croatia national handball team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="18979417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979417" title="Citizens' Advisory Council on National Space Policy">
Citizens' Advisory Council on National Space Policy

The Citizen's Advisory Council on National Space Policy was a group of prominent US citizens concerned with the space policy of the United States of America. It is no longer active.
History.
The Council's roots date to 1980 as a group which prepared many of the Reagan Administration Transition Team's space policy papers.
The Council was formally created in 1981 by joint action of the American Astronautical Society and the L5 Society to develop a detailed and technically feasible space policy to further the national interest. Participant Gregory Benford would in 1994 describe the activities of the council:
The Council, a raucous bunch with feisty opinions, met at the spacious home of science fiction author Larry Niven. The men mostly talked hard-edge tech, the women policy. Pournelle stirred the pot and turned up the heat. Amid the buffet meals, saunas and hot tubs, well-stocked open bar, and myriad word processors, fancies simmered and ideas cooked, some emerging better than half-baked...Finally, we settled on recommending a position claiming at least the moral high ground, if not high orbits. Defense was inevitably more stabilizing than relying on hair-trigger offense, we argued. It was also more principled. And eventually, the Soviet Union might not even be the enemy, we said - though we had no idea it would fade so fast. When that happened, defenses would still be useful against any attacker, especially rogue nations bent on a few terrorist attacks. There were plenty of science fiction stories, some many decades old, dealing with that possibility. The Advisory Council met in August of 1984 in a mood of high celebration. Their pioneering work had yielded fruits unimaginable in 1982 - Reagan himself had proposed the Strategic Defense Initiative, suggesting that nuclear weapons be made "impotent and obsolete". The Soviets were clearly staggered by the prospect. (Years later I heard straight from a senior Soviet advisor that the U.S. SDI had been the straw that broke the back of the military's hold on foreign policy. That seems to be the consensus now among the diplomatic community, though politically SDI is a common whipping boy, its funding cut.)
Meetings.
November, 1980<br>
July, 1983<br>
May 9–11, 1986<br>
August 10, 1997
Reports.
28 September 1983. Substantial portions of this report were later published in the book "Mutual Assured Survival" (Baen Books, 1984) by Jerry Pournelle and Dean Ing.
Spring, 1986
February 15, 1989
March 20, 1994
Membership.
Jerry Pournelle, Chairman
Astronauts.
Buzz Aldrin, Gerald Carr, Fred Haise, Phil Chapman, Pete Conrad
Aerospace industry.
George Merrick (North American Rockwell, Space Division), George Gould, Gordon Woodcock, Gary Hudson, George Koopman, Maxwell Hunter, Art Dula
Space scientists and engineers.
Lowell Wood, G. Harry Stine, Eric Laursen, Chuck Lindley, James Benford, Maxwell Hunter, George Gould
Military officers (retired).
Lt. General Daniel O. Graham, USA Ret'd; Brigadier General Robert Richardson, USAF Ret'd; Major General Stewart Meyer; USA Ret'd, Col. Jack Coakley, USA Ret'd; Col. Francis X. Kane, USAF Ret'd.
Computer scientists.
Marvin Minsky, Danny Hillis, John McCarthy, David Mitchell
Science fiction authors and publishers.
Poul Anderson, Greg Bear, Robert A. Heinlein, Gregory Benford, Dean Ing, Steven Barnes, Jim Baen, Larry Niven
Others.
Stefan T. Possony, Bjo Trimble, Alexander C. Pournelle, James Miller Vaughn, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="18979418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979418" title="Mirko Alilović">
Mirko Alilović

Mirko Alilović (born 15 September 1985) is a Croatian handball goalkeeper who plays for KC Veszprém. He is also member of the Croatia national handball team, with them he won the silver medals both on the World Championship (2009) and the European Championship (2008, 2010).
He was named the best athlete from Ljubuški in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18979470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979470" title="Minger (slang)">
Minger (slang)


</doc>
<doc id="18979471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979471" title="Aulacigastridae">
Aulacigastridae

Aulacigastridae is a very small family of flies known as sap flies. The family Stenomicridae used to be included within this family, but was moved by Papp in 1984. They are found in all the Ecoregions.
Description.
For terms see Morphology of Diptera.
Aulacigastrids are small black flies.The head is rounded. Postvertical bristles and ocellar bristles are absent, there are two orbital bristles on each side of frons, the anterior orbital bristle directed forward and towards median line. Vibrissae are well developed.On the mesonotum there are two pairs of dorsocentral bristles. The costa is interrupted near the subcosta (which reaches the costa).The posterior basal wing cell and discoidal wing cell are fused and the anal vein does not reach the margin of the wings.
Biology.
The larvae of sap flies feed on the sap of deciduous and coniferous trees (sap runs) and feed on micro-organisms within the sap. Adults feed on nectar, and other fermenting substances.

</doc>
<doc id="18979475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979475" title="Olympic poster">
Olympic poster

An Olympic poster is a design describing the aim of the edition of the Olympic Games. Each Olympic games has its own Olympic poster that is created and proposed by the Olympic Games Coordination Commission (OGCC) and/or the National Olympic Committee (NOC). It is the responsibility of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to approve Olympic poster for the Olympic games. The Olympic poster may be used, like the Olympic emblems in promotional materials, by sponsors of the Olympics. All posters are the property of the IOC.

</doc>
<doc id="18979478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979478" title="Lena Schöneborn">
Lena Schöneborn

Lena Schöneborn (born April 11, 1986 in Troisdorf, Germany) is a German pentathlete, who won the gold medal in the Modern Pentathlon at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She is living in Berlin and besides Pentathlon she is studying Marketing.
She got a Gold at the Women’s Final of the Modern Pentathlon European Championships 2011, held in Medway.

</doc>
<doc id="18979484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979484" title="Vogue (cigarette)">
Vogue (cigarette)

Vogue is an upmarket brand of cigarette available in several varieties, including regular, menthol and lights. Vogue cigarettes are marketed in both king size and super slim, which is about 100mm long and thinner than a standard size cigarette. The brand is owned by British American Tobacco. Vogue cigarette brand belongs to a decorative or fashionable kind on the cigarettes market and is sold primarily to women. The Vogue cigarette's style was based on the 1950s couture captured by Henry Clarke. The distinctive design of the package is intended to symbolize elegance, class and refinement.
Singer Madonna is shown smoking a Vogue brand cigarette in the video for her 1990 single "Vogue".
History.
In 1999, the line of Vogue cigarettes emerged from an alliance of the British American Tobacco company with its American opponent Rothmans International companies. The ‘Vogue Superslims’ and ‘Vogue Superslims Menthol’ were launched in 1987. This trademark remains in a stable position on the market for women.
In 2005, Lilas, Bleue and Menthe, which formed the Vogue Arome line, were added to the main line of Vogue cigarettes. They achieved great success and up to 2006 the whole series of Vogue Arome was stocked on the European market. In March 2007, Vogue Blanche and Vogue Noire were launched.
The manufacturers announced a complete image renewal in August 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18979487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979487" title="Friederike Krüger">
Friederike Krüger

(Sophie Dorothea) Friederike Krüger, alias August Lübeck or Auguste Krüger (8 October 1789, Friedland, Mecklenburg - 31 May 1848, Templin) was a soldier in the Prussian army. 
Life.
She served disguised as a man during the Napoleonic Wars in Germany from 1813 to 1815 in the first company of the "Kolbergsches Infanterieregiment" (renamed the 9th Grenadier regiment in 1914). Trained as a tailor, at 23 years old she cut off her hair, put on a male costume she had designed herself and obeyed a mobilisation proclamation. Owing to the speed of mobilisation there were no medical examinations and so she was not discovered at first. Her comrades admired her courage very much and were loyal to her, but during one attack her high voice caused the others to realize that she was female. However, she had got into favour with Bravour and so she was not ejected from the army. Indeed, she was even promoted to corporal after the Battle of Möckern.
At the end of the war she married a Prussian corporal Karl Köhler on 5 March 1816 and left the army. They had four children. She was awarded the Iron Cross and the Commemorative War Medal by King Frederick William III of Prussia for her bravery. On her death, she was buried in the St.-Georgen-Friedhof in Templin, where her grave can still be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="18979549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979549" title="Albinterferon">
Albinterferon

Albinterferon (alb-IFN, trade name Albuferon) is a recombinant fusion protein drug consisting of interferon alpha (IFN-α) linked to human albumin. Conjugation to human albumin prolongs the half-life of the IFN-α to about 6 days, allowing to dose it every two to four weeks.
The drug was under investigation as an alternative to pegylated IFN-α-2a for the treatment of hepatitis C. In response to an FDA ruling, Novartis and Human Genome Sciences announced on October 5, 2010 that they will cease development of the drug.
A French expert in hepatitis treatment, Dr. Yves Benhamou, member of the steering committee for a clinical trial of the drug was detained on criminal fraud charges by the F.B.I. agents on 11-01-2010 as he attended a conference in Boston because he allegedly tipped off a hedge fund manager about setbacks in the clinical trials (two participants in the trial had developed lung disease and one of them died); he had a consulting relationship with a manager of the hedge fund. The manager sold his entire stake in Human Genome Sciences before it announced the setbacks in Jan. 2008 and avoided $30 million in losses.

</doc>
<doc id="18979550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979550" title="Mammals of the Indiana Dunes">
Mammals of the Indiana Dunes

species of mammals have been identified at the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore. Four other species are thought to inhabit the park, but have not been documented: the northern long-eared myotis ("Myotis septentrionalis"), the Indiana bat ("Myotis sodalis"), the hoary bat ("Lasiurus cinereus"), and the southern bog lemming ("Synaptomys cooperi")
Common mammals seen by visitors and residents include the eastern cottontail, the eastern fox squirrel, the white-footed mouse, the white-tailed deer, and the meadow vole. Extirpated mammals include the common porcupine ("Erethizon dorsatum"), the gray wolf ("Canis lupus"), the red wolf ("Canis rufus"), the black bear ("Ursus americanus"), the fisher ("Martes pennanti"), the North American river otter ("Lontra canadensis"), the mountain lion ("Puma concolor"), the Canada lynx ("Lynx canadensis"), the bobcat ("Lynx rufus"), the elk ("Cervus canadensis"), and the American bison ("Bison bison"). There are two threatened or endangered species in the dunes. The American badger ("Taxidea taxus"), on the Indiana threatened list is known to inhabit the area. The Indiana Bat ("Myotis indiana"), on the federal endangered list is presumed to inhabit areas of the dunes.
Habitats.
While this article breaks out mammal communities by habitats, one of the problems you'll encounter in the Dunes community is that the habitats are in flux. Razed Residential areas are slowly returning to the habitat of the surrounding area, whether that is a wetland hummock, or a savanna. At Mount Baldy forested areas are becoming open sand. While the process may take years, an area that once hosted a community of plants and animals may change in your lifetime.
Barren ground.
Barren ground consists of open sand on the beaches and blowouts. Barren grounds are about 4% of the dunes areas and occur mostly along the beaches. Because of the scarcity of plants there are no permanent mammals living in the area. The normal process is for animals hunt on the beach at night. Some animals will live in the scattered clumps of plants that may remain or return to the blowouts. Evidence of animals in the barren areas is usually done through their tracks. Animals appear to go to the beach to feed and/or drink. In the blowouts, evidence of mammals is found near the clumps of grass (marrain grass and sea rocket).
Species found
Beaches: Virginia opossum, raccoon, and prairie deer mice and white-tailed deer.
Blowouts: masked shrew, prairie vole, and meadow voles.
Prairie.
About 4.4% of the area of the dunes is Prairie. Three-fourths of that is dry prairie, the remainder is wet prairie.
Dry prairie.
Dry prairie primarily is along the front of dunes. It is easily identified by open sand with stands of marram grass and sand reed. The increased plant life over the barren sand provides shelter for small mammals. Little bluestem grass may be mixed in or it may form dense clumps among the dunes. The plots with little bluestem grass often had a greater variety of plant species, especially when away from the Lakeshore.
Species found
Prairie deer mice, white-footed mice, meadow voles, Thirteen-lined ground squirrels, northern short-tailed shrews, and eastern cottontails. The prairie mice are the only small mamma1 that increase in numbers with less plant cover. Voles thrive only with good plant cover. When Short-tailed shrews use dry prairies only where they abut wetter areas.
Prairie deer mice, white-footed mice, prairie voles, ground squirrels, eastern cottontails, and northern short-tailed shrew.
Prairie deer mice, white-footed mice, northern short-tailed shrews, thirteen-lined ground squirrels, and eastern cottontail.
Signs foundastern cottontail, the red fox, white-tailed deer, domestic dog and the long-tailed weasel. Sign have been seen that may be the southern bog lemming, but no animal itself has been found to confirm its presence. The bog lemming stays pretty much in bogs or wet areas. It does have a broad range of habitats around wetland areas. The thirteen-lined ground squirrel stays mostly in mowed areas, i.e., lawns, pastures, and roadsides. There discovery may indicate that they lived in the dry prairie before settlement created artificially maintained (mowed) spaces.
Wet prairie.
Species found
The masked shrew was most prominent. Meadow vole had been seen along the edge of wet areas at Hoosier Prairie. The white-footed mouse and the northern short-tailed shrew also in abundance. Other mammals were prairie deer mice, common raccoons, meadow vole, and meadow jumping mouse. Sign of the eastern mole, the woodchuck, the common raccoon and the white-tailed deer were seen.
Terrestrial shrubland.
No major terrestrial shrubland exists at the lakeshore. Instead, there is a shrubby area between the grass-covered dunes and the forested dunes. They consist of saplings of oaks, conifers, basswood; other trees soon to populate; and sometimes other species such as grape, cherry, and bearberry.
Lowland terrestrial shrubland.
This habitat may be willow thickets, red maple thicket or an aspen thicket. Some are former sand mines which are returning as dry prairie, including clumps of little bluestem grass or red osier dogwood.
Species found
No species of mammals were dominant or even abundant in this habitat. Mammals found include white-footed mice, northern short-tailed shrews, thirteen-lined ground squirrels, Virginia opossums, common raccoons, woodchuck, red squirrel, and meadow vole Sign may be seen of eastern cottontail, white-tailed deer, and the eastern mole. The use of this area is transitory as the area habitat is transitory.
Upland terrestrial shrubland.
Upland terrestrial shrubland are disturbed areas between grassy old field or savanna and wooded habitats.
Species found
The meadow voles and shrews reflect the former fields rather than the current shrubs. In the woody vegetation there is a range of animals from small to large including meadow voles, short-tailed shrews, white-footed mice, raccoons, masked shrew. prairie deer mouse, prairie vole, and meadow jumping mouse. Signs of white-tailed deer, eastern cottontail, eastern chipmunk, eastern fox squirrel, domestic dog, and red fox were found.
Savanna.
The lakeshore includes three types of savanna. Oak savanna constitutes about 3% of the area, coniferous savanna about 0,196, and mixed deciduous savanna about 1.0%.
Oak savanna.
Oak savannas are grassy areas with a scattering of black oaks. These areas grade black oak forest. It is often difficult to decide between black oak forest and black oak savanna. The Oak forest has a canopy of pure black oak. The understory is varied. Common shrubs in the understory include: oak saplings, blackberry, blueberry, rose, and Japanese honeysuckle. Common herbs in the understory include major grasses or sedges. Bracken fern and goldenrod are occasionally significant.
Species found
The white-footed mouse was the most abundant mamma1 found. The prairie deer mice occur in the sparsely vegetated and dry areas. The white-footed mouse is primarily in the woods but lives in a variety of habitats. Savanna is primarily a thinly wooded habitat that tends to favor the white-footed mouse over the prairie deer mouse. The prairie deer mouse prefer areas where the canopy is thinner and when the undergrowth is thin. Additionally, this habitat included: masked shrews, thirteen-lined ground squirrels, eastern chipmunks, southern flying squirrel, and the common raccoon. Seen in the Oak Savanna were the white-tailed deer; eastern mole, woodchuck, and eastern fox squirrel; eastern cottontail, eastern chipmunk, and red fox; and eastern gray squirrel.
Coniferous savanna.
Little coniferous savanna occurs in a narrow band between the grassy dunes and the black oak dunes. There is a layer of jack pine and a few black oaks. The shrub layer is very dense, forming fair to excellent cover. Bearberry and little bluestem grass are the dominant plants.
Species found
The white-footed mouse was the abundant. Virginia opossum, thirteen-lined ground squirrel, muskrat, and white-tailed deer, eastern cottontail, prairie deer mouse, meadow vole, red fox, and raccoon identified.
The white-footed mouse was favored in wooded area. The prairie deer mouse was found in open areas. Meadow voles and muskrats were found in moist areas with heavy cover and along interdunal ponds. The thirteen-lined ground squirrel and the prairie deer mouse were found in dry, open areas.
Mixed deciduous savanna.
The mixed deciduous savannas have scattered eastern cottonwoods with little bluestem grass. Other grasses were old witch grass and brome grass. Shrubs included grape, sumac, and bearberry and others. This savanna had a lot of cover for small animals.
Species found
The white-footed mouse was plentiful with northern short-tailed shrews, prairie deer mouse, meadow voles, and raccoons.
Upland forest.
Upland forest is the most extensive habitat along the lake. It is divided between upland oak forest mixed deciduous forest, and coniferous forest.
Upland oak forest.
Species found
The white-footed mouse, northern short-tailed shrews, two eastern gray squirrels, eastern chipmunk, and southern flying squirrel. Sign may be seen of white-tailed deer; eastern chipmunk and eastern fox squirrel, eastern mole, eastern gray squirrel, gray fox, long-tailed weasel, and eastern skunk.
Upland coniferous forest.
Conifers are short lived in the dunes. They exist briefly in the shrub stage before the oak forest moves in.
Species found
The white-footed mouse, northern short-tailed shrews, eastern gray squirrels, eastern chipmunk, and a southern flying squirrel. Signs were seen for white-tailed deer were recorded in three plots; eastern chipmunk and eastern fox squirrel and eastern mole, eastern gray squirrel, gray fox, long-tailed weasel, and eastern raccoons, and eastern cottontail.
Upland mixed deciduous forest.
Species found
The most abundant species is the white-footed mouse. Other mammals found include, the common raccoon, northern short-tailed shrews, Virginia opossum, meadow vole, woodchuck, red squirrel, eastern mole, eastern fox squirrel, and the white-tailed deer
Lowland forest.
Ephemeral lowland forest.
Ephemeral lowlands have a dense leaf cover of many different species. Silver or red maple are common with oak and ash, aspen and sassafras present. The shrubs may be closely packed or providing an open sparse cover. Spicebush is common. Numerous seedlings of the trees are present.
Species found
white-footed mice, northern short-tailed shrews, eastern chipmunks, common raccoons, long-tailed weasels, red squirrels, masked shrew, eastern cottontail, meadow vole, woodchuck, white-tailed deer; eastern mole and eastern cottontail.
Perennial lowland forest.
These forest retains water for 6 or more months each year. Vegetation varies greatly in this habitat. Maple are a dominant tree followed by pin oak, black oak, aspen, elm, birch and wild black cherry. These trees are common in the shrub layer, along with others, including blueberries and winterberry. The herb layer varies with graminoids and ferns. The herb and shrub layers were often clumped in hummocks.
Species found
The star-nosed mole may be present from evidence of burrows. The western most site recorded for the star-nosed mole is at Trail Creek at the southern edge of Michigan City just east of the park. Shrews may be more prevalent than the 1988 study found due to the dry conditions that year.
Wetlands.
A variety of wetlands exists through the dune lands. Most wetlands are marsh, then aquatic shrub land, swamp, and bog.
Marsh.
Marsh habitat includes the Great Marsh. Many muskrats occur in here marshes, Much of the marsh is cattail, with bulrushes, sedges, and sometimes buttonbush. Cowles Bog is a marsh rather than a bog because cattail is the dominant plant. However, it has a floating mat of vegetation typical of a bogs, and it does have some typical bog species grass of Parnassus and pitcher plant. This is very little canopy with some scattered willows or elms. The shrub layer consisted of thick buttonbush, willow, or Ribes. The herb layer was often cattail, sedges, or blue joint grass, with occasional false nettle.
Species found
Three species were of near equal importance-the masked shrew, the white-footed mouse, and the meadow vole. The next most common are the northern short-tailed shrew, the raccoon, and the white-tailed deer. Other species include the eastern cottontail, the eastern chipmunk, the meadow vole, woodchuck, the prairie vole, the common muskrat, and the long-tailed weasel. The muskrat is a major species in the marshes, lakes, and ditches near open water.
Aquatic shrublands.
There is little canopy in the aquatic shrub lands and what little there is consist of oak. The shrub layer is aspen, willow, or oak. The herb layer is blue joint grass or cattails.
Species foundThe northern short tailed shrew, the white-footed mouse, and the meadow vole were the mammals most widespread in this habitat. The meadow jumping mouse was the largest single species. The eastern cottontail, the prairie vole, the common raccoon, and the white-tailed deer are present.
Swamp.
A very small portion of the lakeshore is swamp, about 1%. The woody canopy is a mix of eastern cottonwood or black willow. Willow dominant the lower layer with blackberry or grape vine. These area have thick ground cover was of blue joint grass, sedges, and cattails.
Species found
Bogs.
Pinhook Bog and Cowles Bog are both acidic and calcareous with poor drainage. There is a mats of Sphagnum over parts of the bogs. Typical plants include pitcher plants, sundew, cotton grass, and poison sumac. Shrubby areas, called heaths include leatherleaf, blueberries, bog rosemary, and cranberries. The perimeter is dominated by Tamarack.
Pinhook Bog is a typical bog and used in the last study of mammals. Two areas were study; one was atypical for a bog and the other more typical. In the atypical plot, the dominant plant in the canopy was willow. The shrub layer included buttonbush, winterberry, poison ivy, wild rose. The dominant grasses were blue joint grass and smartweed --- water heartsease (Polygonurn coccineum). The typical plot had a canopy of tamarack and some pines and willows. In the shrub layer were bog rosemary, leatherleaf, blueberry, and huckleberry. The lowest layer, the herb layer was dominated by contained sphagnum, sedges, and pitcher plant.
Species found
The white-footed mouse was the only mammal taken in more than one study area. Other species include northern short-tailed shrews, one eastern cottontail, eastern chipmunk, and common raccoon. In 1978, 70 small mammals were identified, including masked shrews, northern short-tailed shrews, white-footed mice, meadow jumping mice, meadow voles, and house mice. In 1994, there were no masked shrews in Pinhook. The house mouse while abundant around cultivated fields it is not usually caught in native habitats.
Pannes.
Between the dune ridges, directly behind the beach front dunes are shallow depressions called pannes. Because they are low spots, they can contain water most of the year and will be surrounded by grass and shrubs. Pannes are open and without a canopy layer. Around the edges is a dense shrub layer, often containing red osier dogwood, willow, and Kalm's St. John's wort. The herb layer, closest to the ground tends to be excellent cover through summer and fall. Included in this layer are twig rush, and lake shore rush, strawberry, mountain mint and others.
Species found
Meadow vole was the only regularly occurring species White-footed mice and prairie deer mice were also identified. While both of these species were found in pannes, they were never found in the same panne. Larger species included the Virginia opossum and the northern short-tailed shrew.
Developed areas.
Razed residential.
Razed Residential areas have sparse canopy of eastern cottonwood with some maple, elm, ash, and others. The shrub layer is thin but consist of eastern cottonwood, ash, and willow seedlings, wild and multiflora rose, Japanese honeysuckle, blackberry, grape, and red osier dogwood. The herb layer is fair to excellent cover of grasses, goldenrods, and asters. There is no well-developed mammal community.
Species foundThe white-footed mouse was the most common mammal present. Other mammals include the raccoon, northern short-tailed shrew, eastern mole, meadow vole, woodchuck, eastern fox squirrel, striped skunk,and white-tailed deer.
Rights-of-way.
Rights-of-way include areas along roads, railroads, or bike trails. Various types of habitats may be disturbed by a right-of-way. Disturbed wet woodland tend to have a quaking aspen canopy and blackberry as the shrub layer. Blue joint grass and touch-me-not. (Impatiens) are the dominant herbaceous plants. There is seldom a canopy layer on Rights-of-ways. The shrub layer ranges from sparse to thick but is sparse in most right-of-ways. Blackberries are a dominant shrub with rose, grapes, Japanese honeysuckle, Spiraea, and shining sumac dominant in some areas. Many herbaceous plants are present. Some dominant species are blue joint grass, other grasses, and rushes. Other plants like marsh fern can be present.
Species found
The mammals of this habitat are the eastern cottontail and the white-tailed deer. Other mammals include the meadow vole, woodchuck and the prairie deer mouse. They are common in areas with the least amount of ground cover. Other species that may be found are the eastern mole, white-footed mouse, eastern fox squirrel, prairie vole, meadow vole, and meadow jumping mouse.
Excavated.
Excavated areas were where open sand existed because of human activities. Examples include former fly ash seepage and the site of an acid spill. All sites lack a canopy and have poor cover with scattered grasses, including little bluestem grass, sand reed, and nodding wild rye. Other area may have Joe-pye weed, bulrush, and spikerush.
Species found
Few animals use this habitat, such as meadow voles and common raccoons. This is not a good habitat for mammals. Animals that may pass through include the Virginia opossum, the eastern mole, woodchuck, prairie deer mouse, red fox, and white-tailed deer.

</doc>
<doc id="18979577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979577" title="Wellesley Nautical School">
Wellesley Nautical School

The Wellesley Nautical School was a naval training school first located on the Tyne, and later removed to Blyth
History.
The Wellesley Nautical School was founded in 1868 by a group of philanthropic businessmen on Tyneside under the leadership of James Hall, 'to provide shelter for Tyneside waifs and train young men for service in both Royal and Merchant Navies.' The first accommodation was on board a Bombay built 74-gun third rate ship of the line HMS "Cornwall", which had been launched as HMS "Wellesley". This ship was repossessed and replaced circa 1874 by the hulked third rate, HMS "Boscawen", moored on the Tyne at North Shields and also renamed T.S. "Wellesley". By the early 1900s "Wellesley" was accepting boys from London, Manchester and Liverpool as well as from Tyneside and Yorkshire.
A change occurred in 1914 when the training ship was destroyed by fire, although all boys were brought ashore safely to reside until 1918 in the Tynemouth Plaza, on a temporary basis. An appeal was launched and raised £22,000 which allowed the school to take over the World War One submarine base at Blyth where it has been based since - apart from a period from the Second World War when the school evacuated to Hamsterley Forest in County Durham.
Wellesley became an Approved School in 1933, but continued to train boys (some of whom were still there as abandoned children or voluntarily) for sea-going trades in a variety of vessels sailing out of Blyth. In 1973, following substantial changes in the treatment of young boys incorporated in the Children and Young Persons Act 1969, Wellesley became part of The City of Sunderland's Council's Social Services Department and although the nautical element continued into the 1970s the last thirty years of its operation saw a distinct move away from sea-going training towards more general education and training as "Wellesley Community Home".
After being refused planning permission by Blyth Valley Council to make improvements to the site, an appeal was made and won by Sunderland Council. However, after much consideration it was decided by Sunderland that the home would be closed; Wellesley officially closed its doors on 6 November 2006. A website and contact details can be found at www.tswellesley.com
There is also a Facebook page under The Wellesley Nautical School

</doc>
<doc id="18979600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979600" title="Trybesmen">
Trybesmen

Trybesmen (also known as Da Trybe) is an African hip-hop group from Lagos, Nigeria. The Nigerian newspaper "NEXT" describes them as "one of the pioneers of hip hop in Nigeria" and the BBC called the group "legendary" in 2005.
The three original members, known as Eldee, Kaboom and Freestyle, first met in 1994 in Lagos. Their first album, "L.A.G Style Volume 1.", was released in 1999 to positive reviews. Their hits included "Trybal Marks" and "Shake Bodi." Two members, eLDee and Freestyle, recorded solo albums after the group broke up. They reunited to perform at an awards ceremony in Abuja in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18979604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979604" title="Johanna Stegen">
Johanna Stegen

Johanna Stegen, (11 January 1793, Lüneburg - 12 January 1842, Berlin) was a German heroine of the Napoleonic Wars.
On 2 April 1813 German troops (made up of the fusiliers and volunteer Jägers of the 1st Pommerschen infantry regiment) clashed with Napoleonic troops near Lüneburg. In the course of the battle, the Prussian regiment risked running out of ammunition and so Johanna rushed ammunition to them in her apron, thus significantly contributing to the Prussian victory. She was glorified soon afterwards in the patriotic poems of Friedrich Rückert. In 1817 she married the Prussian corporal Wilhelm Hindersin in Berlin - he had recently become royal Oberdrucker in the war ministry. In her memory a young woman dresses as her once a year to clean the war monument in Lüneburg and to tell onlookers of her actions, and streets in Lüneburg and Berlin-Steglitz are still named after her.

</doc>
<doc id="18979615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979615" title="Guru Hanuman">
Guru Hanuman

Guru Hanuman (Devanagari: गुरु हनुमान) (1901–1999) was a legendary wrestling coach of India who coached many medal-winning wrestlers. He was awarded the prestigious Dronacharya Award in 1988, the highest recognition for a sports coach in India, and the Padma Shri in 1983.
Early life.
Guru was born as Vijay Pal on 15 March 1901, in Chirawa in Rajasthan state in a Yaduvanshi Ahir family. He did not attend school, but began wrestling at the local village akhada from an early age. He moved to Delhi in 1919 to set up a shop near Birla Mills in Subzi Mundi, but instead became a wrestler and soon gained popularity in the field.
Career.
The Indian industrialist K. K. Birla gave him land to set up Akhara at in Malkaganj, Subzi Mandi (Old Delhi), thus 'Birla Mills Vyayamshala' was born around 1925, which in time became the Guru Hanuman Akhara. 
Both as a wrestler and as a coach, Guru Hanuman was a legend as he created a template for modern Indian wrestling, by mixing traditional Indian wrestling style, "pehlwani" with international wrestling standards. In time he coached almost all of India's freestyle international wrestlers. Three of his disciples Sudesh Kumar, Prem Nath and Ved Prakash won gold medals at the Cardiff Commonwealth Games in 1972. Other notable disciples, Satpal and Kartar Singh won gold medals in Asian Games in 1982 and 1986 respectively. Eight of his disciples got the highest Indian sporting honour Arjuna award.
He was a bachelor and vegetarian. He died in a car crash on 24 May 1999, near Meerut, on his way to Haridwar.
On August 9, 2003, a statue of Guru Hanuman was unveiled at the Kalyan Vihar Sports Stadium, in New Delhi,by former Delhi Chief Minister, Madan Lal Khurana,
Guru Hanuman Akhara.
This is a wrestlers training centre called akhara in traditional Hindi dialect. It was established in 1925 near Roshanara Park in north Delhi and it soon became the epicenter of Indian wrestling. Situated in the Old Delhi region, this akhara is said to have produced some of the brightest Indian wrestlers. 
The young wrestlers training there have an unshakeable belief that the land is blessed. So much that even when the government offered to provide a larger land with better training facilities, most of the wrestlers refused to shift out of the dilapidated buildings. However, due to lack of space, a modern gymnasium was built by the government at some distance from the akhara which is used by the trainees. The akhara is named after Guru Hanuman and currently trains about 200 wrestlers under the guidance of Maha Singh Rao.

</doc>
<doc id="18979625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979625" title="West Park St Helens">
West Park St Helens

West Park (St Helens) RFC is a rugby union club based in St Helens, Merseyside. They currently play in the South Lancs/Cheshire 1 league, the seventh tier of club rugby union.
Early years.
West Park RFC was formerly established in August 1947 at a meeting held in the Black Bull Hotel, though occasional matches had been played the previous season under the title "Catholic Grammar School Old Boys". Games were played on the abbreviated school pitch and in 1950 the club acquired the first pitch they could call their own, in-aptly named the 'Rose Bowl' - a patch of derelict land previously the site of a ramshackle collection of allotments. Every week the home team had to collect debris which had erupted from the ground, and on one occasion a match was interrupted whilst a full-sized perambulator was excavated!
Another match venue was the Alder Hey Road field: "Remarkable for the depth of its mud, making Passchendale and Ypres look like the Gobi desert in high summer".
After exhaustive searches by club officials, land was eventually leased at Red Rocks, Eccleston Hill for the season 1954/55. Club members spent the close season - on what is now Carmel College playing fields - digging drains with the help of an ancient milk horse, called Dolly, borrowed from Friths' Farm. The same season saw the opening of the club's first dressing rooms and club room, stark and bare (one passer-by thought the building was a new public convenience), but nevertheless the member's pride and joy. Periodic improvements and extensions accomplished by prudent management resulted in the comfortable surroundings enjoyed today.
Deprived of the original pitches by a land deal which allowed Education Authority land to be used by Pilkingtons' for their Head Office, and the War Department to gain room for expansion off Croppers Hill, saw Carmel College to be erected. The land where the present pitches are situated was acquired in 1960/61 and a gigantic earth-moving operation was required to produce the current two pitches on a split-level arrangement.
In recent years the club house required extensive renovation when affected by subsidence from a burst water main, but, like the future of West Park RFC, now has the firmest of foundations.
1950s - 1970s.
Playing records were improving all the time, but notoriety was achieved by West Park's first trophy won at the Caldy Sevens in 1953 and, even more significantly, as runners-up at both the Birkenhead Park Sevens and Manchester Sevens tournaments. Season 1953/54 saw the first fifteen unbeaten throughout and in 1957/58 membership was opened to all instead of limitation to 'Old Boys of West Park School' and 'Invited Guests'. Although many players moved on to senior clubs to gain county and, in the case of Martin Regan, international honours, David Griffiths became the first serving West Park player to be selected for Lancashire.
As frequent tourists over the years, West Park's inaugural trip was to Éire where they gained victory in the Kildare Sevens tournament. Enjoying frequent success in Sevens during the next few years enhanced the club reputation.
The appointment of Don Gullick as team coach in 1968 was another significant development in the club's fortunes, as players of that era will testify. Gullick's imaginative approach was very much in keeping with West Park's natural style of play. In 1962, the first Colts team was formed and this proved to be a useful source of players to supplement the regular intake from West Park School, which was to cease in years to come with the school closure. Although the Colts have figured intermittently over the years, in recent seasons Neil Ashurst, Martin Strett and Sean Fletcher all gained international honours at this age group. Veteran Fifteens took to the field for several seasons as membership expanded and, more recently, a vigorous and highly successful Junior Section was formed for age groups from under-9s up to under-16s, plus a Youth Section including both Junior and Senior Colts teams.
1970s onwards.
In pre-league rugby union days, the Lancashire RFU had at their disposal the best players in the county, and it was a sign of West Park's progress that in the 70s, Mike Glover, Rob Briers, Bernard Barrow, Bill Lawrenson and Barrie Barton gained County honours. Indeed, Glover and Briers were in the County side that won the Championship in 1972/73. Rob Briers, of course, went on to gain 44 County caps and to represent both the North and England under-23s.
Not surprisingly, players became the targets of the senior clubs and in succeeding years West Park regularly had to rebuild their side. The 'Professional Code', as it was then known, was also not slow in recognising rugby talent and in one season sevens players "turned" to Rugby League, two at least going on to International honours.
Improving the fixture lists, even after successful performances against 'better teams', was a difficult job, but the Club Fixture Secretaries have shown persistence and imagination over the years. West Park was forced to travel as far as Northumberland, South Wales, the Midlands and Yorkshire in order to meet stronger opposition, with some outstanding performances being registered in pre-league days. Success in the Lancashire Cup (twice as semi-finalists, once as runners-up) and in the Lancashire Trophy (twice winners) were interspersed with early success in the pioneer Girobank League structure. West Park was rewarded with a place in the North West 1st Division at the start, and when full RFU leagues were inaugurated we narrowly missed obtaining National status by finishing just one position from promotion.
Always active tourists, in addition to tours to Ireland and South Wales, West Park have twice visited the Americas (USA & Canada)
Many former players play an active role in the running of the club. Several of the original founder team members are still active, including Ken Ward. Outstanding individuals over the years are too many to mention, but Mike Allen regularly topped the try-scoring list for many seasons. Others with long service in the First XV were John Howard, Malcolm Worsley, Graham Houghton (the longest serving captain), Bernard Barrow, Dennis Glynn, Austin Sweeney and others too numerous to mention.
At the start of the National Leagues in 1987/88, West Park was in North Division 1, from which they narrowly missed promotion. Unfortunately, an exodus of some of the best players meant that, as mentioned before, team rebuilding had to begin again with the inevitable result of relegation to North Division 2, and then to North West 1, as 'money' began to 'talk' in the higher divisions.
Golden Jubilee.
In 1997, celebrations of West Park's 50th Anniversary started early with a Grand Ball held in May. Over 400 revellers attended this Golden Jubilee, at which many long-standing friendships were renewed, and many a famous game replayed. In July, we learned that we had been granted a Leyland 17-seater mini-bus - for the use of both junior and senior club players - by the Foundation of Sport and the Arts. This organisation is run in conjunction with the Pools firms, who place money into the foundation for the good of sport and art throughout the country. This was due to John Fletcher and Liam Fortune writing to this organisation regarding our problems of transporting young players on Sunday mornings when no local authority transport was available.
In the 1997/98 and 1998/99 seasons the teams made a valiant effort to achieve promotion by twice finishing runners-up in the North West 1 Division. We were hopeful of a successful and enjoyable new season with Steve Peters as the new coach, Martin Strett as club captain, and Rob Briers (who was also the Lancashire RFU vice-president) as Director of Rugby. Then in 1999/2000 West Park finally achieved its ambitions and we were duly promoted as Champions to North Division 2.
Updating the history shows many people who have not been mentioned through the years. Eric Briers - who has been an active member of the back room staff as team secretary, fixture secretary, lower teams' captain, press liaison officer, kit-master and general 'good egg' on Saturday mornings - has devoted over 40 years of service to West Park RFC. Dave Griffiths - (who would want his job as Team Secretary and Match Secretary?) has been doing these jobs for over 30 years. Frank Cheetham - who travels from Standish every Saturday to mark our pitches and even brings his own pies for his dinner. Tony Rigby - formerly Club President - returns from two years' non-backroom activities and non-linesman duties to resume normal service. The club thanks Tony for his dedication over the years. The other members on the scene: Dave Appleton has now taken over the Fixture Secretary's role from Eric Briers, and is in charge of the oranges, scoreboard and other mundane duties on Saturday afternoons. Tommy McLoughlin is still active, helping out on Saturdays and Sundays. Phil Jones and Barrie Wilson have also contributed to the club over many years. 'Mr. Junior Section', George Baldry, has given his time and expertise to the Mini/Junior Section since its inception in 1983, and it is a credit to him that the club is so vibrant in its youth policy. This was recognised by all member clubs of the Lancashire RFU who voted West Park as winners of the inaugural 'Best Junior Section'.
Modern era.
During recent seasons, the club has pushed forward in bringing the youth of the club to the fore. In Liam McLoughlin, Kevin Wheddon, Mark Williams, Darren Wilson, Andy Roberts, Mike Taylor, Phil Webster, Andrew Soutar, Brad Barker and Adam Leadbetter we have produced genuine first team talent, and it is hoped that they remain part of the first team squad on a regular basis.
The 1999/2000 season must be the finest in the club's history, with Sean Fletcher, Alan Prescott, Mike Gilman, John Bradbury and Bob Singleton running the first team squad, ably assisted by Mark Potter, Vinny King and Mark Barrow running the lower teams. Together they have proved to be a formidable team. Chris O'Toole and Neil Ryan joined us mid-season and together proved to be a tremendous halfback partnership, and Steve Bibby, as ever, proving to be an immovable object at No. 8. 'Player of the Year' Martin Strett was rejuvenated at fullback, and was able to bring on the talents of centre Paul Bailey. With the effervescent Glen Fletcher kicking to win, they steered Chris Stabler, Dom McCormack, Phil Lawrenson, Neil Slater and Steve Briers to great success. In the forwards, Sean Fletcher was inspirational at lock forward. Ross Bell, Mark Nolan, Carl Wales, Neil Atherton, Eliot Laughton, Chris Pennington, Phil Houlton, Rob Hanson, and the evergreen Bod Potter, have all formed a base on which the team has gone on to win the Thwaites North West Division 1 (undefeated). In addition, Park also won the Lancashire Trophy, beating Warrington 41-21 in the final at Preston Grass Hoppers, and at the same venue defeating National Division 2 side, Manchester, 33-23 in the John Burgess Lancashire Senior Cup. And not to be outdone, the Junior Colts, under Mike Webster and Ray Leadbetter, went on to win the R.T.J. Briers Lancashire Under-17s Cup, defeating Sedgley Park 11-10 at Wigan. Chris Briers scored a last-minute penalty to clinch a game that should have been in the bag after West Park had dominated for much of the play. What a season!
It had started well with Rob Briers being elected President of Lancashire (the first West Park member ever to be appointed). Both his sons gained representative honours and his beloved West Park went all the way in the league and cups, the 99/00 season is one that he will not forget. The icing on the cake came at both ends of the spectrum with Chris Jones winning an England Cap at Under-18s Clubs' level and Chris O'Toole being selected for the British Lions team who reached the final of the Classic Vets competition in Japan.
The 2000/2001 season offered some testing moments playing against the likes of Vale of Lune, Broughton Park, Widnes, Winnington Park, Lymm, Blackburn and Aldwinians in the newly formed North 2 (West) league. But West Park was up to the challenge and we were duly promoted, again as champions. Another great season was further enhanced by more England honours. No less than three of the Colts players, Chris Briers, Andy Kyriacou and Ian Critchley, were recognised at England under-18s Schools level, while former-Colt, Chris Jones, was recognised at England Under-19s. All have now moved on: Andi, Chris and Chris to Sale Sharks while Ian has gone to London Irish, where he joined another former West Park prop, Mike Worsley, who himself received his first full England cap against Italy in the 2003 Six Nations tournament. The Under-16s won the Lancashire Cup under Jeff Lawrenson and John Mather.
Season 2001/2002 matched us with the likes of Bradford & Bingley, Macclesfield, Halifax, Hull Ionians, Sheffield, Driffield and Darlington in North Division 1. Riding on the crest of the success wave of the previous years brought us so close to promotion, only to finish third after leading for most of the season. This season also saw the formation of West Park Warriors (formerly the 3rd XV) who played well enough to consolidate their new position in North Lancs Division 2. This move has led to more players signing for the club and the creation of the 4th XV. On a sad note, this season also witnessed the passing on of six founder members: Joe McCormack, Vint Wynn, Tony Greenhall, Harry Huyton, Des Platt and Fred Burrows, all within six weeks of each other. The Under-17s won the Lancashire Cup under Jeff Lawrenson and John Mather.
2002/2003 proved to be a consolidation season in North Division 1 with a number of retirements by the older players and the introduction of several youngsters, eventually finishing 7th after escaping from the relegation dogfight. The experienced Sean Fletcher was replaced by 22 year old Liam McLoughlin as club captain towards the end of the season after sustaining a serious eye injury which has resulted in his early retirement from the playing staff. The Under-18s won the Under-19s Lancashire Cup, their third successive Lancashire Cup win under Jeff Lawrenson and John Mather.
2003/2004 sees the 1st XV challenging again to reach the National Leagues from Powergen North Division 1; the 2nd XV taking their place in the newly formed North West Intermediate League Division 1, after two seasons in the North West Merit Table; and West Park Warriors taking their place in North Lancs. Division 1 after being promoted from Division 2 as champions.
2004-05
Liam McLoughlin who was appointed captain once again, unfortunately left for the greener pastures of Orrell. Martin Jones continued as club coach.
New Zealand Sports Academy based in the North Island Rotorua, who help to develop young Maori rugby Players, have formed a relationship with West Park via John Fletcher Director of Administration and Jim Love of the New Zealand Academy. They have been responsible for bring over two young Maori players “Clint Lockwood” and “Mattie Henwood”, the first of many we hope.
West Park won the Lancashire Cup with newly appointed captain “Carl Newman” picking up the cup, after successfully beating Preston Grasshoppers at Sedgley Park, they also won the “Lancashire sevens” at Blackburn overcoming Leeds Tykes in the final.
West Park’s Rob Briers was appointed Lancashire representative to the Council of the Rugby Football Union a great honour for the club.
Proposed Re-development plans published, included turning the pitches around creating 3 pitches, also a new clubhouse.
Stalwart and sponsor of many years “John Graham Smith” (of Mr Smiths Nightclub) died on 8 April 2005, a man who contributed so much to the club in many ways, he will be greatly missed.
2005-06
Carl Newman continued as captain, also Martin Jones continued as club coach.
This was the most momentous season for West Park, who qualified for the “National Leagues” for the first time in their history, North Three.
After finishing second in the League to Morley, they were now in the play off which was away against the formidable “Bedford Athletic”. Park won in extra time, after being behind 17-0 with just over 20 minutes to go. They forced extra time, the scores being tied at 17-17. Park eventually ran out winners 17-24.
Park also had the top try scorer in North One with “Stephen Briers”, they also had the top goal kicker and top points scorer with “Andrew Soutar”.
In the 2010-11 Season, the West Park Warriors, in their last season as a team won the Lancashire Bowl Competition. This marked a fitting send off for a side years in the making. That Warriors side provided players who to this very day comprise key personnel in all three of the Red Rocks Active sides.

</doc>
<doc id="18979666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979666" title="Albert Moritz Wolff">
Albert Moritz Wolff

Albert Moritz Wolff (15 June 1854, Berlin - 23 August 1923, Lüneburg) was a German sculptor and medallion-designer.

</doc>
<doc id="18979678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979678" title="Death in the Andes">
Death in the Andes

Death in the Andes ("Lituma en los Andes") is a 1993 novel by the Nobel Prize-winning Peruvian author Mario Vargas Llosa. It follows the character Lituma, from "Who Killed Palomino Molero?", after being transferred to the rural town of Naccos.
Plot.
Corporal Lituma has been transferred as punishment, to the tiny Andean community of Naccos, where almost everyone besides him, his adjunct Tomás Carreño, and the vaguely threatening owners of the local bar are there as builders. Three men from the village disappear, and Lituma has to investigate, alongside his heartbroken young adjunct, the only other local policeman. Was it the "terrucos" of the Maoist Shining Path or something even more terrible that caused these vanishings?
Themes.
This novel examines the tactics and motivations of the Maoists, but situates their violence in the context of an older world where life is brutal and in a society which is on the very fringe of the modern world.
A lot of magic realism is employed, with a great deal of references to old, "indian" spirituality, and to Pishtacos, vampires of Andean folklore.

</doc>
<doc id="18979697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979697" title="Vamvakofyto">
Vamvakofyto

Vamvakofyto (, ) is a village in the municipal unit Sidirokastro, in the northern part of Serres regional unit, Greece.
Its altitude is 120 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="18979730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979730" title="Ludwig von Herterich">
Ludwig von Herterich

Ludwig von Herterich (13 October 1856, Ansbach - 25 December 1932, Etzenhausen, today in Dachau) was a German painter and art teacher. He is best known as a painter of portraits and history paintings and is a representative of the Munich School.
Life.
He was the son of a sculptor and art restorer, Franz Herterich, and the younger brother of painter Johann Caspar Herterich. He taught at the Kunstschule Stuttgart and then from 1898 as a professor at the Academy of Fine Arts Munich. His pupils included Richard Blume, Karl Caspar, Maria Caspar-Filser, Leo Delitz, Adolf Erbslöh, David Karfunkle, Käthe Kollwitz, Hermann Mühlen, Walter Püttner, Julius Seyler and Maria Slavona. For his services to art, he was awarded the Order of Maximilian in 1908 and made a life peer.
Herterich was heavily involved along with others in producing the pictorial art for "Schloss Wolfsbrunn" in the Ore Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="18979732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979732" title="Oguni">
Oguni

Oguni may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18979738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979738" title="Dr. Belisario Domínguez Municipality">
Dr. Belisario Domínguez Municipality

Dr. Belisario Domínguez is a one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at San Lorenzo. The municipality covers an area of 7,877 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 1453.
It acquired its present name in 1935 in honour of Belisario Domínguez, a senator for Chiapas murdered during the Mexican Revolution.
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 23 localities. 

</doc>
<doc id="18979741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979741" title="Aleksandra Fedoriva">
Aleksandra Fedoriva

Aleksandra Andreyevna Fedoriva () (born 13 September 1988 in Moscow) is a Russian track and field athlete who competes mainly in sprinting events.
Fedoriva began her career as a hurdles specialist. She was a semi-finalist in the 100 metres hurdles at the 2005 World Youth Championships in Athletics, took fourth at the 2006 World Junior Championships in Athletics, then won the gold medal in the event at the 2007 European Athletics Junior Championships the following year. In 2007 she ran a Russian junior record in the 60 metres hurdles, completing the distance in 8.22 seconds. This mark stood for five years.
Fedoriva represented Russia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing competing at the 4x100 metres relay, together with Yuliya Chermoshanskaya, Yulia Gushchina and Yevgeniya Polyakova. In their first round heat they placed second behind Jamaica with a time of 42.87 seconds (the second fastest time in qualifying). In the final they finished in 42.31 seconds, taking first place and the gold medal, while the Jamaicans failed to finish due to a bad baton exchange. The 2009 European Athletics U23 Championships saw Fedoriva move into longer distances as she won the women's 200 metres title.
Fedoriva was a semi-finalist in the 60 m hurdles at the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships, but found greater success over longer sprint distances in the outdoor season: she was a bronze medallist in the 200 m at the 2010 European Athletics Championships and took the gold medal for Europe in that event at the 2010 IAAF Continental Cup. The following year she took bronze over 100 metres at the 2011 European Team Championships and reached the semi-finals over that distance at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics. She anchored the women's relay team to fifth place at that competition.
She made her indoor debut over 400 metres at the 2012 Russian Championships and won the hotly contested final in a time of 51.18 seconds.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Fedoriva came in third in the 200m semifinal, meaning that she could not advance to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18979742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979742" title="Kanamori clan">
Kanamori clan

History.
One of Toki Sadayori was also known as Ōhata Sadayori. After one of his son's moved to the village of Kanamori in nearby Ōmi Province, his son changed the clan name to Kanamori.

</doc>
<doc id="18979743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979743" title="Yuliya Chermoshanskaya">
Yuliya Chermoshanskaya

Yuliya Igorevna Chermoshanskaya (; born 6 January 1986 in Bryansk) is a Russian track and field athlete and daughter of Galina Malchugina.
Chermoshanskaya represented Russia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing competing at the 4x100 metres relay, together with Aleksandra Fedoriva, Yulia Gushchina and Yevgeniya Polyakova. In their first round heat they placed second behind Jamaica, but in front of Germany and China. Their time of 42.87 seconds was also the second time overall out of sixteen participating nations. With this result they qualified for the final in which they sprinted to 42.31 seconds, the first place and the gold medal. Belgium and Nigeria took the other medals. The Jamaican team did not finish due to a mistake in the baton exchange.
Chermoshanskaya participated in the 2010 European Championships in Athletics in the 4 x 100 m relay and the 200 metres. In the relay final, along with Yuna Mekhti-Zade, Aleksandra Fedoriva and Yulia Gushchina, they finished fourth behind Ukraine, France and Poland. In the 200 metre competition, she won her heat in a time of 23.10 secs, which was good enough to advance. In her semifinal, she finished second in an improved time of 22.88, behind Ukrainian, Yelizaveta Bryzhina. She then went into the final as the overall, fifth fastest athlete. In the final, she ran a seasonal best of 22.67 which finished her in seventh place, and last of the actual race finishes as Véronique Mang was disqualified for a false start. Her Russian compatriots, Aleksandra Fedoriva and Anastasia Kapachinskaya finished third and fourth respectively. Myriam Soumaré of France won the race in a European-leading time of 22.32.

</doc>
<doc id="18979750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979750" title="Oldfield River">
Oldfield River

The Oldfield River is an ephemeral river in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia that rises inland from the South Coast at the edge of the Yilgarn plateau. The river starts at above sea level then flows in a south easterly direction crossing the South Coast Highway near Munglinup.
The river gently undulates through sandstone forming gentle valleys with many granite outcrops, the river then carves deeper valleys through the siltstone before entering the coastal plain. 
The river is then joined by its tributary, the Munglinup River, before flowing into the Oldfield estuary which discharges into the Southern Ocean.
The only other tributary of the Oldfield River is Coujinup Creek.
The river is regarded as saline with high nutrient levels, moderate sedimentation, moderate fringing vegetation and has a low flood risk.
Named as Oldfield river by the settler Michael Simon Dempster in a letter written in 1866, the river is thought to have been named after Augustus Frederick Oldfield a plant collector who was active around the south coast of Western Australia. The river was most likely named by Albert Young Hassell of Jerramungup who explored the area in 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="18979754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979754" title="Midlands 5 West (North)">
Midlands 5 West (North)

English Rugby Union Midland Division – Midlands 5 West (North) is a level 10 English Rugby Union League.
Midlands 5 West (North) is made up of teams from around the East Midlands of England who play home and away matches throughout a winter season. As with many low level they are often subject to re-structure
Promoted teams move up to Midlands 4 West (North).

</doc>
<doc id="18979757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979757" title="Movement for Democratic Change (prior to 2005)">
Movement for Democratic Change (prior to 2005)

Prior to its split in 2005, the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) was a Zimbabwean political party organised under the leadership of Morgan Tsvangirai. The MDC was formed in 1999 as an opposition party to President Robert Mugabe's Zimbabwe African National Union - Patriotic Front (Zanu-PF). The MDC was made up of many civic groups who campaigned for the "No" vote in the 2000 constitutional referendum, which would limit a president's service to two terms, before the introduction of a Prime Minister, as well as giving legal immunities to the State. However, as it was the term limit was not retroactive, Mugabe could still have maintained the presidency for two more terms. The most controversial part of the constitution was the land reform policies. It stated that, as in the Lancaster House Agreement, Britain would fund land reform from white settlers to landless black peasants. If Britain failed to compensate the farmers, the government would take the farms, without compensation. The party split over whether to contest the 2005 senate election, into the Movement for Democratic Change - Tsvangirai (MDC-T), the larger party still led by Morgan Tsvangirai, and the Movement for Democratic Change – Ncube, a smaller faction then led by Arthur Mutambara and currently led by Welshman Ncube.
History.
Origins and rise.
The MDC began after the People's Working Convention in February 1999. In February 2000, Zimbabwe African National Union – Patriotic Front (ZANU-PF), led by Robert Mugabe organized a constitutional referendum. The proposed change would have limited future presidents to two terms, but as it was not retroactive, Mugabe could have stood for another two terms. It would also have made his government and military officials immune from prosecution for any illegal acts committed while in office. Additionally, it legalized the confiscation of land owned by white people for redistribution to black farmers without compensation. The MDC led opposition to the referendum, in which the government was ultimately defeated, after a low 20% turnout, by a strong urban vote fueled by an effective SMS campaign. Mugabe declared that he would "abide by the will of the people". The vote was a surprise to ZANU-PF, and an embarrassment before parliamentary elections due in mid-April. This success fueled the rise of the MDC. 
In the 2000 parliamentary elections, the MDC won 57 of the 120 seats up for election. This marked the first time that an opposition party had achieved more than a handful of seats since the merger of ZANU and ZAPU in 1988. The MDC dominated in most urban centres and Matabeleland. MDC won all seats in the two biggest cities, Harare and Bulawayo and lost only two in Matabeleland. This election was viewed by international observers from the Commonwealth of Nations and Norwegian and South African parliamentary delegations declared the election not being free and fair. The MDC claimed the elections were rigged, citing state-sponsored violence and some voter results figures that were unaccounted for. They took the matter to court. Some missions from Mugabe's allies such as the Southern African Development Community (SADC) observers and the South African Ministerial Observer team held that the election was substantially free and fair.
In 2004, opposition offices in Bulawayo were raided by police officers, armed with search warrants, looking for illegal documents and weapons.
Growing tensions.
During Morgan Tsvangirai's treason trial, pressure built up within the party due to the possibility that Tsvangirai would be imprisoned. There were allegedly rumors of a faction desiring an Ndebele president, Secretary General Welshman Ncube (now Secretary General of the Mutambara led Movement for Democratic Change) to replace Tsvangirai, as well as rumors of tribal prejudice on the other side. David Coltart however, claimed that people who believed this "are being deliberately mischievous or simply do not understand basic political reality in Zimbabwe" There were still however, some within the party who felt that Ncube was plotting to create a new party. There were several reports of violence at the party headquarters by youth members, including the beatings of several party members. There was even a Commission made to decide on whether these allegations were true, although no official decision was made as the commissioners failed to agree.
In 2005, amid tension, another report was drafted regarding the growing violence within the party. Because the 2004 commission had failed to reach a consensus and there had been no punishment given to the offenders, a new commission was set up to find cases of corruption and the origin of such violence. The report stated that most of there was a serious problem with misuse of the unemployed youth, who were not educated properly about the party ideology, for selfish and ambitious purposes, and that the party's principles were being consumed by greed, corruption and tribal discrimination and that this division in the party would have disastrous consequences, and was threatening to undermine the party. Several youths were expelled from the party but, little other action was taken. This move was criticized by the party's legal spokesman David Coltart:
"I cannot believe that the youths involved in these despicable acts acted independently. It is common cause that they were unemployed and it is equally clear that they had access to substantial funding. That money must have come from people with access to resources. The instructions to act must have come from people within the Party as no-one else would have the detailed knowledge the youths had access to. In expelling the youths and relatively low ranking members of the security team we have only dealt with the symptoms of the problem, not its root cause."
Former allies, the Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions (ZCTU) and the National Constitutional Assembly also clashed with MDC leadership. In particular, the ZCTU said that the MDC should not take up its seats in parliament, and should concentrate on extra-parliamentary affairs. They argued that rejecting the electoral process, and pointing out its flaws, while still contesting the elections was sending mixed signals to the MDC support base. However, MDC officials replied that there was a strong desire in the party to take up the seats available, in order to increase influence over electoral procedures.
In July 2005 a management committee was set up to discuss these factional issues, particularly the alleged formation of a "kitchen cabinet", made up of presidential aides, around the president which was acquiring power above those of the elected leadership. These allegations were made by four of the six members in the committee, namely the Vice President Gibson Sibanda, the Secretary General Welshman Ncube, the Deputy Secretary General Gift Chimanikire and the National Treasurer Fletcher Dulini. Morgan Tsvangirai claimed that these claims had no substance, and were down to rumour and hearsay. Party Chairman Isaac Matongo rallied behind the president, although he was the only party official to hold this belief to come from Matebeleland.
In a critique of the party structures in 2005, the MDC leadership admitted that the party had "moved away from its social democratic, all inclusive, non-tribalistic foundations." Cracks had also emerged along ethnic lines and between trade unionists and academics.
Split.
It is widely believed that the split was a reflection of problems that had been in the party for a while but manipulated by the CIO. The issue which eventually led to the splitting of the party was the decision on whether or not to participate in the 2005 Zimbabwe senatorial elections. The MDC had announced during mid-2004 that it would not participate in any further elections in Zimbabwe, until it believed a free and fair vote could take place. However on 3 February 2005, then spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi told a news conference, "It is with a heavy heart that the MDC has decided to participate in the elections ... This is a decision based primarily on the demands of our people". The MDC's top six were unable to agree on the issue, and so the debate went down to the MDC National Council on October 12. They voted 33-31 in favor of contesting the election (with two spoiled papers). However, Morgan Tsvangirai told the press that the debate was tied at 50-50, which included proxies sent by Sekai Holland and Grace Kwinjeh, alleging that these were not recognised by Ncube, giving him different inaccurate figures. Morgan Tsvangirai overruled the vote, arguing that it was no use contesting an election where the electoral field "breeds illegitimate outcomes and provides for predetermined results." He argued that the Senate of Zimbabwe was part of the 17th amendment, which the MDC had opposed in Parliament. 
"Well you have voted, and you have voted to participate, which as you know is against my own wish. In the circumstances I can no longer continue……No I cannot let you participate in this senate election when I believe that it is against the best interests of the party. I am President of this party. I am therefore going out of this and (will) announce to the world that the MDC will not participate in this election. If the party breaks so be it. I will answer to congress." 
In response to his misinformation at the press conference Gibson Sibanda, the Deputy President of the party, summoned Tsvangirai to a hearing of the National Disciplinary Committee charging that because of his actions at and after the National Council Meeting, he had willfully violated clauses 4.4 (a), 6.1.1 (a) and (d) of the MDC constitution and clause 9.2 of the Party’s Disciplinary Code of Conduct. He also stated that Tsvangirai had addressed numerous party rallies telling supporters that the MDC was not participating in the elections, that he wrote to the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission telling them to register all MDC candidates wishing to participate as independent candidates. Furthermore, that he instructed party provincial chairpersons to ignore a letter written by the Deputy Secretary General ordering the selection of candidates, and that he had instructed the party secretariat to re-employ Nhamo Musekiwa and Washington Gaga.
Another letter was written to Tsvangirai on the same day, indicating that he had been suspended from office by the National Disciplinary Committee, while he maintained the right to appeal the decision. Tsvangirai claimed in response that the pro-senate group had not carried out proper provincial consultations. He also argued against claims that he was not respecting the founding values of the MDC by saying that his position on the senate expressed the will of the people, and that he should therefore be given power to make decisions. He also striked out against the supporters of participation, saying that they were planning a new "Unity Accord" and betraying the people of Matebeleland like Joshua Nkomo in the 1990s, and accused the Ncube faction of trying to get rid of him so that the new MDC could become puppets of Robert Mugabe.
"Even if I am left alone, I will not betray the contract I made with the people. The issue that is there is not about the senate only. It is about whether you want to confront Mugabe or you want to compromise with Mugabe. Some of us are now working towards a new unity accord. We are saying ‘no’ to unity accord number two. With us there is no unity accord...we will not do what Nkomo did."
Tsvangirai expelled supporters of the Senate from his party, and sought to nullify the charges and proceedings instituted against him by Gibson Sibanda by convening another National Council. The majority of major civic groups continued to support Tsvangirai, calling the Ncube faction traitors and rebels, including the National Constitutional Assembly - a coalition of pro-democracy civil society groups, which said the election was conceived only as the result of an undemocratic constitutional change. Tsvangirai believed that there was little point in participating in elections in the current political situation in Zimbabwe, as the results, according to him, were certain to be rigged. Welshman Ncube however, declared that the only way of beating Zanu-PF was through elections, and there was no point in boycotting the elections just because of allegations that they were not free and fair.
Discussions in February 2006 confirmed the existence of what Ncube called a "mafia kitchen cabinet", a growth in youth violence, conflict and competition for the office of president and the resulting lack of implementation of party policies. Tsvangirai also considered South African President Thabo Mbeki's mediation attempts as "destructive" and continued to deny tribal discrimination within the party. He was also irate over the Central Intelligence Organization's infiltration of the MDC and claimed that this was a deliberate attempt by Zanu-PF to divide the party. 
A compromise was proposed at the end of the first meeting, which would result in the pro-senate faction withdrawing from the election. However, the Management Committee would attempt to remove the "kitchen cabinet" and parallel structure. Thirdly, public recriminations would have to stop while the leadership drew up a program to help the party move forward. The compromise was however, refuted by both sides, with Tsvangirai unable to make a commitment on the subject of his aides, and the pro-senate faction unable to agree not to contest the Senate election at the second mediation meeting.
After the Senate elections, the MDC split into two groups: one led by Morgan Tsvangirai, and another by his deputy Gibson Sibanda with the support of Welshman Ncube, Gift Chimanikire and spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi. The pro-Senate group had one more member in the House of Assembly at the time of the split, however senior members of the pro-Senate faction subsequently defected to MDC-T led by Tsvangirai including its Chairman Gift Chimanikire, Blessing Chebundo, the Member of Parliament for Kwekwe, the Environmental Secretary and Binga Member of Parliament Joel Gabuza, and Senate Candidate for Tsholotsho Sam Sipepa Nkomo. Although the pro-senate faction had the bulk of its support in Matabeleland, the party chose the Shona academic Arthur Mutambara to lead their party.
Central Intelligence Organisation infiltration attempt.
The Central Intelligence Organisation (CIO) failed for a while in dividing the party by using a white officer from the old Rhodesian Army, Col Lionel Dyck, to make different and secret proposals to Mr. Tsvangirai and Prof. Welshman Ncube. Dyck, a close business associate of Mnangagwa, had formed a company called MineTech which gained lucrative mine-clearing contracts from the Zimbabwe government via Mnanagagwa. MineTech has now relocated to Wiltshire in England and has linked up with the British company Exploration Logistics [http://www.exlogs.com which is headed by Alastair Morrison OBE,MC. Morrison, was a former 2 i/c of 22 SAS, has very close links with British Intelligence. It would appear that Mnangagwa, who worked for the American NSA (Mr. Phillip) while on the DARE, has now transferred his allegiance. Mnangagwa has substantial property investments in England through front companies.

</doc>
<doc id="18979760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979760" title="El Tule Municipality">
El Tule Municipality

El Tule is a town, and one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is the town of El Tule. The municipality covers an area of 409.4 km². The municipal seat is El Tule, Chihuahua.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 1,818. 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 31 localities. 

</doc>
<doc id="18979778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979778" title="Panzer Division Clausewitz">
Panzer Division Clausewitz

Panzer-Division "Clausewitz" was a German panzer division during World War II, named for Carl von Clausewitz.
It was formed in central Germany area at the beginning of April 1945 under the command of Generalleutnant Martin Unrein, from the 233rd Panzergrenadier Division and also drawing Panzergrenadier troops from the 233rd Reserve Panzer Division and vehicles from the Panzer training school at Putlos. Other elements came from the reserve brigade of the "Großdeutschland" division, the remnants of the "Holstein" panzer division, the Panzerkorps "Feldherrnhalle", and units drawn from Army Group Blumentritt.
The general quality of the men was high, as most of the infantry were front-line veterans who had been posted to reserve divisions after recovering from injuries, and the tank crews were mostly composed of instructors. However, they were heavily deficient in equipment - overall, only around 20% of the assigned vehicles were available. The equipment they possessed was often outdated - several of their tanks were Panzer IIIs or Panzer IVs - and in a bad state of repair. Individual units were equipped with a variety of vehicles, making maintenance difficult, and ammunition was in short supply. There were no artillery pieces, very little signals equipment, and no supply troops.
It first saw action in the northern front, fighting British armoured units from the 10th to the 12th, before being assigned to the XXXIX Corps. The XXXIX Corps was ordered to push south to cut the supply lines of the leading American divisions, which had now reached as far as the Elbe river, and attempt to link up with the 11th SS Panzer Army, which was fighting in the Harz mountains. Most of the strength of the division was expended in this push, and by the 20th it had split into small disorganised groups. On the 24th, the divisional commander was captured by American troops.

</doc>
<doc id="18979795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979795" title="Shirkieville, Indiana">
Shirkieville, Indiana

Shirkieville is an unincorporated community in Fayette Township, Vigo County, Indiana. The community is part of the Terre Haute Metropolitan Statistical Area. Former state governor and U.S. Senator Evan Bayh was born here.
Geography.
Shirkieville is located at .

</doc>
<doc id="18979814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979814" title="Jean-Pierre La Placa">
Jean-Pierre La Placa

Jean-Pierre La Placa (born 15 June 1973 in Geneva) is a Swiss former footballer played for a number of clubs in Switzerland and Belgium throughout the 1990s and 2000s.
Career.
La Placa started his professional career at Lausanne Sports in 1990 and played over 100 games for the club before joining FC Sion in 1995. He spent just one season at Sion and signed for FC Basel in 1996, before heading to France's FC Toulouse in 1998. He played just one game at Toulouse and returned to Switzerland, later that year, with FC Aarau. In 2000 he signed for Belgian side R.A.E.C. Mons, where he spent the most prolific four years of his career. In 2004, he had an unsuccessful spell at K.V. Red Star Waasland, but he returned to Mons shortly after. His second spell at Mons was much shorter, as he spent only a year at the club this time, mostly on the bench. In 2005, he signed for Finns AC Allianssi but didn't see much first-team football there, either. The club folded after a match-fixing scandal involving Chinese-Belgian businessman Zheyun Ye, and R. Francs Borains acquired his services in 2006, before he headed to RACS Couillet in 2007, and then URS Centre in Summer 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18979815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979815" title="Dongducheon Rock Festival">
Dongducheon Rock Festival

Dongducheon Rock Festival is a rock festival, which is held annually in Dongducheon, South Korea in late summer since 1999. The motto of the festival includes hope and wish for peaceful reunion of south and north Korea. It is considered as one of major music festivals in South Korea.
1999.
The line-up included Cul-de-sac, Dr.Core 911, Rust Eye, Black Syndrome, Harlequin, Blackhole, Do Won Kyoung, Sinchon Blues, Love And Peace, Boohwal, Sinawe and Yoon Do Hyun
2000.
The festival was not held
2001.
The line-up included Megadeth, BUCK-TICK, Cul-de-sac, Shin Joong Hyun, Yoon Do Hyun, Do Won Kyoung, Kim Kyung Ho, Lee Eun Mi, Crash, Crying Nut, Sinawe, Blackhole, Gigs, Black Syndrome, 3rd Line Butterfly, Rainysun, Bulldog Mansion, Diablo, No Brain, Pia, Jeremy, Frida Kahlo and Lazybone
2002.
The line-up included Peterpan Complex, Siberian Husky, Naked, Samcheong, Jihad, Johnny Royal, Sister's Barbershop, Vassline, Blackhole, No Brain, Grand Slam, Lazybone, Gaia, Lorelei, Jeremy, Black Syndrome, Do Won Kyoung, Crying Nut and Jun In Kwon
2003.
The line-up included DOA, Black Hole, Do Won Kyoung, Cinnamon, Crash, Jeremy, Black Syndrome, Lolita No.18, Sister's Barbershop, No Brain, Transfixion, Sinawe, Schizo, Gaia, Hammer and Niflheim
2004.
The line-up included Oh! Brothers, The Metal Asia, Jeremy, Black Hole, Oathean, Wiretrap In My Ear, No Brain, Black Syndrome, Do Won Kyoung and N.EX.T
2005.
The line-up included Vanila Unity, Crow, Sangsang Band, Candy Man, Do Won Kyoung, Boohwal and Kim Jong Seo
2006.
The line-up included Emoticon, Super Kidd, Island City, Oh! Brothers, Vanila Unity, Vassline, Schizo, Transfixion, Do Won Kyoung, No Brain and YB
2007.
The line-up included Wiretrap In My Ear, Pia, Kim Kyung Ho, N.EX.T, Love And Peace, Mir, Dr.Core 911, Oathen, Crow, Diablo, Schizo, Bloody Cookie, Do Won Kyoung, Emoticon, Mad Fret, No.1 Korean and Peterpan Complex, Eve, Vassline, Transfixion
2008.
The line-up included Anthrax (American band), Baekdusan, Crash, Moon Hee Jun, Wiretrap In My Ear, Kim Jong Seo, In Sooni, N.EX.T, Survive, Diablo, Crow, Vassline, Oathean, Galaxy Express, Mad Fret, Kim Jong Seo, Cherry Filter, Schizo, Transfixion, Dr.Core 911, Crying Nut, 404 Not Found, Vanila Unity, Boohwal, Do Won Kyoung, Kang San Ae, Maya (Korean singer), No.1 Korea and Super Kidd
2010.
The 12th edition of the festival was held at the Soyosan Tourist Resort in Donducheon from August 14 through 15, 2010. The lineup included Killer Cuts, Morning of July, Geonadeul Locust, Yi Chihyeon and Friends, Yi Hyeonseok Band, Kim Mokkyung Band, Baekdusan Band, Love and Peace, Jongseo Kim, and Spring Summer Autumn and Winter (SSAW) for the first day (14th), and Vanilla City, Crow, Crying Nut, Transfiction, Diablo, Kim Soochul Bank, Balckhole, Pia, NEXT, and YB for the second day (15th).

</doc>
<doc id="18979817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979817" title="Stamfordham">
Stamfordham

Stamfordham may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18979829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979829" title="Nielsen &amp; Winther Type AA">
Nielsen &amp; Winther Type AA

__NOTOC__
The Nielsen & Winther Type AA, also known as the Type Aa, was a Danish fighter aircraft of the 1910s.
Development.
The first Danish fighter aircraft to be conceived and built, the singe seat Type AA was of wooden construction and powered by a 90 hp Thulin rotary engine. It was armed with two guns.
Operational history.
The first flight took place on 21 January 1917. The plane was tested again in 1918, this time with synchronising gear for its single Madsen machine gun. During 1917 six Type AA aircraft were delivered to the Danish Army, though they saw little service and were retired in 1919 owing to engine unreliability.

</doc>
<doc id="18979830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979830" title="Agnes Osazuwa">
Agnes Osazuwa

Agnes Osazuwa (born June 26, 1989 in Benin City, Edo) is a female track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Nigeria.
Osazuwa represented Nigeria at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing competing at the 4x100 metres relay together with Gloria Kemasuode, Oludamola Osayomi and Ene Franca Idoko she also took part in the 4x100 metres relay. In their first round heat they placed fourth behind Belgium, Great Britain and Brazil. Their time of 43.43 seconds was the best non-directly qualifying time and the sixth time overall out of sixteen participating nations. With this result they qualified for the final in which they replaced Osazuwa with Halimat Ismaila. They sprinted to a time of 43.04 seconds, a third place and a bronze medal behind Russia and Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="18979838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979838" title="Osato">
Osato

Osato is a Japanese word and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18979840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979840" title="Ralf Stemmann">
Ralf Stemmann

Ralf Stemmann (sometimes credited as Ralph Stemmann or Ralf Stemman) is a record producer, composer, arranger, keyboards player, synthesizer programmer of German origin, who currently resides in Malibu, California. 
He started his music career in early 80s with signing to Night’n’Day Records where he collaborated with Mike Mareen. 
In mid-80s Ralf worked as a studio engineer and sound designer at Studio 33 (formerly Star Studio) with Modern Talking co-producer Luis Rodriguez.
Later he worked for the international recording artists including: Ricky Martin,
Thalía, Paulina Rubio, Marta Sánchez, Audrey Landers, Jennifer Love Hewitt, The Three Degrees, Thomas Anders, Michael Holm, Brigitte Nielsen, Engelbert Humperdinck, London Royal Philharmonic Orchestra and others. 
Ralf also composed, produced and arranged music for films, TV and videos including: several episodes of the TV crime-show "Tatort" and TV series "Rivalen der Rennbahn", themes for the PBS show "The Huggabug Club", themes for the "Buscando Estrellas" shows from 1992-1993 as well as "Supermodels of the World", International Auto-Show Detroit and other. He worked on the scores for the animated TV series "History of Mexico" and for the movies "The Pearl" and "The Ring Of The Musketeers".

</doc>
<doc id="18979849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979849" title="Viva (Canadian magazine)">
Viva (Canadian magazine)

Launched in November 2004, Viva magazine is Canada's only natural health celebrity magazine and the original balanced living publication.
Viva was founded by Olivier Felicio, 
is published six times per year and circulates within Canada throughout Loblaws, health food stores, pharmacies and salons.
Some of Viva's main advertisers include Webber Naturals, Jamieson Laboratories, Genuine Health, Blue Diamond Growers, Advantage Health, Platinum Naturals, PVL Nutrients, Quest, Holista Health, Nature's Gate, Bio-K Plus, and Just Juice.
Viva Magazine is a free publication under the Rive Gauche Media Publishing umbrella. The offices of Rive Gauche Media are located in Toronto & Montreal, Canada.
Celebrities who have appeared on the cover of Viva Magazine include Serena Williams, Taraji P. Henson, Patricia Arquette, Maria Bello, Courteney Cox, Patricia Heaton, Marg Helgenberger, Rachel Hunter, Jennifer Love Hewitt, Alyssa Milano, Kathryn Morris, Julia Ormond, Ana Ortiz, Jaime Pressly, Vanessa Williams, Cheryl Ladd, Heidi Klum and Christina Applegate.
Health topics featured in the Magazine include fibromalgia, cancer, joint pain, menopause, allergies and celiac disease.
Beauty topics covered in the Magazine include hair removal, winter skin care, lip care, wrinkles-anti-aging, and acne treatments.

</doc>
<doc id="18979852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979852" title="Anna Lühring">
Anna Lühring

Anna Lühring (3 August 1796, in Bremen – 25 August 1866, in Hamburg) (sometimes wrongly referred to as Anna Lührmann) was a soldier in the Prussian army during the Napoleonic Wars.
Life.
The daughter of a craftsman in Bremen, she became keen to join up after Tettenborn's capture of Bremen and the death of Eleonore Prochaska whilst serving in the Prussian Army. Dressed in her brother's clothing, she left Bremen in February 1814 and joined the Lützow Free Corps under the name Eduard Kruse at Jülich. In this unit she participated in the siege of Jülich and some smaller engagements during this. Even when her true identity became known she remained in the unit until its return to Berlin, where she was honoured for her services. In February 1815 she returned to her parental home. 
In 1821, she married Karl Lucks from Altona, and in 1827 he became a citizen of Hamburg. After his death in 1832 she lived alone and poor in Horn quarter. From 1860 she received a small pension from her hometown of Bremen in return for her services. Today, Anna-Lühring-Straße and Anna-Lühring-Weg in Bremen and Anna-Lühring-Weg in Hamburg-Horn are named after her.

</doc>
<doc id="18979862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979862" title="Otari">
Otari

Otari may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18979872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979872" title="Barnet Kenyon">
Barnet Kenyon

Barnet Kenyon (1850 – 20 February 1930) was a British colliery worker, trade union official and Lib–Lab, later Liberal, politician.
Early career.
Kenyon was born at South Anston, South Yorkshire, the son of Henry Kenyon and Ann Hanson. He had no formal education, and went to work in a local stone quarry at the age of seven and a half. At 13, he walked to Conisbrough to work in the newly opened Denaby Main pit. At 16, he went to work at Darfield, where he was injured by a falling pit prop. From there, he went to Old Oaks, Barnsley, when it was reopened after the explosions which had killed 380 men. He moved frequently, working at Ashley Deep, Dukinfield; Ince Colliery, Wigan; and Kiveton Park. From 1876 to 1906 he worked at the Shireoaks Company’s Southgate Pit from 1880 as check-weighman, a representative elected by coal miners to check the findings of the mine owner's weighman where miners are paid by the weight of coal mined.
Private life.
In 1878, he married Elizabeth Ramsden. They had no children but fostered the four children of his brother George, whose wife, Kezia (née Parker), had died in childbirth. He adopted a son, Ernest, and brought up three other children. In religion, Kenyon was a strict non-conformist, a Primitive Methodist and lay preacher in Chesterfield and in the nearby village of Clowne.
Miners' Federation official.
Kenyon was clearly a popular figure with his fellow coal miners. He helped to found the Derbyshire Miners Association in 1880, and from 1896 until 1906 he was President of the Derbyshire Miners' Federation. He was afterwards sssistant secretary, a paid position, and by January 1912 he had become the Federation's Secretary. During unrest in the coal field during that month, he called publicly for any industrial action the miners might take to be directed towards the coal owners, who, according to Kenyon, were making fabulous profits, and not towards the public or other industries, who would resent indiscriminate strike action. By July 1913 Kenyon was Treasurer of the Federation.
Politics.
The best description of Kenyon's politics is Lib–Lab. There had always been close ties between the Liberal Party and organised labour and much overlap between them in terms of beliefs, political thought and personnel. In the late 19th and early 20th century many candidates were described as Lib–Labs but it was hard for working men to get adopted as Liberal candidates by Liberal Associations dominated by middle-class and professional men and this was a principal reason for the founding in 1900 of the Labour Representation Committee, the organisation which later became the Labour Party.
Chesterfield by-election, 1913.
In 1913 Kenyon was selected by the Derbyshire Miners to succeed James Haslam, the Labour MP for Chesterfield since 1906, who had died on 31 July 1913. Once selected for the by-election in Chesterfield, Kenyon agreed to be adopted also by the local Liberal Association, and the question of his party description and affiliation became a divisive issue in the Chesterfield constituency, the Derbyshire Miners' Federation and nationally.
The controversy over Kenyon’s party affiliation spilled over into the contest, but in the event he won easily, topping the poll with a majority of 2,186 over the Unionist candidate, Edward Christie, while the socialist, John Scurr, received only 583 votes.
The result was much better than Kenyon or other commentators had expected, and, despite all the furore his candidacy had created, Kenyon seemed to have been able to appeal to all elements of progressive opinion in the constituency.
Political career.
On 25 November 1918 "The Times" noted that Barnet Kenyon had again been selected to fight Chesterfield in the forthcoming 1918 general election, describing him as the Labour candidate. As it happened, Kenyon had no competition and was returned unopposed, his party affiliation being shown as Liberal; he is on the list of historian Roy Douglas as an official Liberal in receipt of the ‘Coupon'. It is also known that his nomination papers included the signatures of some local Unionist officials and later press reports described him as a Coalition Liberal. Despite this, Kenyon lent his support to uncouponed candidates elsewhere in Derbyshire, perhaps still hedging his party political bets in anticipation of future election contests. It served him well for the 1922 general election, as he was again returned unopposed. However, at the 1923 election, Kenyon faced Labour and Conservative opponents, but held off the challenge with a comfortable majority of nearly 6,000 votes.
At the general election of 1924 he faced only Labour opposition and again emerged as the clear winner, with a majority of 4,765 votes
Illness was the reason Kenyon gave for not contesting the 1929 general election, but advancing age must also have been factor; he was now 76.
In addition to being a Member of Parliament, Kenyon was a member of the Chesterfield Board of Guardians, the Old Age Pension Committee and the Derbyshire Insurance Committee. He was appointed a Trustee of the King's Fund for the Disabled. He also served as a Justice of the Peace for the County of Derby and was a Member of the Lord Lieutenant’s Committee for the Appointment of Magistrates. He died in Chesterfield.

</doc>
<doc id="18979882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979882" title="Battle of Kismayo (2008)">
Battle of Kismayo (2008)

The Battle of Kismayo began on August 20, 2008 when Islamist al-Shabaab and Islamic Courts Union (ICU) fighters began an offensive to conquer the Southern Somali port of Kismayo from pro-government militias. Three days of fighting reportedly killed 89 people and injured 207 more. Al-Shabaab took the town on August 22.
Background.
Al-Shabab, fighting as part of the Islamic Courts Union, was driven out of Kismayo in January 2007 after Ethiopian forces rolled into Somalia to back the interim government in the fight to take control of much of central and southern Somalia. According to Interim Somali President Abdullahi Yusuf, Kismayo was subsequently not under the Ethiopian-backed transitional government's control, and there were no Ethiopian forces in the area at the time of the battle; clan militias in Kismayo claimed to be part of the government, however. In the months prior to the battle, Kismayo was considered peaceful in comparison to Mogadishu, the capital.
Fighting.
Marehan clan militias, led by warlord-turned-parliamentarian Barre Hirale, suffered heavy losses, and Hirale's personal car was reportedly seized by Islamist fighters. According to witnesses, August 22 saw the most intense fighting, with both sides using a lot of heavy guns including anti-aircraft guns.
Aftermath.
The fighting in Kismayo is reported to have displaced an estimated 35,000 people. After the withdrawal of Hiiraale's fighters, Al-Shabaab commenced a peaceful disarmament process targeting local armed groups that had been contributing to insecurity in Kismayo. In early September a night-time curfew was imposed.
A new district administration was established on 6 September 2008. Its members reportedly represented the ICU and Al-Shabaab (three members each) plus a local clan (one member) which had played a part in the military assault. The legitimacy of the administration was later disputed, however, as the ICU and elders from local clans alleged that Al-Shabaab had not consulted them adequately.
On 28 September 2012, the Somali National Army assisted by AMISOM troops and Raskamboni militia re-captured the city from the Al-Shabaab insurgents during the Battle of Kismayo (2012).

</doc>
<doc id="18979903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979903" title="Pulsnitz">
Pulsnitz

Pulsnitz (Sorbian: "Połčnica") is a town in the district of Bautzen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 11 km southwest of Kamenz, and 24 km northeast of the centre of Dresden. 
Pulsnitz became famous for its Pfefferkuchen, a type of Lebkuchen, when in 1558 the bakers of Pulsnitz received permission to bake them. Today there are still eight "Pfefferküchlereien" bakeries. In 1745 the "Pfefferküchler" Tobias Thomas was known to be practising his craft in Pulsnitz as well as in Thorn in Prussia, where the famous Thorner Kathrinchen were made. Pulsnitz is informally known as "Pfefferkuchenstadt" meaning "Gingerbread Town".
The first Protestant missionary to arrive in India, Bartholomäus Ziegenbalg was born in Pulsnitz on July 10, 1682.

</doc>
<doc id="18979910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979910" title="3rd Louisiana Regiment Native Guard Infantry">
3rd Louisiana Regiment Native Guard Infantry

The 3rd Louisiana Regiment Native Guard Infantry was a regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Port Hudson.
The unit was organized at New Orleans, Louisiana, November 24, 1862 and remained there until May 1863. Between May and July, the regiment was involved in the Siege of Port Hudson.
"Corps d'Afrique".
The designation was changed to "3rd Regiment, Corps d'Afrique" June 6 at Port Hudson. The Confederate garrison at Port Hudson surrendered on July 9, five days after the fall of Vicksburg farther up the Mississippi River.
United States Colored Troops.
The unit designation was changed once again to the 75th United States Colored Troops on April 4, 1864. The 75th participated in the Red River Campaign with engagements at the Battle of Mansura on May 16 and the Battle of Yellow Bayou on May 18.
The regiment remained on duty in southern Louisiana for the remainder of the war and mustered out November 25, 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="18979916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979916" title="Gorica, Radovljica">
Gorica, Radovljica

Gorica () is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18979930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979930" title="Philip Jenkinson">
Philip Jenkinson

Philip Jenkinson (17 August 1935 – 11 March 2012) was a British cinema specialist, journalist, BBC television presenter and film collector. His collection was known as Filmfinders.
Early life.
Jenkinson was born in Sale. When he was a child he won a holiday talent contest by performing George Formby imitations at a Butlins holiday camp. A talent scout noticed him and arranged an audition with BBC Children's Hour. That incident led to much radio work from Leeds. His parents were not interested at all. The money he earned he spent on elocution lessons to get rid of his Manchester accent. In those days no successful actor would have a regional accent.
He was a very asthmatic child and consequently missed a lot of school, so the milkman gave his mother a 9.5mm projector to keep him amused, and by that means he started watching films. His mother used to give him money to go swimming to build up his strength, but he used to spend it on going to the cinema instead. His mother disapproved because she thought this was a means of picking up germs, but he would put his swimming trunks under the tap before returning home so that his mother would not discover what he had been doing.
When he left school he started work as a projectionist, then worked in the theatre, in stage management mainly and acting. At one theatre he met the set designer Sally Jay, later his wife. The couple decided to move to London where gained work with the distributors Contemporary Films.
Career.
Philip Jenkinson said in an interview in 2003: "One day when I was giving a lecture at St Martin’s School of Art, a BBC producer, Mike Appleton, was waiting at the back to pick up his girlfriend and he caught the last 10 minutes. He came over and said it was very interesting. ‘I am a producer of a programme called "Late Night Line-Up". Would you like to come along and do something similar on the programme?’ They liked it and asked me to come back next week and do another one. I initially signed a contract for six months, which grew and grew. I ended up staying with "Late Night Line Up" for five years. The talk and emphasis was always about old movies. "Film Night" came out of "Late Night Line Up". It started with me and Tony Bilbow. Tony reviewed the new films whilst I related the new films to ones that were made earlier, linking them with either a director or a star or the style; something they had in common."
During the 1970s, Jenkinson also contributed a weekly column for the television listings magazine "Radio Times" and edited films for music show the "Old Grey Whistle Test". He was frantically busy during that period. He received up to 50 letters a week asking him to show certain film clips and was satirised by "Monty Python" in their sketch "Sam Peckinpah's "Salad Days"". During the sketch, a series of superimposed captions read, "Philip Jenkinson again," "Get on with it," "And stop sniffing," and "Will you stop sniffing." At the end, a caption reading "Tee hee" is displayed as he is machine-gunned to death.
In 1971 he started a series of 13 week lectures at London’s National Film Theatre on the history of the musical. At this time Jenkinson started building up Filmfinders, as a stock shot library as opposed to being a personal collection. He acquired many Mack Sennett and Laurel and Hardy films from other collectors. It was a group which included Leslie Halliwell (who wrote "The Filmgoers' Companion"), author William K. Everson, Kevin Brownlow (authority on silent cinema), John Huntley (then at the British Film Institute) and a couple of friends in Hollywood. Bilbow and Jenkinson were dropped in 1975 by the BBC, who had been lobbied by the film industry for a less critical approach. 
Jenkinson appeared as a guest on the Morecambe and Wise Christmas Show in 1977.
Personal life.
His wife Sally Jay, the sister of Sir Antony Jay, pre-deceased him. The couple had two sons, Lee William Jenkinson, who played bass guitar for Soft Cell singer Marc Almond, and Ben Jenkinson who is autistic. His granddaughter, Ruby Angelina Sarah Campbell, studies design.

</doc>
<doc id="18979952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18979952" title="Cora Urquhart Brown-Potter">
Cora Urquhart Brown-Potter

Cora Urquhart Brown-Potter (May 15, 1857 – February 12, 1936), was one of the first American society women to become a stage actress.
Biography.
Mary Cora Urquhart was born in 1857 at New Orleans the eldest of three daughters and a son raised by David and Augusta (née Slocomb) Urquhart. Her father was a merchant and her mother the daughter of a hardware merchant.
She married financier James Brown Potter of Brown Bros. & Co. the son of Howard Cranston Potter in 1877 in New Orleans and they had a daughter, Anne, in 1879.
They visited England in 1886 where they met the Prince of Wales and were subsequently invited to spend the weekend with him. James returned to the United States alone following the visit as Mary remained in England to pursue a career on stage. She made her stage debut in 1877 at the Theatre Royal in Brighton in the play "Civil War". Later that year she started a successful partnership with Harold Kyrle Bellew at the Fifth Avenue Theatre in the New York production of "Civil War".
She and Harold toured the world and starred together for the next ten years.
She divorced Potter on June 4, 1900. Her ex-husband would remarry in 1904. She continued to use her married name as her stage name. Her last appearance on the London stage was in 1912. She made a further stage appearance in 1919 for a benefit production in Guernsey.
In addition to her stage career she helped to raise money for war charities during the Second Boer War.
She died on February 12, 1936 at her villa in Beaulieu-sur-Mer not far from Monaco along the French Riviera. Shortly before her death Cora Urquhart Brown-Potter chose to become a French citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="18980010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980010" title="Angolan white-throated monitor">
Angolan white-throated monitor

The Angolan white-throated monitor ("Varanus albigularis angolensis") is a lizard found in and around Angola. It is usually gray-brown with yellowish or white markings, and can reach up to 1.5 m in length. It is one of the three subspecies of "Varanus albigularis".
Taxonomy.
The generic name "Varanus" is derived from the Arabic word "waral" ورل, which is translated to English as "monitor". Their specific name comes from a compound of two Latin words: "albus" meaning "white" and "gula" meaning "throat". The subspecific name is a Latinized form of the country in which they are found: Angola.
Distribution.
Its range is through Angola, Namibia, Zambia, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and Coruche.

</doc>
<doc id="18980020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980020" title="Daniel McBride">
Daniel McBride

Daniel or Danny McBride may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18980027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980027" title="List of lakes of India">
List of lakes of India

List of lakes in India is a list of the notable lakes in India.
Himachal Pradesh.
Chestnut trail
West Bengal.
Unclassified :-

</doc>
<doc id="18980036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980036" title="Elvin Mammadov">
Elvin Mammadov

Elvin Mammadov (; born on 18 July 1988) is an Azerbaijani footballer (attacking midfielder) playing currently for FC Baku and Azerbaijan's national football team. He made his national debut on August 20, 2008.
Honours.
Inter Baku

</doc>
<doc id="18980039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980039" title="The M's">
The M's

The M's is an American indie rock band from Chicago.
History.
The M's were formed in 2000 by Josh Chicoine, Joey King, Steve Versaw and Robert Hicks. Chicoine, King and Versaw met in the winter of 1999 and began collaborating in a makeshift studio in Chicago's Bucktown neighborhood in which the short lived group, Sanoponic, was formed. After Sanoponic's dissolution, they began working on new material with Hicks who had the name The M's in mind for a new project. Their debut EP appeared in 2002 on Brilliante Records, followed by a full-length in 2004. They signed with Polyvinyl Record Co. for their 2006 and 2008 releases. Glenn Rischke joined the group in 2008 for the release of their last recording to date "Real Close Ones". The group decided to go into "a long hiatus" on March 6, 2009. In 2011, The M's released a digital-only EP "The Personal Touch" on Movings label, recorded collaboratively with electronic trio from Chicago TV Pow.

</doc>
<doc id="18980043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980043" title="Wendy Everson">
Wendy Everson

Wendy Everson (born 1965), is an English track racing cyclist who specializes in sprinting.
Biography.
Representing England, Everson finished fourth in the sprint at the 1994 Commonwealth Games. Everson was the 500 m national champion for two consecutive years in 1995 and 1996, at the British National Track Championships. She competed in the UCI Track Cycling World Championships in [Bogota, Colombia in 1995, achieving 9th place in the 500m time trial with a National record of 36.2secs, 1996 Manchester England, and in 1997 Perth, finishing 14th in the 500 metre time trial event. She was beaten by Félicia Ballanger in the first round of the sprint event before being beaten by Rita Razmaite in the repechage. At the national championships in 1997, Everson won the scratch race and sprint events. She successfully defended her sprint title in 1998. Everson finished third in the national Keirin championships the first time it was held for women in 2003.
Everson held the British women's flying start 500 metre record in a time of 31.116 seconds until it was broken by Victoria Pendleton in 2002. She also held the 200m flying start record with a time of 11.651 seconds, which she set in Bogota in 1995. This was broken by Denise Hampson in Moscow at the UCI Track Cycling World Cup, when she recorded a time of 11.508 seconds in the qualifying time trials. She also holds the 200 metre flying start world Masters record for the women's 30-39 age category, which she set in 2000, with a time of 12.415 seconds, and the 750 metre team sprint world Masters record of 54.031 seconds along with Suzie Tignor & Annette Hanson of the United States. 
Everson, who believed she was being discriminated against, brought an employment tribunal against British Cycling in 2001, disputing their decision not to support her financially. She lost the case on the basis that as a competitor, setting a precedent for future cases as she was not a member of British Cyclings staff. The conclusion of the tribunal is now included in UK Sports "World Class Programme" guidelines under the heading "Employment Status of Athletes".
Everson previously lived in Bridgend in the Vale of Glamorgan

</doc>
<doc id="18980048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980048" title="Insurance Company of North America Building">
Insurance Company of North America Building

Insurance Company of North America Building can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18980051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980051" title="David Temple">
David Temple

David Temple is a British conductor and musical director of Crouch End Festival Chorus which he has conducted at the Barbican Centre, Royal Festival Hall and Symphony Hall, Birmingham. He also appears regularly with Hertfordshire Chorus at venues including the Royal Albert Hall, the Barbican, The Sage Gateshead and St Albans Cathedral.
He came to London in 1972 and joined the London Philharmonic Choir where he sang as a tenor under the chorus master John Alldis, performing with conductors including Boult, Stokowski, Solti, Haitink, Tennstedt, Barenboim, Giulini and Rattle. In 1984 he began his work with the newly formed Crouch End Festival Chorus, now a choir of international standing.
As chorus master of the Norfolk and Norwich Festival, he worked closely with Ray Davies of The Kinks on his choral work "The Flatlands", and collaborated with him on live performances in 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 including a performance of The Village Green Preservation Society at the Royal Festival Hall with the London Philharmonic Orchestra, Crouch End Festival Chorus and Ray Davies plus band.

</doc>
<doc id="18980066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980066" title="Rebun">
Rebun

Rebun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18980079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980079" title="Black-throated monitor">
Black-throated monitor

The black-throated monitor ("Varanus albigularis ionidesi") is a monitor lizard native to Tanzania. It is usually a dark gray-brown with yellowish or white markings, and can reach up to seven feet (2 m) in length and weigh more than 60 pounds. It is the largest of the four subspecies of "Varanus albigularis".
Taxonomy.
The generic name "Varanus" is derived from the Arabic word "waral" ورل, which is translated to English as "warn" or "warning." Their specific name comes from a compound of two Latin words: "albus" meaning "white" and "gula" meaning "throat".
Diet.
Their main foods in captivity are whole prey, such as mice, rats, snakes, lizards, freshwater mollusks, small birds, large roaches, crustacians, fish, and eggs. Though these animals commonly accept cat and dog food, it is not acceptable as a staple diet due to an improper nutrient profile and high caloric content. In the wild, these monitors will eat anything they can catch.

</doc>
<doc id="18980090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980090" title="Native American Report">
Native American Report

Native American Report is a news service (or newsletter) published in Silver Spring, MD by CD Publications. It reports on activities of Congress, the courts and federal agencies related to tribal interests.
History.
CD Publications began producing housing-related newsletters in 1961, starting with "Housing Affairs Letter". The company branched out into senior affairs with "Aging News Alert" in 1984, and into grant-seeking with "Federal Assistance Monitor" in 1986.
In Fall 2006, the company acquired "Native American Report" and "Native American Law Report" from Eli Research and combined them into "Native American Report".
Current Coverage.
"NAR" publishes news articles on tribal issues related to health access, health promotion and disease management. It also provides updates on, among other things, education improvement and employment/job training programs. Other topics include the Bureau of Indian Affairs, taxation, regulations, Native American law, sovereignty and gaming disputes. 
Expansion.
In 2007, "NAR", along with CD Publications' other funding news services, was moved onto the web portal GrantsandFunding.net. However, unlike most of the other publications, NAR's electronic version is a PDF-format, downloadable newsletter.

</doc>
<doc id="18980098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980098" title="Louis of Anjou, Marquis of Pont-à-Mousson">
Louis of Anjou, Marquis of Pont-à-Mousson

Louis of Anjou (16 October 1427between 22 May and 16 October 1444) was marquis of Pont-à-Mousson from 1441 to 1443 - he was preceded and succeeded in the title by his father. He was the third son of René of Anjou and his first wife Isabella. He and his brother Jean were given as hostages to the Burgundians in April 1432 in return for freeing their father René, who had been captured by the Burgundians. John was released, but Louis was not and he died of pneumonia in prison at the age of sixteen.

</doc>
<doc id="18980105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980105" title="Beijing Temple of Confucius">
Beijing Temple of Confucius

The Temple of Confucius at Beijing (北京孔庙/北京孔廟) is the second largest Confucian Temple in China, after the one in Confucius' hometown of Qufu.
The temple was built in 1302, and officials used it to pay their respects to Confucius until 1911. The compound was enlarged twice, during the Ming and Qing dynasties and now occupies some 20,000 square meters. From 1981 until 2005, the Temple of Confucius also housed part of the art collection of the Capital Museum. It stands on Guozijian Street near the Imperial Academy.
The complex includes four courtyards aligned along a central axis. From south to north, noteworthy structures includes the Xianshi Gate (先师门), Dacheng Gate (Gate of Great Accomplishmen, 大成门), Dacheng Hall (Hall of Great Accomplishment, 大成殿) and Chongshengci (崇圣祠). Inside the temple there are 198 stone tablets positioned on either side of the front courtyard, and they contains more than 51,624 names of Jinshi (advanced scholars) of the Yuan, Ming and Qing dynasties, and 14 stone stele pavilions of the Ming and Qing dynasties that hold various historical documents of ancient China.
The temple also contains stone tablets recording the names of many generations of scholars who passed the Imperial Examination, a reproduction of a Western Zhou period stone drum made during the reign of Qianlong (1735–96), and stone steles containing the Thirteen Confucian Classics, presented by the city of Jintan in Jiangsu Province.
There is set of carved stone drums made between 1736–1795 during the Qianlong period of the Qing Dynasty held within the Gate of Great Accomplishment, and there is also a large collection of ancient Chinese musical instrument located within the Hall of Great Perfection, along with the central shrine to Confucius.
There are various carvings inside the temple ground. One notable example is a famous carving of "two flying dragons playing a pearl among clouds"; this rare image is seldom to be found in other Confucius temples in China or East Asia, and it is often used in the imperial palaces as dragon is usually solely reserved for emperors.
The Temple has many old trees, including one Cypress tree known as the "Touch Evil Cypress" (Chu Jian Bai), that has been made famous by folklore through the ages. Its name derives from a story from the Ming Dynasty that when a famously corrupt official was passing by, the tree knocked off his hat, and since then people have thought this particular tree could distinguish between good and evil.

</doc>
<doc id="18980151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980151" title="Autre Afrique">
Autre Afrique

L'Autre Afrique was founded by Paris-based journalist Jean-Baptiste Placca in 1997, as a response to the clichéd and often reductive depiction of Africa in the Western media.
In contrast L'Autre Afrique sought to inspire a different reading that reflected the diversity of opinion, the multiple realities, unique terminology and complexities of daily life across a vast continent of over fifty nations. This publication painted a picture of an Africa that existed apart from its associtaions as a continent that is troubled by political turmoil, famine and disease. This publication thus sought to show an Africa that was serious and that is capable of being constructive.
L'Autre Afrique was thus characterised by rigorous investigation, in-depth analysis, detailed coverage and on-the-ground reportage. Placca also saw the newspaper as a pedagogical tool and called for African journalists to function as contributing agents to the growth of Africa.
L'Autre Afrique was based in Paris but was distributed widely both in both Europe and Africa.In this way it took advantage of the mobility that the French communication and transport infrastructure provided to develop a global network of journalists, analysts and photographers. This network proved difficult to sustain as financial pressures forced L'Autre Afrique's closure after only three years. In 2001 Placca resurrected the newspaper as a weekly publication with a clearer financial structure. Despite this and better distribution systems this attempt also ultimately failed.
References.
"This article uses text from the Chimurengal Library under the GFDL"

</doc>
<doc id="18980178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980178" title="George W. Strawbridge, Jr.">
George W. Strawbridge, Jr.

George W. Strawbridge, Jr. (born October 10, 1937) is an American educator, historian, investor, sportsman and philanthropist.
Biography.
Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, he was the son of Margaret ("Peggy") Dorrance and the stockbroker George W. Strawbridge, Sr.. He studied at Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut, where he earned a Bachelor's degree. He furthered his studies at the University of Pennsylvania where he specialized in Latin American history and politics, earning a Master's degree and his Doctorate. For a time, Strawbridge was an adjunct professor at Widener University in Chester, Pennsylvania, where he remains a member of its Board of Trustees.
Campbell Soup Company.
George Strawbridge, Jr.'s mother was the daughter of Dr. John Thompson Dorrance, owner of the Campbell Soup Company. On her father's death she inherited a significant interest in the company. George Strawbridge, Jr. has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Campbell Soup Company since 1988, filling the vacancy left by his ailing father, who died in 1990. He has served as a member of the company's Audit Committee and a member of the Finance & Corporate Development Committee.
Tampa Bay Rowdies and indoor soccer advocacy.
Strawbridge was the co-owner, then majority owner of the Tampa Bay Rowdies soccer franchise of the old North American Soccer League from the team's founding in July 1974 until he and partners Lamar Hunt and Bill McNutt sold them after the 1983 season to investors Stella Thayer, Bob Blanchard and Dick & Cornelia Corbett. The team would win the NASL Soccer Bowl championship for him in their first season and finish as runners-up in both 1978 and 1979. His teams also had great success in the league's indoor circuit, thrice winning titles (1976, 1979-80 and 1983) and twice runners-up (1975 and 1981–82).
It was his long-held belief that the best way to grow the sport's fan appeal, as well as develop young American talent was through the fast-paced, higher-scoring indoor game, rather than overspending on foreign talent. He repeatedly lobbied the other owners to consider playing a full indoor regular season instead of just the two-tiered tournaments of 1975 and 1976. As early as a 1975 owners meeting, he brought in public relations experts to show his peers what indoor's full potential was. Indeed, in 1976, 1977 and 1978 other owners were poised to follow his lead, only to have various obstacles pull the plug on "his" winter season. Undaunted, Strawbridge and a few other owners pressed on, using indoor friendlies as part of their training and build up to the outdoor season. In the meantime the rival Major Indoor Soccer League set up shop in 1977 and began play in 1978. Just as Strawbridge predicted, the MISL games drew thousands of new fans and young American talent almost from the start. Now fearing that they were missing an opportunity, enough owners acquiesced and in November 1979 the first full NASL indoor season finally commenced. By season's end on March 2, 1980 it was only fitting that NASL indoor soccer's original "champion", George Strawbridge, would see his Rowdies crowned as champions of the league's first full indoor season.
Investments.
George Strawbridge, Jr. joined the board of Directors of the Delaware Trust Company in December 1978. In May 1987 Delaware Trust was taken over by Meridian Bancorp Inc., at the time Pennsylvania's fifth-largest bank holding company. [http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9B0DEEDC1530F931A15756C0A961948260] In the fall of 1995, CoreStates Financial Corporation acquired Meridian Bancorp for $3.2 billion, and Strawbridge became the largest individual shareholder in Corestates Financial Corporation and was named to its Board of Directors. In April 1998, CoreStates Financial Corporation merged with First Union Corporation in the largest merger at the time in the history of American banking. Later, First Union merged with Wachovia Corporation.
Buffalo Sabres.
Strawbridge was an active shareholder and director of the Buffalo Sabres NHL ice hockey club and a member of the team's executive committee for more than thirty years. In 2004, he was inducted in the Buffalo Sabres Hall of Fame. According to WGR 550 sports radio in Buffalo, New York, "In the 1990s, Strawbridge expanded revenue streams and played a leading role in producing new capital for the franchise. When illness and other factors forced the Knox family to limit their involvement, it was Strawbridge's commitment to Buffalo hockey that helped keep the Sabres alive."
Augustin Stable.
Strawbridge acquired acreage in the Brandywine Valley in southeastern Pennsylvania and established Augustin Stable as his breeding and racing operation for both steeplechase and flat racing. Now divorced, he makes his home in Cochranville near his Derry Meeting Farm. Active in the National Steeplechase Association (NSA), Strawbridge has served as its president, chairman and chairman emeritus and is a member of the Board of Directors of the National Steeplechase Museum in Camden, South Carolina. The all-time leading money-winning steeplechase owner in the United States, in 1979 the NSA honored him with their F. Ambrose Clark Award given to someone "who has done the most to promote, improve and encourage the growth of steeplechasing in America".
Since 1976, Strawbridge has been a member of The Jockey Club and along with Ogden Mills Phipps, is one of only two Americans to be members of the Jockey Club of Canada. Strawbridge also sits on the Board of Trustees of the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame. He is also a former owner of Tybridge Farm in Chesapeake City, Maryland.
His Thoroughbreds compete in flat racing across North America and in Europe. He bred many of the horses that he raced. His notable runners includes:
As a breeder.
Strawbridge is a first cousin to Charlotte C. Weber, the daughter of Ethel M. Dorrance and her husband Tristram Coffin Colket. Weber is also involved in Thoroughbred breeding and racing as the owner of the prominent Live Oak Stud in Ocala, Florida.
Philanthropy.
Strawbridge and his wife support a variety of causes including environmental, medical and cultural institutions. He gave $2 million to create the Margaret Dorrance Strawbridge Foundation Translational Cancer Research Endowment at the Lucille P. Markey Cancer Center in Lexington, Kentucky.
He is also a member of the Board of Trustees of the Winterthur Museum near Greenville, Delaware .

</doc>
<doc id="18980181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980181" title="Hlebce">
Hlebce

Hlebce () is a village in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. 
History.
A number of buildings several centuries old stand in Hlebce; they are the remnant of a manor farm that belonged to Katzenstein Castle in Begunje na Gorenjskem. There was extensive new construction in the village and population growth after the Second World War. Graben Creek flowed from the Krpina Valley through Hlebce until 1956, when it was rerouted into Begunje na Gorenjskem due to drainage work and made a tributary of Zgoša Creek.
Mass graves.
Hlebce is the site of two known mass graves from the period immediately after the Second World War. Both are located near the freeway southeast of the settlement and contain the remains of Russian Liberation Army soldiers from the 29th Herzegovinian division that were murdered in mid-May 1945. The graves were excavated in late 2006 during freeway construction. The Lesce 1 Mass Grave () lies in an area covering 6 × 2.7 m and yielded the remains of at least 33 victims. The Lesce 2 Mass Grave () is located about 14 m from the first site. It lies in an area covering 2 × 1.5 m and yielded the remains of three victims.
Cultural heritage.
A number of structures in Hlebce have been registered as cultural heritage:

</doc>
<doc id="18980190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980190" title="North Berwick High School">
North Berwick High School

North Berwick High School is a state funded secondary school located in North Berwick, East Lothian, Scotland. 
History.
North Berwick High School was founded in 1893. Prior to that there were two local schools: the Parish School and the Burgh School, the former dating back to 1661. By the 1800s the Parish School was in a building at the corner of School Alley, now Church Road, and the High Street. The Burgh School was just a room, which is now the upper floor of Brian Ferguson, a chemist at the corner of Market Square and the High Street. In 1868 the two schools were merged and in 1876 moved into a new building, which was until recently the North Berwick Museum, in School Road.
The High School began with just thirteen pupils in what is now the Abbey Church Hall, but later that year the pupils moved into their new premises in Law Road, currently the Community Centre. It was not until 1931 that the High School and the Burgh School combined. In 1940 the secondary school pupils moved into the current building beside the playing fields.
The 1940 building forms the front part of the current building with a two-storey teaching extension built in 1960. With pupil numbers rising dramatically, Lothian Region agreed to raise the capacity of the school in 1994. Building commenced in late 1996 and was completed in early 1998. The school was further enlarged and refurbished under a Public Private Partnership scheme that was completed in 2005.
North Berwick High School has had 8 headmasters over its 119 year history:
! Name !! Years as headmaster
Uniform.
The uniform worn by students depends on their current year:

</doc>
<doc id="18980192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980192" title="Henry's Knob">
Henry's Knob

Henry's Knob is a mountain and Superfund Alternative Site in York County South Carolina at above sea level. It is near the North Carolina border and the town of Clover, South Carolina. The mountain was the site of an open-pit kyanite mine, which was under operation from 1947 to 1970. At the time of its discovery, the deposit of kyanite on the mountain was the world's largest United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) testing has determined that approximately 450 residences in the vicinity relying on well water are affected by groundwater contamination from the former mine. The mountain was stripped of approximately due to the mining operations. Today, the site is overgrown, with many pits and waste ponds still evident. While some efforts have been made to repopulate the site with vegetation, little cleanup of the dangerous minerals (including Manganese) has been done.
History.
Henry's Knob name derives from the Henry family, early settlers of York County who originally owned the mountain and surrounding land. In 1765 William Henry was granted on the south side of the Little Mountain, as Henry's Knob was then called, and four years later he was granted another . At this time northern York County was still part of Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, and was not ceded to South Carolina until 1772.
In the 19th century the portion of the original Henry estate including the mountain was inherited by a female Henry descendant and was eventually sold out of the family prior to the Civil War.
A company named Commercial Ores mined the Henry's Knob site during the 1950s and 60s. Combustion Engineering acquired Commercial Ores in 1965 and then sold it in 1971. The mountain has been transferred between several property owners since then. ABB acquired Combustion Engineering in 1990, long after mining ceased.
The EPA identified ABB as the "successor of interest" and a potentially responsible party. The agency asked ABB to conduct an investigation of the Henry's Knob site and surrounding area to identify pollution, including the nature and extent of acid mine drainage that has entered the environment as a result of previous mining activities. The investigation work plan is on file at the Clover Public Library, along with other documents pertaining to the site.

</doc>
<doc id="18980199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980199" title="Let's Go (Shawn Desman song)">
Let's Go (Shawn Desman song)

"Let's Go" is the title of a song by Canadian artist Shawn Desman. It was released in 2005 as the second single from his album "Back for More". The song heavily features a synthesizer phrase sampled from the British new wave band Yazoo's 1982 single "Don't Go."
The song peaked at number 6 on the Canadian Singles Chart, another top 10 hit for Desman. The song's music video also gained heavy airplay on VH1.
Music video.
The music video features Desman dancing with back-up dancers in a room. The song also features some segments featuring Desman with a mixing board.

</doc>
<doc id="18980205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980205" title="Loveland (band)">
Loveland (band)

Loveland was a British house group, formed in 1994 by Mark Hadfield, Paul Taylor and Paul Waterman.
The group scored several dance hits in the UK in the middle of the 1990s, and released one album, 1995's "The Wonder of Love". McFarlane was the group's 'featured' lead vocalist, and was often co-credited on their releases (as Loveland featuring Rachel McFarlane). All three of the other members did extensive work as remixers for many major artists including the likes of Kylie Minogue, Donna Summer, C&C Music Factory, Culture Beat & many more. They also run the Eastern Bloc record label which they released their records on.

</doc>
<doc id="18980222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980222" title="Vassilis Palaiokostas">
Vassilis Palaiokostas

Vassilis Palaiokostas (); born 1966 at Moschofyto, Trikala regional unit is a Greek fugitive who escaped by helicopter twice from the Greek high-security Korydallos prison while serving a 25-year sentence for kidnapping and robbery. He is believed to have been the mastermind of the kidnapping of Giorgos Mylonas, a Greek industrialist, as the ransom paid was traced back to him. In 2000 he was convicted for the 1995 kidnapping of Alexander Haitoglou, the CEO of Haitoglou Bros, a food company in Northern Greece and sentenced to 25 years in prison. 
His brother, Nikos Palaiokostas, is in prison for 16 bank robberies.
The government of Greece faced intense criticism after his second escape from the same facility, and the government responded by firing three justice ministry officials and arresting three prison guards.
What makes him famous in his hometown is the fact that it is said that he has given most of the stolen money to poor families, making him a local "Robin of the Poor", reminiscent of the famous tale of Robin Hood.
2006 escape.
Two accomplices hired a trip on a sight-seeing helicopter from Agios Kosmas, a coastal suburb of Athens. They hijacked the helicopter using a pistol and hand grenade, and forced the pilot to fly to the prison. When the helicopter arrived, guards believed the helicopter was a visit from prison inspectors. The helicopter flew the prisoners to a cemetery nearby, where they transferred to motorcycles and fled from there.
Palaiokostas was re-captured two years later, on August 2, 2008, in Thessaloniki.
2009 escape.
On the afternoon of Sunday 22 February, Palaiokostas again escaped from Athens' Korydallos Prison by helicopter. He and his accomplice Alket Rizai, 34, climbed a rope ladder thrown to them by a female passenger in the helicopter as it flew over the prison courtyard.
Guards on the ground opened fire and the woman fired back with an automatic rifle. No injuries were reported due to the short gun fight, although one prison guard injured himself while trying to pull out his gun.
Police said an elderly couple found the helicopter abandoned in the Athenian suburb of Kapandriti near a highway north of Athens, with its fuel tank leaking from a bullet hole.
The pilot was bound and gagged, with a hood over his head. He told police the helicopter was chartered by a couple who said they wanted to go from the town of Itea in central Greece to Athens. The couple had chartered the helicopter a number of times in the previous weeks, with the woman posing as a business woman. According to the pilot who claimed to have been forced into taking part in the escape, Palaiokostas and Rizai were delivered to their getaway car.
Alket Rizai was re-arrested in November 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18980231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980231" title="Hraše, Radovljica">
Hraše, Radovljica

Hraše () is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18980242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980242" title="Louis of Anjou">
Louis of Anjou

Louis of Anjou may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18980277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980277" title="List of lakes of Germany">
List of lakes of Germany

The biggest lake on German territory is Lake Constance, while Lake Müritz is the biggest German lake.
The following is a list of some larger lakes in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18980281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980281" title="List of windmills in Lower Saxony">
List of windmills in Lower Saxony

A list of windmills in the German state of Lower Saxony.

</doc>
<doc id="18980286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980286" title="Revue Noire">
Revue Noire

Revue Noire is a specialist publisher of books and web material relating to African contemporary art and culture, based in France. From 1991 to 2001, Editions Revue Noire published the printed quarterly magazine "Revue Noire". Since 2001 it has specialized in books, exhibitions, and online content.
History.
"Revue Noire" was created in 1991 in Paris with the objective of demonstrating that "there is art in Africa". The name relates to the "Revue Blanche", a French magazine of the Fifties, to Josephine Baker and to Paris of the Thirties when there was a discussion about "revues nègres".
The magazine was founded by Jean Loup Pivin, Simon Njami, Bruno Tilliette and Pascal Martin Saint Léon; over time the editorial board has also included Pierre Gaudibert, Jacques Soulillou, André Magnin (only for the first issue), Francisco d'Almeida, Everlyn Nicodemus, N'Goné Fall (editor assistant in 1994 and chief editor in 1999), Clémentine Deliss, Etienne Féau and Isabelle Boni-Claverie. The contributors to the magazine change according to the theme and the country on which the magazine focusses; Yacouba Konaté and Brahim Alaoui have been among the collaborators.
Between 1991 and 2001 the magazine published 34 issues. In 2001 "Revue Noire" was continued as a publishing house and online magazine, but it stopped its paper quarterly publication. In 2010 a new editorial project was launched.
"Revue Noire" is a magazine but also a publishing house, a production company for documentary films, short films, videos, and music. Some issues of the magazine include music CDs, exhibitions and events. In particular its two anthologies on contemporary African art and on contemporary African photography are major publications in the field.

</doc>
<doc id="18980314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980314" title="Cafe Prince">
Cafe Prince

Cafe Prince (foaled 1970 in California) was an American Thoroughbred Champion steeplechase racehorse. A descendant through his dam and his sire of the great runner and sire, Nearco, he was bred by "Donut King" Verne Winchell and purchased as a yearling at the Saratoga Yearling sales by George W. Strawbridge, Jr. who raced him throughout his career under his Augustin Stable colors.
Trained by future Hall of Fame trainer, Jonathan Sheppard, in 1977 Café Prince won the first of two Colonial Cups and earned that year's Eclipse Award for Outstanding Steeplechase horse. In 1978 he won his second consecutive Colonial Cup plus he won the American Grand National, performances which helped earn him another Eclipse Award for Outstanding Steeplechase horse. The following year Café Prince continued to win and set course records at Fair Hill, Maryland and at the Saratoga Race Course.
Cafe Prince raced through age ten before being retired at the end of the 1980 season. In 1985, he was inducted in the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18980324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980324" title="List of lakes of Italy">
List of lakes of Italy

The following is a list of lakes of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18980352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980352" title="Aharon Uzan">
Aharon Uzan

Aharon Uzan (, born 1 November 1924, died 23 January 2007) was an Israeli politician who held several ministerial portfolios between the mid-1960s and mid-1980s.
Biography.
Uzan was born in Moknine in Tunisia, and was a member of the right-wing Betar movement in his youth. He made aliyah to Israel in 1949 and joined the left-wing Mapai party. He settled in Gilat, serving as the moshav's secretary and treasurer between 1952 and 1959. In 1960 he founded the Negev Moshav Purchasing Company, and managed it until 1968. He also founded the Negev Water and Merhav transport companies.
In 1965 he was elected to the Knesset on the Alignment's list (the Alignment was an Alliance of Mapai and Ahdut HaAvoda), and was appointed Deputy Minister of Agriculture in January 1966, a role he held until he lost his seat in the 1969 elections.
Between 1970 and 1973 he was secretary of the Moshavim Movement. Despite not being a Knesset member, he returned to the cabinet in 1974 when he was appointed Minister of Communications. After Golda Meir resigned and Yitzhak Rabin formed a new government later in the year, he became Minister of Agriculture. In March 1975 he regained the Communications portfolio in addition to the Agriculture post. Following Likud's victory in the 1977 elections he lost his cabinet position.
In 1981 he left Mapai to found the new Tami party alongside Aharon Abuhatzira. The party won three seats and was included in Menachem Begin's government. Uzan was made Deputy Minister of Immigrant Absorption in July that year. In May 1982 he became both Minister of Immigrant Absorption and Minister of Labor and Social Welfare after Abuhatzira resigned from both posts following his conviction for larceny, breach of trust and fraud. He held both posts until the 1984 elections, in which he lost his seat.

</doc>
<doc id="18980374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980374" title="Holywell Green">
Holywell Green

Holywell Green is a small village in Calderdale, West Yorkshire, England. It is south of Halifax, north-west of Huddersfield and south-west of Elland.
History.
Holywell Green was recorded in the Domesday book as being "a small hamlet within the township of Stainland." It gets its name from St Helen's Well which was known within the area during medieval times. The location of the original Holy Well is uncertain. It could be St Helen's Well itself, the spring in Shaw Park, behind the chapel or at the top of Thomas Street.
Geography.
Holywell Green is the name given to the east side of Stainland. It is based around Stainland Road and Station Road, and built on an east-facing hill. Since West View and Bradley View were built, Stainland and Holywell Green have been conjoined.
The centre of Holywell Green is apparently marked by an old oak tree in Shaw Park, close to the Station Road and Brooklands Avenue entrances.
Landmarks.
Shaw Park.
Shaw Park is the biggest park in the area. The main entrance is located off Station Road. The park was the garden of Brooklands House until the house's demolition in 1930. In 1955, Raymond Shaw gave the garden to Elland UDC after which it became a public park. It has a playground, astroturf 5-a-side football pitch, well, ornamental lake, reed pond, arches, three follies and woods. The follies are located at the top of the park and were built by John Shaw as aviaries. The park is accessible by four entrances: Shaw Lane next to Brooklands Avenue, Shaw Lane next to Brooklands Close, the very bottom of Shaw Lane and Station Road.
In 2010 a group was formed to restore the park back "to its former glory". Money for restoration has been lacking because of Calderdale Council spending cuts.
St Helen's Well.
St Helen’s Well is mentioned in John Watson's monumental "The History and Antiquities of the Parish of Halifax", 1775. He gives no description but says a Roman Catholic chapel dedicated to St Helen, nearby had been converted into a cottage, but in its walls was a large stone known locally as 'the Cross'. Strangers, presumed to be Catholics, made pilgrimages to the well. Watson also possessed a deed which mentioned a grant made to "Henry de Sacro Fonte de Staynland". dated between 1279 and 1324. The well was restored in 1843 in response to interest in drinking 'spa' water. The 'Halifax Guardian' for September 1842 described the scene around Well Head spa where crowds carrying drinking utensils jostled each other in their eagerness to take the waters. Well Head was the most popular of the Halifax spas but several other springs in the area were frequented. Similar scenes may have occurred around this well. In the late 19th century the well was declining. The stone trough had cracked and was leaking. Local placenames reflect the importance of the well. The village is known as Holywell Green and there is a pub called 'The Holywell Inn' and a 'St Helen’s Court'. The well was further restored in 1977 and the crumbling trough of the woodcut has been replaced by a solid modern one; no water flows into it.
Carr Hall Castle.
Carr Hall Castle is at the end of Shaw Lane. It won Channel 5's 2008 TV show "I Own Britain's Best Home".
Bradley Hall Golf Club.
Opposite Burrwood Way's junction with Stainland Road is the road to Bradley Hall Golf Club. The clubhouse is named Bradley Hall. The golf course spreads along the side of the hill below Stainland.
Bradley Hall itself was built in the 16th century and was badly damaged by a fire in 1629. Local places were named after the hall, including Bradley Court, Bradley Lane, Bradley Farm and Little Bradley, all in Greetland, and Bradley View in Holywell Green.
Pubs and restaurants.
At the bottom of Broad Carr Lane is The Rock Hotel. The Holy Well Inn, previously called The Station Hotel and the Waggon and Horses, is at the junction of Stainland Road and Station Road. The Holy Well Inn, the last true public house in the village closed its doors in January 2012. In January 2013 a group of residents applied to have the pub listed as a community asset and created an action group committed to saving the pub for the community. The Royal Oak, which closed in the early 1990s, was situated at the bottom of Burrwood Terrace; it is now a house.
The Shaw family.
The Shaws were mill owners in Holywell Green, John Shaw giving his name to Shaw Close, Shaw Street and Shaw Lane. Thomas Street and James Street are named after John Shaw's sons.
Brooklands House.
Brooklands House stood where Brooklands Avenue is now. Brooklands Lodge, on the junction of Stainland Road and Station Road, was the gatehouse for the mansion. The house was demolished in 1930 and the houses on Brooklands Avenue were built from the stone of Brooklands House.
Religion.
Located between Chapel Close and Stainland Road is Stainland and Holywell Green United Reformed Church. To the north of the church are recently built houses, and another church stood here until it was demolished in the 1970s.
Community.
A Nisa Local shop is at the junction of Stainland Road and Chapel Street. A launderette is next door to the shop. There is a fish and chip shop at the Stainland Road and James Street junction.
Industry.
Located on Burrwood Way are two industrial parks: Burrwood Industrial Estate and Springwood Business Park.
Below Shaw Park, in the valley, are two chemical plants. One is Stainland Works, accessible via the former route of the train line from Burrwood Way, and Rhodia Chemical Plant which is accessible via Brook Drive. Stainland Works is partly built on the site where Stainland and Holywell Green railway station used to be.
During the 19th century, there was a large amount of industry in the valleys. Stainland Works stands on the site of the previous Brookroyd Mills that employed over 1,200 people in 1857. Many of the houses in the village were built for the mill workers. Approaching Holywell Green from West Vale is Burrwood Mill, now converted into apartments as Burrwood Court.
Education.
Holywell Green has one school, Holywell Green Primary School. It also has a nursery.

</doc>
<doc id="18980377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980377" title="Zdravko Radić">
Zdravko Radić

 
Zdravko Radić is a Montenegrin water polo player. He is a member of the Montenegro men's national water polo team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18980384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980384" title="Maria de Guadalupe of Lencastre, 6th Duchess of Aveiro">
Maria de Guadalupe of Lencastre, 6th Duchess of Aveiro

"Dona" Maria de Guadalupe of Lencastre y Cárdenas Manrique (Azeitao,Portugal 1630-Madrid,Spain 1715) was a noblewoman around the turn of the eighteenth century.
Biography.
Born in Azeitão in 1630, she was the daughter of George of Lencastre, 1st Duke of Torres Novas and of Ana Maria de Cárdenas y Manrique de Lara, daughter of the Spanish 3rd Duque of Maqueda (whose mother was a Braganza lady). She was the younger sister of Raimundo of Lencastre, 4th Duke of Aveiro. Once her brother supported the Spanish Habsburgs, even when the Braganzas expelled them from the Portuguese throne in 1640, she followed her brother and mother to the exile in Madrid. There, they were quite welcomed by King Philip IV of Spain, while in Lisbon, Dom Raimundo of Lencastre, 4th Duke of Aveiro was condemn for treason (in 1663) and the King of Portugal, John IV of Portugal, confiscated the Duchy and granted it to Raimundo and Guadalupe’s uncle, Peter of Lencastre, a Braganza supporter, who was recognised as 5th Duke of Aveiro and 5th Marquis of Torres Novas.
Maria de Guadalupe married the Spanish 6th Duke of Los Arcos, Manuel Ponce de León, but it was established that the Spanish House of the Dukes of Los Arcos and the Portuguese House of the Dukes of Aveiro should remain, for ever, separated. When the peace between Portugal and Spain was signed, Maria de Guadalupe of Lencastre requested the cancellation of the decision that granted the Duchy of Aveiro to her uncle, in order to obtain it for herself. She was recognized as 6th Duchess of Aveiro when her uncle died (1673), on the condition she would return to Portugal. Due to her husband's opposition, she divorced him, returned to her homeland and regained the House of Aveiro and their estates. While waiting for the divorce in Spain, King Carlos II of Spain tried to avoid her return to Portugal by granting her, in 1681, the title of Duchess of Aveyro (Spanish spelling) as a Spanish title. She died in Madrid in 1715).
She left behind three children from her marriage with don Manuel Ponce de León:
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil” – Vol. II, page 345. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18980388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980388" title="Kamna Gorica">
Kamna Gorica

Kamna Gorica () is a village in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Church.
The local church, dedicated to the Holy Trinity, was built in 1652 and enlarged in 1754. It has two altar paintings by Matevž Langus.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Kamna Gorica include:

</doc>
<doc id="18980407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980407" title="Third Text">
Third Text

Third Text is a bimonthly academic journal on art in global context. After founder and editor Rasheed Araeen's earlier art magazine "Black Phoenix", started in 1978, published only three issues, it was relaunched as a theoretical art journal in 1987. From 1992 - 1999 the journal was edited by Jean Fisher."Third Text" challenges the boundaries of the visual arts and the confines of the Western academy, featuring leading critics alongside new voices and advanced scholarship interspersed with radical interdisciplinary work that goes beyond the confines of Eurocentricity.

</doc>
<doc id="18980411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980411" title="List of lakes of Uganda">
List of lakes of Uganda

The following is a list of lakes of Uganda.

</doc>
<doc id="18980424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980424" title="Svea hund">
Svea hund

Svea hund, complete title Svea Hund på Göta Lejon (Svea Dog at Göta Lejon), was a Swedish variety show produced by AB Svenska Ord. It was written by Hans Alfredsson and Tage Danielsson, commonly known as Hasseåtage and directed by Tage. 
The show premièred on 15 February (although it had a sneak première on 9 February) 1976 on the theater Göta Lejon in Stockholm.
It was the last of the three "Dog-revues"; the first was "Gröna hund" (Green Dog) the second being "Gula Hund" (Yellow Dog).
Both Hasse and Tage starred in various roles. Other cast members were Gösta Ekman, Monica Zetterlund, Lena Nyman, and Tommy Körberg. The song quartet EBBA (Lena Eriksson, Lars Bagge, Kersint Bagge and Bo Andersson) and Gunnar Svenssons Bandhundband.
Sketches.
Unlike many other varieties, Svea Hund had very long sketches. The first one, "Mäster Olof eller Den Vita Sporten" (Master Olof or The White Sport), is nearly 20 minutes long. The story is set in 1945 and spoken in verse. The sketch stars Tage Danielsson as Gustaf V, Tommy Körberg as Tage Erlander, Gösta Ekman as a young Olof Palme, and Monica Zetterlund a common woman that Erlander had a child with. This child, played by Lena Nyman is chosen to be the true heir to the throne instead of Palme, who in the sketch is the true Prince. But thanks to Gustaf V's tennis partner (played by Hasse Alfredsson), a German on his way to Brazil who introduces himself as Frankenstein, although it is very clear who the German tennis player really is. Thanks to a machine, the prince Olof and the infant switch brains. Olof becomes a socialist and the infant turns out to be Carl XVI Gustaf. The whole sketch was a criticism to the Swedish government, who had collaborated a little too much with the establishment.
The second sketch, called "Rosornas Krig" (War of the Roses) was presented as an opera in one act with music by the Danish composer H.C. Lumbye. Set in a garden, EBBA plays a bunch of vegetables who teases Monica Zetterlund's character, a rose, because she is only pretty and not useful. They however agree that the soul needs beauty, and that even the spirit can die from famine. Soon the dandelion Tommy Körberg comes in, wanting to be accepted. But the vegetables dislike him because he is neither beautiful nor useful. The rose however falls in love with him and he feels the same way. Thanks to a bee (Gösta Ekman) the two flowers can be together. The rose states that the Dandelion is not ugly, he is handsome and yellow and he is also useful because you can make tea and coffee from him. The Dandelion also states that he is food as well, because he can be salad and his steam can be used as a trumpet. The moral of the story is that no one is truly useless.
Dandelion's Swedish name is 'Maskros', witch roughly translated means Wormrose, therefore the title.
The following sketch, Drama i vitt eller Himlen kan inte vänta (Drama in White or The Heaven can't wait) is set in a hospital, starring Lena Nyman as nurse Greata, Hasse Alfredsson as doctor Pubel and Tage Danielsson as the patient, named Ivar Faust. The two hospital workers try to convince Faust to sign a contract in order to "solve the population problem". He will get to live La Dolce Vita in a month before he dies on his own free will. Ivar however, prefers brown beans and the everyday life. In the end Doctor Pubel gives Ivar a cigarette so that he at least will have a shorter life.
På Söderns höjder (At the Söders heights) is a variety show within a variety show and a parody on the old Swedish pilsnermovies. This variety included, among other things, a tribute song to the pannier, Kissinger and Sadat having a contest; the one who can eat the most hideous frog will get the other one's secret documents, I Sportaffären (In the Sportsshop) which most of the time was improvised, were Lena Nyman was trying to buy a marble bag for her son but the shop assistant Gösta Ekman came with the most ridiculous accessories like a marble belt and a special marble glove.
Instead of doing one of his Lindeman sketches, Hasse Alfredson instead had a number where he told a new limerick every night.
The second act begins with Mordet på Örebroexpressen - Efter en dum idé av Lars Peterson (Murder on the Örebroexpress) - After a stupid idea by Lars Peterson). A parody on Agatha Christies Murder on the Orient Express.
Stoppa Prissarna (A word play: Stop the dudes, but it just a letter different from Stop the press). 
The editor Cyrup (Hasse), the young journalist (Lena) and the Headliner Djuret (The Animal, played by Tommy) write exaggerated headlines and stories in order to sell single copies.
Istället för Bellman (Instead of Bellman). Gösta Ekman holds a monologue where he tells many Bellman-jokes, but switches Bellman for more modern writers, such as Bo Setterlind, Sven Stolpe and Bengt Jansson.
The last number was called Hot Dog and filled with music and some small sketches. In it, Tommy Körberg sang one of the songs that since then has become one of his trademarks. Vid Molins Fontän (At Molin Fountain), based on Les Bourgeois by Jacques Brel and Jean Corti.
Reception and legacy.
"Svea Hund på Göta Lejon" became a great success and it was later filmed for TV and has since then been released on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="18980436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980436" title="Writer's Market">
Writer's Market

"Writer's Market" ("WM") is an annual resource book for writers who wish to sell their work. The publication is released by Writer's Digest Books (an imprint of F+W Media) and usually hits bookstores around June of each year. Writer's Market was first published in 1921, and is often called "The Bible for writers" or "the freelancer's Bible." 
The most current edition is the 2014 edition; the current editor is Robert Lee Brewer.
Listings.
For 89 years, the book has listed thousands of markets for writers who wish to sell their work. Said markets include magazines, newspapers, theaters (for stage plays), production companies, contests of all types, greeting card companies, literary agents, and more. Each listing has detailed instructions on how to submit work, relevant contact information, as well as what work each listing seeks.
Articles.
The upfront section of WM has more than a dozen articles on writing topics, such as starting a freelancing business, syndication, freelancing for magazines, and a chart filled with typical payment rates concerning various writing assignments.
"Market Books".
"Writer's Market" is one of nine "market books" published each year by Writer's Digest Books. Others include: "Guide to Literary Agents", "Photographer's Market", "Children's Writer's & Illustrator's Market", "Novel & Short Story Writer's Market", "Artist and Graphic Designer's Market", "Poet's Market", "Screenwriter's & Playwright's Market" and "Songwriter's Market". Each book is designed to give writers instructions on how to submit freelance work to markets.

</doc>
<doc id="18980448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980448" title="Chalon-Arlay">
Chalon-Arlay

This page is a list of the lords of Chalon-Arlay (in the county of Burgundy) and the principality of Orange.
The lords of Chalons and Arlay were a cadet branch of the ruling house of the county of Burgundy, the Anscarids or House of Ivrea.
For more details, and a family tree, see below.

</doc>
<doc id="18980456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980456" title="Taurus Model 608">
Taurus Model 608

The Taurus 608 was produced in 1997 in response to Smith & Wesson's .357 Model 686 Plus, which was chambered for seven rounds. Taurus re-chambered their large-frame 607 to hold eight rounds. This revolver was designed to achieve smooth trigger action. The rear sight is adjustable. It has factory porting for release of gases, so reducing recoil. The Model 608 is available in three different barrel lengths. Scope mount bases are available to match the finish for the larger models.

</doc>
<doc id="18980457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980457" title="Khiching">
Khiching

Khiching is an ancient village in Mayurbhanj District of Orissa, India. It is abode of Maa Kichakeswari Devi.Here was built a fabulous temple from Black Stone.
Khiching is located about 50 km east of Keonjhargarh city and 27 km west of Karanjia. There are several villages in the vicinity, including Sukruli, Naupana, Kakharupana, Salabana, Viratagada, Kichakagada. Another nearby village is Singida. The major festival in Khiching is Sivarathri, which is celebrated over seven days.
The major tourist attraction of Khiching is the Temple Of Maa Kichakeswari. The temple was constructed during the year 920/925. Goddess Kichakeshwari, which was not only ishtadevata and kuladevi of Bhanj dynasty but also the State deity of Princely State of Mayurbhanj ruled by them. The temple suffered in the hand of Vandals. King of Mayurbhanj, Maharaja Pratap Chandra Bhanjdeo reconstructed the temple in the year 1934 spending an approximate amount of Rs.85,000.00. Height of the temple is and total area is 1764sq.ft. Main temple remains closed between 12 noon to 3 PM.
There is a museum constructed by Maharaja Purna Chandra Bhanjdeo in the year 1922.
Description.
The ancient capital of the Bhanja rules, Khiching lies about 205 Km away from Balasore and 150 km from Baripada. Scores of temples dominate the place, some of which are still in active worship. The predominant deity of Khiching is Kichakeswari, the most scared Goddess of the Mayurbhanj chiefs. The temple dedicated to her is built entirely of chlorite slabs and unique of it kind in India. The sculptures are beautiful. A small museum here boasts of highly important historical specimens of sculpture and art.
How to Reach.
Road- Regular bus services are available from Karanjia, Jashipur, Rairangpur, Baripada and Keonjhar. Frequent trekker services are available too.
Rail - Nearest railhead are Keonjhar, Baripada, Tata Nagar and Balasore
Air - Nearest airports are Jamsedpur, Ranchi, Bhubaneswar and Kolkata

</doc>
<doc id="18980461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980461" title="List of lakes of Tanzania">
List of lakes of Tanzania

The following is a list of lakes of Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="18980492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980492" title="Kyle Bruce">
Kyle Bruce

Kyle Bruce (born March 30, 1983 in Garden Bay, British Columbia) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player,
Playing career.
Bruce began his career in the Western Hockey League icing for the Kamloops Blazers. Bruce would ice in just one game before his move to the Prince Albert Raiders, also of the WHL. In 8 regular season games in the 1999-00 season, Bruce would score three points but would begin to establish his physical style with 13 penalty minutes. His efforts helped the Raiders into the post-season, where Bruce himself played twice although failed to score.
His performances during the season persuaded the Raiders to make Bruce a regular player for the 2000-01 season, and he would feature in 68 games, scoring 16 points but totalling almost 200 penalty minutes, further establishing his reputation as an enforcer. It was this reputation that persuaded the NHL Florida Panthers to draft Bruce in the eighth round of the 2001 NHL Entry Draft, pick number 231 overall and one round before future Manchester Phoenix team-mate Grant Jacobsen. Despite the draft, Bruce failed to sign a full-time contract with the Panthers and returned to the Raiders. During his career, Bruce has also been invited to attend a training camp with the Vancouver Canucks, although unfortunately failed to win a contract.
Although Bruce had been disappointed by the Panthers, he would work hard in Prince Albert and continued to clock up the penalty minutes, as well as helping out with a handful of points. In the following two seasons, he would total well over 300 penalty minutes as well as scoring 30 points. For the start of the 2003-04 season, Bruce would again move to another WHL organisation, this time the Vancouver Giants. His best season in terms of production would follow - 34 regular season points followed by 2 in 11 play off games, his first in the post-season.
For 2004-05 Bruce would again move, although this time to the senior ECHL, generally regarded as the third-tier of North American hockey. Bruce would play on 23 occasions for the Columbia Inferno, scoring 10 points and totalling 53 penalty minutes. A move into college hockey would pre-empt the start of the 2004-05 term, with Bruce returning to his home province to play for the University of British Columbia at Canadian Interuniversity Sport level. The step down in standard meant that Bruce's point production dramatically increased to almost a point per game - in two seasons and 40 games he managed 37 points and 80 penalty minutes. Bruce combined his time at the rink with studying for a BA in Classical Studies.
Mid way through the 2006-07 season, Bruce decided to abandon his studies and sign for the Idaho Steelheads of the ECHL. His presence towards the end of the season and into the playoffs helped boost Idaho towards their second Kelly Cup win. For 2007-08 Bruce moved to the Central Hockey League and signed for the Wichita Thunder. Here, his physical style would once again come to the fore, and in 61 games Bruce totalled 247 penalty minutes, helping him to win the local 'Glass Rattler of The Year' award.
It was this physical style and presence that persuaded Manchester Phoenix head coach Tony Hand to successfully chase Bruce's signature in the summer of 2008 and bring him to the EIHL, the highest standard of ice hockey in the United Kingdom. This was Bruce's first taste of hockey outside of his native North America.
For the 2009/10 season, Bruce returned to the Wichita Thunder, playing 17 games and recording 3 points and 41 penalty minutes.
Bruce joined the newly formed, Glasgow based Braehead Clan in the British Elite Ice Hockey League for the 2010/11 season. He was named as an Alternate Captain by coach Bruce Richardson and scored 38 points in 43 games, as well as 104 penalty minutes, throughout the season. Bruce re-signed for the Clan for the 2011/12 season.
On the 30th of January 2012, Bruce signed to The Dundee Stars with immediate effect.

</doc>
<doc id="18980500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980500" title="Xiapu County">
Xiapu County

Xiapu (; Foochow Romanized: Hà-puō), is a county in the municipal region of Ningde, Fujian, People's Republic of China, located along a stretch of East China Sea coast, with many harbours and islands. It is bordered by Fuding City and Zherong County to the north, Fu'an City and Ningde's urban area to the west, and—in Fuzhou City—Luoyuan County to the south.
Administration.
The county executive, legislature and judiciary are in Songcheng Town (松城镇), together with the CPC and PSB branches.
Xiapu has jurisdiction over 6 other towns ("zhen", 镇) and over 7 townships ("xiang", 乡), of which three are zoned Affirmative action-like for the native She people.
Xiapu in the News.
In 2009 August 9, Xiapu was where Typhoon Morakot made continental landfall. A million people had just been evacuated from vulnerable areas of this and surrounding counties.

</doc>
<doc id="18980510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980510" title="Championship League Darts">
Championship League Darts

Championship League Darts is a PDC darts tournament that uses a league and legs format similar to the Premier League but offers the top players outside of the top 8 in the PDC Order of Merit a chance to compete for the championship. It is the first ever darts tournament to be solely broadcast on and funded by Internet distribution.
The tournament was first announced on the official PDC website in mid-April under the name 'Championship of Darts'. It takes place throughout September and October and features a field of 29 players. The inaugural championship – the 2008 Championship League Darts – was held at the Crondon Park Golf Club in Essex and featured a prize fund of £189,000 and a place in the Grand Slam of Darts for the winner. Phil Taylor won the inaugural championship.
Internet coverage.
As there are no spectators in the playing room, coverage is exclusive to the Internet. The choice to broadcast the tournament over the Internet has been partly inspired by the Championship League snooker event and is also a successor to the live streaming of certain matches from the Blue Square UK Open regional finals from the PDC Pro Tour. The streaming is aided by the company Perform, a digital sports agency. Live streaming of every game is available on the several sports betting websites, and is available internationally except in the United States of America where, for legal reasons, the Championship cannot be shown.

</doc>
<doc id="18980520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980520" title="Charles Guilfoyle Doran">
Charles Guilfoyle Doran

Charles Guilfoyle Doran (1835–1909) was a leading figure in the Irish Republican Brotherhood(IRB) and the Fenian Brotherhood in Ireland from the middle of the 19th century. He was also Clerk of Works on the construction of St. Colman's Cathedral in Cobh, County Cork.
Doran was born in Dunlavin, Co. Wicklow) on 2 February 1835. While still a young boy Doran's family moved to Cobh (then known as Queenstown) where he grew up. After leaving school Doran trained as a civil engineer and in 1866 he was employed by the architects E.W. Pugin and George Ashlin as Clerk of Works to oversee the construction of St. Colman's Cathedral in his adopted hometown. Completion of the cathedral was to continue throughout his lifetime.
Influenced by Irish republican historical figures, especially Wolfe Tone, Doran was a founding member of the United Brethren of St. Patrick which organised the funeral of the nationalist and Fenian Terence Bellew McManus who had led the 1848 Irish rebellion. This led Doran into closer contact with militant separatists and into the Fenian Brotherhood and I.R.B. By the mid-1860s he had risen to being one of the leading figures in the movement. At the time of the 1867 rebellion Doran was second in command to General William Halpin. After the abortive rising Doran fled to France but returned to Ireland within a few months and resumed work at his beloved cathedral in Queenstown.
Doran became a prominent figure in the harbour town, becoming a member later chairman of the Town Commissioners (the equivalent of mayor) and also chair of Cork Harbour Commissioners. As an engineer he was responsible for the installation of the Tibbotstown Reservoir and supplying fresh water to Haulbowline and Spike islands.
However Doran continued his involvement with the republicans and took part in the re-organisation of the Irish Republican Brotherhood. In 1874 he turned down a nomination to stand for parliament representing the Home Rule Association as candidate for Cork. He would not stand for election himself but over the following decades was involved in elections working on behalf of John Mitchel, Charles Stewart Parnell and other nationalists.
Doran died in Cork city on 19 March 1909. He is buried at St. Joseph's Cemetery, Tory Top Road, Cork.

</doc>
<doc id="18980536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980536" title="Laugh Comics">
Laugh Comics

Laugh Comics was a comic book produced by Archie Comics in two volumes, from 1946 to 1987 and 1987 to 1991. The title showcased some of the early appearances of the "Archie gang." Beginning with issue #145, Josie began making semi-regular appearances (some of her earliest), with art by Dan DeCarlo.
Publication history.
The title began with issue #20, continuing the numbering of "Black Hood Comics". "Laugh Comics" vol. 1 concluded with issue #400 in 1987.
A second volume, titled simply "Laugh", appeared a few months later, lasting 29 issues until August 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18980540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980540" title="List of lakes of Austria">
List of lakes of Austria

The following is a list of lakes of Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="18980544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980544" title="Greg Tate">
Greg Tate

__NOTOC__
Greg Tate is an African-American writer, musician, and producer. The focus of his writing has been African-American music and culture. He is a founding member of the Black Rock Coalition and the leader of Burnt Sugar.
Biography.
Tate was born and raised in Dayton, Ohio. When he was 13 years old, his family moved to Washington, D.C. He credits Amiri Baraka's "Black Music" and "Rolling Stone", which he first read when he was 14, with stimulating his interest in collecting and writing about music. As a teenager, Tate taught himself how to play guitar. He attended Howard University, where he studied journalism and film.
In 1982, Tate moved to New York City, where he developed friendships with other musicians, including James "Blood" Ulmer and Vernon Reid. In 1985 he co-founded the Black Rock Coalition with some of the African-American musicians he knew who shared a common interest in playing rock music.
Tate became a staff writer for "The Village Voice" in 1987, a position he held until 2005. His work has also been published in "The New York Times", "The Washington Post", "Artforum", "Down Beat", "Essence", "JazzTimes", "Rolling Stone", and "VIBE". "The Source" described Tate as one of "the Godfathers of hip-hop journalism".
In 1999, Tate established Burnt Sugar, an improvisational ensemble that varies in size between 13 to 35 musicians. Tate described the band in 2004 as "a band I wanted to hear but could not find".
Tate has been a visiting professor of Africana studies at Brown University and the Louis Armstrong Visiting Professor at Columbia University's Center for Jazz Studies. In 2010, he was awarded a United States Artists fellowship.

</doc>
<doc id="18980557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980557" title="37th Engineer Battalion (United States)">
37th Engineer Battalion (United States)

The 37th Engineer Battalion ("Eagle Battalion") is an airborne engineer battalion in the United States Army, and currently subordinate to the 2d Brigade Combat Team, 82d Airborne Division, based at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. The 37th Engineer Battalion was reactivated in the 82d Airborne Division as part of the United States Army new BCT 2020 concept in which each BCT's Special Troops Battalions would be inactivated and reactivated as Brigade Engineer Battalions.
The 37th Engineer Battalion ("Eagle Battalion") was an airborne combat engineer battalion in the United States Army, and a subordinate unit of the 20th Engineer Brigade and XVIII Airborne Corps, based at Fort Bragg, North Carolina.
The battalion is notable in that it was the only battalion, of any kind, in the history of the United States Army to have entered combat as both an officially designated amphibious and airborne unit (though the Glider Infantry Regiments of the 11th Airborne Division conducted amphibious assaults in World War II).
Unit History – World War I; World War II.
The 37th Engineer Battalion was first activated on 16 January 1918, as 1st Battalion, 37th Engineer Regiment, whose primary function was electrical and mechanical engineering. During World War I, the battalion participated in the Battle of Saint-Mihiel and the Meuse-Argonne Offensive as a member of the American Expeditionary Force. Following the war, the 37th Engineer Regiment was inactivated in March 1919.
Reactivated in January 1941, the regiment underwent mobilization and training in several locations, and was eventually broken up on 18 March 1943, into the 1106th Engineer Combat Group, the 209th Engineer Combat Battalion, and the 37th Engineer Combat Battalion (Amphibious). The 37th Engineer Combat Battalion was subsequently assigned to the 5th Engineer Special Brigade and participated in Operation Overlord, landing with the initial waves on Omaha Beach. For its performance, the battalion was awarded the Presidential Unit Citation and the French Croix de Guerre with Palm. 
After the Invasion of Normandy, the battalion spent several months on the beach unloading troops and equipment, clearing roads, and repairing port facilities. For this, the battalion received the Meritorious Unit Commendation. Later, the battalion was detached from the 5th Engineer Special Brigade and moved through Belgium and the Netherlands, supporting the Allied advance. The battalion entered Germany in March 1945, where it remained until its return to the United States in November of that same year. The following month, the battalion was again inactivated.
Timeline since World War II.
28 October 1954 – redesignated as 37th Engineer Battalion (Combat).
17 December 1954 – activated in Germany.
31 December 1958 – inactivated.
16 August 1987 – reactivated at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, and assigned to the 20th Engineer Brigade. 
13 October 1990 – deployed to Saudi Arabia (Operation Desert Shield; Operation Desert Storm).
27 September 1994 – deployed to Haiti (Operation Uphold Democracy). 
11 May 2001 – elements attached to the 11th Engineer Battalion and deployed to Kosovo (Operation Joint Guardian) in support of the 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault).
22 September 2002 – deployed 20 soldiers from Vertical and Light Equipment platoons to Kuwait (Operation Enduring Freedom) in support of the Combined Joint Task Force at Camp Doha. Redeployed to Fort Bragg on 22 March 2003. Deployed soldiers received Joint Service Medals and Joint Meritorious Unit Citations (permanent). 
22 March 2003 – deployed to Northern Iraq (Operation Iraqi Freedom) in support of the 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault). For its actions in Iraq, the battalion received the Meritorious Unit Commendation (1st Oak Leaf Cluster).
10 March 2006 – deployed to Afghanistan (Operation Enduring Freedom) in support of Combined/Joint Task Force 76, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry) and formed Task Force Eagle, the first US, Joint and Coalition Engineer Task Force in the CJOA. In addition to standard engineer operations, the battalion repeatedly engaged Taliban and other enemy forces and is credited with over 105 enemy killed. Redeployed to Fort Bragg on 11 March 2007.
The Battalion lost First Sergeant Christopher C. Rafferty in support of (Operation Enduring Freedom). He was fatally injured while coordinating a response to a mortar strike July, 21st 2006 in Sharana, Afghanistan. The Battalion held a ceremony on Rafferty Field named in his honor after their redeployment back to Ft. Bragg.
http://www.arlingtoncemetery.net/ccrafferty.htm
http://paraglideonline.net/092310_news1.html
On 5 June 2009 – deployed to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. The battalion served as an echelon above BCT unit assigned to the USF-I EN BDE, operating throughout Iraq with missions focused in northern and western Iraq primarily in support of the 1st BCT, 25th Infantry Division and the 3d BCT, 2d Infantry Division in Diyala, the 1st BCT, 82d Airborne Division in Al Anbar and the 3d Squadron, 4th Cavalry Regiment and 1st Battalion, 28th Infantry Regiment in Salah ad Din provinces. The battalion formed the basis of Joint Task Force Eagle Headquartered at Joint Base Balad and composed of over 1000 soldiers and airmen. JTF Eagle elements were also based at Forward Operating Bases Warhorse, Al Asad and Ramadi. The Joint Task Force included the 887th Engineer Company (Support), Fort Campbell, KY; 50th Engineer Company (Multi-Role, Bridge), Fort Leonard Wood, MO; the 739th Engineer Company (Multi-Role, Bridge), Granite City, IL; Terrain Team, 70th Engineer Company (Topographic), Schofield Barracks, HI; Air Force Detachment 6 (TACON); Facilities Engineer Team 2 (DS); 732d Expeditionary Civil Engineer Squadron and 266th Military Police Company (OPCON), Manassas, VA. Joint Task Force Eagle's mission focused on partnering with Iraqi Army engineers, building capacity, IED defeat operations, construction, bridging, general engineering, and security.
The colors of the 37th Engineer Battalion were inactivated again effective 16 September 2010 when the unit was reflagged as the 307th.
The 37th Engineer Battalion was officially reactivated as part of the 2d Brigade Combat Team, 82d Airborne Division on 16 October 2013. This was accomplished by inactivating and reorganizing the Special Troops Battalion ("Green Falcons")[http://www.tioh.hqda.pentagon.mil/Catalog/HeraldryList.aspx?CategoryId=4383&grp=2&menu=Uniformed%20Services], 2d BCT. A ceremony was held on 15 November 2013 at Fort Bragg, NC, to case the colors of the STB and to uncase the colors and activate the 37th Engineer Battalion ("Eagle Battalion").

</doc>
<doc id="18980562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980562" title="Plunger pump">
Plunger pump

A plunger pump is a type of positive displacement pump where the high-pressure seal is stationary and a smooth cylindrical plunger slides through the seal. This makes them different from piston pumps and allows them to be used at higher pressures. This type of pump is often used to transfer municipal and industrial sewage.
History.
The invention of the plunger pump is attributed to Samuel Morland based on a patent of 1675.
Operation.
Piston pumps and plunger pumps are reciprocating pumps that use a plunger or piston to move media through a cylindrical chamber. The plunger or piston is actuated by a steam powered, pneumatic, hydraulic, or electric drive.
Rotary piston and plunger pumps use a crank mechanism to create a reciprocating motion along an axis, which then builds pressure in a cylinder or working barrel to force gas or fluid through the pump. The pressure in the chamber actuates the valves at both the suction and discharge points. Plunger pumps are used in applications that could range from . Piston pumps are used in lower pressure applications. The volume of the fluid discharged is equal to the area of the plunger or piston, multiplied by its stroke length. The overall capacity of the piston pumps and plunger pumps can be calculated with the area of the piston or plunger, the stroke length, the number of pistons or plungers and the speed of the drive. The power needed from the drive is proportional to the pressure and capacity of the pump.
Seals are an integral part of piston pumps and plunger pumps to separate the power fluid from the media that is being pumped. A stuffing box or packing is used to seal the joint between the vessel where the media is transferred and the plunger or piston. A stuffing box may be composed of bushings, packing or seal rings, and a gland.
Plunger pumps component materials are chosen for wear and contact with the media type. Component materials include bronze, brass, steel, stainless steel, iron, nickel alloy, or other material. For example, plunger pumps that function in general service or oil service applications often have an iron cylinder and plunger. The plunger, discharge valves, and suction valves come in contact with the media type transferred, and material choices are based on the fluid transferred. In power applications where continuous duty plunger pumps are needed, solid ceramic plungers may be used when in contact with water and oil, but may not be compatible for use with highly acidic media types.

</doc>
<doc id="18980574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980574" title="Savacou">
Savacou

Savacou was a journal of literature, new writing and ideas founded in 1970 as a small co-operative venture, led by Edward Kamau Brathwaite, on the Mona campus of the University of the West Indies, Jamaica. "Savacou" grew out of The Caribbean Artists Movement of the 1960s, which was mostly concerned with Caribbean artistic production and with consolidating a broad artistic alliance between all "Third World" peoples. It took its name from the bird-god in Carib mythology who controlled thunder and strong winds. Issue 1 of "Savacou" was published in June 1970, edited by Brathwaite, Kenneth Ramchand and Andrew Salkey. Its advisory committee included John La Rose, Lloyd King, Gordon Rohlehr, Orlando Patterson, Sylvia Wynter, Paule Marshall and Wilfred Cartey, and among its early contributors were C. L. R. James, Michael Anthony, Derek Walcott, George Lamming, Martin Carter and John Figueroa.
The journal was the subject of regional controversy in 1970, with the double issue 3/4, "New Writing 1970: An anthology of poetry and verse". Featuring oral-based poetics, performance poetry and Creole verse, the issue questioned traditional divisions between words and music, literature and street culture, textuality and orality, antagonizing standard literary formats and in turn provoking major debates and discussions in Caribbean literary circles.
Between 1970 and 1979, fifteen issues of "Savacou" were published. The journal ceased publication in 1980 with issue 15.
The name Savacou also appears as a publishing imprint.
"This article uses text from the Chimurengal Library under the GFDL"

</doc>
<doc id="18980576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980576" title="Castoria (episcopal see)">
Castoria (episcopal see)

The town of Castoria or Kastoria in northern Greece is or has been an episcopal see of various Christian churches.
History.
At first a suffragan of Thebes, the bishopric was, at least by the reign of Basil II in the early 11th century, the first suffragan see of Achrida. Lequien mentions only three bishops: Joasaph in 1564, Hierotheus, who went to Rome about 1650, and Dionysius Mantoucas; but that list can easily be extended.
Some ten Latin bishops of Castoria are known during the period of Latin rule from the 13th to the 15th centuries.
In the early 20th century the town was the seat of a Bulgarian bishopric with 2,224 families, 32 priests, and 22 churches.
Today, for the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople and the Church of Greece the see is the Metropolis of Kastoria and Exarchate for Upper Macedonia in what are still called the New Lands of Greece.
For the Catholic Church Castoria is a titular see.

</doc>
<doc id="18980578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980578" title="Lakeland Shows">
Lakeland Shows

Lakeland Shows are agricultural and sporting shows in the English Lake District.
They have an emphasis on showing sheep, cattle and poultry, and are known for the Herdwick Sheep.
Sports events include Cumberland and Westmorland wrestling and fell running.
While the Westmorland County Show claims to be "one of the largest one day Shows in the Country", Lakeland shows are often on a smaller scale than other agricultural shows. They are held in summer or early autumn.
Shows include:

</doc>
<doc id="18980581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980581" title="List of lakes of the Netherlands">
List of lakes of the Netherlands

The following is a list of lakes of the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="18980590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980590" title="John I of Chalon-Arlay">
John I of Chalon-Arlay

John I of Chalon-Arlay (1258–1315) was a French nobleman. He was the son of John, Count of Chalon and Laure de Commercy, a couple who had thirty castles built on the Jurassian part of the county of Burgundy around their new seigneurie of Salins, including the Château d'Arlay (upon the death of Otto III in 1248, the elder John had become regent of the county of Burgundy on behalf of his son Hugh III, his daughter-in-law Adelaide, and his grandson Otto). He was Seigneur of Arlay (1266–1315) and Viscount of Besançon (1295–1315).
Marriage and issue.
Around 1272 he married Marguerite of Burgundy (daughter of Hugh IV, Duke of Burgundy), and then for a second time to Alix de Clermont-Nesle (daughter of seigneur Raoul II de Clermont-Nesle of the House of Clermont-Nesle). He had only one child, by Marguerite - Hugh I of Chalon-Arlay (1288–1322), who became Seigneur of Arlay, Arguel and Cuiseaux and viscount of Besançon (1315–1322).
Life.
John I fought with the barons' league against King Philip IV of France from 1294 to 1301. In 1305 he fought against Renaud of Burgundy, count of Montbéliard, to force him to recognise John's suzerainté over the neighbouring castles of Dramelay, Binans and Pimorin. John I disappears from the historical record in 1315 and was succeeded as seigneur by his son Hugh.

</doc>
<doc id="18980594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980594" title="Dolbey">
Dolbey

History.
In 1914, Dolbey began as one of the earliest technology companies providing Thomas A. Edison's dictation machines. Today, Dolbey offers products for voice recording, document management, data integration and speech recognition in the healthcare, legal, financial services, public safety markets and for contact centers.

</doc>
<doc id="18980595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980595" title="Hollywood Blvd Cinema Bar and Eatery">
Hollywood Blvd Cinema Bar and Eatery

Hollywood Blvd. Cinema is an independently owned first run movie theatre and integrated restaurant concept in suburban Chicago, IL. The concept of offering patrons “dinner and a movie” at the same time is presented in a highly stylized way from use of authentic Asian artifacts throughout the facility which recalls the details of Grauman's Chinese Theatre in Hollywood, CA to the cleverly named menu items brought to each patron’s seat.
History.
Based in Woodridge, IL, Hollywood Blvd. Cinema has been operating since March 3, 2003 in the Woodgrove Festival Mall. The cinema expanded to a second facility that opened in September 2009 in nearby Naperville, IL. The concept of “dinner and a movie” originated in Indianapolis, IN in 1991 with Hollywood Bar & Filmworks, operating until October 31, 2006 (the exact date of its 15th anniversary). The facility was originally an abandoned 130 year old warehouse that was converted to a three screen cinema with terraced level seating, executive office chairs and a full bar and dinner menu served to patrons’ seats. CEO Ted Bulthaup was the first theatrical exhibitor to gain permission from each of the major film studios to lease first run movies to a cinema facility with a liquor license; a ruling that many dinner and a movie concept cinema chains throughout the country currently enjoy.
Hollywood Blvd. Cinema is currently undergoing its fifth expansion in as many years of operation and has experienced over 500% growth since opening. The cinema opened with four individually themed screens (Chinese/Red; Los Angeles/Green; Sunset Blvd/Blue and Chinatown/Purple) and expanded in 2005 to 6 screens with the addition of the Oscar/Gold auditorium and the Crypt/Black auditorium. An additional expansion completed in the 4th quarter 2008 included 3 additional screens, a grand staircase and elevator, additional restrooms and a museum space that displays authentic Hollywood memorabilia.
Celebrity events.
Annual events include the Alfred Hitchcock Film Festival every October. Past guests have included Hitchcock scream queens Tippi Hedren and Veronica Cartwright, author of “Footsteps in the Fog” Jeff Kraft and the famous director’s daughter Pat Hitchcock. "The Wizard of Oz" is featured every November in effort to recapture family traditions of watching it on TV every Thanksgiving; past guests have included Munchkins Mickey Carroll, Jerry Maren, Meinhardt Raabe, Margaret Pellegrini, Karl Slover and Clarence Swensen. It's A Wonderful Life is an annual holiday tradition featuring Karolyn Grimes who portrayed James Stewart and Donna Reed’s youngest daughter “Zuzu” Bailey and is responsible for uttering the classic line “Every time a bell rings, an angel gets his wings.” Additionally, one time film festivals and tributes have met with great success including a Universal Horror Film Festival featuring Sara Karloff (daughter of Boris “Frankenstein” Karloff), Ron Chaney (grandson of Lon Chaney Jr.) and Bela Lugosi Jr. (son of Bela Lugosi ) and a Tarantino Film festival featuring David Carradine and Michael Madsen.
Other guests have included Hollywood legends such as Jane Russell, Tony Curtis, Shirley Jones and Peter Falk as well as more recent fixtures of pop culture such as Paris Hilton, Amanda Bynes, James & Oliver Phelps and stars of popular franchises such as Disney's Hannah Montana and High School Musical, Star Wars and Animal House.Celebrity Visitors
Hollywood Star for Munchkins.
In addition to annual screenings of "The Wizard of Oz" featuring the opportunity for patrons to meet and get an autograph from Munchkins in the film, Hollywood Blvd. Cinema campaigned for and sponsored the installation of The Munchkins’ star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. After 2 years of submitting letters of petition (some penned by Hollywood greats Steven Spielberg, George Lucas, Ted Turner, Hugh Hefner and many more) and actively campaigning for the Munchkins to be chosen, the effort ended successfully November 20, 2007 when the star was installed on Hollywood Blvd. at a ceremony presided over by Honorary Mayor of Hollywood Johnny Grant. Not only do the Munchkins carry the distinction of having their star located directly adjacent to Grant’s own star in front of Grauman's Chinese Theatre but was the last ceremony Grant presided over before his death on January 9, 2008.Telegraph
Awards and praise.
CEO Bulthaup's first win of a National Association of Theatre Owners award came in 2000 for the development of Hollywood’s fax/email subscriber program. Hollywood Bar & Filmworks was noted for its annual blood drive tied to screenings of The Rocky Horror Picture Show and a Fire Safety Campaign. Hollywood Blvd. Cinema continues that tradition with 2 more coveted NATO awards, in 2003 for Best Use of Media for their annual "The Wizard of Oz" screening featuring appearances by the film’s beloved Munchkins, and again in 2007 for Best Community Event for a premiere of The Tripper featuring appearances by David Arquette and Thomas Jane. It was named to Restaurant Business Magazine’s “10 Best New Concepts” list and was the only theatre to receive an A+ rating in 2007 from the Chicago Sun Times.

</doc>
<doc id="18980597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980597" title="Welsh Highland Railway rolling stock">
Welsh Highland Railway rolling stock

Welsh Highland Railway rolling stock may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18980603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980603" title="Thomas S. Ricketts">
Thomas S. Ricketts

Thomas S. "Tom" Ricketts (born May 23, 1963) is owner of the Chicago Cubs, and the chief executive officer of Incapital LLC, a Chicago investment bank that packages corporate bonds for retail investors. He is also a director of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation as well as the son of Ameritrade founder J. Joseph Ricketts. "Forbes" estimate of the Ricketts' family wealth ($1 Billion), consolidated under J. Joseph Ricketts name, placed them at #371/ 400 on the Forbes 400 list.
In January 2009, a Ricketts family bid led by Thomas Ricketts was chosen as the winning bidder for the Chicago Cubs. The bid was estimated to total around $900 million for the team and related assets. The sale was approved unanimously by the owners of the other 29 Major League Baseball teams that October. Ricketts was introduced as the chairman of the Cubs on October 31, 2009. The transaction closed in late October 2009. All four siblings (Pete, Tom, Laura, and Todd) and both parents share interest in the team through their family trust.
Biography.
Ricketts and his three siblings grew up in Omaha, Nebraska. His father, J. Joseph Ricketts, founded Ameritrade when Tom was 8 years old. The Ricketts' childhood is described as normal middle class, with their father working 80 hour weeks and worrying about paying bills. Ricketts senior let it be known that he wanted his children to establish themselves through their own hard work and would not be allowed to join TD Ameritrade until they reached the age of 30.
Ricketts is the oldest of four children. His younger brother J. Peter Ricketts lives in Omaha and was the unsuccessful Republican nominee for the 2006 U.S. Senate race in Nebraska. Younger sister Laura Ricketts, a lawyer, developed and runs Ecotravel.com and serves on the board of directors of Lambda Legal. Laura and Todd both live in Wilmette, Illinois. Tom Ricketts and his wife Cecelia also live with their five children in Wilmette, Illinois.
University of Chicago.
In 1984, Ricketts moved from Omaha to Chicago in order to attend the University of Chicago. Just out of high school, he moved in with his older brother Peter, also a student at the University of Chicago. Ricketts received a bachelors degree from the university in 1988 and returned to receive his Master of Business Administration in 1993. Ricketts' relationship with the university continued after graduation with reception of the Distinguished Young Alumni award from the university's Graduate School of Business. The award is presented for, among other things, recognition of extraordinary career success, outstanding leadership, and influence in the business community to support the school and current students. In addition, as an alumnus Ricketts has been generous with donations to the university. This has included both volunteering his time and establishing an endowment for the New Year Scholarship Fund. Named after his joy of celebrating the Chinese New Year, the scholarship not only funds promising students but also allows for those students to meet with Ricketts and the other members of the endowment.
Chicago Cubs.
In April 2007, Sam Zell announced his intention to acquire the Chicago based Tribune Company. After acquiring the Tribune, Zell announced that he would sell the Cubs and related entities including Wrigley Field and a 25% share of SportsNet Chicago. Currently under bankruptcy protection, sale of the Cubs and the 25% interest in SportsNet Chicago will raise needed funds for the Tribune company. The Ricketts family bid, headed by Thomas S. Ricketts, was selected as the winning bid on January 22, 2009. The family bid includes all four siblings (Peter, Tom, Laura, and Todd) and both parents. "Forbes" estimates that the ownership stake in the Chicago Cubs represents $642.0 million out of the total $900.0 million bid made by Ricketts.
Ricketts has said that his love for the Chicago Cubs started during the 1984 season when he was 18 years old and moved to Chicago to attend university. Later, Tom and his brother Pete lived in an apartment over the "Sports Corner" at Addison and Sheffield, across the street from Wrigley Field. He met his wife Cecelia in the Wrigley bleachers and simply states that "my family and I are Cubs fans". The bid was reviewed by Major League Baseball and other stake holders. Although several close friends told the press about Ricketts' deep love for the Cubs, the Ricketts family decided not to court media attention until the bid was accepted by all parties.
On July 6, 2009, the "Chicago Tribune" reported that Tom Ricketts and family had reached an agreement with the Tribune Company to purchase the Cubs, Wrigley Field, and 25% of Comcast SportsNet Chicago for close to $900 million, as was originally reported. The contract was sent to commissioner Bud Selig for approval. Final approval came by a unanimous vote of the other MLB owners in an October 6, 2009 conference call. On October 27, 2009, the Ricketts family, with Thomas S. Ricketts as board chairman, officially took over 95% ownership of the Chicago Cubs, Wrigley Field, and 25% ownership of Comcast SportsNet Chicago. The Tribune opted to retain a 5% ownership stake in the team.
Business history.
With his father J. Joseph Ricketts and his brother J. Peter Ricketts, Thomas Ricketts currently serves as a director of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation. In addition he serves as chairman and CEO of Incapital LLC. Ricketts spent one summer early in life working at TD Ameritrade, giving customers stock quotes over the phone. This was his only work experience with the company before being invited to join as a director later in life. Ricketts found business success outside of his father's company.
Mesirow Financial and ABN AMRO.
Ricketts' future success in business became apparent the same year he finished undergraduate studies (1988) when he joined the Chicago Board Options Exchange as a market maker. Ricketts held this position until 1994, shortly after finishing his MBA. From 1995 to 1996, he served as vice president with Mesirow Financial until moving to ABN AMRO as vice president in their brokerage division. Ricketts is credited with pioneering the idea of using of the Internet and other technologies to help companies sell their investment-grade bonds directly to retail investors, as opposed to limiting sales only to institutions. He helped launch the first successful version of this system while at ABN AMRO. In 1999 he left ABN AMRO to found Incapital.
Incapital LLC.
Ricketts co-founded Chicago-based Incapital LLC in 1999. The securities and investment banking firm has since expanded with two additional offices in Boca Raton, Florida and London, England. Currently, Ricketts serves as Incapital chairman and chief executive officer. "Forbes" describes the company as a "technologically-oriented investment bank focused exclusively on the underwriting and distribution of fixed income products to individual investors. Incapital underwrites for several major U.S. corporations through its InterNotesSM product platform".

</doc>
<doc id="18980608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980608" title="Dominican Summer League Angels">
Dominican Summer League Angels

The Dominican Summer Angels are a minor league baseball team in the Dominican Summer League. The team plays in the Boca Chica North division and is affiliated with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.

</doc>
<doc id="18980617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980617" title="Lancovo">
Lancovo

Lancovo () is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava River, opposite Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
There is a late Gothic church dedicated to St. Lambert, originally built around 1500 but rebuilt in the 17th century.
The Commission on Concealed Mass Graves in Slovenia has also revealed a site with mass graves with remains of bodies of hundreds of victims of political killings from the period immediately after the Second World War in Zgornja Lipnica near Lancovo.

</doc>
<doc id="18980626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980626" title="USS Shearwater">
USS Shearwater

USS "Shearwater" is a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="18980639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980639" title="Samuel Gruber">
Samuel Gruber

Samuel Gruber is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18980645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980645" title="List of lakes of Poland">
List of lakes of Poland

The following is a list of lakes of Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18980656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980656" title="Bargain Buddy">
Bargain Buddy

Bargain Buddy is an Adware program developed by Exact Advertising. Bargain Buddy software monitors Internet usage and displays advertisements based on the websites a user views. The software may also display ads for Exact Advertising programs such as FunGameDownloads and PhotoGizmo. 
Method of Infection/Variants.
The program is downloaded as a Browser Helper Object (BHO) as part of software bundles via the Internet, through free downloads such as games, wallpapers and screensavers. Bargain Buddy may also be known as CashBackBuddy, Bullseye Software, eXact Searchbar and NaviSearch. 
Affected Operating Systems.
Bargain Buddy is only known to infect computers running the Microsoft Windows Operating System, specifically integrating with the Internet Explorer web browser. The following Windows systems may be infected:
Symptoms of infection.
In a typical installation, the following files are created: bbchk.exe & bargains.exe. The Registry is also modified so the software runs at system startup.
Removal.
Exact Advertising insists that users should only attempt to remove Bargain Buddy and other Exact Advertising products through the Add/Remove programs applet, in the Control Panel. Symantec has released a tool to help remove the program. It may also be removed by PC Tools Spyware Doctor, the Norton Family of Security products, and Spybot Search & Destroy.

</doc>
<doc id="18980657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980657" title="Lucarno">
Lucarno

Lucarno (foaled February 10, 2004 in Pennsylvania) is a Thoroughbred racehorse racing in the United Kingdom for breeder/owner, George W. Strawbridge, Jr. Out of the mare Vignette, he was sired by Dynaformer whose other offspring includes Barbaro and McDynamo.
Conditioned for racing by trainer John Gosden, at age three the colt notably won the 2007 G2 Great Voltigeur Stakes, the G1 British Classic, the St. Leger Stakes, and was fourth in the Epsom Derby.
Racing at age four in 2008, Lucarno won the G2 Princess of Wales's Stakes. 
Retired to stud for the 2009 season, Lucarno will stand at Wood Farm Stud in Ellerdine, Wellington, Shropshire, where he will be covering predominantly National Hunt mares, his size, strong physique, soundness and excellent conformation making him eminently suitable for that role.

</doc>
<doc id="18980666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980666" title="1997 UCI Track Cycling World Championships">
1997 UCI Track Cycling World Championships

The 1997 UCI Track Cycling World Championships were the World Championship for track cycling. They took place in Perth, Australia from 27 August to 31 August 1997. Twelve events were contested, eight for the men and four for the women. France dominated most of the events, taking home half of the gold medals on offer.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18980711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980711" title="Eucapperia bullifera">
Eucapperia bullifera

Eucapperia bullifera is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea. It is found in Tanzania, South Africa and Madagascar.
The wingspan is 14–19 mm. The moth flies in November.

</doc>
<doc id="18980731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980731" title="Nisar Ahmad Khuhro">
Nisar Ahmad Khuhro

Nisar Ahmad () is a Sindhi politician who is the current speaker of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh. 
Nisar Ahmad got his primary education from Five Stars Secondary School RWP, he matriculated to the RWP Board. Then he joined Govt. Asghar Mall College for Secondary Education. There he joined the Pakistan Peoples Student Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18980738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980738" title="Exelastis caroli">
Exelastis caroli

Exelastis caroli is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea. It is found in Kenia, inhabiting the coastal dunes.
The wingspan is 14–19 mm. The moth flies in March.

</doc>
<doc id="18980751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980751" title="Anorthosis Famagusta Volley">
Anorthosis Famagusta Volley

Anorthosis Volleyball Club is the volleyball team of Anorthosis and it is temporarily based in Limassol. Founded in 1920, it is one of the oldest volleyball clubs in Cyprus.
History.
The history of department volleyball of Anorthosis is identified with the history of sport in Cyprus. The sport made its appearance in Famagusta in the means of decade 1920 with instructor the professor of gymnastics, Anastassis Economides. According to the proceeding of meetings of administrative council of Anorthosis, the sport of volleyball added on 11 June 1928 with water polo. That season were playing friendly matches, while the volleyball players of Anorthosis they were playing with colours of the Gymnastic Association Evagoras (where it was creation of members of Anorthosis) at the duration of Pancyprian Fights. Historians report that period 1928-1954 "under the wise man guidance of Anastassis Economides, the team of volleyball gave to Anorthosis a lot of first victories, a lot of glory and filled the rooms of association with bowls and medals". The teams volleyball of Anorthosis participated in most tournaments that were carried out in amateur base up to 1972, under the aegis, initially, local committee SEGAS Cyprus and afterwards the Pancyprian Federation of Sports, while the athletes of Anorthosis played also a leading part in the distribution of Beach volleyball that made his appearance at the end of the decade 1940.
In 1972 with the creation of EOPE (Greek Federation of Volleyball) Anorthosis Volleyball Club, develops appreciable activity with climax the conquest Pan-Hellenic of championship (unbeaten) and its attendance in the A' championship of National category. Anorthosis is the unique team that fought in Pan-Hellenic Championship. However, the Turkish invasion deprived from the team of Famagusta, her eve in "giants" the Greek volleyball, after it was forced to withdraw five fighting before the end. If overcame even one opponent in the five games that remained her eve in A' National Category was certain. 
The period after the invasion was exceptionally difficult. Substantially without seat, without athletic material… However, the players of Anorthosis exceeded each obstacle and made their association in big protagonist in the sport monopolizing the titles in a lot of cases. With 19 conquests of championship, 14 conquests of cup, 7 Super Cups and 11 Doubles, it is the team with the bigger successes in the Cypriot question volleyball. In the season 2009-10, with trainer Petros Kontos, Anorthosis occupied the 1st place in the championship.
The department of woman's volleyball recrudesced for little in Larnaca after the Turkish invasion in 1974. In 1987, with initiative of Level of Anorthosis in Nicosia, the department "is built" in robustly foundations by their fans that live in Nicosia and from then participates regularly in the activities of the KOPE with bigger successes conquest 5 Super Cups, 4 Championships and 4 Cups.
Current volleyball squad.
Coach: Marios Kontos<br>
Assistant Coach: Pavlos Ioannou<br>
Scouter/Statistician: Stergios Fragkeskou
Women.
Current volleyball squad.
Coach: Mikhail Omelchenko Russia <br>
Scouter/Statistician: Demetris Papadopoulos

</doc>
<doc id="18980765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980765" title="Christian Vuissa">
Christian Vuissa

Christian Vuissa (born 1969) is a Latter-day Saint filmmaker. He is also the founder and head of the LDS Film Festival.
Vuissa is a native of Austria and served an LDS mission in Leipzig, Germany from 1994 to 1996. He was involved in the making of "Pirates of the Great Salt Lake". He was the director of "Baptists at Our Barbecue", "The Errand of Angels", "One Good Man (2009 film)" (originally called "Father in Israel"), "The Letter Writer (2011)", "The Reunion", and "Silent Night (2012)".
Vuissa was also the original story creator and the director of the 2002 short drama film "Roots and Wings" about Mexican immigrants to the United States.
Vuissa is a 2002 graduate of Brigham Young University's Media Arts program.

</doc>
<doc id="18980779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980779" title="Reginald of Burgundy">
Reginald of Burgundy

Reginald of Burgundy (died 1321) was Count of Montbéliard, "jure uxoris", from 1282 to 1321. He was a son of Hugh of Chalon (from the House of Ivrée), sire of Salins, and his wife Adelaide. 
He married Guillemette of Neufchâtel and they had a daughter, Joanna, who married first Ulrich III, Count of Pfirt and second Rudolf Hesso, Margrave of Baden-Baden. By her first marriage she had four daughters, of whom two survived - Joanna of Pfirt, wife of Albert II, Duke of Austria and Ursula. After Reginald's death in 1322, his daughter Joanna inherited his lands. After Ulrich's death in 1324, she remarried and had two more daughters, Margaret and Adelaide.

</doc>
<doc id="18980781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980781" title="Hellinsia emmelinoida">
Hellinsia emmelinoida

Hellinsia emmelinoida is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea. It is found in Tanzania. The species closely resembles the European "Emmelina monodactyla".
The wingspan is 22–24 mm. The moth flies in January, July and December.

</doc>
<doc id="18980797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980797" title="Petlyakov VI-100">
Petlyakov VI-100

The Petlyakov VI-100 ("Visotnyi Istrebitel" – high altitude fighter) was a fighter/dive bomber aircraft designed and built in the USSR from .
Development.
The VI-100 was first conceived in 1938 by a team led by Vladimir Petlyakov at STO-100, it was an aerodynamically-clean all-metal monoplane with turbo-supercharged engines. Constructed using light alloy stressed skin the VI-100 had electrical servo-motors in the flying controls and automatic adjustment of the gunsight with angle of attack, as well as pressure cabins for pilot and radio-operator/gunner, and an extensive 28V DC electrical system. Originally intended to carry a 3in calibre gun with 24 rounds in a drum, the large calibre gun was replaced by racks under centre-section to carry 100(220 lb),200(440 lb) or 500 kg(1,100 lb) bombs as well as two ShVAK and two ShKAS in the nose and a handheld ShKAS on a flexible mounting in the rear cockpit. Due to delays in the production of its unique pressurised cockpit, the aircraft was not built until late 1939, with the first flight, pilotted by P.M. Stefanovskiy with I.V. Markov as engineer, on the 23rd of December. During the 1940 May Day Parade the VI-100 was rolled in front of the dais with the undercarriage extended, but interest in a dedicated high-altitude interceptor waned during 1940 and Petlyakov's team were assigned the priority task of transforming the VI-100 into the PB-100 three seat dive bomber by the 1st of June 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="18980805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980805" title="Ochyrotica bjoernstadti">
Ochyrotica bjoernstadti

Ochyrotica bjoernstadti is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea. It is found in Tanzania.
The wingspan is ca. 16 mm. The moth flies in May.

</doc>
<doc id="18980807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980807" title="Ivanhoe (1958 TV series)">
Ivanhoe (1958 TV series)

Ivanhoe is a British television series first shown on ITV in 1958-59. The show features Roger Moore in his first starring role, as Sir Wilfred of Ivanhoe, in a series of adventures aimed at a children's audience. The characters were drawn loosely from Sir Walter Scott's 1819 novel. 
Plot.
The series was set in England during the 12th century reign of King Richard the Lionheart, who had gone to fight in the Crusades and failed to return. In his absence, power had been taken by his younger brother, the ambitious and wicked Prince John, who sought to strip the people of their rights and land. The dashing and heroic knight Ivanhoe, with his father-and-son companions Gurth and Bart whom he had freed from servitude (from the evil Sir Maurice), attempted to right wrongs, secure justice, help those in need, and thwart John and his allies.
Making of the series.
Swashbuckling adventures for a younger audience, such as "The Adventures of the Scarlet Pimpernel", "The Adventures of Robin Hood" and "The Adventures of Sir Lancelot", were a mainstay of television programming in Britain in the mid-1950s. In December 1956, Columbia Pictures signed up Roger Moore, then working with limited success in Hollywood, to play the title role in an intended series for transmission in both America and the UK. The series was a co-production between Columbia subsidiary Screen Gems and British producer Sydney Box.
The budget was far more lavish than that of the Robin Hood series running at the time and filming started in early 1957, mostly at the ABC Studios at Elstree Studios and on location around Buckinghamshire in England, but with some shooting also taking place in California. The series premiered on ITV in January 1958, while filming continued to complete all 39 episodes through to June 1958. Although a pilot episode was filmed in colour, the series was shot in black and white. The executive producer was Peter Rogers, who shortly afterwards began producing the "Carry On" films. Guest stars on the series included Christopher Lee and John Schlesinger. Other supporting actors included Jon Pertwee, Paul Eddington, Leonard Sachs, Kenneth Cope John Warner and Adrienne Corri.
Moore insisted on undertaking much of the stunt work himself, resulting in several injuries including three cracked ribs from a fight scene and being knocked unconscious when a battleaxe hit his helmeted skull. Moore later commented: "I felt a complete Charlie riding around in all that armour and damned stupid plumed helmet. I felt like a medieval fireman."
The series finished when Moore returned to Hollywood after Warner Brothers offered him a movie role in "The Miracle".
Broadcasting.
The 39 episodes of the series was originally broadcast from 5 January 1958 to 4 January 1959, then was later repeated several times. The original air dates are in parentheses.
Availability.
The series has not yet been released on DVD. Sony Pictures Television has the rights of the series. It’s unknown why Sony has granted no DVD publisher a licence to release the series on DVD.
Title song.
Each episode starts with the title song:
Each episode ends with the following song:

</doc>
<doc id="18980821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980821" title="Brett Clark (sociologist)">
Brett Clark (sociologist)

Brett Clark is an assistant professor of sociology at the University of Utah. From 2008-2012, he was an assistant professor at North Carolina State University. His areas of interest are ecology, political economy and science.
Works and awards.
He is the author of several books, including "The Science and Humanism of Stephen Jay Gould" (with Richard York), "The Ecological Rift: Capitalism's War on the Earth" (with John Bellamy Foster and Richard York), and "Critique of Intelligent Design: Materialism versus Creationism from Antiquity to the Present" (with John Bellamy Foster and Richard York). He has published articles in the "American Journal of Sociology", "Social Problems", "Social Science Research", "Theory and Society", "Sociological Inquiry", "The Sociological Quarterly", "Organization & Environment", "Population & Environment", "Global Environmental Politics", "Urban Studies", "Journal of Agrarian Change", "Society & Natural Resources", "International Journal of Comparative Sociology", "Nature & Culture", "Monthly Review", and other scholarly publications. He received the 2007 Outstanding Publication Award from the Environment and Technology Section of the American Sociological Association for a series of articles published with Richard York.

</doc>
<doc id="18980843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980843" title="Platyptilia aarviki">
Platyptilia aarviki

Platyptilia aarviki is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea. It is found in Kenia. The species is named after Leif Aarvik, in honour of his thorough work on the "Microlepidoptera" of Tanzania.
The wingspan is ca. 33 mm. The moth flies in November.

</doc>
<doc id="18980847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980847" title="Jack Wilshere">
Jack Wilshere

Jack Andrew Garry Wilshere (born 1 January 1992) is an English footballer who plays for English club Arsenal and the England national team. He plays primarily as a central midfielder.
Wilshere came up through Arsenal's youth academy and impressed from an early age. He made his first team debut in 2008, becoming Arsenal's youngest ever league debutant at the age of 16 years, 256 days. Wilshere has earned a number of accolades including the PFA Young Player of the Year award, nomination to the 2010-11 PFA Team of the Year, and Arsenal's Player of the Season award, as voted for by fans for his performances in his first full campaign for Arsenal during the 2010–11 season.
Wilshere is an England international, having previously represented his country at under-16, under-17, under-19 and under-21 levels. He made his debut for the senior team against Hungary at the age of 18 years and 222 days, making him the 10th youngest player in England's history.
Early life.
Wilshere was born in Stevenage, Hertfordshire and currently lives in Hitchin, where he grew up and captained his school team. He captained The Priory School football team to County Cup and District Cup glory from Year 7 through to Year 10, and also added the Under 15s National Cup to his list in Year 8.
Club career.
Youth and Reserves.
Wilshere joined the Arsenal Academy in October 2001 at the age of nine, after a short spell in the Luton Town youth programme. He rose through the ranks, and at the age of 15 was named the captain of the under-16s; he also made a few appearances for the Under-18s. In the summer of 2007 Wilshere featured in the Champions Youth Cup and upon his return to England, Arsenal Academy coach Steve Bould gave him a start for the Under-18s first game against the Chelsea Under-18 team. He scored his first goal against Aston Villa Under-18s in a 4–1 win. He then scored a hat-trick against Watford Under-18s, helping his side to an Academy Group A title. He finished his first full season with the Under-18s with 13 goals in 18 appearances, most of which coming at age 15.
In February 2008, he made his debut for Arsenal Reserves aged 16 against Reading, and scored Arsenal's only goal of the match, which ended in a draw. He scored a memorable goal against West Ham reserves in March, picking the ball up and curling a shot into the top left corner under the watching eye of Arsène Wenger. He managed to record two goals and two assists in just three appearances for the reserves at the end of the 2007–08 season. He played in the Under-16s victory in the Ferroli Cup, being named as player of the tournament. He played an important role in Arsenal's 2009 FA Youth Cup win, scoring goals in the semi final and producing a man-of-the-match display in the first leg of the final against Liverpool, assisting two goals and scoring himself.
2008–09 season.
In July 2008, Wilshere was selected in the first team for the pre-season friendlies. He made his first team debut against Barnet as a half-time substitute for Henri Lansbury, setting up a goal for Jay Simpson. Wilshere scored his first two goals for Arsenal in a 10–2 win against a Burgenland XI, and again two days later in a friendly against Stuttgart.
Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger gave Wilshere a place in Arsenal's first team squad for the 2008–09 season, and he was given the number 19 shirt. He made his competitive debut in a Premier League match against Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park in September 2008, as an 84th-minute substitute for Robin van Persie. At the age of 16 years and 256 days, he was Arsenal's youngest-ever league debutante, a record previously held by Cesc Fàbregas. Ten days later, on 23 September, Wilshere scored his first competitive Arsenal goal in a 6–0 victory against Sheffield United in the Football League Cup. On 25 November 2008, Wilshere came on as a substitute in a UEFA Champions League match against Dynamo Kyiv, becoming the fifth sixteen-year-old to ever play in the Champions League. In January 2009 Wilshere signed his first professional contract, extending it in July the same year.
2009–10 season.
In the preparation for the 2009–10 season, Wilshere scored twice and was twice awarded Man of the Match as Arsenal regained the friendly tournament, the Emirates Cup. On 22 September 2009, he started for Arsenal in their 2–0 Football League Cup win over West Bromwich Albion. In the 37th minute of the match, he was involved in a controversial incident with Jerome Thomas as Thomas pushed Wilshere's face and was shown a red card.
Loan to Bolton Wanderers.
On 29 January 2010, Wilshere joined Premier League side Bolton Wanderers on loan until the end of the 2009–10 season. He made his first league start in the away game at Manchester City on 9 February, and scored his first Bolton goal, his first in the Premier League, on 6 March 2010 in the 2–1 victory at West Ham United. He impressed at Bolton and they tried, unsuccessfully, to sign him on loan for another season.
2010–11 season.
The 2010–11 football season was a year of breakthrough for Wilshere. On 15 August 2010, he made his first start in the Premier League for Arsenal against Liverpool at Anfield. He followed that up with another start the next weekend against Blackpool contributing with an assist. On 15 September, Wilshere started his first Champions League game of the season providing an assist.
Wilshere was named Arsenal's Player of The Month for September 2010. On 16 October, Wilshere received his first straight red card in first-team football in a Premier League match against Birmingham City for a challenge on Nikola Žigić. On 19 October, Wilshere scored his first Champions League goal with a chip over Andriy Pyatov at the Emirates Stadium for Arsenal in a 5–1 thrashing of Shakhtar Donetsk in the group stage.
On 1 November, it was announced that Wilshere had signed a new long-term contract. On 27 November, Wilshere scored his first Premier League goal for Arsenal in a 4–2 win at Aston Villa. Wilshere was praised for his highly influential display against Barcelona in Arsenal's 2–1 victory, he completed 93.5% of his passes overall and 91% of his passes in the final third of the pitch. Manager Arsène Wenger described his performance as "outstanding".
In April 2011, Wilshere won the PFA Young Player of the Year award, and was also named in the PFA Team of the Year for the 2010–11 season, along with Arsenal team-mates Samir Nasri and Bacary Sagna. In his breakthrough season he was also voted Arsenal's Player of the Season, ahead of the likes of Fàbregas, van Persie and Nasri.
2011–12 season.
During the summer leading into the 2011–12 season, Wilshere suffered a stress fracture ankle injury during an Emirates Cup pre-season friendly against New York Red Bulls. The injury proved a persistent problem throughout Arsenal's pre-season and on 26 September, Wilshere underwent successful surgery, and was to be ruled out for four to five months. However, on 27 January, he suffered a recurrence of the ankle injury, and in April 2012 he was ruled out for the remainder of the season. The injury meant that he did not participate in a single club match all season as well as the 2012 Olympics and England's UEFA Euro 2012 campaign.
2012–13 season.
After Robin van Persie left Arsenal for Manchester United on 17 August 2012, Wilshere was given the vacant number 10 shirt.
After 14 months out from football due to a persistent injury, Wilshere returned to regular first team training with Arsenal on 20 September 2012. On 27 October, he made his first Premier League start since May 2011 in a 1–0 win over Queens Park Rangers, playing 67 minutes before being replaced by Theo Walcott. He started the following league game against Manchester United at Old Trafford, but was sent off in the 69th minute after receiving 2 yellow cards and Arsenal lost the match 2–1. Wilshere played the full 90 minutes in a UEFA Champions League match against Schalke on 6 November which ended in a 2–2 draw. On 21 November, he scored his first goal since returning from injury in a 2–0 win against Montpellier in the UEFA Champions League.
On 19 December 2012, it was announced that Wilshere, along with teammates Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Kieran Gibbs, Aaron Ramsey and Carl Jenkinson, signed a new long term contract with Arsenal. On 16 January 2013, he scored the only goal in a win against Swansea City in the FA Cup.
In April, Wilshere was nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year award for the season, his second nomination after he won the 2010–11 award.
After Wenger chose to rest Wilshere in the March and April period of the season, he featured sporadically in mostly substitute appearances towards the end of the campaign. In the summer of 2013, Wilshere was to have a very minor surgery to prepare him for Arsenal's preseason.
2013–14 season.
Wilshere started the season playing on the left wing due to injuries keeping out Arsenal's first-team wingers, Lukas Podolski, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Theo Walcott. He scored his first goal of the season on 6 October in a 1–1 draw away to West Bromwich Albion. He scored his second goal of the season on 19 October in a 4–1 win against Norwich City. On 26 November, he scored his first career brace in a 2–0 win against Olympique de Marseille in the UEFA Champions League, the first being the fastest European goal scored by an English player, timed at 29 seconds. 
During a match against Manchester City on 14 December, Wilshere gave an abusive hand gesture and was given a two match ban.
On 13 January Wilshere played a part in both of Arsenal's goals against Aston Villa (a game which Arsenal won 2-1). Having scored in the 34th minute, Wilshere won the ball back from the kick-off and set up Olivier Giroud who scored Arsenal's second. Wilshere picked up his fourth assist of the season in Arsenal's 2-0 win over Fulham, on 18 January, setting up Santi Cazorla close to the hour mark. 
International career.
Since 2006, the England national football team have decided to play Wilshere in an age group above his age. Wilshere was just 14 when he played for the England national under-16 football team at the Victory Shield in 2006. At the age of 15, he began playing for the England national under-17 football team. He was then named in the squad for the 2009 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship in May, starting the first two games, particularly impressing in the second match against Germany before going off with an injury which kept him out of the final game. After the tournament, he was named among the 10 future stars from the tournament. 
On 11 September 2009, he also came on as substitute for his England U-21 debut against the Netherlands in a 0–0 draw.
On 7 August 2010, Wilshere was called up to the England senior squad for the first time for their friendly against Hungary. He made his England debut in the match played on 11 August 2010, coming on as an 83rd minute substitute for Steven Gerrard.
This made him the 10th youngest player ever to play for the English national team.
On 9 February 2011, Wilshere made his full England debut when he started in a friendly against Denmark. He impressed despite playing in an unfamiliar role just in front of the defence and was praised by manager Fabio Capello. 
On 25 March 2011, Wilshere made his competitive debut for England in a UEFA Euro 2012 qualifier against Wales at Cardiff's Millennium Stadium. He made one further appearance in the qualifying phase but missed the tournament finals due to injury.
On 6 February 2013, Wilshere made his first start for England since 2011 due to injury, and was named man-of-the-match as England beat Brazil 2–1 at Wembley. Wilshere's performance was widely praised by many including manager Roy Hodgson, captain Steven Gerrard, Wayne Rooney and Frank Lampard.
Style of play.
Wilshere is a player known for his movement, vision, passing and combination play, as well as his leadership on the pitch. He has been described by Arsène Wenger as having "Spanish technique, but an English heart". Owen Coyle, manager of Bolton during Wilshere's loan spell, praised his ability to "tackle and take a knock", despite his lack of height. However, Arsenal head of youth development Liam Brady noted that Wilshere had problems with his temper early on in his career.
Wilshere has been used in a number of positions, including as an attacking midfielder, a winger, and most regularly as a deep-lying central midfielder. Wenger has said that Wilshere is "a box-to-box player, more than just a holding midfielder." Wilshere's style of play has frequently been compared to that of Arsenal legend Brady, while Brady himself identified Wilshere as the latest in a line of technically gifted English players from Glenn Hoddle to Wayne Rooney.
Following his return from injury in the 2012-13 season, Wilshere received praise for his performances and potential from a variety of fellow professionals; Barcelona and Brazil defender Dani Alves referred to Wilshere as 'a great player', and compared his potential to that of Barcelona midfielders Andres Iniesta and Xavi, while Bayern Munich's Bastian Schweinsteiger called him 'one of the best players there are' in his position. Borussia Dortmund's Marco Reus hailed him as "a perfect player".
Wilshere has stated his ambition to captain both Arsenal and England, and has been tipped by Wenger for both roles. England manager Roy Hodgson said: "Wilshere has got the personality, the ­character and the quality to accept ­responsibility, to accept the pressure. I foresee a fantastic England career for him. I would agree with Arsène Wenger and say Jack has got the ­qualities be England captain, there's no doubt about that."
Personal life.
Wilshere was arrested in the early hours of the morning on 29 August 2010 in connection with a "fracas". However, it appeared Wilshere played the role of peacemaker and so did not face charges but received a caution.
In March 2011, Wilshere received a police warning for spitting on a taxi driver, who happened to be wearing a hat of Arsenal's rivals Tottenham, after the driver refused to drive him home because he was too drunk.
On 29 September 2011, Wilshere's girlfriend Lauren Neal gave birth to their son, Archie Jack Wilshere. And on 26 September 2013, Neal gave birth to their second child, Delilah Grace Wilshere. 
Wilshere appeared on the UK and Ireland cover of FIFA 12 alongside Wayne Rooney. In November 2011, Wilshere became an ambassador for St John Ambulance.

</doc>
<doc id="18980889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980889" title="Civil Lines (magazine)">
Civil Lines (magazine)

Civil Lines is an Indian literary magazine, which was launched in 1994 by publisher Ravi Dayal, from New Delhi. Civil Lines quickly became the bastion of new Indian writing in the English language. Initially inspired by British magazine Granta, its focus on high quality unpublished fiction, personal history, reportage and inquiring journalism instantly appealed to the growing populations of intellectual literate Indians living in urban areas.
The Only Candidate Who Can Win Civil - Lines Consitituency, Jaipur ASHOK LAHOTY , Ashok Lahoty fought election in 2008 for BJP from Civil Lines.
Significantly the magazine sought to challenge the traditional literary model by refusing to publish to a set schedule. Instead it prioritized quality, with issues appearing only when the editors felt that they had intelligent, well-written and inspirational enough material to publish. The result has been five issues to date, all defined by their eclecticism, intelligence and originality.This publication was largely edited by practicing writers (Rukun Advani, Ivan Hutnik, Mukul Kesavan and later Kai Friese) rather than academics and thus had no defined literary manifesto determining the content .Civil Lines is ultimately a testimony to power of the story to describe, illuminate and make real.
Ravi Dayal, one of most respected publishers, had worked with Oxford University Press as an editor since 1971, before remaining as its Chief Executive Officer in Delhi for several years. After his retirement in 1987, he opened his own publishing company, Ravi Dayal Publishers, and finally started the 'Civil Lines' in 1994, he died on June 4, 2006 at the age of 69 "Written For Ever: The Best of Civil Lines", edited by Rukun Advani and dedicated to Ravi Dayal as well as Dharma Kumar, was published by Penguin Viking, New Delhi, in late 2009.
References.
"This article uses text from the Chimurengal Library under the GFDL"

</doc>
<doc id="18980894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980894" title="Stenoptilia kiitulo">
Stenoptilia kiitulo

Stenoptilia kiitulo is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea. It is found in Tanzania on heights of 2600 to 2700 metres. The species is named after the region of occurrence, the Kiitulo Plateau.
The wingspan is 19–22 mm. The moth flies in November and December.

</doc>
<doc id="18980993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18980993" title="Pselnophorus jaechi">
Pselnophorus jaechi

Pselnophorus jaechi is a moth of the family Pterophoroidae. It is found locally around Mount Meru in Tanzania.
The wingspan is . The moth flies in February, July and December.

</doc>
<doc id="18981023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981023" title="John II of Chalon-Arlay">
John II of Chalon-Arlay

John II, lord of Chalon-Arlay (1312 – 25 February 1362) was a member of the House of Chalon-Arlay. He succeeded his father Hugh I of Chalon-Arlay to this title, and was himself succeeded by his son, Hugh II of Chalon-Arlay.
Life.
His mother Béatrice (1275–1347) was the daughter of the comte Humbert I. Before 1332 he married Marguerite of Mello (House of Mello, daughter of the lord of Château-Chinon and of Sainte-Hermine Dreux IV of Mello, and of Eleanor of Savoy, daughter of the Duke of Aosta and Count of Savoy Amadeus V). With Marguerite he had the following children
In 1361, he remarried to Marie of Geneva, daughter of Amadeus III, Count of Geneva.

</doc>
<doc id="18981034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981034" title="Asaka Station (Saitama)">
Asaka Station (Saitama)

Lines.
The station is served by the Tobu Tojo Line from in Tokyo, with some services inter-running via the Tokyo Metro Yurakucho Line to and the Tokyo Metro Fukutoshin Line to and onward via the Tokyu Toyoko Line and Minato Mirai Line to . Located between Wakōshi and Asakadai stations, it is 14.0 km from the Ikebukuro terminus. Only Semi express and Local services stop at this station.
Station layout.
The station consists of two island platforms serving four tracks.
History.
The station first opened as on 1 May 1914, coinciding with the opening of the Tojo Railway line from Ikebukuro. It was renamed Asaka Station on 10 May 1932.
Through-running to and from via the Tokyo Metro Fukutoshin Line commenced on 14 June 2008.
From 17 March 2012, station numbering was introduced on the Tobu Tojo Line, with Asaka Station becoming "TJ-12".
Through-running to and from and via the Tokyu Toyoko Line and Minatomirai Line commenced on 16 March 2013.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2010, the station was used by an average of 61,358 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="18981090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981090" title="NEP Broadcasting">
NEP Broadcasting

NEP Broadcasting, LLC is a Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania-based privately owned international production company that provides outsourced teleproduction services for major events throughout the world.
Its facilities are used to broadcast the Super Bowl, Academy Awards, Premier League, Emmy Awards, The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, The Colbert Report, FA Cup, UEFA Champions League, Olympic Games, NASCAR, Asian Games, WWE Wrestling, FIFA World Cup, Wimbledon and French Open, Grammy Awards, U.S. Open, British Open, The People's Court, Sesame Street and The Rolling Stones.
It is a limited liability company.
The company was founded by Tom Shelburne in 1984 and was part of Scranton, Pennsylvania television station WNEP-TV (which in turn stood for Northeast Pennsylvania). It was spun off after The New York Times Company bought the station in 1986 from Shelburne. The company took off after it acquired the failing New Kensington, Pennsylvania-based TCS after the companies jointly produced the 1987 Pan American Games in Indianapolis, Indiana.
From 2007 to 2012 it was primarily owned by American Securities.
In December 2012 American Securities sold ownership to Crestview Partners.
Component divisions:
References.
http://www.american-securities.com/News/PressReleases/id=795

</doc>
<doc id="18981122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981122" title="Super-Charged network">
Super-Charged network

Super-Charged network, also known as a Super-Charger network, is a telecommunications term that refers to a particular standardized implementation of a 3GPP 3G telecommunications network. 3GPP has standardized Super-Charger networks in TS 23.116, the Super-Charger technical realization, and defines a Super-Charged network as a ""UMTS network in which the Super-Charger mechanism is being used to optimise mobility management signalling"." 
Background.
A regular UMTS network can be retrofitted to provide Super-Charger support by providing Super-Charger support within each network entity. Once a network entity has been modified to support Super-Charger functionality it is referred to as a Super-Charged network entity. For example, a HLR with Super-Charger functionality would be referred to as a Super-Charged HLR.
In a regular telecommunication network environment, transferring from a previous network to a serving network (i.e. handing off) uses a substantial amount of signalling traffic. For 3GPP networks, when the user equipment (UE) enters the serving network from the previous network, the UE triggers a Location Update request to be sent from the UE to the serving network's VLR. The serving network's VLR passes the Location Update request to the UE's home network's HLR. The HLR then performs two operations: 1) sends a Cancel Location message to the previous network's VLR, in an effort to remove the subscriber's data from the previous network, and 2) sends an Insert Subscriber Data message to the serving network's VLR, in an effort to add the subscriber's information to the serving network. After acknowledgments from the respective VLRs have been received for these steps, the HLR will send a Location Update confirmation back to the serving network, which forwards it to the UE, thereby informing the UE that the location update processing is complete by all parties involved.
However, when the UE jumps back and forth between the previous and serving networks, the signalling overhead resulting from the frequent Location Update messages is substantial and the resulting traffic is burdensome to the network.
Super-Charger functionality.
A solution was implemented with the Super-Charger realization in an effort to reduce telecommunications signaling traffic. The general concept behind the Super-Charger network is that the location registers in any visiting network do not delete subscriber data even after a subscriber leaves their control, by, for instance, exiting their coverage area. This allows the UE to jump back and forth between the networks and, since the previous network, serving network, and home network's HLR are Super-Charged and maintaining copies of the subscriber information, the HLR does not have to re-send the subscriber information or Cancel Location request messages.
Considerations.
Outdated subscriber information is a concern if the UE does not re-enter the previous visiting network after an extended period of time. To prevent out dating of the subscriber data, an age indicator is associated with the subscriber information maintained in all location registers. If the HLR deems that the age indicator in a visiting network is too old, or determines the subscriber's information has changed since the visiting network last received the information, the HLR will send the subscriber data like normal.
If the visiting networks are maintaining subscriber information for all subscribers that enter and then subsequently exit their coverage area, the visiting networks will have to maintain a significant amount of subscriber information. Therefore, visiting networks should implement database maintenance measures to ensure outdated and unused subscriber information is removed. This will free up memory for new subscriber information.
After an HLR receives an Update Location request from a visiting network, the HLR must be able to identify whether the new and old visiting networks are Super-Charged or not. If the old visiting network is Super-Charged, the HLR does not send a Cancel Location message. If the old visiting network is not Super-Charged, the HLR sends the Cancel Location message. If the new visiting network is Super-Charged and has previously received the subscriber information and it is not outdated, the HLR does not send an Insert Subscriber Data request. Otherwise, the HLR will send the Insert Subscriber Data request.
Further signalling traffic reductions can occur by not sending acknowledgements. Typically, when a HLR instructs a subscriber purge (via a Cancel Location message) to a visiting network, the visiting network purges the subscriber information and sends an acknowledgment back to the HLR. The networks can further cut back on signalling traffic by not returning an acknowledgment, and just having the HLR assume the purge was completed. However, since Super-Charged visiting networks can purge subscriber data on their own due to periodic database cleanups, the visiting network register must identify whether the subscriber purge is externally instructed. If the purge is externally instructed, no acknowledgment is returned. If the purge is internally instructed, an acknowledgment is sent to the HLR.

</doc>
<doc id="18981150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981150" title="Osum Canyon">
Osum Canyon

The Osum Canyon () is a river canyon in southern Albania, near the town of Çorovodë. The river Osum, which passes through the town of Berat, flows through the canyon.
The Osumi River canyon is one of the most spectacular natural attractions of Albania. During the spring, high water from melting snow makes it possible to explore the whole length of the canyon from the river. Spring is also the best time to view the many waterfalls in the canyons, which thunder from above as explorers pass below on boats. The rapids are Class II, so one does not need prior white water experience to navigate them. At the end of the summer, when the water is lower, the full length of the canyon is not navigable, but there are various walks with opportunities for swimming in various pools and streams.
The edges of the canyon have an unusual ecosystem that preserves the greenery on both sides of canyon year-round. Mediterranean bushes like heath and briar flourish along with a rich flora and fauna. On the slopes of the canyon, erosion has created pockmarked cavern walls with small caves. Some of the rock formations in the canyon have fanciful names such as the Cathedral, the Eye, and the Demon's Door.
The canyons are 26 km (16 miles) long, at an altitude of 450 m. They are thought to have been formed 2-3 million years ago by water erosion. There are many underground passages and unexplored caves throughout the length of the canyon.
It is generally thought that many years ago the river flowed underground, but over time the rock above the river disappeared, creating the current form of the canyon. In the gulf of this canyon that is passed from Osum river in both its sides, outflow falls from different villages which pass in a rock chain. In the slopes of the canyon, erosion has created a rock chain, one of the rarest found in Albanian canyons.
The local inhabitants tell many interesting legends, such as those of Mulliri i Babait, Vrima e Nuses and Saint Abaz Ali.
The canyon includes six narrow sections ranging from 1.5 m wide in the riverbed up to 35 m wide further up the sides of the canyon.

</doc>
<doc id="18981155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981155" title="List of lakes of Mexico">
List of lakes of Mexico

The following is a list of lakes of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18981162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981162" title="Arènes de Metz">
Arènes de Metz

The Palais omnisport Les Arènes, often abbreviated as Les Arènes, is an indoor sports arena in Metz, France. It is the home venue of the Metz Handball team and the Open de Moselle men's tennis tournament, part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the ATP Tour. Currently the arena has a capacity of 4,500 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="18981189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981189" title="Hugh II of Chalon-Arlay">
Hugh II of Chalon-Arlay

Hugh II of Chalon-Arlay (1334–1388) was the son and successor as lord of Chalon-Arlay to John II. His mother was Marguerite of Mello (House of Mello, daughter of the lord of Château-Chinon and of Sainte-Hermine Dreux IV of Mello, and of Eleanor of Savoy, daughter of the duke of Aosta and count of Savoy Amadeus V).
In 1363 he married Blanche, Dame de Frontenay and daughter of Amadeus III, Count of Geneva. He died without issue and so was succeeded by his nephew John III (son of Hugh II's brother Louis I of Chalon).

</doc>
<doc id="18981190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981190" title="Martin Unrein">
Martin Unrein

"Generalleutnant" Martin Unrein (1 January 1901 – 22 January 1972) was a general officer of the German Army during the Second World War.
Early career.
He joined the German Army in the final stages of the First World War, and was posted to the 71st Infantry Regiment. He was wounded and taken prisoner in September 1918, and released in 1920.
He joined the re-established Reichswehr in the 21st Infantry Regiment, then transferred to the 2nd Cavalry Regiment, reaching Lieutenant in July 1922. In 1928 he became the adjutant of the 7th Cavalry Regiment, and held various regimental posts through the 1930s.
Second World War.
He was promoted to Major in 1938, and served on the staff of the XI Corps, with which he served during the invasion of Poland in 1939. In January 1940, he was appointed to the "268. Divisions-Aufklärungs-Abteilung", the reconnaissance unit of the 268th Infantry Division, which he commanded during the Battle of France. In September 1940, he was promoted to lieutenant-colonel and assigned to OKW.
On 15 September 1941, he was appointed to command "Kradschützen-Abteilung 6" (6th Motorcycle Battalion) in the 6th Panzer Division. The battalion was almost destroyed fighting outside Moscow, and Unrein was court-martialled, but was completely rehabilitated and absolved of all blame. On 28 February, he was awarded the German Cross in Gold, and on 1 April assigned the command of Schützen-Regiment 4 (later Panzergrenadier-Regiment 4) in the 6th Panzer Division, being promoted to Colonel shortly thereafter. In July 1943, during the Battle of Kursk, he commanded the entire division for two days, the divisional commander having died.
Senior command.
On 10 September 1943, he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for his actions in the Fourth Battle of Kharkov. On 29 October of that year, he was appointed to command the 14th Panzer Division, which was shortly to be sent to the Eastern Front, and promoted to Major-General on 1 January 1944. On 26 June 1944, he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, and on 1 July promoted to Lieutenant-General.
He was relieved of command of 14th Panzer Division on 5 September 1944 due to severe illness, but resumed command on 1 December, remaining with the division until 10 February 1945. On 11 February, he was promoted to command the III (Germanic) SS Panzer Corps—a very unusual position for a Heer officer, rather than a member of the Waffen SS, to hold—and remained with the Corps until 5 March.
On 4 April he was appointed to command the newly formed "Clausewitz" Panzer Division, leading them until he was captured on 24 April by an American patrol.
After the war Martin Unrein served in the rank of Lieutenant Colonel as Commander of the 3836th Labor Service Center of the US Army in Becelaere Kaserne in Esslingen am Neckar during the 1950 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18981201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981201" title="Fariba Vafi">
Fariba Vafi

Her first collection of short stories, "Dar Omgh Sahneh" the depth of the Stage was published by Cheshmeh Publishers in 1996 and her second collection, entitled "Hatta Vagti Mekhadeem" While e Are Laughing was published by "Nashr-e Markaz" Publishing co. in the fall of 1999. 
In 2002 Nashr-e Markaz published Vafi's first novel "Parandeye Man" Bird. This novel received the Golshiri award and Yalda award and has had fourteen printings since then and was translated into English by Syracuse University Press in 2009. This novel also was translated into Italy by Ponte 33 publisher in 2010 and into German in 2012 by rotbuch Werlag and into Kurdish in 2011.
Her second novel "Tarlan" was published by Nashr- e Markaz in 2004 and it was appreciated by the board of Isfahan literary award. 
Her novel " The Dream of Tibet" was published by Nashr-e Markaz in 2005. This novel received the Golshiri award and it was appreciated by the Mehregan award. 
Her novel "The secret in the Alleys " was published in 2008 and was translated into French and published by Zulma publisher in 2011 and it was translated into Norwegian.
Her third collection "on the way of vila" was published by cheshme in 2008.
Her last novel "the moon becomes full" and her last collection "all the horizon" are published in 2011. Some of her stories are translated into English, Italian, Turkish, Russian, Swedish and Arabic. Vafi is married and has a daughter and a son. She lives in Tehran.

</doc>
<doc id="18981218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981218" title="Kevin Kennon">
Kevin Kennon

Kevin Kennon (born , Palos Verdes, California) is an American architect. Kennon is the Director of the Institute for Architecture and Urban Studies and is a founding principal of United Architects, a finalist in the prestigious 2002 World Trade Center Design Competition organized by the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation.
Biography.
Kennon is the son of Paul A. Kennon, an award-winning architect who served as dean of the School of Architecture at Rice University. Kennon graduated from Amherst College with a bachelors in literature and pursued architecture studies in The Institute for Architecture and Urban Studies in 1978. In 1988, he joined Kohn Pedersen Fox (KPF) in New York and became a partner in 1996. Kennon left KPF in 2002 and established his office in New York City, and has served as director of The Institute for Architecture and Urban Studies since 2001. 
As a founding principal of United Architects, Kevin Kennon was a finalist in the prestigious 2002 World Trade Center Design Competition organized by the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation. His work has been exhibited widely and is in the Permanent Collection of the Museum of Modern Art. He has received major design awards ranging from the American Institute of Architects, the Architectural League Young Architects Award, and the Progressive Architecture Award. His monograph, “Architecture Tailored” DD Publication #16, was published in 2006. He has taught at Yale University, Princeton University, the Cooper Union, and Columbia University and has lectured at Princeton, Yale, Rice, University of Houston, Amherst College, and the Architectural League of New York.
Kevin Kennon is the Executive Director of the Paul Kennon Memorial Symposium at Rice University, Houston, and Executive Director of the Institute for Architecture and Urban Studies. The Institute is a not-for-profit educational organization that provides an introduction to the culture of architecture. He was also a founder and Chairman of the Beaux-Arts Ball for the Architectural League from 1989-91.
Kevin Kennon Architects.
Kevin Kennon Architects, founded in 2002 by Kevin Kennon, is an architecture and design
firm based in New York City.
They design high-rise office towers, corporate headquarters, large-scale residential development, retail centers, community centers, museums, libraries, master plans, schools and apartments.

</doc>
<doc id="18981221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981221" title="Jangy Addy">
Jangy Addy

Jangy McKinley Addy (born 2 March 1985) is a Liberian decathlete.
He was born in 1985 in Sacramento, California, was raised in Norcross, Georgia and attended the University of Tennessee. His parents are from Liberia and he was eligible to compete for that nation. He served as the flag-bearer for Liberia at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where he finished 20th in the decathlon. 

</doc>
<doc id="18981242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981242" title="List of lakes of Argentina">
List of lakes of Argentina

The following is a list of Lakes in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="18981244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981244" title="David Trotman">
David Trotman

David John Angelo Trotman (born September 27, 1951) is a mathematician, with dual British and French nationality. He was born on September 27, 1951 in Plymouth, Devon, England, a grandson of the poet and author Oliver W F Lodge and a great-grandson of the physicist Sir Oliver Lodge. He is a leading expert in an area of singularity theory known as the theory of stratifications, and particularly on properties of stratifications satisfying the Whitney conditions and other similar conditions (due to René Thom, Tzee-Char Kuo, Jean-Louis Verdier, Trotman himself, and Karim Bekka for example) important for understanding topological stability.
At the age of 16, with Philip Crabtree, he was awarded the Explorer Belt in Izmir, Turkey. They were placed second of the seven winning pairs, out of 41 competing teams who walked 150 miles from near Balıkesir to the coast west of Izmir, via Soma and Bergama, in August 1968, undertaking a dozen set projects as they went.
From 1958 to 1962 Trotman attended Gig Mill School, Stourbridge, Worcestershire, where he was in the same class as Kay Partridge, now Dame Kay Davies. He was educated at King Edward's School in Stourbridge, before entering St. John's College, Cambridge in 1969, where he won the John Couch Adams Essay Prize in 1971 for an essay on plane algebraic curves. He carried out doctoral work at the University of Warwick, and the University of Paris-Sud, Orsay. His thesis, entitled "Whitney Stratifications : Faults and Detectors", was directed by Christopher Zeeman while at Warwick, and Bernard Teissier and René Thom while at Orsay, although Terry Wall and Robert MacPherson were major influences.
After positions at the Paris-Sud and the University of Angers, since 1988 Trotman has been Professor of Mathematics at the University of Provence in Marseilles, France. He has held visiting positions at Aarhus University, the University of Pisa, Cornell University, the University of Hawaii, the Isaac Newton Institute, Cambridge, England, the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute in Berkeley, USA, and the Fields Institute in Toronto, Canada.
Trotman has directed nine PhD theses. Among his research students are Patrice Orro, Karim Bekka, Stéphane Simon, Claudio Murolo, Georges Comte, Dwi Juniati and Guillaume Valette.
His Erdős number is 4.
Trotman was Director of the Graduate School in Mathematics and Computing of Marseilles from 1996 to 2004, and was an elected member of the CNU (the French National University Council) from 1999 until 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18981258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981258" title="Craniophora ligustri">
Craniophora ligustri

The Coronet (Craniophora ligustri) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe, through Northern Asia to Japan.
The wingspan is 30–35 mm. The moth flies from April to September depending on the location.
The caterpillars feed on "Fraxinus excelsior", Common Lilac and "Ligustrum vulgare".

</doc>
<doc id="18981264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981264" title="Vallejo Estate">
Vallejo Estate

The Vallejo Estate, also known as Lachryma Montis, is an historic Carpenter Gothic Victorian architecture style house and grounds located on the corner of West Spain Street and Third Street West in Sonoma, California. General Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo built it in 1851-1852 next to a free-flowing spring and its pool, which had been named Chiucuyem (crying mountain) by the natives and which Vallejo renamed to the rough Latin equivalent Lachryma Montis (mountain tear). On June 29, 1972, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It is also California Historical Landmark Number 4 and is part of the Sonoma State Historic Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18981270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981270" title="Filterheadz">
Filterheadz

Filterheadz are a Techno DJ and producer duo from Leuven Belgium. Formed by brothers Bert and Maarten Wilmaers.
History.
In the mid-1980s, the Filterheadz made their first musical steps by playing in a pop band. Bert played guitar, Maarten was a drummer. Their role models were bands such as U2, The Police and Simple Minds, and still today these influences are audible in their songs.
After a whole series of pop, rock, metal and rhythm and blues projects with rather modest success, they continuously approached the field of electronic dance music through remixes by Roger Sanchez, Masters at Work and David Morales. Therefore their recent productions are strongly oriented towards the American House scene.
In 1998, they were contracted by the Belgian label Headroom Music. After a few publications under various pseudonyms, they decided to opt for the name "Filterheadz". At that time, Jo Casters' attention was raised and he ordered a number of remixes from them. Their interpretation of "Struggle for Pleasure" (Minimalistix) became a club hit. Inspired by Deep Dish and John Digweed, they advanced to progressive trance and with remixes for Hooj and Platypus scored more club hits.
When the Filterheadz were contacted by Intec Records, they produced a Latin Techno track "Sunshine", which was to be played on Ibiza as a summer song. More remix work for Green Velvet, Bedrock, Eddie Amador, Tiësto and Oliver Lieb followed.
After producing the best-selling techno record of the year, they began to search musical diversity again and published their first mixed genre CD "Tribalicious". The first album is in progress and will be a mixture of Electronic Music and Independent.

</doc>
<doc id="18981278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981278" title="1991–92 Slovenian Cup">
1991–92 Slovenian Cup

The 1991–92 Slovenian Cup was the first season of Slovenia's football knockout competition and the last, that was played by the old rules from SR Slovenia. All Slovenian clubs competed in their regional MNZ Cups and eight winners secured their place in Quarter-finals of Slovenian Cup. From there on clubs played by the East/West system to the final.
Quarter-finals.
East
West
Semi-finals.
East
West

</doc>
<doc id="18981292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981292" title="Henrique da Silva">
Henrique da Silva

Henrique da Silva (born June 23, 1972 in Cabo Frio) is a former football defender from Brazil. His most common position in defense was left-back.
Career.
Da Silva started his career at local club Cabofriense before playing for several Paraguayan clubs such as Cerro Corá, Sport Colombia and Cerro Porteño before moving to Argentina where he had brief stints playing for Platense in 1998 and Ferro Carril Oeste in 1999.
Da Silva came back to Paraguay in 2000 to join Olimpia Asunción, where he spent the best years of his career until 2003, winning the Paraguayan championship and two international tournaments (Libertadores and Recopa). He also played in Brazil for Clube Atlético Mineiro.

</doc>
<doc id="18981304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981304" title="Rang Rasiya">
Rang Rasiya

Rang Rasiya is a 2008 Indian drama film based on the life of the 19th-century Indian painter Raja Ravi Varma. The film is directed and co-produced by Ketan Mehta, and stars Randeep Hooda, Nandana Sen and a newcomer Triptha Parashar in the lead roles.
Production.
After his last commercial cinema "" (2005), Mehta chose to make a film on the 19th-century painter, Raja Ravi Varma's life. Incidentally both these movies were based on a subject from the 19th century. His new film is an adaptation of a Marathi writer Ranjit Desai's biographical novel "Raja Ravi Varma". This bilingual in English and Hindi is titled as "Colour of Passion" and "Rang Rasiyaa" respectively. Mehta thought that Varma was the most fascinating artist of that era and his character, persona and paintings fascinated him from his days at Film and Television Institute of India. After reading Desai's novel, he formulated the story of his new film.
When Mehta first met Nandana Sen at her house, he saw two life-size reproductions of Raja Ravi Varma's paintings. This assured him that she was familiar with the artist and his works, and made his job as a director easier. Speaking of the character she was to portray, he said:
"To me, she was the perfect woman to play the muse of an artist who sparked off debates about censorship of art. She has that child-woman quality, which was so much a part of Sugandha's personality."
Speaking about her character, Sen said that "Varma saw in her (Sugandha) the face and soul of a goddess. (For him) she is passionate, possessive and hungry for love." To portray this character, Sen was required to dress and look like a young Maharashtrian woman with long hair, light eyes, waist chain and a nose ring. In addition, she also gained five kilos for the character since she had to look voluptuous. She was helped with her familiarily with the physical patterns in Varma's paintings of women, such as, "the way they tilt their hip, the way they play with their hands. Though the film has a few scenes in which she had to expose, she chose to do it because she thought that the sensitive scene formed the story's basis. Although it was not an easy decision to take, she felt absolutely comfortable while performing the scene. One such scene is a wide angle shot that shows a bare breast of a skimpily clad Sen. Though this scene was aesthetically shot, the Central Board of Film Certification, which regulates the ratings and certification of media in India, objected to it and ordered for a review based on consensus.
Mehta saw Hooda's previous films "Risk" and "D", and he thought that he was a skillful actor. In this film, he played the role of Raja Ravi Varma in two phases — first as a 60-year-old and then as a 20-year-old in a span of 10 days. As a preparation for his role, Hooda tried to learn the basics of painting. He was happy working in the film and said that his acting skills were well-groomed by Mehta's abilities.
Besides Hooda, since Mehta wanted to work with new faces, he introduced a Scottish actress and another from India. Paresh Rawal was also set to play an important role. Triptha Parashar, whom Mehta spotted in an advertisement, was immediately offered the role of a princess without auditioning. Ferena Wazier, who was born to Kashmiri parents in Britain, plays a Parsi girl in the film.
Sangita Kathiwada debuted as the costume designer.
Release.
The film was screened at 2008 The Times BFI London Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18981322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981322" title="Heather Beers">
Heather Beers

Heather Beers is an American actress, voice over artist, and freelance writer. Her two most notable movie roles have been as the title character in "Charly" (a 2002 independent film based on the 1980 Jack Weyland novel of the same title) and as Charity (the lead female role) in "Baptists at Our Barbecue".
Life and career.
Beers grew up in southern California, where she attended Los Amigos High School. Her mother was the director of a community theatre, and Beers took lead roles in many of the theatres productions. Beers received a degree in English from the University of Utah and then worked for many years in a Salt Lake City-based advertising company, while still continuing with her acting career.
Beers has contributed articles to the following magazines: "Entrée Magazine", "Salt Lake Magazine", "Utah Bride", and "Utah Style & Design".
Beers is a Latter-day Saint and is also married with children.
Filmography.
In addition to her acting, she contributed her voice to the 2005 video game Amped 3, as well as for Maverick Country Stores, McCune Masion, RC Willey, Saturday Night Live, The WB, and the Utah Transit Authority.
Not only was she the lead actress in the movie "Charly", she also contributed her professional skills as one of the publicists for the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="18981323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981323" title="Muzaffar Hussain Shah">
Muzaffar Hussain Shah

Syed Muzaffar Hussain Shah () is politician from Mirpur Khas, Sindh, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18981326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981326" title="List of lakes of Vietnam">
List of lakes of Vietnam

The following is a list of Lakes in Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="18981327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981327" title="Stephen of Montfaucon">
Stephen of Montfaucon

Stephen of Montfaucon (1325 – 1 November 1397) was Lord of Montfaucon and Count of Montbéliard from 1367 until his death. He was the son of Henry of Montfaucon and Agnes of Chalon. He married Marguerite of Chalon-Arlay, daughter of John II of Chalon-Arlay, and they had three children:

</doc>
<doc id="18981331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981331" title="National Resource Center">
National Resource Center

The National Resource Center (NRC) Program of the U.S. Department of Education provides funding grants to American universities to establish, strengthen, and operate language and area or international studies centers that will be national resources for teaching any modern foreign language.
Also known as Title VI grants, because the program is formally established in Title VI, Part A, § 602 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (Title VI was originally authorized as Title VI of the National Defense Education Act of 1958 as a response to the launch of "Sputnik I" and the U.S. government’s recognition that a stronger and broader capacity in foreign language and area studies was needed.), these grants support undergraduate and graduate programs that focus on: 
The NRC grants are awarded on a quadrennial schedule, through a competition overseen by the Office of International and Foreign Language Education (formerly the International Education Programs Service) within the Department of Education. The most recent award competition provided funding for the FY 2010-2013 period.

</doc>
<doc id="18981336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981336" title="Kidnapped (film)">
Kidnapped (film)

Kidnapped is the name of several films based on the novel "Kidnapped" by Robert Louis Stevenson:

</doc>
<doc id="18981369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981369" title="Kibby Wind Power Project">
Kibby Wind Power Project

Kibby Wind Power Project is a wind farm on Kibby Mountain.
History.
In the mid 1990s, Kibby Mountain entered the public spotlight when a wind farm was proposed for the mountain and neighboring peaks. The project was subject to much public debate and was revised repeatedly. 
TransCanada Corporation's third proposal, in 2006, was for 44 3-megawatt (MW) wind turbines strung along the ridges of Kibby Mountain and nearby Kibby Range. 
While still opposed by the advocacy group Friends of the Boundary Mountains, other environmental groups including the Appalachian Mountain Club, Maine Audubon, and Natural Resources Council of Maine announced their support for the project in 2007. 
Among other conditions, TransCanada agreed not to develop wind facilities on approximately of land above near the project area.
On January 15, 2008, Maine's Land Use Regulation Commission (LURC) unanimously approved TransCanada's preliminary development plan and rezoning request for . 
The commission rejected another, smaller wind power project on Black Nubble but concluded that the Kibby mountains have "relatively low use by the public, and these mountains have not been designated as having regionally scenic significance."
The LURC gave final approval on July 10, 2008.
The wind farm — at a capacity of 132 MW, New England's largest — is expected to generate about 357 million kilowatt-hours (41 MW·yr) of electricity annually. 
Half the turbines were put online in October 2009, and the remainder in 2010. 
The capital cost of the project has grown to approximately US $350 million. 
An expansion, of perhaps 45 MW, is under consideration. 

</doc>
<doc id="18981378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981378" title="Stories (Mayumi Iizuka album)">
Stories (Mayumi Iizuka album)

Stories (released on July 23, 2008) is J-pop artist Mayumi Iizuka's 12th album.

</doc>
<doc id="18981383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981383" title="David Wilkins (sailor)">
David Wilkins (sailor)

David Wilkins (born 30 April 1950 in Malahide, County Dublin) is an Irish sailor who competed at five Olympics between 1972 and 1992, winning silver in 1980.
He won a silver medal in sailing for Ireland with partner James Wilkinson at the 1980 Moscow Olympics in the Flying Dutchman class. The sailing events took place at Pirita Yachting Club in Tallinn, Estonia.
He is the first Irish sportsperson to compete at five Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18981393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981393" title="Our Lady of England Priory">
Our Lady of England Priory

Our Lady of England Priory in Storrington, West Sussex, England is home to Roman Catholic priests belonging to a Community of Canons Regular of Prémontré, (or 'Premonstratensians') after the place where they were founded in France in 1121. The priests are also known as "Norbertines" after Norbert of Xanten, the Founder of the order. Because of their white habits, another name for members of the Order is "White Canons". The priests follow the Rule of St Augustine.
The land the Priory is built on was granted by Henry Fitzalan-Howard, 15th Duke of Norfolk, and the foundation stone of the Priory Church was laid in 1902 by Cardinal Bourne, Archbishop of Southwark. The Church houses the Shrine to Our Lady of England, the shrine statue being the work of the Austrian sculptor Ferdinand Stueflesser.
The poet Francis Thompson stayed at the Priory after being brought there by Wilfrid and Alice Meynell to recover from opium addiction. He wrote the poem "To Daisy" during his stay. Also, Hilaire Belloc wrote the poem "On Courtesy" on 17 May 1908 after visiting the Priory.
In 2006 the priests of Our Lady of England Priory created a vineyard on land they own in Storrington.

</doc>
<doc id="18981408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981408" title="Grant Jacobsen">
Grant Jacobsen

Grant Jacobsen (born March 4, 1983 in Neepawa, Manitoba) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player, currently playing for the Texas Brahmas in the CHL. Jacobsen began his career at junior level icing for the Regina Pats, playing at Western Hockey League level. In his first season 1998–99, Jacobsen would play in just three games, but would establish himself as a regular player the next season, 1999–2000. In 56 games the young centreman would score 14 points, helping the Pats into the playoffs, where he would manage to score his first post-season points with 2 assists in 7 games.
Jacobsen would stay with the Pats for the next two seasons, 2000–01 and 2001–02 as despite being drafted by the St. Louis Blues in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft, the Canadian would fail to win a contract. Each year his point production would increase though, and each season the Pats would make the playoffs although each time they were eliminated in the conference quarter final. A change would come midway through the 2002–03 season, with Jacobsen moving to play for the Kamloops Blazers, again of the WHL. Jacobsen would continue to be a reliable scorer, totalling 24 points in 29 regular season games for the Blazers. He would re-sign with the Blazers for the season after, and in 71 games would score 51 points, showing his skill as a playmaker. The Blazers would make the playoffs but lose in the conference quarter final.
Jacobsen would move into college hockey for the 2004–05 'lockout' season, moving back home to play for the University of Manitoba at Canadian Interuniversity Sport level. While at University, Jacobsen combined his sporting interests with studying Criminology. During this time, Jacobsen would make the decision to turn professional after being advised by several friends of his. Jacobsen was invited to a training camp with the NHL Calgary Flames, but due to the suspension of all operations for that season due to the lock-out, the camp was cancelled.
This would mean in 2005 that Jacobsen would move to the ECHL and the Reading Royals. He would instantly adapt to the new league and in 59 games would score 41 points, leading to a mid-season trade to the Columbia Inferno. Jacobsen would only play in 9 games for the Inferno, but would help out with 5 points. He chose to stay in the ECHL for the season after, becoming a Johnstown Chiefs player. Jacobsen would not settle well though, and did not live up to his usually high standards, scoring just over 20 points all year.
A new start was called for, and Jacobsen moved to the Central Hockey League, signing for the Texas Brahmas. With his fresh start, the centreman found his scoring touch, managing almost a point per game in a 57 game spell. This would push the Brahmas into the playoffs, where they would win their first Northeast Division championship. Jacobsen would make a dramatic change for the 2008-09 season and chose to play his hockey in Europe for the first time, signing for the EIHL Manchester Phoenix. Jacobsen would only stay for just over a month as in September 2008 he cancelled his Phoenix contract to return to the CHL and the Texas Brahmas.

</doc>
<doc id="18981411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981411" title="BAR 006">
BAR 006

The BAR 006 was a Formula One car that competed in the 2004 Formula One season. The car was driven by Jenson Button and Takuma Sato, and the official test driver was Anthony Davidson. The British American Racing team finished second in the season, 143 points behind Ferrari and 14 in front of Renault F1. The BAR-Honda 006 was officially launched at Circuit de Catalunya, Spain.
2004 Season.
From the onset of the season, the car proved to be very competitive with Jenson Button scoring ten podiums and challenging for victory on many occasions, most notably in Italy. However, despite the car's obvious potential for victory, neither driver scored one during the season.
Despite being arguably the second fastest car on the grid, it was still a long way off the Ferrari that won all but three races of the year. Nevertheless, BAR managed second in the Constructor's Championship after a close fight with Renault throughout the year and Button, who many tipped as driver of the year, scored third in the Driver's Championship behind the Ferrari duo of Rubens Barrichello and Michael Schumacher who scored his seventh World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18981441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981441" title="Mick Murray">
Mick Murray

Mick Murray may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18981457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981457" title="Parkwood (Decatur)">
Parkwood (Decatur)

Parkwood is a small neighborhood in the west section of the Atlanta, Georgia suburb of Decatur and unincorporated DeKalb County. It primarily includes single family residences constructed in the 20th Century. The neighborhood is located between the Adair Park community and Melrose Ave. to the east; East Lake Rd. to the south; Ponce de Leon Ave. to the north; and the CSX railroad tracks to the west Although the neighborhood partially fronts on Ponce de Leon Avenue and East Lake Rd., there are no commercial businesses other than the East Lake MARTA station.
Streets in the community include West Parkwood Rd., East Parkwood Rd., Parkwood Ln., Wimberly Ct. and Upland Rd. The streets are notable for their curvilinear and looped shapes. North Parkwood Rd., located north of Ponce de Leon Avenue, is considered part of the Chelsea Heights neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="18981462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981462" title="CNRS Gold medal">
CNRS Gold medal

The CNRS Gold medal is the highest scientific research award in France. It is presented annually by the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS) and was first awarded in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="18981471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981471" title="USS Shearwater (1887)">
USS Shearwater (1887)

USS "Shearwater" (1887) was a schooner acquired by the United States Navy in 1889. She served the Navy until 1898, when she was loaned to Pennsylvania as a training ship. She remained in service in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, until struck and sold in 1908.
Construction.
The first ship so named by the Navy, "Shearwater", a steel schooner-rigged yacht, was built in 1887 by Hawthorne and Company at Leith, Scotland, and purchased by the Navy on 9 May 1889 from H. R. Wolcott.
Service history.
Training ship.
Loaned to the Pennsylvania Naval Militia on 31 December 1898, she served as a training ship at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Fate.
"Shearwater" was struck from the Navy list on 24 April 1908. She was sold in the Fall of 1908 to Mr. Samuel B. Wilson and delivered to him at the Philadelphia Navy Yard.

</doc>
<doc id="18981476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981476" title="Cryphia algae">
Cryphia algae

The Tree-lichen Beauty "(Cryphia algae)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Mediterranean parts of Europe and the Near East.
The wingspan is 24–30 mm. The length of the forewings is 10–13 mm. The moth flies from July to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various Lichen species.

</doc>
<doc id="18981478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981478" title="Militia Christi (band)">
Militia Christi (band)

Militia Christi is an Italian gothic rock/dark ambient musical project which lyrics, sung in Italian and Latin, deals with Mysticism, Gnosticism, Hermetism, Rosicrucianism, Alchemy, Theosophy, Philosophy, Knights Templar and Freemasonry. They seems to have a very strong connection with the Italian extreme gothic metal band Theatres des Vampires.
The origin of the band and the real name of his members are still unknown. They haven't performed any live since their foundation.
Musical style.
Their music is a mix of Dark Ambient and Gothic rock with some black metal influences.

</doc>
<doc id="18981480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981480" title="John Baxter (director)">
John Baxter (director)

John Philip Baxter (31 Dec 1896-21 Jan 1975) was a somewhat prolific British filmmaker active from the 1930s to the late 1950s. During that time he produced, wrote, or directed dozens of films. He directed Deborah Kerr in her first leading role in "Love on the Dole" (1941), and was the producer-director for the musical-comedy films of Flanagan and Allen during World War II.
Filmography.
Director

</doc>
<doc id="18981493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981493" title="Palo Pinto Mountains">
Palo Pinto Mountains

The term Palo Pinto Mountains properly refers to a specific cuesta-like range of hills in western Palo Pinto County, Texas. The name "Palo Pinto" roughly translates to "painted stick" in reference to the juniper trees of the area. Isolated, rugged, and scenic, the ridge extends some fifteen miles, from near the intersection of Texas State Highway 16 and Farm to Market Road 207 in the southwest, to Crawford Mountain just south of the Fortune Bend on the Brazos River in the northeast.
The Palo Pinto Mountains are located in, and form part of, the , a Level IV ecoregion defined by the Environmental Protection Agency. However, the term "Palo Pinto Mountains" is also used colloquially to refer to a much larger area, essentially the entire portion of the much more extensive located north of I-20. The mountains have been called a northern extension of the Hill Country, and indeed they are both dissected plateaus featuring karst topography with similar vegetation, including Post Oak ("Quercus stellata"), Red Juniper ("Juniperus virginiana"), and mesquite. The smaller Carbonate Cross Timbers also has a limestone substrate, as does the Hill Country, although the surrounding Western Cross Timbers is underlain by sandstone instead.
The high point of the range depends on which definition one is using; if referring to the specific line of hills, the high point is Crawford Mountain at the north end, with an elevation of and about of prominence. If referring to the broader hilly region, however, the highest point is the unnamed high point of Stephens County, at .
Human habitation and access.
Using the broader colloquial definition of the Palo Pinto Mountains, they cover all of Jack and Palo Pinto counties, most of Stephens County, large parts of Parker, Montague, and Wise counties, and smaller portions of Young, Cooke, and Clay counties. This area includes the towns of Bowie (on the northwestern fringe), Graham, Jacksboro, Bridgeport, Decatur (on the eastern edge), Breckenridge, Mineral Wells, and Springtown. It also includes Possum Kingdom Lake and its state park.
Using the strict definition of the Palo Pinto Mountains, the only road that crosses the range is US 180, which enters from the east at a pass known as Metcalf Gap, although State Highway 16 south of US 180 runs adjacent to the eastern escarpment of the cuesta. Speaking of the broader region, however, US 380 and State Highway 114 traverse the area's northern fringes, and US 281 runs north-south through the region; State Highway 59 also runs through the northeastern portion. Numerous Farm to Market Roads, most notably FM 4, also cross the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18981496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981496" title="James Wilkinson (sailor)">
James Wilkinson (sailor)

James Wilkinson (born 28 February 1951) won a silver medal in sailing for Ireland with partner David Wilkins at the 1980 Moscow Olympics in the Flying Dutchman class. The sailing events took place at Pirita Yachting Club in Tallinn, Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18981504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981504" title="Mosesetjane">
Mosesetjane

Mosesetjane village is situated northwest of the town of Mokopane in the Waterberg District of the Limpopo province of South Africa. It is divided into three sections under three chiefs: Chief Kekana of the Kgobudi section, Chief Frans Ledwaba of the Sekgoboko section, and Chief N Lebelo of the Mmalepetleke area.
The population is multiethnic. The dominant languages in the area are Northern Sotho and Northern Ndebele.
This village is boarded to by the following villages to the east and far east: Tshamahansi, Ga-Magongoa, and Ga-Mokaba. To the south Mosesetjane is boarded by Masodi, Moshate, and Madiba. Sandsloot, Mapela, and the Mogalakwena Platinum Mine are found to the north of this village.
This agriculture-rich village has a state-of-the-art clinic based in the "Sekgoboko Zone 2" area, which caters for the entire village; the clinic is conveniently situated next to the road that passes through the village to Mapela Village. Economically, the area is boosted by the neighbouring Mogalakwena Platinum Mine (formerly Potgitersrust Platinum Limited Mine), which employs many members of the community. In recent years, the area has seen an influx of immigrants attracted by the platinum mine.
The village is currently represented in the Mogalakwena Municipality by Councillors Kenneth Kekana (Who represents the Kgobudi area) and Ramashala (representing Malepetleke and Sekgoboko). In late 2010 the Mogalakwena Municipality completed a R2,8 million rands tarred road and storm-water drainage system throughout the Malepetleke section of the village. 
Though some of the roads are tarred, most of the inner roads are somewhat bad.
Education.
The area has three high schools:
It also has three state-of-the-art primary schools:

</doc>
<doc id="18981524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981524" title="Róbert Gunnarsson">
Róbert Gunnarsson

Róbert Gunnarsson (born 22 May 1980) is an Icelandic handball player who plays for the French team Paris Saint-Germain and the Icelandic national team as a line player.

</doc>
<doc id="18981548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981548" title="PlayOn">
PlayOn

PlayOn is PC-based browser and media server software that was brought to market by MediaMall Technologies, Inc. in August 2008 to extend online content to the TV and other devices. PlayOn browses content from various online providers, and displays that content on a TV or mobile device.
PlayOn provides access to more than 55 channels including Netflix, Hulu, Hulu+, ESPN, Pandora Radio, CBS, Comedy Central, Amazon Instant Video, and PBS and over 60 Plugin Channels that users can download and install from PlayOn’s Plugin Channel store. The technology also provides access to personal media files via PlayOn’s My Media channel.
MyMedia is a free media server software application from MediaMall Technologies that allows users to stream personal media to their TVs via gaming consoles, set-top boxes or directly to internet-connected smart TVs. 
MediaMall Technologies introduced PlayLater in September 2011 as a DVR solution for online TV. PlayLater is a PC-based software that records movies and TV shows or movies from websites like Hulu, Netflix, ABC, NBC, and Comedy Central, and allows the content to be played at any time on the user’s computer, mobile phone, or tablet, and without requiring an Internet connection.
Software.
PlayOn.
In August 2008, MediaMall launched PlayOn, a PC-based consumer software product, that acts as a digital media server to compliant game consoles, televisions, and set-top boxes to watch on a television Internet-based videos from content providers such as Hulu, CBS, ESPN, Netflix, CNN, and YouTube.
PlayOn runs in the background on the PC and over the home network. It uses the technology standard Universal Plug and Play (UPnP), as defined by the Digital Living Network Alliance (DLNA), to communicate with networked gaming consoles like the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and many other Internet ready DLNA enabled devices. PlayOn also uses HTTP Streaming to communicate with devices such as Roku, Wii, Wii U, iPad, iPhone, and Android phones and tablets, working both as an internet browser to access online media and as a UPnP media server to serve videos to compliant devices.
MyMedia.
MyMedia is a free media server software application that allows users to stream personal media to their TVs via gaming consoles like the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Wii, set-top boxes like Roku, Google TV and Apple TV (via AirPlay), or directly to Internet-connected smart TVs. The MyMedia Channel is also available for free in the Roku Channel Store. Roku users that have the MyMedia server can stream their local media content through the Roku to their TVs, including movie files, home videos, photo albums and music. MyMedia is a new offering from MediaMall Technologies and was made available to the public on May 22, 2013. 
PlayLater.
PlayLater was introduced to the public by MediaMall Technologies in September 2011, as “the first DVR for online videos.” PlayLater can record streaming content from Hulu, Netflix, ComedyCentral.com, HBO Go and many other popular online streaming sites. Like PlayOn, PlayLater also has an open API which has allowed third party developers to build support for hundreds of other streaming media sources. In September 2012, MediaMall Technologies announced that videos recorded with PlayLater software can be uploaded to Android mobile devices, iOS mobile devices, Windows Phones and Blackberry smartphones. Videos recorded by PlayLater can be accessed and watched without the need for an Internet connection.
Supported Devices.
Windows PC Software.
PlayOn software enables networked entertainment devices, such as HDTV's, networked set-top boxes and digital media receivers, networked game consoles, mobile phones, and tablets to view Internet-based content on the TV or device screen. The technology uses a Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 or Windows 8 PC on a user's home network to stream on-demand video, audio, and image content from the Internet to the PC and then channel it directly to the networked device.
Devices and Network.
In order to use PlayOn directly on a networked entertainment device, PlayOn must either officially support the device, or the device must support a standard technology called Universal Plug and Play (UPnP) as defined by the Digital Living Network Alliance (DLNA). DLNA devices, such as an Xbox360, PlayStation 3, and numerous network ready televisions, use the home network to connect to the PC with PlayOn installed. The device is then able to interact with PlayOn and lets users navigate, select, and view streaming content on that system. Other supported systems use the device's web interface to connect to the PlayOn server. These devices include Roku, Wii, Wii U, iPhone, iPad, most Android phones/tablets, Google TV, Kindle Fire and Nook Color. The customer facing experience is very similar regardless of the networking protocol used.
Content.
Channels.
PlayOn offers over 55 channels including Netflix, Hulu, Hulu +, HBO GO, ESPN, Pandora, CBS, Spike, Comedy Central, BET, Amazon, PBS, Nick, TBS and PBS. Some channels, such as Hulu Plus, HBO GO, Netflix, Amazon Instant Video, ESPN3, MLB.TV, NFL Rewind and others require an active subscription to access.
Plugin Channels.
Plugins for PlayOn allow third-party companies and the open source community to develop feeds to online media content. PlayOn Plugin Channels are created by developers using PlayOn’s open application programing interface (API) and can be downloaded on the PlayOn Plugin Channel Store.
My Media Channel.
PlayOn’s My Media channel allows users to stream personal videos, music and photos from the PC to the TV.
Internet Protocol TV Market.
Though numbers vary, research typically shows an increase in demand for over-the-top content (OTT), as well as an increase in cord cutting trends.
ABI Research estimates that by 2017 OTT revenue will quadruple to $32 billion, up from $8.2 billion in 2012, and with increased focus on experience through multiple devices. ABI Research says, “Connected consumer electronics and mobile/portable devices in particular present additional consumer touch points and enable more creative ways to connect or interact with consumers. These devices are capturing more of our attention as many consumers claim to multitask while watching TV. Finding new ways to better engage consumers through OTT experiences, therefore, will prove increasingly important as consumers adopt new viewing behaviors.”
As for cord cutting, the Convergence Consulting Group Ltd estimates that 2.65 million cable subscribers ditched their services between 2008 and 2011, with about 1.5 million of those happening in 2011.
Nielson Media Research reports a 22.8 percent increase in cord-cutters from 2011 to 2012, and estimates that 4.5 percent of television-owning homes are picking streaming over cable.
In August 2012, DirecTV Group reported a quarterly customer loss for the first time, with 52,000 homes dropping the service in Q2, 2012. According to Yinka Adegoke at Reuters, “That was more than analysts expected from a company long seen as the best run video provider in the industry.” Also in Q2, Time Warner Cable Inc. reported losses, with 169,000 customers leaving the service, marking the 10th straight quarter of customer losses.
Some criticize the focus of these reports, however, pointing out that these studies tend to look at television-owning households and people who have cancelled their cable services while ignoring the “cord nevers,” or people who have never subscribed to cable services. According to Rebecca Greenfield of Atlantic, “The cord-cutting numbers don't count people who have never subscribed to cable, as the stats usually look at people who are canceling subscriptions. People who never bought cable — say, young people living on their own for the first time —won't show up. The anecdotes are out there, but we don't know how much statistical damage these people have done.”
MediaMall Technologies.
Milestones.
MediaMall Technologies, the creators of PlayOn and PlayLater, was founded in 2003 to make it simple, affordable and fun to enjoy movies, TV shows and videos from the Internet on the TV or on the go. The company launched its flagship product, PlayOn, in August 2009 and followed up with its Internet DVR service, PlayLater in September 2011. Most recently, MediaMall Technologies announced the compatibility of PlayOn and PlayLater software with the Nintendo Wii U.
Popular Science honored PlayOn with a 2009 Best of What’s New Award in the Home Entertainment category, Money magazine ranked PlayOn in its 100 Best Money Moves You Can Make Now.
Locations.
MediaMall Technologies operates with offices in New York, Seattle and Copenhagen.

</doc>
<doc id="18981550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981550" title="Ratana Sutta">
Ratana Sutta

The Ratana Sutta () is a Buddhist discourse (Sanskrit "sutra" Pali, "sutta") found in the Pali Canon's Sutta Nipata (Snp 2.1) and Khuddakapatha (Khp 7); with a parallel in the Mahavastu. In the Pali it is seventeen verses in length, and in the Sanskrit version nineteen. The Ratana Sutta extols the characteristics of the three "ratana" (Pali for "gem" or "jewel" or "treasure") in Buddhism: the Enlightened One ("Buddha"), the Teaching ("Dhamma") and the noble community of disciples ("ariya Sangha").
Background.
In Theravada Buddhism, according to post-canonical Pali commentaries, the background story for the Ratana Sutta is that the town of Vesali (or Visala) was being plagued by disease, non-human beings and famine; in despair, the townspeople called upon the Buddha for aid; he had the Ven. Ananda go through town reciting this discourse leading to the dispersal of the town's woes.
Contents.
The Ratana Sutta upholds the Three Jewels as follows:
Use.
In Theravada countries and institutions, this discourse is often recited as part of religious, public and private ceremonies for the purpose of blessing new endeavors and dispelling inauspicious forces.

</doc>
<doc id="18981552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981552" title="Cosmo Campoli">
Cosmo Campoli

Cosmo Campoli (March 21, 1923 – December 15, 1997) was a Chicago sculptor, specializing in strong, surreal bird and egg imagery. He was hampered in later years by bipolar disorder.
Exhibits and Career.
Cosmo Campoli exhibited a sculpture, "The Birth of Death", in the 1959 show, "Images of Man" at the Museum of Modern Art in New York, among other notable artists as Karel Appel, Leon Golub, and Alberto Giacometti.
However, at this time he also became "confused", as he put it, and his bipolar disorder manifested. Unable to keep up a steady pace of work, he nevertheless taught sculpture at the Institute of Design at Illinois Institute of Technology and exhibited with the Chicago Imagists at the Hyde Park Art Center.
Campoli was given a major career retrospective at Chicago's Museum of Contemporary Art in 1971.
He was popular in his home neighborhood of Hyde Park, even having a dish, "Pasta Campoli" named after him at a local Thai restaurant. His bronze sculpture, "Bird of Peace", can be seen near the Murray School in Nichols Park in Hyde Park.
Biography.
Campoli grew up on an Indiana farm near the Illinois border and was from an early age what would later be called an "action" sculptor, literally infusing energy and life into each piece, mainly in clay at an early age. After art schooling he taught at the Institute of Design at ITT Illinois Institute of Technology where he influenced many subsequent artists. His interest was in organic, nurturing, rounded "yen" forms, particularly portraying the spirit of birds, other animals, eggs largely in bronze, clay or stone, or else multi-material objects such as abstracted birdbaths. Most of his extant works are in private collections. His work was at the Alan Frumkin Galleries, though. Although there was some recognition of his work in retrospective survey at Chicago's Museum of Contemporary Art, Cosmo is one of a great many superior modern artists who have fallen between the art-critical cracks and been largely forgotten.
Cosmo the Teacher.
John M. Grzywacz said this about Campoli: "He was a really remarkable man if you were open to a vital life. I took a class with him at the ID in 1955... I remember a project we were to make something sculptural out of found materials... I went searching the streets and came back with pocketfulls of broken glass. I melted the glass in a ladle with an acetalyn torch... after much experimentation I managed to salvage a piece after improvising a cooling system... still the piece was in the ladle... Cosmo looked into my little set up often... In frustration I tried to tap the sculpture out of the ladle. Unfortunately it broke... Cosmo didn't say anything until I got into the class room for the crit... he explained to the class what a dummy I was... not accepting the ladle as part of the piece. It was an important lesson for an 18 year old. I also remember his edible sculpture process which I discovered when I visited the school in 1972."
A. Beardsley said this about Campoli "Cosmo was always the teacher despite how young you were. When I was a child in the late 1970s I would go to Cosmo's house and he would give me glitter,glue,paint,and other interesting objects to adorn his front yard. As a child I felt it was a magical place, and his involvement in my life lead me to the arts. He was always the teacher!"

</doc>
<doc id="18981554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981554" title="Grenfell Cloth">
Grenfell Cloth

Grenfell Cloth was a close-woven cotton twill material used to make outdoor clothing from its creation in 1923 until the late 20th century. It was named for Sir Wilfred Grenfell, a medical missionary in Newfoundland. He asked for a waterproof cloth to be woven to protect himself from the wet and cold weather he encountered in his travels.
The clothing was used in many expeditions.
The cloth was made from 600 thread-per-inch Egyptian cotton by T.Haythornthwaite & Sons Ltd at Lodge Mill, Burnley, UK.

</doc>
<doc id="18981556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981556" title="Siggi Mueller">
Siggi Mueller

Siggi Mueller, also Siegfried Müller, (born October 12, 1964) is a German film composer, photographer, keyboarder, accordion and piano player. Siggi Mueller is considered one of the most renowned German film composers. He composes music for numerous German cinema and TV productions as well as TV series. He cooperates with the most prestigious film directors, media companies and almost all large public and private TV & broadcasting corporations in Germany and Austria.
Siggi Mueller is a full member of the German Film Academy. In recent years Siggi Mueller extended his professional activities into the area of photography, especially in the field of portrait and cultural events photography. Siggi Mueller started his career as a classical piano player at the theatre of the City of Ulm, Germany. Today, the scope of his musical projects on the instruments keyboard, piano, accordion extends from classical music up to live performances in funk, soul and rock bands, e.g. he was member of a Turkish folk band for one year.
Mueller has professionally cooperated with dozens of film directors, on numerous television and cinema projects since 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18981559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981559" title="Kakamas">
Kakamas

Kakamas is a town founded in 1898 and located in the Northern Cape province of South Africa, on the banks of the Orange River.
Originated as at a place where the Orange River could be relatively easily crossed. The spot was first known as Bassonsdrif. In 1898 a proper settlement was established and under the auspices of the Dutch Reformed Church the area was developed as an agricultural spot. It became a municipality in 1954.
History.
The small town of Kakamas was built on the sheer hard work and determination of a couple of impoverished stock farmers at the end of the 19th century. The drought of 1895–97 was followed by an outbreak of rinderpest, leaving many farmers destitute. 
In 1897, the Dutch Reformed Church started a "colony" on the farms Soetap and Kakamas on the banks of the Orange River for white people who had lost everything as a result of the drought.
Ignoring the criticism of qualified engineers about their building methods, the farmers continued to construct the water canals by hand that are still used today to supply the town and surrounding area with water for irrigation. For their efforts, they were each awarded the right to one of the irrigation plots. The men worked extremely hard even taking the yoke themselves, rather than wasting precious time in launching a time consuming search for oxen and donkeys grazing somewhere in the veld.
The exceptional dry piling of the stone along rocky slopes can still be seen today. By dry piling instead of excavating through rock, the farmers were able to cut the overall costs of the canals considerably.
The ingenuity of the workers under the leadership of Japie Lutz is aptly demonstrated in the workmanship at the water tunnels in the northern canal. 
Mr Piet Burger perfected the water wheel that was widely used in Kakamas. This pumping device almost led to a court case about patent rights, when a blacksmith who used to live in Kakamas registered the patent in 1922.
The Commission that ran the "colony" planned ahead and in 1912 building operations on a hydro-electric power station and turbine in the northern canal were started. Ultimately the power station, built to look like an Egyptian temple, generated so much electricity that the Kakamas town management liased with Upington about the possibility of Kakamas supplying this neighbouring town with electricity too!
Thanks to irrigation from the Orange River farmers from the Kakamas area are now prime exporters of table grapes to Europe and England. The region also exports peaches, dried fruit, raisins, oranges and dates.
Name origins.
The name Kakamas was originally given to a drift that was known as Takemas or T’Kakamas since 1779. The name means "place of the raging cow" – probably referring to an incident when a raging cow stormed the Korana while they were herding their cattle through the drift.
To some the town's name originates from the Khoi word "gagamas" (brown), referring to the red clay of the area with which women daub their faces. To most, though, Kakamas is a Korana word meaning "poor pasture".
Today, the name reflects poorly on a fertile valley in the Lower Orange River, graced with vineyards, cotton and lucern fields. 

</doc>
<doc id="18981573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981573" title="Isn't It Time (The Babys song)">
Isn't It Time (The Babys song)

"Isn't It Time" is a song that was performed by the English group The Babys in 1977 and was released on their album "Broken Heart". It was not written by members of the group but by a bass guitarist Jack Conrad along with Ray Kennedy and was presented to the public as a song with a distinctive piano introduction performed by Michael Corby which moves into an opening vocal performance by lead singer John Waite.
The strong vocals of the three Babettes from Andraé Crouch & The Disciples, Lisa Freeman-Roberts, Myrna Matthews and Pat Henderson balance the tone of the song which moves through the decisions a lover has to make "I just can't find the answers to the questions that keep going through my mind" and "losing this love could be your mistake." The lyrics are motivated by Ray Kennedy's love for a French woman that he knew during the writing of the song. The lyrics alone would have a wide appeal, but because they were matched with well established musicianship the song still enjoys popularity and numerous recordings can be seen on YouTube.
The drum work of Tony Brock heralds the chorus featuring the Babettes and the slowhand guitar of Walt Stocker brings the song to a close with the Babettes chorus heard alternatively in the left and right channels "isn't it time", "don't have to wait" a result of the production work of Ron Nevison. The song enjoyed a peak position of #13 on the Billboard Hot 100 as well as #8 on Cashbox and the number one position in Australia in late March 1978.
Legendary English guitarist Robin Trower also recorded a cover of "Isn't It Time" for his 1990 album "In the Line of Fire".

</doc>
<doc id="18981623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981623" title="David Wilkins (disambiguation)">
David Wilkins (disambiguation)

David Wilkins (born 1946) is an American ambassador.
David Wilkins may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18981637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981637" title="John IV of Chalon-Arlay">
John IV of Chalon-Arlay

John IV of Chalon-Arlay or John of Chalon (-15 April 1502) was a prince of Orange and lord of Chalon-Arlay. He played an important role in the Mad War, a series of conflicts in which aristocrats sought to resist the expansion and centralisation of power under the French monarch.
Family.
He was the son of William VII of Chalon and the father of Philibert of Châlon and Claudia of Châlon. He was also the nephew of Francis II, Duke of Brittany and thereby a first cousin to Anne, Duchess of Brittany who would marry two French kings to become their Queen Consort. 
Support for Burgundy.
John incurred the enmity of King Louis XI of France when he supported the interests of Charles the Bold, duke of Burgundy. After the defeat and death of Charles, Louis confiscated much of John's property. John's subsequent attempt to marry Charles's widow to Maximilian of Austria led to his exile from France.
Support for Brittany.
Nephew of Duke Francis II of Brittany, John IV now took an active role in the affairs of the duchy, prompted by Maximilian. An enemy of Pierre Landais, the duke's chief minister, John IV attempted to organise a coup against him, which failed. The duke confiscated his Breton properties. With king Louis now dead, John created an alliance with the new regent of France, Anne of Beaujeu. With her support, he was later able to force Francis to dismiss Landais, who was then convicted of various crimes in a show trial, tortured, and executed. John now became one of the main decision makers in the duchy. He advised Francis to marry his heir Anne to Maximilian of Austria, as a counterbalance to French influence, but the French invaded the duchy. This act of marriage contravened the rights of the King of France to approve Anne's marriage under the treaties which had ended the wars between the Kingdom of France and the Duchy of Brittany. 
John was one of the leaders of the Breton army that resisted the invasion. However, he was defeated at the decisive Battle of Saint-Aubin-du-Cormier (1488). He attempted to play dead, but was identified and captured. He was placed under house arrest, but was released by King Charles VIII, in order to return to Brittany and prevent the marriage of Anne to Alain d'Albret. After the death of duke Francis, John became heir presumptive to the new duchess, Anne. He was a member of the high council, and was appointed commander of Rennes and lieutenant general. John once again attempted to secure Anne's marriage to Maximilian, but the French intervened. John negotiated the eventual marriage between Anne and king Charles, of which he was one of the witnesses. He surrendered his own claim to the duchy for the large sum of 100,000 livres, and was reappointed as lieutenant general of Brittany, a position he held until his death.
Marriages and children.
John's first wife was Jeanne de Bourbon. His second wife was Philiberta de Luxembourg, daughter of Anthony I, Count of Ligny.
John had three children:
Succession.
John IV of Chalon-Arlay died April 8, 1502 at the age of 59. His son Philibert of Châlon succeeded him.
His wife Philiberte de Luxembourg ordered an alabaster tomb from the sculptors Conrad Meyts and Giovanni Battista Mariotto. The tomb is in the convent of Cordeliers Lons-le-Saunier, County of Burgundy. It contains John, his first wife Jeanne de Bourbon, his first daughter Claudia Arguelles, his second son Philibert of Châlon and Philiberte herself.

</doc>
<doc id="18981645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981645" title="Lava Canyon Falls">
Lava Canyon Falls

Lava Canyon Falls drops 200 feet (61 meters) along the Muddy River in Skamania County, Washington.
Formation.
Lava Canyon Falls was formed by the 1980 eruption of Mt. St. Helens, which caused a lahar and flood which scoured out a canyon that had been filled with dirt and mud for 1,800 years. The Muddy River's course was redirected to that canyon as a result of the lahar and the floods, and it drops 1,400 feet (426 meters) in 2 miles (3.2 km). Lava Canyon Falls is the largest, 200 foot sheer drop.
Location.
On the southeast side of Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument at , at 2,440 feet.

</doc>
<doc id="18981653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981653" title="That's Where It's At">
That's Where It's At

"That's Where It's At" is the sixth jazz album by saxophonist Stanley Turrentine, recorded by Rudy Van Gelder for Blue Note Records. It features the first (of only two) collaborations between Stanley Turrentine and pianist Les McCann who would only reunite one more time in 1984 for two tracks on Turrentine's "Straight Ahead". Rounding up the rhythm section is Herbie Lewis on bass and Otis "Candy" Finch on drums. Lewis was in Les McCann's group The Les McCann Ltd. and Finch was in organist Shirley Scott's band who was at the time married to Turrentine. McCann wrote four of the tracks, Turrentine one, and Turrentine's brother, Tommy Turrentine, two. A Rudy Van Gelder remastered edition of the album was released on CD in 2005 with an alternate take of "Light Blue" as a bonus track.

</doc>
<doc id="18981668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981668" title="Cryphia raptricula">
Cryphia raptricula

The Marbled Gray ("Cryphia raptricula") is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. From the Atlantic Ocean to Central Asia. Southward reaching the northern parts of the Sahara desert. In Europe, it is primarily found in Central Europe and South-East Europe.
The wingspan is 29–36 mm. The length of the forewings is 12–14 mm. The moth flies from June to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various Lichen, primarily "Sticta pulmomacea".

</doc>
<doc id="18981673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981673" title="Selling to Seniors">
Selling to Seniors

Selling to Seniors is a news service (or newsletter) published in 
Silver Spring, MD by CD Publications.
Also known as "The 50+ Marketing Report," "Selling to Seniors" reports on advertising to American seniors. It also includes trend analysis and market news.
History.
CD Publications began producing housing-related newsletters in 1961, starting with "Housing Affairs Letter". The company branched out into senior affairs with "Aging News Alert" in 1984. "Selling to Seniors" was begun in 1987, with Jean Van Ryzin as editor. She left the position in 1990 to freelance but returned in the winter of 2001.
In late 1999, CD Pubs bought "The Maturing Marketplace" from Silver Spring-based Business Publishers, Inc., and folded it into "STS", which at the time was edited by Allison Patterson.
Current Coverage.
"STS" covers the marketing of products and services through the Internet, direct mail, print media, radio and TV. It features case studies and reports on demographic trends, plus professional advertising critiques.
Expansion.
In 2007, "STS" was changed to a web-based format and, along with CD Publications' other aging news services, was moved onto the web portal SeniorsNews.net.

</doc>
<doc id="18981720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981720" title="Allah Bukhsh Karim Bukhsh Brohi">
Allah Bukhsh Karim Bukhsh Brohi

Allah Bukhsh Karim Bukhsh Brohi () (popularly known as A K Brohi) was a prominent politician and lawyer from Sindh, Pakistan. He is the first partner, and mentor of famous Indian Lawyer Ram Jethmalani as acknowledged in his authorized biography. He was the High commissioner for Pakistan in India from 1st February, 1960 to 31st March 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="18981725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981725" title="Sigfús Sigurðsson">
Sigfús Sigurðsson

Sigfús Sigurðsson (born 1975) is an Icelandic handball player who currently plays for Valur Reykjavik in The N1 League. He competed at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics, winning the silver medal in 2008.
Personal life.
His nickname is "The Russian Jeep"in Iceland,He is engaged to a Brazilian belly dancer Jozy Zareen and they expect a child . 
http://www.visir.is/trulofadist-magadansara/article/2012121109172

</doc>
<doc id="18981733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981733" title="William VII of Chalon">
William VII of Chalon

William VII of Chalon (died 1475) was a prince of Orange and lord of Chalon-Arlay. He was the son of Louis II of Chalon-Arlay and his wife Johanna of Montfaucon.
He was married to Catherine of Brittany, the sister of Francis II, Duke of Brittany. Together, they had one son: John IV of Chalon.

</doc>
<doc id="18981743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981743" title="Philipp Jakob Riotte">
Philipp Jakob Riotte

Philipp Jakob Riotte (16 August 1776 – 1856) was a German composer who lived primarily in Vienna. In the 1820s, his works were among the most-performed at the Theater an der Wien. He was a contemporary of Ludwig van Beethoven. Very few of his works remain in the active repertoire today.
Life.
Philipp Jakob Riotte was born at St. Wendel (Saarland). He was probably descended from a French emigrant Huguenot family. The earliest records indicate he was expelled as choirboy in his hometown of Sankt Wendel. He studied violin, violoncello and later piano and organ. In 1793 he received his first employment as an organist at a seminar in Trier. In 1794 to 1805 he resided in Blieskastel, the residence of the Imperial counts of Leyen, as well as in Frankfurt am Main and Offenbach. In Offenbach, he continued his studies with the composer and music publisher Johann Anton André. From 1806 to 1808 Riotte was active as a Kapellmeister in Gdańsk and as a chief conductor in Magdeburg.
In 1808, Riotte established himself in Vienna. At first he made a living by giving piano lessons and selling his own compositions. In addition, he was active as a musical correspondent. Between 1810 and 1815, he contributed four "characteristic sound paintings" ("Charakteristische Tongemälde"), which helped establish his reputation. One of these "paintings" was the "battle of Leipzig or the liberation of Germany," a work that found some success across Germany. In addition, he wrote operas and oratorios, and piano reductions and variations of successful operas for the domestic parlour market.
In 1818, Riotte became assistant Kapellmeister to the famous Theater an der Wien, shortly after its acquisition by a group of Viennese court nobles, including Ferdinand Palffy von Erdöd. The new owners decided to change the repertoire of the opera house, and Riotte wrote the music for the some of theatre's new spectacles, including children's ballets. In 1828, Riotte left the Theater an der Wien, shortly after its compelled sale in 1826. Through the 1830s, he composed extensively for the Theater in der Leopoldstadt. With more than 300 performances of his works, Riotte's exposure surpassed that of Ignaz von Seyfried and Mozart, although he remained well-behind the leading operatic composer of the day, Gioacchino Rossini.
Riotte died in Vienna in 1856 leaving no descendants. On account of his attachment with Sankt Wendel, he supported the town and left his estate to endow a local charitable institution.
Compositions.
Around 1823, he composed a variation on a waltz by Anton Diabelli, being one of the 50 composers who contributed to "Vaterländischer Künstlerverein", an anthology that also included Ludwig van Beethoven's "Diabelli Variations".
His compositions also include a symphony (No. 1 in C, Op. 25), a clarinet concerto (Op. 28 in B-flat), and a flute concerto (Op. 4 in G).
There is also a piano concerto in E-flat, Op. 8, and three string quartets, Op. 21.

</doc>
<doc id="18981786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981786" title="Beetsterzwaag">
Beetsterzwaag

Beetsterzwaag () is a village of about 3,650 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. 
Its most famous inhabitant was the Dutch poet J. Slauerhoff, who in May-July 1929 ran the practice of the local doctor, a temporary profession eternalized in a poem by J.C. Bloem printed in the national paper "". Beetsterzwaag is also the birthplace of Hilbert van der Duim, a speed skater active in the 1980s; Van der Duim was twice all-around World Champion, twice all-around European champion, and seven times Dutch champion.

</doc>
<doc id="18981791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981791" title="Non timor domini, non timor malus">
Non timor domini, non timor malus

Non timor domini, non timor malus is the second studio album by the Italian Black ambient/Gothic rock band Militia Christi.

</doc>
<doc id="18981813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981813" title="Louis II of Chalon-Arlay">
Louis II of Chalon-Arlay

Louis of Chalon-Arlay ( – 3 December 1463), nicknamed "the Good", was Lord of Arlay and Arguel Prince of Orange. He was he son of John III of Chalon-Arlay and his wife, Mary of Baux-Orange, and the father of William VII of Chalon.
Louis was very ambitious. He tried to establish his authority in the Dauphiné, but failed. He did manage to extend his territory eastwards, to Neuchâtel and Lausanne. During his attempts to extend his territory, he would sometimes express loyalty towards the King of France, and at other times toward the German Emperor or the Duke of Burgundy. In the end, nobody really trusted him.
Louis was also active in the Netherlands: in 1425, he led an army sent by Philip the Good to support Duke John IV of Brabant in a war against his wife Jacqueline.
Louis also called himself Count of Geneva, claiming it was part of the inheritance he had received from his mother. However, he was never able to realize this claim. The county of Geneva was held by Antipope Felix V. After Felix's death, Louis fought a long battle against the Counts of Savoy for control of Geneva. The struggle ended when the Emperor decided in favour of the House of Savoy.
In his last will and testament, Louis stipulated that his children from his second marriage would take precedence over his children from his first marriage when in the division of the inheritance. After his death, this caused a prolonged struggle between his children and their descendants.
Louis married twice:
Louis II died at his castle at Nozeroy on 3 December 1463. He was succeeded as Prince of Orange by his son William VII.

</doc>
<doc id="18981829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981829" title="Frieschepalen">
Frieschepalen

Frieschepalen () is a village consisting of about 990 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. 

</doc>
<doc id="18981850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981850" title="Antônio de Queirós Teles, Baron of Jundiaí">
Antônio de Queirós Teles, Baron of Jundiaí

Antônio de Queirós Teles (February 1, 1789 in Campinas - October 11, 1870) was a Brazilian politician.
A Baron of Jundiaí of a noble family, he was a delegate of the Provincial Assembly of Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="18981864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981864" title="Anthony Shakir">
Anthony Shakir

Anthony "Shake" Shakir, who also uses the aliases Sequence 10 and Da Sampla, is an American techno producer, best known for his contributions to Detroit techno.
Shakir began producing in 1981, and worked with Detroit musicians such as Derrick May and Carl Craig for many of their early Metroplex releases. Shakir appeared under the name Sequence 10 on the Virgin Records compilation "Techno: The New Dance Sound of Detroit".
While many of his peers on the Detroit scene have worked to increase their profile in Europe, Shakir never gravitated toward this scene, working more closely with the second wave of Detroit techno musicians such as Mike Banks and Claude Young. He formed the labels Frictional in 1995 and Puzzlebox in 1996, the latter with Keith Tucker.
Among Shakir's credits are remixes for Telex and Inner City, as well as co-production of the Urban Tribe's 1998 album for Mo Wax, "The Collapse of Modern Culture".

</doc>
<doc id="18981893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981893" title="John III of Chalon-Arlay">
John III of Chalon-Arlay

John III of Chalon-Arlay was a French nobleman and a member of the House of Chalon-Arlay. He was the son of Louis I of Chalon-Arlay, and the heir of his uncle, Louis's brother, Hugh II of Chalon-Arlay from whom he inherited Arlay.
He married Mary of Baux-Orange, who was the heiress of the Principality of Orange. John thus became Prince of Orange. John and Mary were the parents of William VII of Chalon-Arlay.

</doc>
<doc id="18981899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981899" title="McLaws Circle">
McLaws Circle

McLaws Circle (also known as Mclaws Circle) is a Busch Business Park located adjacent to the Kingsmill development of Anheuser-Busch in James City County, Virginia near the City of Williamsburg. It is managed by Busch Properties, Inc.. 
McLaws Circle was named in the 1970s in honor of Lafayette McLaws (1821-1897), a U.S. Army officer and a Confederate general in the American Civil War. In 1861, then Lt. Col. McLaws oversaw construction nearby of the Williamsburg Line, of defensive works across the Virginia Peninsula which played a crucial role in the Battle of Williamsburg of the Peninsula Campaign of 1862. 

</doc>
<doc id="18981909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981909" title="Patrick Aloysius Alphonsus McGovern">
Patrick Aloysius Alphonsus McGovern

Patrick Aloysius Alphonsus McGovern (October 14, 1872 – November 8, 1951) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of Cheyenne from 1912 until his death.
Biography.
Patrick McGovern was born in Omaha, Nebraska, and later became an orphan. After studying under the Sisters of Mercy, he graduated from Creighton University in 1891 and then entered Mount St. Mary’s Seminary in Cincinnati, Ohio.
He was ordained to the priesthood by Bishop Richard Scannell on August 18, 1895, and did pastoral work in Jackson and Kearney. McGovern was pastor of St. Philomena's Cathedral from 1898 to 1907, during which time he also abolished tuition fees for the parochial school. After the cathedral's demolition, he was named to St. Peter's Church in November 1907.
On January 19, 1912, McGovern was appointed the fourth Bishop of Cheyenne, Wyoming, by Pope Pius X. He received episcopal consecration on the following April 11 from Archbishop James Keane, with Bishops Scannel and Philip Garrigan serving as co-consecrators. McGovern was given an honorary doctorate of laws from Creighton University in 1928, established [http://www.stjoseph-wy.org/ St. Joseph's Orphanage September 1, 1930. In 1971 it ceased being an orphanage and became a Children's home for troubled youth age 6 to 18. Bishop McGoven was made an Assistant at the Pontifical Throne in 1937.
A man of frail health, he spent four months of his first year as Bishop at a hospital, where he received surgical treatment for a stomach ailment, and later suffered a nervous breakdown in 1940, requiring ten weeks' hospitalization. His self-confessed greatest accomplishment during his tenure was increasing the number of clergy servicing the Diocese of Cheyenne; at the time of his arrival, there were only fourteen priests.
McGovern died at age 79, having served as Bishop for thirty-nine years.

</doc>
<doc id="18981955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981955" title="Siyar Bahadurzada">
Siyar Bahadurzada

Siyar Bahadurzada (born April 17, 1984) is an Afghan mixed martial artist currently fighting at Welterweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He has also fought at Middleweight and is a former Shooto Middleweight Champion and has also fought for World Victory Road in Japan.
Early life and education.
Bahadurzada, was born in Kabul, Afghanistan on April 17, 1984. He grew up in a Muslim family in Afghanistan, experiencing the Soviet war in Afghanistan and the Taliban's oppression. After 15 years his family moved to the Netherlands in 1999.
Bahadurzada's grandfather gave him the name "The Killer" when Siyar beat up kids who were older than him at a young age. Siyar began to train under Martijn de Jong at the Tatsujin dojo. De Jong is well respected in the Dutch community as an MMA authority and quickly took Bahadurzada as a student.
Career.
Mixed martial arts career.
Early career.
Bahadurzada trained under the Golden Glory association based in the Netherlands.
A veteran of the Shooto organization, he is the former Shooto Middleweight Champion. Bahadurzada made the transition to Japanese MMA by fighting for World Victory Road on their Sengoku events. He advanced to the semifinals of their Middleweight tournament but lost to Jorge Santiago. 
On August 27, 2009 Siyar successfully defended his Shooto Middleweight Championship title against Leandro Silva in Shooto 13 by way of TKO (punches) in the first round.
Siyar fought and defeated Derrick Noble via first round KO, who was replacing his original opponent Nick Thompson at the Ultimate Glory 2010 event on October 16, 2010. Siyar fought veteran Canadian fighter John Alessio on March 19, 2011, and won his second straight fight by KO. The fight had started out slow for the first minute, until Bahadurzada landed a right hook and followed with a flurry of punches and knees. He won the tournament on May 28, 2011 by defeating Tommy Depret via TKO in the final round.
Siyar then signed a 4-fight contract with Strikeforce, but like many of the Golden Glory team signed to the organization, his promotional debut was delayed. Siyar gave an interview for Strikeforce, which can be heard on his Facebook profile. Bahadurzada waited for a fight from Strikeforce but never acquired a visa. He later commented in January 2011 on the scenario and expressed displeasure, saying he would never fight for the promotion. Scott Coker replied during an interview with Ariel Helwani by saying that Siyar had to first get a P1 visa.
He has trained with fighters such as Alistair Overeem, Fabricio Werdum, Sergei Kharitonov, Gegard Mousasi, Muhammed Lawal, Rashad Evans, Mark Munoz, Jason Miller and other UFC and Strikeforce fighters. 
Bahadurzada left Golden Glory in 2012 citing trust issues with the management. He signed a contract with AMC management and joined the Blackzilians team.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
On September 30, 2011 Siyar announced he had signed with the UFC. He was expected to face Erick Silva on January 14, 2012 at UFC 142. However, Bahadurzada pulled out of the bout with an injury and was replaced by Carlo Prater.
Bahadurzada fought Paulo Thiago on April 14, 2012 at UFC on Fuel TV 2 and won by KO at 42 seconds of the first round, earning him "Knockout of the Night" honors, he became the first man to knock out Thiago. 
Bahadurzada was expected to face Thiago Alves on July 21, 2012 at , replacing an injured Yoshihiro Akiyama. However, on June 1, Alves pulled out of the bout citing an injury and was replaced by Chris Clements. Bahadurzada then himself had to withdrawal from the fight due to a hand injury, and was replaced with Matthew Riddle.
Bahadurzada faced Dong Hyun Kim on March 3, 2013 at UFC on Fuel TV 8. He lost a decision after he was unable to stop the grappling offense of Kim for three rounds.
Bahadurzada was expected to face Robbie Lawler on July 27, 2013 at UFC on Fox 8, replacing an injured Tarec Saffiedine. However, on July 11, it was announced that Bahadurzada also pulled out of the bout and was replaced by Bobby Voelker.
Bahadurzada faced John Howard on December 28, 2013 at UFC 168. He lost the fight via unanimous decision. 

</doc>
<doc id="18981964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18981964" title="Paul E. Koelliker">
Paul E. Koelliker

Paul Edward Koelliker (born March 12, 1943) has been a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) since 2005. 
Biography.
Koelliker was born in Pittsburg, California. As a young man, he was an LDS Church missionary in West Berlin, Germany. He received a bachelor's degree in business administration from the University of Utah in 1969. Koelliker and his wife, the former Ann Neilson, are the parents of seven children.
His professional career was largely spent working for the LDS Church including secretary to the Presiding Bishopric and as managing director of the three church departments (Priesthood, Member & Statistical Records, and Temple departments). He was managing director of the Temple Department from 1997 to 2005, during the large increase in the number of temples built during LDS Church President Gordon B. Hinckley's administration. 
In the LDS Church, Koelliker has been an elders quorum president, bishop, and president of the Salt Lake Hillside Stake. After being appointed to the First Quorum of the Seventy in 2005, he served as Executive Director of the Temple Department and as both a counselor and the president of the Africa Southeast Area. In 2011, he was appointed as an Assistant Executive Director in the Family History Department. In October 2013, Koelliker was released from the First Quorum of the Seventy and designated as an emeritus general authority.

</doc>
<doc id="18982016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982016" title="Sturla Ásgeirsson">
Sturla Ásgeirsson

Sturla Ásgeirsson (born July 20, 1980) is an Icelandic handball player who currently plays for HSG Düsseldorf in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18982021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982021" title="Hemrik">
Hemrik

Hemrik () is a village consisting of about 740 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. 

</doc>
<doc id="18982101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982101" title="Chesterfield by-election, 1913">
Chesterfield by-election, 1913

The Chesterfield by-election, 1913 was a by-election held for the British House of Commons constituency of Chesterfield in Derbyshire on 20 August 1913.
Vacancy and Electoral History.
The seat became vacant following the death of the constituency's Member of Parliament, James Haslam on 31 July 1913. Haslam had been the MP here since 1906. He was the Secretary of the Derbyshire Miners' Association who acted as his sponsor. He had been first elected to the seat as a Liberal or Lib-Lab candidate and once in parliament, took the Liberal whip. Following a decision of the Miners Federation of Great Britain to affiliate to the Labour Party, all miners sponsored MPs were requested to take the Labour whip and contest the following election as a Labour Party candidate. Haslam complied with this request and at both the January and December 1910 General Elections was re-elected as a Labour Party candidate without facing a Liberal opponent.
Kenyon's selection as candidate.
Kenyon was a long-standing official of the Derbyshire Miners' Federation. When James Haslam announced in 1912 that he would not be standing again the Miners decided to nominate Kenyon to succeed him. Haslam died on 30 July 1913 creating a vacancy and a by-election. Although the Liberals had not opposed Haslam in 1906 or in either of the two general elections of 1910 they decided they would contest the next election and had earlier adopted Alderman George Eastwood, the President of Chesterfield Division Liberal Association. The Unionists adopted Edward Christie of Hendon and the Derbyshire Miners selected Barnet Kenyon, then treasurer of their Association and one of its most popular officials to be the Labour candidate. Kenyon's politics however can best be described as Lib-Lab and when Alderman Eastwood declined the Liberal nomination having been taken ill Kenyon soon agreed to be adopted officially by the Liberals too. This decision soon proved problematic for the Miners Federation and for the Labour and Liberal parties. The position was to be referred to the Miners' Federation of Great Britain and the Derbyshire Miners' Association. This apparent return to outright Lib-Labbery was resented by the socialists who appealed to Labour headquarters to intervene. The outcome was expected to be that if the position could not be resolved, Labour would seek to adopt a new candidate to oppose Kenyon.
Liberal compromise.
By 8 August, the Liberals were attempting a compromise, saying they would not formally adopt Kenyon but would rely on his nomination as the Miners’ candidate in the expectation he would take the Liberal whip once elected to Parliament. In return he would be known as the Labour-Progressive member and would have full freedom to speak and vote as he wished on issues affecting mining and labour. This was seen as a climb down by many Liberals to avoid the possibility of the national Labour party putting up a rival candidate. Despite an attack on Kenyon’s conduct in regard to the nomination for the by-election in the publication "Labour Leader", Labour Party headquarters in London was reported to be satisfied with the Liberal Party compromise position, and at this point Ramsay MacDonald announced he would support Kenyon's candidacy. A few days later, Kenyon was being described as the 'Liberal and Labour' candidate in the press but many Liberals in Chesterfield were unhappy at the way he seemed to be ignoring the Liberal side of his programme in favour of labour and mining issues and was apparently refusing to use the word Liberal in his campaign or at his election meetings.
The National Insurance Act controversy.
An issue which had a direct impact on the election was the working of the National Insurance Act of 1911, which came into effect in 1913. This legislation was a key component of the social reforms introduced by the Liberal government after 1908 which also included the first Old Age Pensions. The Act covered sickness, invalidity and unemployment benefits and brought real improvement in getting access to a doctor for poorer patients. However, regulations which the Insurance Commissioners (the body of civil servants responsible for administering the legislation) had introduced were believed to be adversely affecting many patients. The government had decided not to treat medical associations which were friendly societies in the same way as panel doctors, i.e. doctors agreeing to treat patients under the provisions of the Act. Most doctors who took panel patients also continued to treat private patients who paid their own costs. The panel system did not however operate in Chesterfield where the medical association performed a similar role. The decision not to put the association on an equal footing with panel doctors must have seemed to those who had insured themselves against sickness through their medical associations, a deliberate attempt to penalise the friendly societies. It could also have been viewed as an attack on the traditional Liberal concept of self-help. The Chesterfield Medical Association, a local friendly society, which was variously reported to have had 4,000 or 7,000 members many of whom were Liberal voters, were incensed at the new regulations. There was even a realistic prospect of an independent candidate being put up to fight on the health insurance issue, although negotiation with government to gain concessions was preferred and a meeting was hastily arranged at the House of Commons between a deputation from the Chesterfield Medical Association and Lloyd George the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Financial Secretary to the Treasury Charles Masterman. While the threat of an independent medical association candidate receded, resentment remained high and the association members were urged not to vote for Kenyon.
Socialist candidate in the field.
Despite their earlier willingness to accept Kenyon as the Labour representative, the executive committee of the national Labour party at a meeting at their Victoria Street headquarters in London passed a resolution on 12 August 1913 repudiating Kenyon as an official Labour candidate on the grounds that he was not conducting his campaign in accordance with the Labour Party constitution. This decision caused some disquiet to Labour supporters of Kenyon in the constituency as it now seemed distinctly possible that an official Labour candidate would be put up. They were right to be concerned because on 14 August, just two days before close of nominations, a meeting of trade unionists and socialists in Chesterfield voted to put up John Scurr, Chairman of the London District Committee, Dock, Wharf, Riverside and General Labourers' Union to be Labour and Socialist candidate at the by-election. Scurr had fought a Parliamentary election as a socialist before, at South West Bethnal Green in 1911 where he came bottom of the poll by a long margin. He was to contest the same seat again in 1914 and he also fought at Ipswich in 1914. Scurr later became an Alderman on Poplar Borough Council and was imprisoned in the controversial rates case there in the 1920s. He later won a seat on the London County Council and became Labour MP for Mile End.
Ramsay MacDonald in particular had turned against Kenyon. It was reported on 15 August that he had "...virtually declared war on Mr Kenyon and the many trade unionists like him who refused to cut themselves adrift from the Liberal Party." MacDonald had written to Kenyon criticising him for trying to be both Liberal and Labour at once and the Miners' Federation were warned that nominations of candidates like Kenyon was damaging the Labour Party nationally and compromising its existence as an independent party.
Kenyon's political manoeuvrings.
Despite his earlier reluctance to be associated too closely with the Liberal description, it was clear that Kenyon was really an out-and-out Liberal in beliefs and bound tightly to the Liberal organisation in Chesterfield, where the Liberal chairman was the chairman of Kenyon's campaign and the Liberal agent was Kenyon's election agent. He was also claimed by the Liberal Party nationally. On 16 August he got a letter of support from the Liberal prime minister H H Asquith as well as from Lloyd George and the former Liberal candidate Alderman Eastwood spoke for him at his eve of poll meeting. So it seems likely that Kenyon's trying to distance himself from the Liberal Party earlier in the campaign was not because he was ashamed of his Liberal connections or thought they would be damaging to his prospects of election but was rather an attempt to persuade the Labour Party from looking too closely at his real affiliations. On top of this the main motive of the Derbyshire Miners was to elect a man from within their ranks to represent their interests at Westminster. They did not welcome the intrusions into their independence from Liberal or Labour organisations locally or nationally and Kenyon was probably trying to accommodate these sensibilities while obtaining the right levels of support from those best placed to help get him elected.
Labour concerns.
Against the background of the Liberal and Labour electoral truce in the Chesterfield constituency since 1903 and the history of Lib-Lab cooperation since the late 19th century, Liberal and Labour sympathies remained high and it was a fact that the Miners' Federation was filled with men like Kenyon who were working-class Liberals, with links to the party through nonconformity and other radical causes. Labour needed the trade unions as their industrial arm and had to fight hard against their traditional close association with the Liberal Party if Labour were to remain a viable, independent political force. There was a real fear that miners' organisations, particularly in the East Midlands could disaffiliate from Labour and revert to their earlier loyalty to the Liberal Party. At this time it was by no means inevitable that Labour would replace the Liberals as the main progressive force in the British political system, hence the disquiet when candidates like Kenyon wanted to play both Liberal and Labour cards together and as the Liberals maintained their connection with the Labour movement across Derbyshire in the 1910s and 1920s.
Result.
The result of the election was a triumph for Kenyon. He topped the poll with a majority of 2,186 over the Unionist candidate Edward Christie while John Scurr received only 583 votes. 
The result was much better than Kenyon or other commentators had expected and despite all the furore his candidacy had created Kenyon seemed to have been able to appeal to all element of progressive opinion in the constituency, gaining working class mining votes as well the support of middle-class Liberals. Kenyon remained MP for Chesterfield until standing down at the 1929 general election on the grounds of declining health at the age of 76.
The Lib-Lab problem after the by-election.
The dispute between the Derbyshire Miners and Labour rumbled on after the poll. A meeting of the Derbyshire Miners’ Council unanimously passed a resolution critical of the Labour Party stance towards Kenyon’s adoption after it had first been authorised by the party and the Miners' Federation and ordered the resolution be sent to Labour headquarters for an enquiry. By December 1913, "The Times" was reporting that there seemed little prospect of patching up the quarrel between the Miners and the Labour Party and disaffiliation of the Miners’ Federation from the party in the New Year was likely. There was some inconclusive discussion at the Miners’ Federation executive meeting at Southport in January 1914 but the issue flared up again the following month when Kenyon refused to join the independent Labour group in Parliament and formally confirmed that he wished to be known as 'Liberal and Labour'. This action, which might have been anticipated given all that gone on around his candidacy in the by-election, seems to have taken the Derbyshire Miners by surprise (or perhaps presented left-wing elements within the organisation with an opportunity) because they convened a special meeting in response to Kenyon's announcement and were considering calling on him to resign his seat or sever his connections with the union, including giving up the house he occupied as an official of the Federation. According to the press report, the attack on Kenyon was being orchestrated by younger, perhaps more Labour Party oriented members and Kenyon was expected to gain his support from the older officials of the union, presumably those of more traditional and Liberal leanings. The Miners' Federation made their choice between Labour and Liberal soon afterwards when they decided that all future Parliamentary candidates endorsed by the union must fight on strictly Labour lines and while it is not clear if they called on Kenyon to stand down from the House of Commons at that point, it was implicit that they would put up another Miners’ candidate against him at the next election.
Aftermath.
The Labour Party accepted the situation in Chesterfield and despite its initial threats never fielded a candidate against Kenyon.
The success of Kenyon standing as a local miners backed Liberal candidate, had a knock-on effect elsewhere in the country. In 1914 three miners MPs who had first sat in the House as Liberals, before switching to Labour, re-took the Liberal whip. In 1914 at a further two by-elections in mining constituencies, Labour candidates finished bottom of the poll due to miners preferring to vote for Liberal candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="18982161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982161" title="Ballad in Plain D">
Ballad in Plain D

Ballad in Plain D is the tenth track of Bob Dylan's fourth album, Another Side of Bob Dylan, and—at eight minutes, eighteen seconds—the longest song on the album. The song recounts the circumstances surrounding the disintegration of Dylan's relationship with Suze Rotolo. Dylan details the conflicts between himself, and Rotolo's mother, Mary Rotolo, and her sister Carla Rotolo. Critic Andy Gill writes that, in this song, Dylan clumsily idealises Suze Rotolo, while "viciously characterizing Carla as a pretentious, social-climbing parasite". 
The song relates how tension between Dylan and Suze Rotolo came to a head in the last week of March 1964 with a violent argument, in which Dylan and sister Carla shouted abuse at each other. "Beneath a bare lightbulb the plaster did pound/ Her sister and I in a screaming battleground/ And she in between, the victim of sound/ Soon shattered as a child to the shadows."
Andy Gill writes that "Ballad in Plain D" is one of Dylan's "least satisfying" songs because it fails to amount to anything more than a "self-pitying, one-sided account of the final traumatic night of Dylan's long-standing romance with Suze Rotolo". Gill contrasts Dylan's inability to handle such personal material successfully with his ability to "wax lyrical about more abstract philosophical concerns such as the state of society and the nature of freedom".
Clinton Heylin claims that Dylan wrote a rough outline of "Ballad in Plain D" soon after the events. In May 1964, he stayed in the Greek village of Vernilya, working on songs for his next album; there he drew out the material to the lengthy ballad he recorded in June 1964. Heylin writes "It took thirteen cathartic verses to get all this out of his system, without Dylan ever transcending his material. 'Plain D' remains an exercise in painful autobiography." 
In an interview with Victoria Balfour, Suze Rotolo sounded a forgiving note about the song: "People have asked how I felt about those songs that were bitter, like 'Ballad in Plain D', since I inspired some of those too, yet I never felt hurt by them. I understood what he was doing. It was the end of something and we both were hurt and bitter. His art was his outlet, his exorcism. It was healthy. That was the way he wrote out his life, the loving songs, the cynical songs, the political songs, they are all part of the way he saw his world and lived his life, period." 
Dylan, when asked in 1985 if he had any regrets about "Ballad In Plain D", replied: "Oh yeah, that one! I look back and say 'I must have been a real schmuck to write that.' I look back at that particular one and say, of all the songs I've written, maybe I could have left that alone." 
The opening words of "Ballad in Plain D"—"I once loved a girl"—also provided the melody of the song. Heylin states that one of the most familiar song types in the English folk tradition is "Once I Had A Sweetheart" (also known as "The Forsaken Lover"), and that this song gave Dylan his tune. It also resembles the tune of the folk song "I Once Loved A Lass" and the penultimate verse of that song is clearly the model for Dylan's last verse.

</doc>
<doc id="18982180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982180" title="Sverre Andreas Jakobsson">
Sverre Andreas Jakobsson

Sverre Andreas Jakobsson (born 8 February 1977) is an Icelandic handball player. He currently plays for TV Grosswallstadt in the Handball-Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="18982200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982200" title="Cube attack">
Cube attack

The cube attack is a method of cryptanalysis applicable to a wide variety of symmetric-key algorithms, published by Itai Dinur and Adi Shamir in a September 2008 preprint. A revised version of this preprint was placed online in January 2009, and the paper has also been accepted for presentation at Eurocrypt 2009.
A cipher is vulnerable if an output bit can be represented as a sufficiently low degree polynomial over GF(2) of key and input bits; in particular, this describes many stream ciphers based on LFSRs. DES and AES are believed to be immune to this attack. It works by summing an output bit value for all possible values of a subset of public input bits, chosen such that the resulting sum is a linear combination of secret bits; repeated application of this technique gives a set of linear relations between secret bits that can be solved to discover these bits. The authors show that if the cipher resembles a random polynomial of sufficiently low degree then such sets of public input bits will exist with high probability, and can be discovered in a precomputation phase by "black box probing" of the relationship between input and output for various choices of public and secret input bits making no use of any other information about the construction of the cipher.
The paper presents a practical attack, which the authors have implemented and tested, on a stream cipher on which no previous known attack would be effective. Its state is a 10,000 bit LFSR with a secret dense feedback polynomial, which is filtered by an array of 1000 secret 8-bit to 1-bit S-boxes, whose input is based on secret taps into the LFSR state and whose output is XORed together. Each bit in the LFSR is initialized by a different secret dense quadratic polynomial in 10, 000 key and IV bits. The LFSR is clocked a large and secret number of times without producing any outputs, and then only the first output bit for any given IV is made available to the attacker. After a short preprocessing phase in which the attacker can query output bits for a variety of key and IV combinations, only 230 bit operations are required to discover the key for this cipher.
The authors also claim an attack on a version of Trivium reduced to 735 initialization rounds with complexity 230, and conjecture that these techniques may extend to breaking 1100 of Trivium's 1152 initialization rounds and "maybe even the original cipher". this is the best attack known against Trivium.
The attack is, however, embroiled in two separate controversies. Firstly, Daniel J. Bernstein disputes the assertion that no previous attack on the 10,000-bit LFSR-based stream cipher existed, and claims that the attack on reduced-round Trivium "doesn't give any real reason to think that (the full) Trivium can be attacked". He claims that the Cube paper failed to cite an existing paper by Xuejia Lai detailing an attack on ciphers with small-degree polynomials, and that he believes the Cube attack to be merely a reinvention of this existing technique.
Secondly, Dinur and Shamir credit Michael Vielhaber's "Algebraic IV Differential Attack" (AIDA) as a precursor of the Cube attack. Dinur has stated at Eurocrypt 2009 that Cube generalises and improves upon AIDA. However, Vielhaber contends that the cube attack is no more than his attack under another name.
It is, however, acknowledged by all parties involved that Cube's use of an efficient linearity test such as the BLR test results in the new attack needing less time than AIDA, although how substantial this particular change is remains in dispute. It is not the only way in which Cube and AIDA differ. Vielhaber claims, for instance, that the linear polynomials in the key bits that are obtained during the attack will be unusually sparse. He has not yet supplied evidence of this, but claims that such evidence will appear in a forthcoming paper by himself entitled "The Algebraic IV Differential Attack: AIDA Attacking the full Trivium". (It is not clear whether this alleged sparsity applies to any ciphers other than Trivium.)

</doc>
<doc id="18982286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982286" title="Delves Lane">
Delves Lane

Delves Lane is a small village near Consett, County Durham, England, and is not far from the village of Lanchester. There is a village hall, which was constructed in 1925.
Education.
Local schools include Delves Lane Infant School, and Delves Lane Junior School. The two schools have recently joined together and are now Delves Lane Community School.

</doc>
<doc id="18982291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982291" title="FORMAT (command)">
FORMAT (command)

FORMAT is a command-line utility included in Microsoft DOS, IBM OS/2 and Microsoft Windows operating systems to produce disk formatting. 
The command will perform the following actions by default on a floppy drive, hard drive, solid-states (USB), or other magnetic medium. It will not perform this function on optical media.
Optionally, (by adding /S, for "system") it can also install a Volume Boot Record. When this option is included, bootstrap code is written to the first sector of the volume (and possibly elsewhere as well). FORMAT always writes a BIOS Parameter Block to the first sector, with or without the /S option.
Another option (/Q) allows for what Microsoft calls "Quick Format". With this option the command will not do the 2nd and 3rd step, above. Data previously written to the media will not be altered by the command.
If you would type "FORMAT" with no parameters in MS-DOS 3.2 or earlier, it would automatically, without prompting the user, format the current drive, however in MS-DOS 3.3 and later it would simply say "required parameter missing".
Any storage device must have its medium structured to be useful. This process is referred to as creating the file system in Unix, Linux, or BSD. Under these systems the more robust command called "mkfs" exists. It creates many kinds of filesystems including those used by DOS, Windows, and OS/2.

</doc>
<doc id="18982295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982295" title="Aharon Abuhatzira">
Aharon Abuhatzira

Aharon Abuhatzira (, born 28 October 1938) is a former Israeli politician. A former mayor of Ramla, he held several ministerial portfolios in the late 1970s and early 1980s, but resigned from the cabinet after being convicted of larceny, breach of trust and fraud.
Life and politics.
Born in the Tafilalt region of Morocco in 1938, Abuhatzira made aliyah to Israel in 1949. He was educated at the Bnei Akiva yeshiva in Kfar Haroeh, before graduating from a Teachers' Seminary in Jerusalem and receiving a BA from Bar-Ilan University. He went on to work as a high school teacher.
He was elected to Ramla city council in 1969 and in 1972 became its mayor. He was elected to the Knesset in 1977 on the National Religious Party's list, and was appointed Minister of Religions in Menachem Begin's government.
In June 1980 Israel Police began investigating claims that Abuhatzira had received 52,500 shekels from religious institutions in 1978 and 1979 for giving funds to non-existent yeshivas. Although he denied the allegations, stating that they were "provocation and a libel", in December 1980 Attorney General Yitzhak Zamir requested that the Knesset lift Abuhatzira's parliamentary immunity so that he could be charged with bribery.
On 13 January 1981 the Knesset plenum agreed to remove his parliamentary immunity. In protest, Abuhatzira left the NRP and formed his own party, Tami. The party won three seats in the 1981 elections and was included in Begin's new government. Despite the legal case, Abuhatzira was appointed both Minister of Immigrant Absorption and Minister of Labor and Social Welfare. However, after being found guilty on 19 April 1982, he resigned from the cabinet on 30 April, after which fellow Tami MK Aharon Uzan took over his portfolios. He was sentenced to a suspended sentence of four years and three months; thirty months for larceny, eighteen months for breach of trust and fraud by an administrator, and three months for breach of trust by a public servant.
Despite his conviction, Abuhatzira was re-elected in the 1984 elections, though Tami won just a single seat. Towards the end of the Knesset term he merged the party into Likud, and in the 1988 elections, won a seat on the Likud list, but failed to retain it in the 1992 vote.

</doc>
<doc id="18982303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982303" title="Lost World Caverns">
Lost World Caverns

Lost World Caverns, located just outside of Lewisburg, West Virginia, is an underground natural series of caverns. In November 1973, the caverns were registered as a National Natural Landmark as they "feature terraced pedestal-like stalagmites, flowstone, curtains, rimstone, domepits, and waterfalls."
History.
Originally named "Grapevine Cave", the only entrance was a long vertical drop into which farmers used to dump dead livestock and other trash. Virginia Polytechnical Institute "discovered" the cave in 1942. It was surveyed in the 1960s and found to contain over a mile of interconnected passages that reach a depth of 245 feet below the surface. In 1967, the remains of a prehistoric cave bear ("Arctodus pristinus") were unearthed in the cave.
In the early 1970s, a walking entrance was dug out, the trash was removed, walkways were installed and the cave was opened for tourism. In 1981, the gift shop and walking entrance were renovated. Since then subsequent owners have done extensive work on the lighting (making sure it doesn't allow the out-of-control growth of algae that old incandescent lamps cause) and many other cleaning and conservation projects as well as adding a dinosaur museum section to the gift shop.
In 1992, the "Weekly World News" reported that Lost World Caverns was the home of "Bat Boy", and claimed that he was captured by the FBI in the caverns, where he reportedly survived by eating his weight in live insects every day.
Description.
The "walking" tour section of the cave consists of a large chamber (1000 feet long, 300 feet wide, and 120 feet high) with many formations like the Bridal Veil, Goliath, Snowy Chandelier, Ice Cream Wall, Castle and, perhaps the most storied, the War Club, where Bob Addis made it into the Guinness Book of World Records by sitting atop the 28-foot formation for nearly 16 days. In addition to the "walking" tour, one can opt for a rougher guided "wild" tour through the remote sections of the cave, visiting sights like the Angel's Roost, Birth Canal, Keyhole, Glitter Pits, the Hall of the Mountain King and other passages and formations.
Lost World Caverns is a public-accessible cave for those who want to experience and understand the karst topography within the Greenbrier River watershed. Environmental interests such as local schools and the Greenbrier River Watershed Association encourage the public to take educational tours in order to understand the unique relationship between surface water and groundwater. Surrounded by farmland on all sides, the cave interacts with a constant influx of air, water, clastic and other additives and pollutants. As part of Greenbrier County's karst plateau or "Great Savannah" where the average number of sinkholes are 18 per square kilometer, the cave system has much to offer the curious and the ongoing scientist.
There are wooden walkways and the option of wild caving in the deeper "wild" portions of the system. The cave drains into the Greenbrier River at Fort Spring through the Davis Spring, and there is much to be discovered about the underlying aquifers and science behind this drainage. The public tour section contains a stratum of hex (six-sided) stones. Cavers on the Wild Tour are asked to respect the encroaching threat of white nose syndrome in the Appalachian bat population, and perform sterilization protocols with their gear and clothing before they come in.
The site is open daily, except for holidays such as Thanksgiving, Christmas Day, and New Year's Day. Currently, the standard self-guided tour rates are as follows: adults: $12, children 6–12: $6, under 6 free. If planning to visit, one should wear shoes with sufficient tread and dress for a temperature of 52 degrees F.

</doc>
<doc id="18982351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982351" title="Burke's theorem">
Burke's theorem

In queueing theory, a discipline within the mathematical theory of probability, Burke's theorem (sometimes the Burke's output theorem) is a theorem in queueing theory by Paul J. Burke while working at Bell Telephone Laboratories that states for the M/M/1 queue, M/M/c queue or M/M/∞ queue in the steady state with arrivals a Poisson process with rate parameter λ then:
Proof.
Burke first published this theorem along with a proof in 1956. The theorem was anticipated but not proved by O’Brien (1954) and Morse (1955). A second proof of the theorem follows from a more general result published by Reich. The proof offered by Burke shows that the time intervals between successive departures are independently and exponentially distributed with parameter equal to the arrival rate parameter, from which the result follows.
An alternative proof is possible by considering the reversed process and noting that the M/M/1 queue is a reversible stochastic process. Consider the figure. By Kolmogorov's criterion for reversibility, any birth-death process is a reversible Markov chain. Note that the arrival instants in the forward Markov chain are the departure instants of the reversed Markov chain. Thus the departure process is a Poisson process of rate λ. Moreover, in the forward process the arrival at time t is independent of the number of customers after t. Thus in the reversed process, the number of customers in the queue is independent of the departure process prior to time "t".
This proof could be counter-intuitive, in the sense that the departure process of a birth-death process is independent of the service offered. 
Related results and extensions.
The theorem can be generalised for "only a few cases," but remains valid for M/M/c queues and Geom/Geom/1 queues.
It is thought that Burke's theorem does not extend to queues fed by a Markovian arrival processes (MAP) and is conjectured that the output process of an MAP/M/1 queue is an MAP only if the queue is an M/M/1 queue.
An analogous theorem for the Brownian queue was proven by J. Michael Harrison.

</doc>
<doc id="18982362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982362" title="Ítalo Piaggi">
Ítalo Piaggi

Lieutenant-Colonel Ítalo Ángel Piaggi (17 March 1935; San Fernando, Argentina – 31 July 2012, Buenos Aires) was an Argentine Army commander who was involved in the Battle of Goose Green in the Falklands War.
The defending Argentine army forces known as Task Force Mercedes consisted of the Lieutenant-Colonel Italo Piaggi's 12th Infantry Regiment (RI 12) and a company of the 25th Infantry Regiment (RI 25). 
The day after the battle Lieutenant-Colonel Piaggi surrendered all Argentine forces, approximately 1,000 men, including 202 men of the Air Force. He was later drummed out of the army in disgrace. 
In 1986, he wrote the book "Ganso Verde" (a calque of "Goose Green", using the colour green to translate ), where he makes a strong defence of his decisions during the war and criticises the lack of logistical support from the Argentine commander-in-chief in Stanley. He estimates that Task Force Mercedes only disposed 28 per cent of their intended firepower regarding artillery, mortars and heavy machine guns. 

</doc>
<doc id="18982384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982384" title="Frank W. Johnson">
Frank W. Johnson

Francis White "Frank" Johnson (October 3, 1799 – April 8, 1884) was a co-commander of the Texian Army from December 1835 through February 1836, during the Texas Revolution. Johnson arrived in Texas in 1826 and worked as a surveyor for several empresarios, including Stephen F. Austin. One of his first activities was to plot the new town of Harrisburg. Johnson unsuccessfully tried to prevent the Fredonian Rebellion and served as a delegate to the Convention of 1832.
During the early part of the Texas Revolution, Johnson served as the adjutant and inspector general of the Texian Army. During the final assault of the siege of Bexar, Johnson led one of the two divisions which fought Mexican troops and was a member of the committee that negotiated the Mexican surrender. Following the battle, Johnson became commander of the volunteers. In late December 1835, the Texas provisional government named him co-commander of an expedition to invade Mexico. By late January, the provisional government had named several others as heads of the Texian Army, and there was confusion in the army and the general public over who was in charge.
Johnson and his men were surprised at the Battle of San Patricio on February 27, 1836. Most of his men were killed, but Johnson escaped. During the next three decades, Johnson alternately lived in Texas or traveled the United States. He settled permanently near Austin, Texas in 1871 and spent the rest of his life researching Texas history. In 1914, thirty years after Johnson's death, historian Eugene C. Barker edited Johnson's manuscripts into a book, "A History of Texas and Texans".
Early years.
Francis White Johnson was born October 3, 1799 near Leesburg, Virginia. In 1812, he moved with his parents Henson and Jane Johnson to Tennessee. Although Johnson was trained as a surveyor, he returned down a job that would have sent him to what is now Alabama. Instead, he lived in various places in Illinois and Missouri, supporting himself by teaching, serving as constable, or working in a lead mine. He also briefly ran a grocery store and then a lumber mill.
Establishment in Texas.
Johnson contracted malaria in 1826. A doctor advised him to find a more healthful environment, so he and his cousin, Wiley B. White, immigrated to Texas, then a part of Mexico. There, Johnson put his surveying education to use. In 1826 he plotted the new town of Harrisburg. He quickly earned the trust of empresario Stephen F. Austin. When another empresario, Haden Edwards, showed signs of revolting against the Mexican government, Austin asked Johnson and two other men to try to prevent a disturbance. They were unsuccessful, and Edwards soon launched the Fredonian Rebellion, which was quickly put down.
By 1832, Johnson had become the surveyor-general of Austin's colony, and briefly served as "alcade". In late May, Johnson became one of the instigators of the first of the Anahuac Disturbances. He joined a group of citizens protesting military commander Juan Davis Bradburn's arrest of William Barret Travis and Patrick Jack. The settlers were outraged that the arrests did not require a warrant, a statement of charges, or trial by jury. Most were unfamiliar with Mexican law and assumed that the United States Bill of Rights still applied to them. The civilians congregated several miles from the military post at Anahuac and elected Johnson as their commander. The group soon captured Bradburn's 19 cavalry officers, who had been trying to reconnoiter the Texian position. On June 10, Johnson led the men into Anahuac, where they occupied several buildings. After negotiation with Mexican officers, Johnson agreed to release his prisoners and withdraw from the town; Travis and Jack would then be freed. Although most of the rebels left Anahuac, between 15 and 30 of them remained scattered through the town. Bradburn believed this violated their agreement and threatened to fire on the town. The Texians gathered at Turtle Bayou. While they waited for cannon to arrive from Brazoria, the men drafted the Turtle Bayou Resolutions. In this document, they declared themselves federalists who supported rebellious Mexican general Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna. They also decried "the present dynasty" which gave them military order instead of civil authority.
Bradburn had dispatched a messenger to Nacogdoches, requesting the assistance of Colonel Piedras. When Piedras was within of Anahuac, he sent a delegation to Johnson. Johnson provided him with a list of grievances against Bradburn. Piedras agreed to force Bradburn to resign, and to have the civilian prisoners released to civilian authorities.
Shortly after the conflict was resolved, Johnson was elected to the Convention of 1832 as a delegate from San Felipe de Austin, and became the chairman of the Central Standing Committee. In 1835, Johnson, along with Samuel May Williams and Dr. Robert Peebles, were named empresarios for a land grant in Texas. Settlers could claim land if they agreed to serve one year of military service. Johnson did not insist that the settlers actually fulfill their promise, and the land grants were voided in 1837.
Texas Revolution.
As relations soured between Texas colonists and the Mexican government, Johnson began to advocate for war. In the summer of 1835, Mexican general Martin Perfecto de Cos issued warrants for the arrest of Johnson and five other men, all accused of land speculation or attacking Anahuac. Local officials refused to enforce the warrants, and the men were never arrested. All of the men were well respected in their communities, and the warrants greatly angered other colonists. This, combined with news that Cos was leading a large military force to Texas, convinced many colonists to embrace the idea of revolt.
Siege of Bexar.
When the Texas Revolution began in October 1835, Johnson was named the adjutant and inspector general of the volunteer forces, which were led by Austin. Johnson accompanied the army to San Antonio de Bexar, where they initiated a siege. On November 6, Austin reorganized the army, forming a new regiment. Although Johnson ran in the election for commander, he received only 10 votes, putting him fourth. Edward Burleson won, becoming the regiment commander. Two weeks later, Austin resigned as commander of the Texian Army and called an election to appoint the new commander. Burleson won handily.
As the siege progressed, many of the Texians left the army to return to their homes. On December 4, Burleson called a meeting of the troops and suggested that they withdraw to Goliad for the remainder of the winter. As the troops discussed the possibility, a Mexican cavalry officer arrived in their camp and asked to surrender. He explained that Mexican morale inside Bexar was very low. This news boosted the spirits of the Texians, and Ben Milam challenged the men to join him in an assault on the town.
Milam formed the men into two divisions, which would simultaneously attack the empty houses on the outskirts of Bexar. Milam led one division, and Johnson, now a colonel, was appointed commander of the second. Johnson's division numbered 177 men divided into 7 companies. They were guided by Deaf Smith and John W. Smith.
Early on the morning of December 5, Colonel James C. Neill created a distraction by ordering the artillery to fire on the walls of the Alamo Mission. As the artillery boomed, the two attack columns sneaked towards Bexar. Johnson led his men along the San Antonio River, and they quickly charged the Veramendi house. Milam's men took the de la Garza house across the street. Mexican soldiers opened fire, forcing Johnson and his men to take cover behind buildings. Milam's men provided covering fire, allowing Johnson and his men to safely enter the Veramendi house. For the rest of the day, Johnson and his men worked to fortify the Veramendi home, digging trenches and creating earthworks around the yard.
For the next several days, fighting house to house, the Texians gradually closed in on the fortified Mexican positions in Bexar's main plazas. On the afternoon of December 7, Milam came to the Veramendi house to consult with Johnson. As they spoke, a Mexican sharpshooter killed Milam; the sharpshooter was quickly killed by Texian fire. Johnson oversaw Milam's burial in one of the newly dug trenches.
With Milam's death, Johnson assumed command of the battle. He assigned Robert C. Morris to oversee Milam's column of men. The Texians continued to fight their way from house to house, slowly driving back the Mexican troops. The Texian advance had further demoralized the Mexican troops, and a Mexican cavalry company deserted on December 9. Shortly after that, Mexican General Martin Perfecto de Cos sent one of his officers to negotiate a surrender. Johnson served on the negotiating team. The siege of Bexar officially ended when the two sides adopted the surrender agreement on December 11. The Mexican soldiers were set free on the condition that they return to Mexico within six days and not take up arms against the Texians again.
Army command.
With Cos's departure, there was no longer an organized garrison of Mexican troops in Texas, and many of the Texians believed that the war was over. Johnson described the battle as "the period put to our present war". Burleson resigned his leadership of the army on December 15 and returned to his home. Many of the men did likewise, and Johnson assumed command of the soldiers who remained. During this time, the provisional government had created a new regular branch of the Texian Army and placed Sam Houston in charge. Houston was given no authority over the volunteers, however, leaving Johnson as their commander.
In the relative quiet after the Mexican garrison left, Dr. James Grant began advocating an attack on Matamoros. Many of the remaining Texian soldiers approved of the mission and clamored for it to begin. On December 25, Grant traveled to Washington on the Brazos to convince the provisional government to support the plan. The Governing Council agreed, but secretly named Johnson and James Fannin co-commanders of the expedition. On January 3, Johnson and Grant left Bexar, taking with them 300 of the 400 men who had been stationed there. This incensed Colonel James C. Neill, who remained at the Alamo to lead the remaining men. On January 6, 1836, Neill wrote to the governing council:
The Texan provisional governor, Henry Smith, strongly opposed the Matamoros expedition and loudly proclaimed that anyone who supported it was a traitor or an idiot. Smith then dissolved the governing council, which responded by impeaching him. The temporary Texas constitution had given neither Smith nor the council the right to depose the other, and both groups continued to insist that they were the rightful rulers.
On January 10, Johnson issued a call to form a Federal Volunteer Army of Texas which would march on Matamoros. On January 14, Houston arrived in Goliad to take command of the army that Johnson and Grant had gathered. On his arrival he discovered that Grant and Johnson were calling themselves commanders of the army. Houston accompanied the army as it marched to Refugio. Once there, he gave a speech and pointedly asked how this small group of men planned to take a city of 12,000 people. Later that day, Houston received official word that he had been fired and that the council had now placed James Fannin in charge of the army. Houston left in disgust and traveled to East Texas to negotiate a peace treaty with the Cherokee. For the next several months it was unclear who was in charge of the Texian army—Fannin, Johnson, Grant, or Houston.
After Houston's speech, many of the Texian volunteers began to rethink their commitment to the Matamoros Expedition. Many left the army. Others decided to follow the "new" leader of the Texian Army and joined Fannin at Presidio La Bahia in Goliad. Only 70 men remained with Johnson and Grant.
Battle of San Patricio.
Johnson and Grant settled in San Patricio, where they continued to make plans to invade Mexico. In mid-February, Grant took about two dozen men south to catch wild horses. While Grant was gone, Mexican General Jose de Urrea led a surprise attack on San Patricio in the early hours of the morning of February 27. Most of Johnson's men were killed, but Johnson escaped.
Grant was also later surprised by Urrea's army, while they camped at Agua Dulce Creek.
When Johnson received word that Houston was retreating towards East Texas, Johnson became disgusted with the revolution and up and quit. He returned to his home for the remainder of the conflict.
Later years.
The war ended in April, after Texians defeated General Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna at the battle of San Jacinto. For the next three years, Johnson operated a plantation at Johnson's Bluff, along the Trinity River in what is now San Jacinto County. In 1839, facing bankruptcy, Johnson abandoned his family and fled Texas. For the next several years, he wandered the United States, digging for buried treasure or precious metals and trying to sell lands in Texas. His wife, Rozelia, divorced him in 1842. In 1847, he returned to Texas and wooed his former wife again. Her new husband granted her a divorce and Rozelia moved in with Johnson again. They lived together until she died in 1850.
In 1853, Johnson moved to Ellis County. He left Texas in 1860 and spent most of the American Civil War living in Indianapolis, Indiana. He returned to Texas in 1871, living in Austin and Round Rock. For the remainder of his life, Johnson lived as a virtual recluse and spent most of his time researching Texas history. In 1873 he helped found the Texas Veterans Association, and he served as its president until his death.
Johnson died of cancer in Aguascalientes, Mexico about April 8, 1884. The Texas Veterans Association lobbied for funding to have his remains moved to Texas, and Johnson was eventually reburied in the Texas State Cemetery.
In 1912, historian Eugene C. Barker collected Johnson's manuscripts and edited them into a book, "A History of Texas and Texans". The book was published in 1914 and republished in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="18982393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982393" title="2003 Heineken Open – Singles">
2003 Heineken Open – Singles

Greg Rusedski was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Gustavo Kuerten won in the final 6–3, 7–5 against Dominik Hrbatý.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18982411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982411" title="Bianca Perie">
Bianca Perie

Bianca Perie (born 1 June 1990) is a female hammer thrower from Romania. Her personal best throw is 69.59 metres, achieved in March 2008 in Bucharest.
As a junior she was dominant in her field. She won gold medals at the 2005 World Youth Championships, the 2006 World Junior Championships, the 2007 World Youth Championships, the 2007 European Junior Championships and the 2008 World Junior Championships. She also competed at the 2007 World Championships and the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18982419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982419" title="Sara Downing">
Sara Downing

Sara Nicole Downing (born April 26, 1979) is an American actress who has had a starring role in the television series "Dead Last".

</doc>
<doc id="18982430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982430" title="Karl Otto Hunziker">
Karl Otto Hunziker

Karl Otto Hunziker (13 August 1841 - 23 May 1909) was a Swiss professor of pedagogy, pastor, and politician.
Early life.
Karl Otto Hunziker, was born in Zürich to Karl Rudolf Hunziker and Anna Barbara Schinz. This Hunziker family originally came from Bern, but Karl Otto was officially a citizen of Unterstrass.
Professional life.
In 1860, Karl Otto was registered at the University of Zürich, studying in the Faculty of Philosophy until receiving an academic report (Zeugnis) on 26 Jan 1865. K. O Hunziker was a pastor in Unterstrass from 1867–1871, then a teacher at the seminary school of Küsnacht, and a professor and headmaster at the state college of higher education. Karl Otto married Luise Pupikofer 22 Sep 1868 in Bussnang or Wängi, Canton Thurgau, Switzerland. In 1875, Karl Otto Hunziker received his doctorate in philosophy from the University of Zürich. From 1872–1878, Dr. Hunziker was member of the Zürich canton parliament. From 1886–1907 he taught as a private lecturer (Privatdozent) at the Eidgenössische Polytechnikum (today known as ETH Zurich or the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology). In 1890–91, he was also Associate Professor at the University of Zürich. His focus of research was Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi, a Swiss pedagogue; Karl Otto co-founded the Pestalozzianum Research Institute. In 1890, Karl Otto was granted Zürich citizenship. Dr. Karl Otto Hunziker died 23 May 1909 in Kilchberg, Canton Zürich.
Family.
Karl Otto's wife, Luise Pupikofer, was born 2 March 1844 in Weinfelden, Canton Thurgau, Switzerland to Johannes and Sophia (Scherrer) Pupikofer. She died 18 December 1918 in Bischofszell, Canton Thurgau. Children of Karl Otto and Luise were Karl Rudolf (5 February 1870, Zürich – 27 May 1946, Winterthur), Barbara Luise (17 June 1871 – 16 October 1871), Marie Julie (23 Jul 1872 – 30 Jun 1938), and Otto Frederick Hunziker (25 Dec 1873 – 16 Nov 1959).

</doc>
<doc id="18982465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982465" title="Shaw baronets">
Shaw baronets

There has been six baronetcies created for persons with the surname Shaw, one in the Baronetage of England, one in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia and four in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. Two of the creations extant as of 2010.
The Shaw, later Best-Shaw Baronetcy, of Eltham in the County of Kent, was created in the Baronetage of England on 15 April 1665. For more information on this creation, see Best-Shaw baronets.
The Shaw Baronetcy, of Greenock in the County of Renfrew, was created in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia on 28 June 1687 for John Shaw. The third Baronet sat as Member of Parliament for Renfrewshire and Clackmannanshire. The title became extinct on his death in 1752.
The Shaw Baronetcy, of Kilmarnock in the County of Ayr, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 21 September 1809 for James Shaw, Lord Mayor of London in 1805 and Member of Parliament for the City of London, with normal remainder to the heirs male of his body. He obtained a new patent on 14 January 1813 with remainder to his nephew, John Shaw. On Shaw's death in 1843 the 1809 creation became extinct while he was succeeded in the 1813 creation according to the special remainder by his nephew, the second Baronet. However, on the latter's death in 1868 this creation became extinct as well.
The Shaw Baronetcy, of Bushy Park in the County of Dublin, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 17 August 1821 for the Tory politician Robert Shaw. The third Baronet was also a politician. George Shaw, second son of the third Baronet, was a Major-General in the British Army.
The Shaw Baronetcy, of Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 30 November 1908 for Charles Shaw, Member of Parliament for Stafford. The title became extinct on his death in 1942.
Shaw baronets, of Bushy Park (1821).
The heir apparent to the baronetcy is Robert Jonathan De Vere Shaw (born 1988), only son of the 8th Baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="18982468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982468" title="Iryna Novozhylova">
Iryna Novozhylova

Iryna Oleksandrivna Novozhylova (; born 7 January 1986 in Shostka, Sumy) is a Ukrainian hammer thrower. She competed at the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final. Her personal best throw is 71.82 metres, achieved in July 2008 in Kiev.

</doc>
<doc id="18982482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982482" title="Lakhani (Sindhi tribe)">
Lakhani (Sindhi tribe)

Lakhani () is the name of a Sindhi tribe in Sindh, Pakistan. 

</doc>
<doc id="18982490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982490" title="Inna Sayenko">
Inna Sayenko

Inna Oleksandrivna Sayenko (; born 8 March 1982 in Mariupol, Donetsk) is a Ukrainian hammer thrower. Her personal best throw is 70.96 metres, achieved in July 2008 in Kiev. She competed at the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18982507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982507" title="Hernder Estate Wines">
Hernder Estate Wines

Hernder Estate Wines is a Canadian winery located in Niagara Peninsula, Ontario.
History.
The Hernder family is in its third generation of viticulture and is one of the largest family estate winery operations in Canada. Gottfried Hernder emigrated from Germany to Western Canada. In 1939, the family moved to St. Catharines, Ontario, to a mixed fruit farm that included acreage of indigenous grapes. After the passing of his father, Fred Hernder purchased the family farm in 1968, and began the acquisition of others. Fred Hernder began selling grapes, juice, and winemaking supplies to the growing home market as well as wineries.
In the late 1980s Fred Hernder replanted his acreage with classic Vitis Vinifera and French Hybrid varieties. This launched Hernder Estate Wines. The first vintage in 1991 consisted of 7,000 bottles of Vidal. On September 17, 1993, Hernder Estate Wines officially opened to the public.
Current production.
Hernder Estate Wines presently produces more than 25 varieties of V.Q.A. (Vintners Quality Alliance) wines from its of land spread between St. Catharines and Beamsville. Current plantings focus on traditional Vitis Vinifera varieties including Chardonnay, Riesling, Gewürztraminer, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc, and Pinot gris. Other varieties include varieties suited to cool climate such as Vidal, Baco noir and Maréchel Foch. Hernder Estate Wines also produces fruit wines and Iced Fruit Wines, utilizing Ontario fruits. All Hernder table wines are produced from 100% Ontario grapes, and all have attained the V.Q.A. status.
Awards.
Hernder Estate Wines has won multiple awards from competitions such as Toronto Wine and Cheese Show; Ottawa Wine & Food Show; Chardonnay du Monde; Ontario Wine Awards; All-Canadian Wine Championship; Intervin 2003; and Canadian Wine Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18982530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982530" title="Bill Novelli">
Bill Novelli

Bill Novelli is an American businessman. He is the Chief Executive Officer of AARP and co-founder of the Divided We Fail campaign. He is a powerful influence in American politics. He was a featured speaker at the town hall screening of "I.O.U.S.A.".

</doc>
<doc id="18982534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982534" title="Stanbridge Earls School">
Stanbridge Earls School

Stanbridge Earls School was a coeducational independent school located near Romsey, Hampshire, England. Students ranged in age from 10–19. The school catered for both boarding and day pupils.
The main building of the former school is a Tudor manor house which contained the reception and maths department. It is a Grade II* listed building. Facilities at the school included a sports hall, an indoor swimming pool, a theatre and tennis courts. The school was set in grounds covering . 
The school specialized in teaching and helping pupils with dyslexia, dyscalculia, developmental coordination disorder and mild Asperger syndrome. 
Controversy and closure.
The school was investigated by the Department for Education (DfE) following a tribunal which had raised safety concerns after examining the way Stanbridge Earls had dealt with historic claims that a 15-year old girl pupil had been allegedly raped twice by other pupils and a 12-year old girl pupil had been sexually assaulted. The Special Educational Needs and Disability Tribunal (SENDIST) found the school to be "unsystematic, unprofessional, ad hoc and completely inadequate" when it came to protecting the youngsters. An Ofsted inspection report, published in February 2013, said the school had failed to identify how it cared for the needs of individual students and did not make individual risk assessments "even in cases where the risk of harm that a child poses to others or themselves is known to be high".
A follow-up inspection took place in May 2013. It found that "As a consequence of continuing weaknesses with leadership and governance, children remain unsafe at this residential special school" and that "urgent improvements called for by Ofsted have not been made due to a lack of 'clear and incisive' leadership." A nurse at the school, Angela O'Neill, has been summoned to appear before the Nursing and Midwifery Council at a fitness to practise interim order hearing on 22 July 2013, where an independent panel will look at whether there is an “immediate risk to public protection”.
On 19 June the same year it was announced that Ofsted had taken disciplinary action against some of its own staff after admitting mistakes were made while investigating the school previously. An Ofsted spokesperson said: “We have carried out a review of the inspection history of the school from 2011. It is clear that our inspections could have got underneath what was happening sooner."
Operation Flamborough, an internal Hampshire Constabulary inquiry, was launched to determine whether police involved in previous investigations into sex abuse claims at the school in 2011 should be disciplined. Hampshire Constabulary said they wanted to find out whether any "criminal offences" have been committed against the known victims or other children attending the £39,000-a-year school.
In late-2013 the school was informed by the DfE "that they do not wish the School to continue trading with the existing governance." Two proposals to take over the running of the school fell away and on 2 September 2013 the school announced that insolvency administrators had been called in. In a letter to parents on behalf of the board of trustees, David Du Croz, the chairman, called the move a "very sad outcome". He added that it was a "tragic end to a once great school."

</doc>
<doc id="18982537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982537" title="Queen's Road Cemetery">
Queen's Road Cemetery

Queen's Road Cemetery is a cemetery in Croydon, England. It opened in 1861, and was followed in 1897 by the larger Croydon Cemetery in Mitcham Road. Both cemeteries are now managed by London Borough of Croydon.
Queen's Road Cemetery covers an area of approximately 22 acres (89,000m2) and is in the north of the borough of Croydon, east of Mayday Hospital and west of Selhurst railway station. It has about 50,000 graves and approximately 97,000 burials have taken place since the it opened. The graves are shaded by large trees and landscaped with shrubbery beds.
Opening times:
April-September, 9am-7pm; October-March, 9am-5pm
Address: Queen's Road, Croydon CR0 2PR (no office on site)
History.
Overcrowding and the rise of urban centres in the 19th century made it necessary to establish cemetery plots outside the city limits. In order to cater for poorer members of the public, the Burial Acts of 1852-57 organised local burial boards throughout the country, which had a duty to provide burial grounds where interment would be cheap and decent. The Croydon Local Board of Health was appointed as a Burial Board by an Order in Council on 3 March 1859, and was responsible for establishing Queen's Road Cemetery.
In 1859, following the suggested closure of St John the Baptist (Croydon Parish Church) churchyard by Order of the Council, the Home Secretary approved the purchase of of land for the purpose of burials. St John the Baptist was, by Order of the Privy Council, allowed an extension to continue burials in churchyard until 1860, when Queen's Road Cemetery was to be used for services and interments.
To accompany the chapels a Lodge was also built, which until recently was home to cemetery staff but is now in private ownership.
Croydon Borough Council paid £5079 in 1860 to purchase the land for the cemetery. Approximately were purchased at a cost of £200 per acre, and £8 per acre for a portion of tithes to give the poor (then known as ‘paupers’) a decent burial. The cost of the land, erection of buildings, walls, railings and laying out of grounds was £16,000.
Portions of the cemetery were set aside for Church of England, Nonconformists, Roman Catholic and the Society of Friends burials. Archbishop of Canterbury John Sumner consecrated the first section of the Church of England ground on Thursday 18 July 1861. Dr Thomas Grant, Archbishop of Southwark, blessed the Roman Catholic section on 28 August 1861.
In the first year of opening 63 consecrated burials took place and 20 unconsecrated burials. The approximate population of Croydon at the time was 30,663.
In the south-west corner of the cemetery stands a substantial brick public air-raid shelter.
Persons buried.
Two of the largest purchased areas in Queen's Road Cemetery belong to the Ladies of Mary, sisters from the Roman Catholic religious order. All the brothers of the Christian Schools from 1904-51 lie together in the cemetery as do many of the parish priests of St Mary’s.
Street traders of Croydon have a number of graves within the cemetery known as ‘Surrey Street’ after the local Surrey Street Market.
Admiral Sir Stephen Lushington, 1803-77, Crimean War veteran, captain of and governor of Greenwich Hospital, is buried here.
There are 179 Commonwealth service war graves, of both World Wars, in the cemetery. Hurricane Pilot Flying Officer Peter Carter who fought in the Battle of Britain is also buried in the cemetery.
The parents and sister of Victorian preacher Charles Spurgeon (1834-92) are buried in the cemetery.
Wildlife.
Like many urban cemeteries, Queen's Road provides a good localised habitat for wildlife in an otherwise largely built-up area. There is a wide variety of trees, bushes and shrubs, and a few areas of grass have been set aside to grow wild. Both green and great spotted woodpecker may be seen as well as the more usual jays, magpies, carrion crows, robins, thrushes and blackbirds.
Trees include yew, birch, beech, rowan, several species of pine and a number of blossoming fruit trees.

</doc>
<doc id="18982549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982549" title="A Shout Toward Noon">
A Shout Toward Noon

A Shout Toward Noon is an album by American guitarist Leo Kottke, released in 1986.
History.
"A Shout Toward Noon" is Kottke's first recording on the Private Music label after a three-year sabbatical, largely due to a difficult tendinitis injury in his hand. Due to the injury, Kottke left the thumb and finger picks that helped define his early style behind, and came back with a new sound. The album features somewhat heavier use of electronic synthesizers. Kottke also stated in a "Billboard" story, "I've been taking a break to see what would develop. I also finally learned to read music."
Prior to this release, Kottke composed and recorded the soundtrack for the 1985 Tri-Star Pictures film "Little Treasure". He also composed and recorded the soundtrack for the 1986 film "Fat Guy Goes Nutzoid".
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Richard Foss wrote of the album "Though the opening cuts are typical Leo Kottke instrumentals — bouncy guitar pieces with nods to jazz, folk, and blues — A Shout Toward Noon is dominated by more moody, somber tunes... This isn't to say that there are no bright moments, just that the musical dynamic of this entire album is wider than usual. A Shout Toward Noon is in fact one of Kottke's most intriguing albums, one which amply rewards repeated listening."
Track listing.
All songs by Leo Kottke except as noted. The CD release has a slightly different running order.

</doc>
<doc id="18982566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982566" title="Cat Stevens discography">
Cat Stevens discography

This article lists the discography of British singer-songwriter Cat Stevens. It also includes the albums he has released since he converted to Islam and adopted the name Yusuf Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="18982578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982578" title="Earl Norem">
Earl Norem

Earl Norem (b. April 17, 1924) often credited simply as Norem, is an American artist primarily known for his painted covers for men's-adventure magazines published by Martin Goodman's Magazine Management Company and for Goodman's line of black-and-white comics magazines affiliated with his Marvel Comics division. Over his long career, Norem also illustrated covers for novels and gaming books, as well as movie posters, baseball programs, and trading cards.
Biography.
Norem saw military action in World War II with the 85th Regiment of the 10th Mountain Division. He trained in Colorado and Texas, and fought the Germans in the Northern Apennine Mountains of Italy. By age 20, Norem was a squad leader and staff sergeant who in the Italian Campaign fought alongside famed skier Torger Tokle, whom he had seen ski jumping at Bear Mountain, New York when Norem was 12. Upon Torkle's battlefield death on March 3, 1945, Norem was one of the men assigned to retrieve his body from the mountain. Norem himself later was wounded going into the Po Valley, ending his military stint.
Upon returning to the US, Norem embarked on an illustration career.
Bibliography.
Marvel.
Norem worked on such Marvel projects as "Savage Sword of Conan", "He-Man and the Masters of the Universe Magazine", "Marvel Preview", "Tales of the Zombie", "Monsters Unleashed", "Planet of the Apes", "Rampaging Hulk", "The Silver Surfer", and storybooks featuring Spider-Man and the Fantastic Four.
Norem's Transformers work consisted of four Marvel Big Looker storybooks (published 1984–1986), some of which were later adapted into "read along" storybooks:
Covers and trading cards.
In addition to his work for Marvel, Norem has painted illustrations and covers for the Worlds of Power Wizards & Warriors book series, "Mars Attacks" comics and trading cards, and Charlton Comics' "The Six Million Dollar Man". The U.S. release of the "Wizards & Warriors" series illustrated by Norem included covers in color.
Magazine illustration.
Norem has produced illustrations for magazines such as "Reader's Digest", "Field and Stream", "Ski", "Real West", and "Discover".
Other work.
Norem has also painted movie posters for Conforte Graphics; package designs and artwork for Mego Toys, Mattel, and Hasbro; murals for the Military Museum of Southern New England; and even two New York Yankees program covers.
Personal life.
Norem favors painting in acrylics. Suffering from arthritis, he is retired as of 2005, only painting for his own amusement and for his grandchildren. He said in a 2005 interview, "All the contacts that I had in the commercial art field are either retired or dead, and the younger art buyers don't want anything to do with an 81-year-old artist."

</doc>
<doc id="18982606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982606" title="Boris Orlov">
Boris Orlov

Boris Gerasimovich Orlov (Russian: Орлов Борис Герасимович) (1925–1981) was a Soviet painter. Member of the Soviet Painters Association since 1957. Graduated from Moscow city art studio for disabled. Participated a number of times in Moscow city, republican, all Soviet Union and foreign exhibitions. Paintings are in a number of Russian museums and private collections

</doc>
<doc id="18982608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982608" title="Sir John Simeon, 1st Baronet">
Sir John Simeon, 1st Baronet

Sir John Simeon, 1st Baronet (1756 – 4 February 1824) of Walliscot in Oxfordshire was Member of Parliament (MP) for Reading in Berkshire from 1797 to 1802 and from 1806 to 1818. He also practised as barrister and a member of Lincoln's Inn, and held the offices of Recorder of Reading 1779-1807 and Master in Chancery from 1795 until 1808 when he became Senior Master, and was created 1st Baronet Simeon in 1815.
Simeon was the second eldest son of Richard Simeon (died 1784) and Elizabeth Hutton. His elder brother, named Richard after their father, died early. The third brother, Edward Simeon, was a director of the Bank of England. His youngest brother, Charles Simeon, became a prominent evangelical clergyman. John Simeon married Rebecca Cornwall, daughter of John Cornwall of Hendon House in Middlesex, in 1783.

</doc>
<doc id="18982613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982613" title="Economy of Bihar">
Economy of Bihar

The economy of Bihar is largely service oriented, but it also has a significant agricultural base. The state also has a small industrial sector. As of 2008, agriculture accounts for 35%, industry 9% and service 55% of the economy of the state Manufacturing has performed very poorly in the state between 2002–2007, with an average growth rate of 0.38% compared to India's 7.8%. Bihar has the lowest GDP per capita in India but there are pockets of higher per capita income like the southern half of the state and its capital city, Patna, has per capita income greater than that of Bangalore or Hyderabad. The GSDP today stands at 112,424 Crores Rupees ($21 billion nominal GDP). In actual terms, as of 2008, Bihar state GDP is ranked 14 out of 28 states. Corruption is an important hurdle for the government to overcome according to Transparency International India, which the government has also acknowledged. Since November 2005, a new government led by Nitish Kumar has implemented a number of economic and social reforms. A consequence has been a positive improvement in the economy of the state and also of Patna. For example, in June 2009, the World Bank reported that Patna was the second best city in India to start a business, after Delhi. Between 1999 and 2008, state GDP grew by 5.1% a year, which was below the Indian average of 7.3%. However, in January 2010, the Indian government's Central Statistics Organisation reported that in the five-year period between 2004–05 and 2008–09, Bihar's GDP grew by 11.03%, which made Bihar the second fastest growing economy in India during that 5 year period, just behind Gujarat's growth of 11.05%. Another survey conducted by Central Statistical Organisation (CSO) and National Sample Survey Organisation, under MOSPI, said that Bihar saw 14.80 percent growth in factory output in 2007-08, which was slightly less than the Indian rate of 15.24 percent.
History.
Mauryan.
The Magadha economy, under Mauryan royal government, depended mainly on agriculture and the state owned large farm lands for cultivation. The other income of the state came from the taxes levied on agriculture, land, trade, and industrial products such as handicrafts. Mauryan agriculture had two type of landholdings, one were the Rashtra type of holdings which were the direct descendants of the holdings of the former tribal oligarchies who had been subjugated in pre-Mauryan times. The Rashtra landholdings were independent of the state machinery in their internal functioning and administration. Their only obligation was the regular payment of the Rashtra taxes to the state. The second major type of landholdings were the Sita landholdings. These were formed by clearing forest lands with the help of the tribesmen whose tribal way of 1ife had been systematically and annihilated by the Mauryan statecraft. Rice, Wheat, Coarse grains, Sesame, Pepper, Saffron, Pulses, Linseed, mustard, vegetables and fruits of various kinds and sugarcane were grown. The state owned huge farms and these were cultivated by slaves and farm labourers. Water Reservoir and dam were built during this period and they were measured and distributed. The chief industries were mining, metallurgy, jewellery, pot making, textile. The trade was regulated by the state. Artisans and the craftsmen were specially protected by the state and any offences against them were severely punished. Guilds were powerful institutions during this period and they provided economic, political and judicial powers to craftsmen. The chief of the guild was called Jesthaka. A few guilds issued their own coins. These guilds also made donations to learned brahmans and to the destitute. The Mauryan empire supplied western countries with Indigo and other medicinal substances, cotton, silk. Trade was carried out in both land and sea. Godowns, Warehouses were built and special provisions were made to protect the trade routes. The state controlled the weights and measures.
Islamic.
In the 1540s Sher Shah, the ruler of Bihar and northern India, introduced measures that included laws to ensure that peasants were not cheated and that all were treated equally irrespective of religion and class. Sher Shah built the Grand Trunk Road stretching from Bengal to Peshawar, which is in use even today. He introduced a coin named rupia, to which the modern Indian Rupee system can be traced and also introduced the levy of custom duties. The empire stretched from Bengal in the east to Indus in the west. Sher Shah divided his empire into 47 sarkars which were further subdivided into parganas for ease of administration. The reforms were an indication of the economic sophistication of the Bihar region during Muslim government.
Congress.
1947 - 1979
The sugar and vegetable oil industries were flourishing sectors of undivided Bihar. Until the mid fifties, 25% of India's sugar output was from Bihar. Dalmianagar was a large agro - industrial town. There have been attempts to industrialize the northern half of the state between 1950 and 1980: an oil refinery in Barauni, a motor scooter plant at Fatuha, and a power plant at Muzaffarpur. There are many factors behind the economic decline of Bihar. Many in Bihar blame the freight equalisation scheme, poor political vision, under-investments in the key sectors of agriculture, infrastructure and education. Others view cultural and political factors as reasons behind economic decline, especially in the 1980s and 1990s. The government, between 1947–2000, supported the industrialisation of the southern half of the state rather than the north was the major cause of the lack of industrialisation in north Bihar. The undivided Bihar government developed important industrial cities like Bokaro, Jamshedpur, Dhanbad, and Ranchi in the south. The north remained the agricultural heart of the undivided state. The two regions complimented each other.
1980 - 1989
Indian government data form 1980 to 1990 ("see Economic Indicators below") also show that the GSDP of the undivided Bihar grew by 72% in this period despite the socio-economic prooblems of the state. The data also shows that the state GSDP grew by 49% between 1980–1985, which means that the economy was one of the fastest growing in the country during the early 1980s as well. In 1980 undivided Bihar had a population of 70 million. In the 1980s, the five-year plan called for $4 billion in investment in Bihar. By 1987, the $4 billion translated into $12 investment per person. Economists claimed that a huge budget deficit is spurring inflation, eroding the standard of living of the poorest sections of the people of Bihar. In agriculture, the largest sector, the government failed to invest in the production of agriculture and instead opted to import food grains from other parts of India. This decision helped facilitate problems faced by agricultural workers in the late 1980s and paved for the victory of Lalu Prasad in 1989.
Collapse.
1990 - 2005
Caste and Criminalisation
The Rashtriya Janata Dal leader, Lalu Prasad's, support of social justice ensured that politics was dominated by Mandal politics and caste rather than development during this period. Also, the criminalisation of politics during this time created a business unfriendly climate and contributed to the economic collapse. The biggest crisis business faced was with organised kidnapping, which the local BJP leaders claimed was linked to the ruling RJD. The resulting crisis led to a flight of capital, middle class professionals, and business leaders to other parts of India. The flight of business and capital increased unemployment and this led to the mass migration of Bihari farmers and unemployed youth to more developed states of India.
Non RJD Factors
Bihar's share of revenue from the Central pool declined by Rs.5,000 crores as the Centre's revenue collection had gone down. This, coupled with the fact that the government failed to get its plan allocation released because it could not contribute the matching non-plan grant, aggravated the financial crisis. The division of Bihar in 2000, when the industrially advanced and mineral-rich southern-half of the state was carved out to form the separate state of Jharkhand, had a strong impact on development in the north mainly through a loss of revenue. Divided Bihar produces 60% of the output of the undivided Bihar.
Economic Indicators under the RJD
In the non-agricultural sector, the growth rate in Bihar was 6.62% against 6.61% for India as a whole during the 1980s. During the 1990s when the growth rate in Bihar was 3.19%, while for India it rose to 7.25%. This change was reflected in the per capita income as well. Per capita income in Bihar grew by 2.45% during the 1980s, against 3.32% per cent in India as a whole. In the 1990s, per capita income grew by 0.12% per cent in Bihar, as against 4.08% per cent in India. The growth rate in agriculture was 2.21% during the 1980s against India's 3.38%, during the 1990s it was 2.35% in Bihar while at the all-India it stood at 3.14%. The economic indicators ("see below") shows that there was a serious recession between 1990–1995, which resulted in an employment-development-crime crisis between 1995-2004.
Current.
Nitish Kumar.
The NDA Government, and Chief Minister Nitish Kumar, has made 'development with justice' an aim of the state. The Finance Ministry has given priority to create investment opportunities for big industrial houses like Reliance. Improvements in law and order, with a more proactive bureaucracy has led to a gradual improvement in the economy of the state. NDTV dubbed this as the "Quiet Transformation". In January 2009, Nitish Kumar was awarded the CNN IBN Indian Politician of the Year award for helping put Bihar on the sustainable development and growth track. Again in January 2009, the ASSOCHAM Investment Meter stated that the private sector invested over Rs 304 crore in Bihar during the third quarter of 2008.
Policies.
After November 2005, the government of Bihar has introduced several laws, which it hopes, will provide a positive contribution to the future development of the state's industries.
2006
2007
Improvements and Investments.
Roads Construction and Investment
The government is working on the expressway from the Purvanchal border through Bihar to Jharkhand, and has also decided to expand the state highway from Patna to Muzaffarpur from its current poor one lane to a four lane expressway. The central government funded north-east corridor expressway will run through the northern part of the state making the north better connected with the rest of India. The state now spends (2007–2008) Rs 2,222.08 crore on roads, compared with Rs 51.2 crore between 2003-2004. In September 2008, $420 Million (USD) loan from the Asian Development Bank (ADB) was provided to the government to improve nine state highways. The loan would be used to convert nine state highways into double-lane roads covering a total stretch of 820 kilometres. The governments aim is to convert these roads into double-lane traffic corridors as per international standards and bids have been invited for the conversion of these roads in accordance with international bidding procedures. The ADB had also given its consent for development of 1,500-kilometre stretch of state highways into two-lane roads as per international standards under Bihar State Highways Project (BSHP). BSHP will be executed in two phases. The nine roads have been included in its first phase. World Bank India Director Onno Ruhl has said that the Bank would double up its assistance to Bihar from current $500 Billion, in next couple of years. 
Mobile Phone Growth
Bihar also has the largest growing mobile phone market in India. Bihar registered the maximum increase in annual telecom subscribers, marking a growth of 88.2 per cent in the fiscal 2007-08 as compared to the 51.1 per cent in 2006-07. The total number of mobile phones in Bihar increased from 57,73,370 in 2006-07 to 108,69,459 in 2007-08.
Industrial Development
For industrial development, the NDA government has cleared a total of 135 proposals worth Rs 71,289.64 crore, submitted by big entrepreneurs for setting up medium and large industries. The proposals are related to sugar mills, ethanol, engineering and medical colleges and power production in the state. A sum of Rs 602.54 crore had already been spent on various activities pertaining to the cleared projects, which are likely to create job opportunities for over 114,000 people. The proposals include opening of 23 new sugar mills and the expansion of seven existing ones, apart from the production of ethanol in two sugar mills and five sugarcane juice production plants. The projects regarding five power plants, 12 food processing units and 15 steel processing and cement plants have also been cleared by the state.
Tax Collection Improvements
There has been an improvement in tax collection by the state government. Tax collection growth in the first half stood at 265%. Patna witnessed a growth of 43.09% in personal income tax collections at Rs 559 crore.
Impact of the MGNREGA
The implementation of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) has also led to a dramatic fall in the number of migrant workers in India's Punjab state.
State GDP from 2004 to 2007
Under Presidents rule (February to November 2005) and the current NDA government (Nov 2005 till date) the state's GSDP is growing on average by 12% per annum. And from 2004 to 2007, the state's GSDP has grown by 22%. The growth rate has resulted in visits by Indian business leaders to Patna making commitments to invest in the state's fast growing economy. ("see Economic Indicators below")
2008-2009 Credit Crisis.
Despite the global credit crisis, automobile sales and the real estate sector has continued to grow in Bihar. Auto sales grew by 45% to 1,33,000 in the last 11 months of 2008, against 92,147 sold in 2007. Due to the global credit crunch, many Indian states have reported a declines of 20-25 per cent in the automobile sales. Deputy Bihar Chief Minister Sushil Kumar Modi said ""The rise in sales figure of vehicles in the state at the rate of 45 per cent shows that the recession has not affected the sector at all in the state",". November 2008 reported 19,729 vehicle sales in different categories, whereas 15,326 vehicles were sold in the same period of the last year. The revenue collection department in Bihar has registered a growth of 28.02 per cent in revenue collection until November 2008. The department collected Rs 192.01 crore in 2008 against Rs 149.99 crore in 2007. Also the real estate sector earned Rs 37 crore in revenue from flat registrations in October and November 2008 alone. Altogether 3,139 flats were registered which indicates there is good cash flow. The real estate sector has been badly hit by the global recession in other parts of India, which have compelled the builders to slash rates and offer attractive packages to push through their sales. The small industrial base, brought on by political mis-management in the 1990s, the small scale nature of the loans sector, and that employment is generally with public sector, or semi government owned businesses, are all key factors in Bihar avoiding the recession. The service sector, which is the other large employer, is not as mature as other Indian states and caters for a large market. Modi added that the rate of real estate properties had increased tremendously since it was the middle-class population who dominated the state. Another factor was that a huge number of development projects had been launched in Bihar since the NDA government came to power in 2005, which had drawn many construction companies, builders and suppliers. In 2008 alone, the state government was investing Rs 13,500 crore (135 billion Rupees) on development projects.
Kosi Floods.
Standing crops worth Rs 800 crore were destroyed in the five northern districts of Saharsa, Supaul, Madhepura, Araria and Purnia. Three lakh hectares of cropland were submerged under flood water. Up to 3,500 people have been reported as missing
Public − Private Partnership.
Indian Railways Contract
Indian Railways announced contracts to manufacture electric locomotives in Bihar. The electric locomotives will be manufactured at a factory in Madhepura and the diesel ones at Marora. Five multinational companies have been shortlisted for two separate contracts, jointly worth an estimated $8 billion (Rs37,600 crore), to manufacture and supply locomotives for the Indian Railways. In the past, Indian Railways manufactured locomotives at the Chittaranjan Locomotive Works in West Bengal or from state-owned Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd, and diesel locomotives from Diesel Locomotive Works in Varanasi. These factories now have developed capacity issues. Germany’s Siemens AG, Bombardier Transportation India Ltd, a unit of Canada’s Bombardier Inc., and France’s Alstom SA is attempting to secure an order to build and supply at least 660 electric locomotives for the railways. General Electric Co. (GE) and Electro Motive Diesel Inc. (EMD) will compete for the second contract—to build and supply 1,000 diesel train engines for the national transporter.
Economy of Patna.
Patna is the largest city and headquarters of Patna district, Patna division, and Bihar state. It lies on the main line of the Eastern Central Railway and is well connected by road. It is estimated that the city has a population of 1.8 million people, and the district has a population of 3.6 million.
Background.
During the 17th century Patna was the centre of international trade. The British opened a factory in Patna in 1620 for the purchase and storage of calico and silk. Soon it became a trading point for saltpetre, and other European countries like the French, the Danes, the Dutch and the Portuguese began to compete in the lucrative business. Various European factories and godowns started mushrooming in Patna and it acquired a trading fame that attracted far off merchants, as observed by Peter Mundy in 1632, who calls this place, "the greatest mart of the eastern region".
Manufacturing, export, import.
The city is known to manufacture pulses, shoes, schooter, masur, chasra, electrical good and cotton yarn. The city exports these manufactured products as well as vegetables, purval, and milk. Patna is a major importer of cotton, iron, foodgrains, rice, wheat, wool, and dalhan. Rice accounts for more than one third gross area sown. Other important foodgrains grown are maize, pulses and wheat. Non-food crops consist mostly of oil-seeds, cash crops such as vegetables, water-melons etc., are also grown in Diara belt.
Canals.
Patna is one of the few district of the State which have a network of irrigation canals. Attention has been paid to the provision of irrigational facilities. Besides the various irrigational projects executed in the districts, tube wells under the Patna-Barh-Ekangasarai-Bihta Emergency River Pump and Technical co-operation Administration Schemes were installed in the districts.
Fishing.
The city is one of the best fishing grounds in India. The spawn of rehu, cattla and hilsa is collected from the river Ganges, which is demand in other part of Bihar and West Bengal. The fishing season begins in October, and the peak months are in December, January and February, when a variety if fish can be seen in the fish market. There are a large number of rivers & streams, ponds and low lying fields in the district where water accumulates in the rainy season and these have considerable potential for development of fishery. The Fisheries Development Schemes of the district are managed by the district Fisheries office located in Patna under the administrative control of the Director of Fisheries, Government of Bihar.
Per capita income.
Even though Bihar has the lowest per capita income in the country at Rs 5,772 against the national average of Rs 22,946,Patna recorded a per capita of Rs 30,441. The per capita level for 2007 was higher than Bangalore or Hyderabad, which are both leading centres for global software development.
Development.
After decades of neglect, the new government of Nitish Kumar worked to make improvements in the economy of Patna. The NDA government has raised financing and backing for major projects to improve the entertainment sector in the city. It is expected that in 2009 new multiplexes, malls, parks, restaurants will all open in the city. Eateries like Club City, Yo! China and Smokin Joes are already doing brisk business in Patna. The government is investing 300 Crores on two projects; one to replicate the Delhi Haat in Patna, and the other to create a Buddha Park.
World Bank Report.
In June 2009, the World Bank ranked Patna as the best city in India, out of 17, to start a business. The World Bank also ranked Patna 2nd for the enforcement of contracts, 9th in dealing with construction permits, 15th for paying taxes and registring property, 10th for trading across borders, and 15th for closing a business. Overall, the city was placed 14th.
Civic amenities.
Basic civic amenities have not improved in the city as of January 2009. Garbage is being dumped in open spaces across the city. In terms of drinking water, almost half the total four lakh estimated households do not have a legal water connection. Moreover, frequent leakage in the existing pipelines still continues at different city localities. The city pumps 110 million litres of untreated sewerage to river Ganges. Poor condition of sewerage system, which in some areas, runs very close to the drinking water pipeline, also affects the quality of drinking water also.
Sectors.
Agriculture.
Bihar has significant levels of production for the products of mango, guava, litchi, pineapple, brinjal, cauliflower, bhindi, and cabbage in India. Despite the states leading role in food production, investment in irrigation and other agriculture facilities has been inadequate in the past.
Sugar.
The Indian Business Directory states that the Bihar Sugar Industry has flourished in the last couple of years due to the efforts taken by the state government to revive the industry. The Sugar Industry has been helped by the climate of the state, which is very suitable for the growth of high-grade sugarcane. The main benefit of the industry is that it provides employment to many people, especially in the rural areas. Further, it provides facilities of transport and communication, and also helps in the development of the rural areas by mobilizing the rural resources. The total number of sugar mills in Bihar Sugar Industry is 28 out which only 9 are operational. The total area under sugarcane production is 2.30 lakh hectares and the total production of sugarcane is around 129.95 lakh M.T. The location of the sugar mills of Bihar Sugar Industry are Samastipur, Gopalganj, Sitamarhi, West Champaran, Chorma, Dulipati, and Supaul.
The industry can be divided into 2 groups – the unorganized sector, which comprises traditional sweeteners manufacturers, and the organized sector, which consists of sugar factories. The producers of traditional sweeteners are considered to be a part of the rural industry and they manufacture khandsari and gur. These are consumed mainly by the rural people and are produced in substantial quantities. The total production of sugar in Bihar Sugar Industry was 4.21 lakh tons in 2002-2003 and in 2003-2004, the figure stood at 2.77 lakh tons. Again, in 2004-2005, the figure was 2.77 lakh tons. The state government, in order to boost the Sugar Industry in Bihar has decided to privatize the state-run sugar mills that have not worked for many years. The state government has also approved the proposal for the setting up of 15 new sugar mills in the state which will bring in an investment of Rs. 3,771 crore in Bihar Sugar Industry.
Brewery sector.
Bihar has emerged as brewery hub with major domestic and foreign firms setting up production units in the state.Three major firms - United Breweries Group, Danish Brewery Company Carlsberg Group and Cobra Beer - are in the process to setting up new units in Patna and Muzaffarpur in 2012.
Leather.
The state is very rich in cattle population.There are 50,000 footwear artisans in the State. State has tanneries in the private sector. More tanneries & footwear units are to be set up in the private sector.
Textile.
Total number of weavers in Bihar is more than 90,000. Bhagalpur is known as leading silk city. Gaya –another major weaving centre –around 8000. There is a strong traditional handloom clusters in the districts of Bhagalpur, Gaya, Nalanda, Darbhanga, Madhubani, Siwan, Patna. Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services is preparing Project Report for Textile Parks and also for Cluster Development Programmes. However, most of textile centres in state on decline, producing low value goods.
Now gaya is developing very fast in textile sector, approx 10000 looms are running and several new projects are coming soon.
Shuttel less and hitech technolegy is also adopting very much, and in Nalanda Rajgir is also developing in Textile sector.
Small scale industries.
The small scale industries have contributed to Bihar's economic upsurge. The total investment of SSI's is Rs 88.75 crore. Small/artisan-based industries are generating 5.5 lakh mandays in the current fiscal till December.
Key organisations.
Security and Intelligence Services.
The SIS, an unlisted security company, has the largest manpower in the Asia-Pacific region with a projected revenue of Rs 2,000 crore. The SIS has over 10,000 foreign nationals as its staff members. The Patna registered company achieved this through the acquisition of Australian guard and mobile patrol services business of American conglomerate, United Technologies Corp (UTC). The deal closed in August 2008. It includes "Chubb Security" which is Australia's largest and oldest security company. Chubb Security earned $400 million last year. The SIS is reportedly funding the acquisition through a mix of debt and internal accruals. The SIS, ranked among India's top three security services firms, has 30,000 employees in India and it is expected to add up to 80,000 by 2012. Its 2,500-odd clients include Tatas, Birlas, Reliance, SBI, PNB, ICCI, Hyundai, American Express, Essar, Coca Cola, Pepsi, Idea and Wipro, to name a few. Chairman/ Managing Director Ravindra Kishore Sinha said, ""From pedestrian Patna setting to the panoramic skyline of Sydney, it has been a long and rewarding journey," he said, adding the SIS remains "rooted, registered and taxed in Bihar"
Sudha Co-operative.
Sudha, a dairy co-operative, is one of the most successful government companies in India. The Co-operative was founded by IAS officer from Bihar, Ram Chandra Sinha. The co-operative's revenues from a range of milk and milk products has risen from $73.5m in 2001-2002 to $136m in 2007. The co-operative has 6,000 outlets covering 84 towns in the state. Over 260,000 milk farmers are members of the co-operative. Sudha also sells its products to other Indian states like Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal, Jharkhand and Delhi.
Husk Power Systems.
Husk Power Systems (HPS) is a Bihar-based start-up that provides power to thousands of rural Indians. HPS has created proprietary technology that cost-effectively converts rice husks into electricity. The organization uses this technology to produce, own, and operate 35-100 kW “mini power-plants” that deliver electricity as a pay-for-use service to villages of 2000-4000 inhabitants in the Indian “Rice Belt. In 2009, the company won an inaugural global business plan competition sponsored by venture capital firm Draper Fisher Jurvetson and Cisco Systems. The company will receive a $250,000 investment from DFJ and Cisco to help take the technology to the next level.
The company has since received two rounds of financing from the Shell Foundation. Two of the key founders of HPS are graduates of the top-ranked Darden School of Business (University of Virginia).
IOC Barauni.
IOC Barauni in the Bihar state of India was built in collaboration with the Soviet Union at a cost of Rs.49.4 crores and went on stream in July, 1964. The initial capacity of 2 MMTPA was expanded to 3 MMTPA by 1969. The present capacity of this refinery is 6.00 MMTPA. A Catalytic Reformer Unit (CRU) was also added to the refinery in 1997 for production of unleaded motor spirit. Projects are also planned for meeting future fuel quality requirements.
Union government has plan to develop a petrochemical plant along with the refinary.
East Central Railway, Hajipur.
Hajipur is the only twin city of Patna and lies nearest to the Capital and shares most of its government works, headquarters, educational institutions in the name of the Capital City. Being another district Headquarter it is equal to the Capital in terms of powers. It is one of the railway zone in Indian railway system i.e. East Central Railway zone, it comprises the following railway divisions(Samastipur, Danapur, Mugalsarai, Dhanbad & Sonepur)
LIC: East Central Zone.
Zonal, comprises following LIC division: Patna, Jamshedpur & Sambalpur.
National Thermal Power Corporation.
Eastern region head quarter of Indian power major NTPC is situated at Patna, following are the major power plant under this region are Kahalgaon, Talchar & Farakka. upcoming power plant in the region are as follows Barh(Patna), Nabinagar(Aurangabad).
Powergrid Corporation.
Eastern region head quarter is at Patna
Economic indicators.
GSDP at current prices 2000−2007.
From the "Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation (Feb 2008 Data)
Rupee value in Crores
Net State Domestic Product (NSDP) at factor cost at current prices.
From Reserve Bank of India Handbook of Statistics on Indian Economy 2011-12
Income Distribution; north-south divide.
In terms of income the districts of Patna, Munger and Begusarai in Bihar were the three best-off districts out of a total of 38 districts in the state, recording the highest per capita gross district domestic product of Rs 31,441, Rs 10,087 and Rs 9,312, respectively in 2004-05.
Poverty, income, and urbanisation.
The state has a per capita income of $360 a year against India's average of $1265 and 30.6% of the state's population lives below the poverty line against India's average of 22.15%. However, Bihar's GSDP grew by 18% over the period 2006-2007, which was higher than in the past 10 years. Hajipur, near Patna, remains a major industrial town in the state, linked to the capital city through the Ganges bridge and good road infrastructure. The level of urbanisation (10.5%) is below the national average (27.78%). Urban poverty in Bihar (32.91%) is above the national average of 23.62%. Also using per capita water supply as a surrogate variable, Bihar (61 litres per day) is below the national average (142 litres per day).

</doc>
<doc id="18982625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982625" title="French ship Foudre">
French ship Foudre

Foudre may refer to one of the following ships of the French Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="18982627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982627" title="Peiwar Pass">
Peiwar Pass

The Peiwar Kotal Pass, also spelled Paywar, is one of the mountain passes that connect the Paktia Province of Afghanistan and the Kurram Agency in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18982644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982644" title="Chuck McMann">
Chuck McMann

Chuck McMann (born May 11, 1951) is a former professional Canadian football running back and current special teams coordinator and running backs coach for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League. McMann was formerly the head coach of the Waterloo Warriors and McGill Redmen of CIS football, while being named the CIS Coach of the Year in 2002 with the latter. As a player, he played for 10 seasons with the Montreal Alouettes and Montreal Concordes, winning a Grey Cup championship in 1977.
He currently resides in Langley, British Columbia and was until 2007 the head football coach at McGill University.

</doc>
<doc id="18982645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982645" title="Anti-Bihari sentiment">
Anti-Bihari sentiment

Anti-Bihari sentiment refers to discrimination against the people of the Indian state of Bihar, which is a region in the north-eastern Gangetic plains (as well as people of the Bihari ethnic group that originated there). Bihar has had slower economic growth than the rest of India in the 1990s, and as a consequence many Biharis have migrated to other parts of India in search of work. Bihari migrant workers have been subject to a growing degree of xenophobia, racial discrimination, prejudice and violence. Biharis are often looked down upon and their accent ridiculed. In 2000 and 2003, anti-Bihari violence led to the deaths of up to 200 people and created 10,000 internal refugees.
Causes.
Since the late 1980s and through to 2005, poor governance and annual flooding of Bihar by the Kosi River (Sorrow of Bihar) contributed to a crisis in the Bihar economy. The criminalisation of politics, and kidnappings of professional workers between 1990 and 2005 contributed to an economic collapse and led to the flight of capital, middle class professionals, and business leaders to other parts of India. This flight of business and capital increased unemployment and this led to the mass migration of Bihari farmers and unemployed youth to more developed states of India. The state has a per capita income of $536 a year against India's average of $1470 and 30.6% of the state's population lives below the poverty line against India's average of 22.15%. The level of urbanisation (10.5%) is below the national average (27.78%); and behind states like Maharastra (42.4%). Urban poverty in Bihar (32.91%) is above the national average of 23.62%. Also using per capita water supply as a surrogate variable, Bihar (61 litres per day) is below the national average (142 litres per day) and that of Maharastra(175 litres per day according to 2006 data) in civic amenities.
Impact.
Social and cultural.
There is a perception in Indian states with smaller populations that Bihari culture could dominate local languages and customs as migration of poor workers continue from those states. This feeling that local customs would be overwhelmed by migrants was a key feature of the MNS campaign in Maharashtra and feelings of resentment in Punjab. The migrant population in Punjab, according to state researchers, is nearing three million out of a total population of over nearly 30 million. One third of the migrants, nearly one million, live in and around Ludhiana. After the attacks on Purvanchalis and Biharis in October 2008, a Punjabi group called the Dal Khalsa, carried banners and placards that read “"Punjab for Punjabis"” and “"Return migrants, Save Punjab"”. This fear is further personified by the rise of Bhojpuri cinema in non-Bhojpuri speaking states. Punjabi comedian Jaspal Bhatti said that instead of assimilating with the culture of the state, the migrant population was seeking to decimate Punjabi culture and cinema. In Mumbai, Raj Thackeray had also complained to theatre owners for their reluctance to exhibit Marathi movies and producers of Marathi movies complained that it is becoming difficult to hire theatres in Mumbai to release their productions and exhibitors preferred to show Bhojpuri language movies.
Economic.
Bihar has a per capita income of $536 a year against India's average of $1,470. Given this income dispartity, migrant workers moved to better paid locations and offered to work at lower rates. For example, in Tamil Nadu inter-state migrant construction workers are paid about Rs.60 to Rs.70 a day against the minimum of Rs.130 per day. After thousands of migrant workers left Nashik, industries were worried that their costs would increase through more expensive local workers. In an interview with the "Times of India", Raj Thackeray, leader of the MNS said; "The city (Mumbai) cannot take the burden anymore. Look at our roads, our trains and parks. On the pipes that bring water to Mumbai are 40,000 huts. It is a security hazard. The footpaths too have been taken over by migrants. The message has to go to Bihar that there is no space left in Mumbai for you. After destroying the city, the migrants will go back to their villages. But where will we go then?". The strain to Mumbai's infrastructure through migration has also been commented by mainstream secular politicians. The Chief Minister, Vilasrao Deshmukh felt that unchecked migration had placed a strain on the basic infrastructure of the state. However, he has maintained and urged migrant Bihari workers to remain in Maharashtra, even during the height of the anti North Indian agitation. Sheila Dikshit, the Chief Minister of Delhi, said that because of people migrating from Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, Delhi's infrastructure was overburdened. She said, that "these people come to Delhi from Bihar and Uttar Pradesh but don't ever go back causing burden on Delhi's infrastructure."
Violence.
India.
Maharashtra.
North Indian students, including students from Bihar, preparing for the railway entrance exam were attacked by Raj Thackeray's MNS supporters in Mumbai on 20 October 2008. One student from Bihar was killed during the attacks. Four persons were killed and another seriously injured in the violence that broke out in a village near Kalyan following the arrest of MNS chief Raj Thackeray. Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar demanded action against the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena activists and full security to students. Nitish Kumar requested Maharashtra Chief Minister Vilasrao Deshmukh intervention. Kumar directed the additional director general of police to contact senior police officials in Maharashtra and compile a report on Sunday's incident and asked the home commissioner to hold talks with the Maharashtra home secretary to seek protection for people from Bihar. In 2003, the Shiv Sena alleged that of the 500 Maharashtrian candidates, only ten of them successful in the Railways exams. 90 per cent of the successful candidates were alleged to be from Bihar. Activists from the Shiv Sena ransacked a railway recruitment office in protest against non-Marathi's being among the 650,000 candidates set to compete for 2,200 railway jobs in the state. Eventually, after attacks on Biharis heading towards Mumbai for exams, the central government delayed the exams.
North East states.
Biharis have sought work in many states that form part of North East India. There were significant communities in Assam, Nagaland, and Manipur. As with all migrations in history, this has created tensions with the local population, which has resulted in large scale violence. In 2000 and 2003, anti-Bihari violence led to the deaths of up to 200 people, and created 10,000 internal refugees. Similar violent incidents have also taken place recently in Manipur and Assam. According to K P S Gill waves of xenophobic violence have swept across Assam repeatedly since 1979, targeting Bangladeshis, Bengalis, Biharis and Marwaris.
Karnataka.
In July 2009, activists of the Kannada Protection Force (KPF) in Karnataka stormed into exam centres and disrupted railway recruitment examinations in protest against the appearance of north Indian candidates, especially from Bihar, in large numbers.
Rajasthan.
The government in Rajasthan assured full protection to students from Bihar, after ragging incidents of Bihari students in a private engineering college in Udaipur surfaced. Lalu Prasad Yadav and Ram Vilas Paswan flayed the attacks on Bihari students in Rajasthan saying that the students were subjected to insult, torture and assaulted with sticks when they protested. Former chief minister Rabri Devi called upon the chief minister to take necessary action and assure the safety of the students. According to reports, several Bihari students were thrashed during the ragging.
Pakistan.
Sindh.
Biharis in Pakistan have suffered from violence from Sindhis, particularly in the city of Karachi in the riots of 1994-1996. As a result of the violence against them Biharis in Pakistan have organized the Bihari Qaumi Movement to protect their rights.
Punjab.
According to The National the ethnic Punjabis occupied most of the shelters that were allocated to the Biharis.
According to Zeeshan Haider, the Biharis in Pakistan are "now lost people who belong nowhere". A report in Rediff.com states that the situations in Pakistan have prompted a Bihari to migrate to Bangladesh.
Bangladesh.
Prior to the birth of the People's Republic of Bangladesh, East Pakistani Biharis sided with the military regime of President Gen. Yahya Khan. Due to their loyalty towards Rawalpindi as well as their collaboration with the Pakistan Army in the atrocities committed against the Bengalis during the Bangladesh Liberation War, many suffered from violence and discrimination from Bengalis in the new republic. Today, the term Bihari is used in Bangladesh to refer to a larger group of stateless people left in Bangladesh, the stranded Pakistanis, many of whom are Biharis.
Controversial statements.
The BIMARU term.
Ashish Bose, a Bengali professor of demography, coined the epithet BIMARU, which entered the thpolitical lexicon. The term resembles the Hindi and Urdu word for illness, "Bimar". The BI in BIMARU stands for Bihar. The other states that are included in BIMARU are Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh. Orissa is sometimes included to form the term Bimarou. Bihar, and other North Indian states, have thus been held accountable for the majority of India's population growth, and holding India's GDP ranking below the double digit level.
Editorial by Bal Thackeray.
Shiv Sena leader, Bal Thackeray, commented in the Shiv Sena newspaper, Samnna on why Biharis are disliked outside eastern cowbelt states. He quoted part of a text message as the title of his article. The message suggests that Biharis bring diseases, violence, job insecurity, and domination, wherever they go. The text message says, ""Ek Bihari, Sau Bimari. Do Bihari Ladai ki taiyari, Teen Bihari train hamari and paanch Bihari to sarkar hamaari"" (One Bihari equals hundred diseases, Two Biharis is preparing for fight, Three Biharis it is a train hijack, and five Biharis will try to form the ruling Government). Nitish kumar, the Chief Minister of Bihar, and the Union Railway Minister, Lalu Prasad Yadav, protested against the remark, demanding official condemnation of Bal Thackeray. Kumar, during a press report at Patna Airport, said, "If Manmohan Singh fails to intervene in what is happening in Maharashtra, it would mean only one thing – he is not interested in resolving the issue and that would not be good for the leader of the nation". Angered by Thackeray's insulting remark against the Bihari community, Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) activists burnt the effigy of the Shiv Sena chief at Kargil Chowk in Patna and said that the senior Thackeray had completely lost his marbles and needed to be immediately committed in a mental asylum.
Consequences.
Protests & demonstrations.
Angry students in various parts of Bihar damaged railway property and disrupted train traffic, as protests continued against assaults on north Indians by MNS activists in Mumbai. The police said the protesters targeted Patna, Jehanabad, Barh, Khusrupur, Sasaram and Purnia railway stations in the morning. The protesting students reportedly set afire two AC bogies of an express train at Barh railway station. They ransacked Jehanabad, Barh, Purnia and Sasaram railway stations. According to the railway police, at least 10 students were detained in the morning and extra security was deployed to control the situation. Noted Physician Dr Diwakar Tejaswi observed a day-long fast in Patna to protest against repeated violence by the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) leader Raj Thackeray and his goons against the north Indians. Various student organisations gave a call for Bihar shutdown on October 25, 2008 to protest attacks on north Indian candidates by Maharashtra Navnirnam Sena activists during a Railway recruitment examination in Mumbai.
Various cases were filed in Bihar and Jharkhand against Raj Thackeray for assaulting the students. A murder case was also filed by Jagdish Prasad, father of Pawan Kumar, who was allegedly killed by MNS activists in Mumbai. Mumbai police, however, claimed it to be a case of accident. Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar announced a compensation of Rs 1,50,000 to Pawan's family. Bihar state Congress chief, Anil Kumar Sharma, has demanded enactment of an Act by Parliament for closing opportunities to any political party or organisation that indulge in obscurantism and raise such narrow, chauvinistic issues based on caste, religion and regionalism to capture power. A murder case was also lodged against Raj Thackeray and 15 others in a court in Jharkhand on 1 November 2008 following the death of a train passenger last month in Maharashtra. According to the Dhanbad police, their Mumbai counterparts termed Sakaldeo's death as an accident. According to social scientist Dr. Shaibal Gupta, the beating of students from Bihar has consolidated Bihari sub-nationalism.
Rahul Raj.
Rahul Raj, from Patna, was shot dead aboard a bus in Mumbai by the police on the 28 October. Rahul was 23 years old and was brandishing a pistol and not shooting at public. The Mumbai police alleged that he wanted to assassinate Raj Thackeray. Nitish Kumar questioned the police action, but R R Patil justified it, and restored Raj Thackeray`s security. It was alleged that Rahul was protesting against the attacks on Bihari and Uttar Pradeshi candidates appearing for railway examinations. Mumbai crime branch is looking into the incident. During Rahul's funeral slogans of "Raj Thackeray murdabad" and "Rahul Raj amar rahe" were heard. Despite Mumbai police's allegations, there was high level government representation at the funeral. Bihar Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi and PHED minister Ashwini Kumar Chaubey represented the state government at the cremation which was also attended by Patna MP Ram Kripal Yadav. The bier was carried by Rahul's friends even as the district administration had arranged a flower-bedecked truck for the purpose.
Attacks against Marathis.
After the October 2008 anti-Bihari attacks in Maharashtra, members of the Bharatiya Bhojpuri Sangh (BBS) vandalised the official residence of Tata Motors Jamshedpur plant head S.B. Borwankar, a Maharashtrian. Armed with lathis and hockey sticks, more than 100 BBS members trooped to Borwankar’s Nildih Road bungalow around 3.30 pm. Shouting anti-MNS slogans, they smashed windowpanes and broke flowerpots. BBS president Anand Bihari Dubey called the attack on Borwankar’s residence unfortunate, and said that he knew BBS members were angry after the attack in Maharashtra on Biharis, but did not expect a reaction. Fear of further violence gripped the 4,000-odd Maharashtrians settlers living in and around the city. Two air-conditioned bogies of the train Vikramshila Express – reportedly with Maharashtrian passengers on board – were set on fire in Barh area of Bihar. Hundreds of slogan-shouting students surrounded Barh railway station in rural Patna demanding that MNS leader Raj Thackeray be tried for sedition. No one was reported injured and passengers fled soon as the attackers started setting the bogies on fire.
In another incident, a senior woman government official in Bihar, with the surname Thackeray, was the target of an angry mob that surrounded her office and shouted slogans against her in Purnia district. Ashwini Dattarey Thackeray was the target of a mob of over 200 people. The mob, led by a local leader of the Lok Janashakti Party, surrounded Thackeray’s office in Purnia, about 350 km from here, and shouted slogans like, “Go back Maharashtrians” and “Officer go back, we do not need your services”.
A gang of 25 people pelted stones on the Maharashtra Bhawan in Khalasi Line, Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh. Constructed in 1928, the building is owned by the lone trust run by Marathis in Kanpur. It has served as an important venue for prominent festivals, including Ganesh Utsav and Krishna Janmastami. On 29 October, in Ghaziabad, Marathi students at Mahanand Mission Harijan PG College were attacked, allegedly by an Uttar Pradesh student leader and his friends. Police sources in Ghaziabad confirmed the victims stated in their FIR that the attackers “mentioned Rahul Raj and Dharam Dev” while kicking them in heir hostel rooms. A group of 20 youths, from Bihar, attacked Maharashtra Sadan in the capital on 3 November. The Rashtrawadi Sena has claimed responsibility for the attack. They ransacked the reception of the building and raised slogans against Raj Thackeray.
Bhojpuri film industry relocation.
The Rs 200-crore Bhojpuri film industry is considering moving out of Mumbai owing to threats from MNS workers, and growing insecurity. With an average output of 75 movies per annum and an over 250 million target audience, the Bhojpuri film industry employs hundreds of unskilled and semi-skilled people from the state in various stage of production and distribution. The industry, which has around 50 registered production houses in Mumbai, has initiated talks with Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. ""We have given a proposal to the Uttar Pradesh government through its Culture Minister Subhash Pandey for setting up the industry in Lucknow. Besides, we are also counting on some other options like Delhi, Noida and Patna"," Bhojpuri superstar and producer Manoj Tiwari said. The films have a large market because the Bhojpuri diaspora is spread over countries like Mauritius, Nepal, Dubai, Guyana, West Indies, Fiji, Indonesia, Surinam and the Netherlands. There is a significant wealthy Bihari doctor community in the United Kingdom. 70 per cent of the total production cost of a Bhojpuri film — budgets of which range from Rs 80 lakh to Rs 1.25 crore — is usually spent in Maharashtra, providing direct employment to junior artists, make-up men, spot boys and local studios among others.
Improving Bihar.
However, the state government, post 2005, has made an effort to improve the economic condition of the state, and reduce the need for migration. In 2008, the state government approved over Rs 70,000 crore worth of investment, has had record tax collection, broken the political-criminal nexus, made improvements in power supply to villages, towns and cities. Bihar, a state fraught with abject poverty, has come out on top as the fastest growing state second year in a row, with a striking 13.1 percent growth in 2011-2012. Its economy has also grown bigger than that of Punjab — the prime destination for Bihari workers. They have laid greater emphasis on education and learning by appointing more teachers, and opening a software park. State Ministers who have failed to live up to election commitments have been dismissed. Bihar's GSDP grew by 18% over the period 2006-2007, which was higher than in the past 10 years and one of the highest recorded by the Government of India for that period.
Other consequences.
Since November 2005, there has been a significant fall in the number of migrant workers in many parts of India. After the early 2008 migrant crisis and bombing of the Bhojpuri cinema hall in Punjab, Biharis have decided to stay away from states of the North East and Punjab. However, other Biharis migrants have found that returning to Maharashtra is still an option for them despite the violent nature of the agitation. Culturally, Biharis appear to have rejected a film based heavily on Punjabi culture. In August 2008, a film called "Singh is Kinng" starring Akshay Kumar which was a superhit in India, flopped in Bihar. Bihar has been where Akshay Kumar's films, from "Jaanwar" to "Hey Babyy", have acquired a blockbuster status. In this case, the heavy usage of Punjabi language, culture was said to be the main cause of the movie being rejected by Bihari audiences.

</doc>
<doc id="18982656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982656" title="Beta-Bungarotoxin">
Beta-Bungarotoxin

β-Bungarotoxin is a form of bungarotoxin that is fairly common in Krait venoms. 
The target of this neurotoxin is at the presynaptic terminal, where it blocks release of acetylcholine. There are two isoforms, β1-bungarotoxin and β2-bungarotoxin. It has phospholipase A2 activity.
It consists of two chains.

</doc>
<doc id="18982663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982663" title="Loft conversion">
Loft conversion

A loft conversion is the process of transforming an empty attic space into a functional room, typically used as a bedroom, office space, a gym, or storage space. Loft conversions are one of the most popular forms of home improvement in the United Kingdom as a result of their numerous perceived benefits. The installation of a loft conversion is a complicated process, and whilst it may be possible to attempt a ‘DIY’ loft conversion, the large amount of work involved often results in many people choosing to contract a specialist loft conversion company to undertake the task.
Another type of loft conversion is converting non-residential spaces (most commonly warehouses, docks, former factories or water towers) into habitable homes. This form of loft conversion has its origins in the US. This form of loft first became popular in the SoHo section of New York City during the 1960s. Artist created living spaces on the upper levels of obsolete industrial buildings, sometimes located in the heart of the city. In the pioneering period of lofts, most SoHo buildings were not zoned as residential and the lofts were being used illegally as living space. In 1971, New York City legalized the residential use of space in SoHo, and loft living became popular throughout the neighborhood. Loft living spread to other previously industrial Manhattan neighborhoods including TriBeCa, Chelsea and Greenwich Village.
Feasibility.
The first stage of any loft conversion is a close inspection of the loft space to find out its exact dimensions and whether conversion is feasible.
On entering the loft one needs to establish if there is adequate room under the ridge of the roof. A measurement of 2.3 metres is required to allow enough headroom, although you may find that you can still get a useful room from as little as 7 feet (2.1 metres), and there must be at least 2 metres clearance above the position of the access stairs.
The roof should be checked for any signs that rainwater is entering the roof space. The appearance of dark stains on the roof rafters is a strong indication that this problem exists. Repairs to the roof are usually carried out during the works as part of the loft conversion process due to the construction of dormers and fitting roof windows.
Due to the slope of the roof and the required access headroom, the feasibility of a loft conversion is dependant upon a minimum height of approximately 2.2 m (7 ft 6 in) measured from the joist to the apex. Providing that this requirement is met, most properties will likely possess the potential to have the loft space converted.
Types.
There are several types of loft conversion with two main types being the most common:
Roof window conversion.
Roof windows are often an attractive option for homeowners due to their ability to fit into the line of the roof; thus not necessitating any restructuring of the roof itself. The installation of such windows will provide the loft space with substantial light. A roof window conversion can often be completed under permitted development rights and will not require planning permission, although they will always require building regulation approval (UK).
Dormer conversion.
A dormer is a window-featured extension of the roof, usually installed to provide more space and headroom within the loft, in addition to improved staircase access. Dormers are also popular due to the aesthetic enhancement to a property that they provide. In the UK, the installation of a dormer is subject to planning permission requirements from the local authorities.
Other types.
In addition to roof window and dormer conversions, there are less common 'hip to gable' and 'mansard' conversions, which can be installed when certain circumstances require their features.
Regulations.
Building control regulations.
Building control regulations will almost always be required if the loft space is being converted into any usable form of accommodation, subject to the local authority requirements. The main criteria of the building regulations that apply to loft conversions can be found at Planning permission may not be required as many conversions fall within the permitted development rights. These requirements are in place to ensure that the necessary construction criteria are met and that all health and safety laws, amongst other things, have been satisfied. A professional loft conversion specialist will usually conduct all liaisons with the relevant local authority.
Structural strengthening.
The existing ceiling joists in most houses are only designed to support the weight of a ceiling, therefore additional support will be required to transfer the loads from the new loft floor to the walls of the house. The most common method used is to install I-beams or rolled steel joists(RSJs), these can either be installed in single lengths or in smaller sections which are bolted together. New timber joists are then installed between the RSJs onto which the new floor can be laid. A structural engineer will calculate the size of the RSJs and joists.
Benefits.
Loft conversions yield numerous benefits for homeowners, which may be the reason for their increasing popularity. Often, up to 30% of a property’s potential space is located within the loft area. Converting the attic will therefore provide a significant amount of room that may be used for a wide variety of accommodation; often a bedroom, bathroom, office, or entertainment room.
It is widely perceived that a loft conversion will add a significant amount of money to the value of a property. Whilst the exact figure varies, many credible sources have determined that a professional loft conversion can increase a house’s value by approximately 20%.
Many families also choose to convert their loft area as a means of obtaining more space without having to endure the costly and stressful process of moving property.
Key features of former industrial space that makes for attractive use as a loft include high, unfinished ceilings, large windows, exposed brick or cinder block walls and exposed duct work. Many industrial lofts have only partial height walls separating rooms or areas within the space. Some lofts even preserve the industrial-era freight elevators that open into the living space.

</doc>
<doc id="18982670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982670" title="Terry Bush">
Terry Bush

Terry Bush (born 29 January 1943) is a former professional footballer who played as a forward for Bristol City for his entire career before retiring due to injury in 1970. He played 182 games and scored 45 goals in all competitions, of which 43 goals came from 162 games in the Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="18982685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982685" title="Victoria Tereshchuk">
Victoria Tereshchuk

Victoria Anatoliïvna Tereshchuk ("Терещук Вікторія Анатоліївна"; born 18 February 1982) is a female modern pentathlete from Ukraine. A competitor since 1999 she won a bronze medal in the women's modern pentathlon event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and was crowned World Champion in the individual and mixed relay events in 2011. For her World Championship victories, she was named Ukrainian Sportswoman of the Year and received the Order of Princess Olga in the Second Class. She is also the 2008 European Champion and competed at the 2004 and 2012 Olympic modern pentathlon tournaments, where she finished seventh and twenty-third respectively.
Personal life.
Tereshchuk was born on 18 February 1982 in Luhansk, Ukraine.
She took up modern pentathlon in 1999 and began competing out of ZS Luhansk, where she met her coach Sergey Turobov. Of all the constituent events of modern pentathlon, she considers swimming and the cross-country run to be her specialties and fencing, Turobov's specialty, to be her weakest. She married Turobov in 2005 and missed the 2009 season to have a son.
International career.
Tereshchuk participated in her first major international competition in August 2001 when she entered the Junior World Championships in Budapest, Hungary and placed 12th. Her first senior World Championship was the 2003 edition, held in Pesaro, Italy, where she finished 27th, and her first senior European Championship came the following month in Ústí nad Labem, Czech Republic, where she came in 34th. She earned her first podium finish in December when she came in second at a World Cup event, followed by her first victory at the Westel World Cup in May 2004. After coming in 6th at the World Championships later that month in Moscow, Russia, her next stop was the 2004 Summer Olympics, where she finished in 7th.
At the next three European Championships, Tereshchuk finished 30th, 18th, and 16th, and placed 12th at the 2005 World Championships in Warsaw, Poland. She claimed her first World Championship medal, silver, at the 2006 edition in Guatemala City, Guatemala, but then dropped to 34th and 26th the following year at the European and World Championships respectively. In 2008 she finished 23rd in the individual and 7th in the three-member team relay events at the 2008 World Championships in Budapest, but became the European Champion at a tournament held in Moscow. This led to her participation in the 2008 Summer Olympics, where she earned a bronze medal in the women's event, finishing behind Lena Schöneborn of Germany and Heather Fell of Great Britain.
After missing the 2009 season to have a child, Tereshchuk returned in 2010 and finished second in that year's mixed relay event at the World Championships in Chengdu, China, in addition to placing 16th in the individual competition. In 2011 she came in third at the European Championships before winning three medals at the World Championships in Moscow: gold in the individual and mixed relay events and bronze in the three-member team relay. As World Champion, she qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics, was named Ukrainian Sportswoman of the Year, and was awarded the Order of Princess Olga in the Second Class. At the 2012 World Championships in Rome, Italy, however, she failed to qualify for the finals and was eliminated before she was able to defend her individual title, also placing 5th in the mixed relay. In the Olympic tournament that year she finished 23rd in a field of 36 competitors.

</doc>
<doc id="18982688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982688" title="Lenka Ledvinová">
Lenka Ledvinová

Lenka Ledvinová (born 11 August 1985 in Domažlice) is a female hammer thrower from the Czech Republic.
She finished sixth at the 2004 World Junior Championships and won the silver medal at the 2007 Summer Universiade. She also competed at the 2002 European Championships, the 2006 European Championships, the 2007 World Championships and the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
Ledvinová has improved Czech national record thrice since July 2008. Her personal best throw is 70.51 metres, achieved in May 2009 in Sušice.

</doc>
<doc id="18982693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982693" title="Crabtree, North Carolina">
Crabtree, North Carolina

Crabtree is an unincorporated community in Haywood County, North Carolina. It is located North of Lake Junaluska along the Pigeon River.

</doc>
<doc id="18982712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982712" title="Cassa di Risparmio della Repubblica di San Marino">
Cassa di Risparmio della Repubblica di San Marino

Cassa di Risparmio della Repubblica di San Marino is a financial institution based in San Marino. It consists of 16 branches and operates as both a retail and commercial bank for San Marino citizens and as an offshore private bank for non-resident clients.
Founded in 1882, it is San Marino's oldest financial institution. With a 2007 net income of €7.2 million, it is San Marino's largest bank.
On July 29, 2008, the bank filed a lawsuit in London's High Court against Barclays PLC, seeking damages totaling €170m for the sale of customised securities that carried a higher risk than the bank claimed to have understood. The bank's suit also stated Barclays sold it investments that it ultimately didn’t need.

</doc>
<doc id="18982726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982726" title="CS Snagov">
CS Snagov

CS Snagov is a professional Romanian football club located in Snagov, founded in 2002. The club is currently playing in the Liga IV.
Honours.
Liga III:

</doc>
<doc id="18982735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982735" title="The Woodpeckers (Rugby union team)">
The Woodpeckers (Rugby union team)

The Woodpeckers were a combined Oxford and Cambridge touring rugby team, founded in 1948 by Colin Figures while at Pembroke College, Cambridge.
The team colours were a 'woodpecker'-green shirt, grey shorts and green hose.
As well as Colin Figures, other members of the team included former "Guardian" rugby union correspondent, David Frost.

</doc>
<doc id="18982736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982736" title="SP-8 (Brazil)">
SP-8 (Brazil)


</doc>
<doc id="18982751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982751" title="Midlands 5 East (South)">
Midlands 5 East (South)

English Rugby Union Midland Division – Midlands 5 East (South) is an English Rugby Union League.
Midlands 5 East (South) is made up of teams from around the East Midlands of England who play home and away matches throughout a winter season. As with many low level they are often subject to re-structure.
Promoted teams move up to Midlands 4 East (South).

</doc>
<doc id="18982762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982762" title="Punk Rock New York">
Punk Rock New York

Punk Rock New York is an album by punk band Reagan Youth. It was released after the break-up of the band in 1989 and the suicide of lead singer Dave Rubinstein in 1993. The album is a re-packaging of "A Collection of Pop Classics", which compiles the two Reagan Youth studio albums onto a single CD, though for some unknown reason does not include the song "Degenerated".

</doc>
<doc id="18982775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982775" title="Sycamore Street (Decatur)">
Sycamore Street (Decatur)

Sycamore Street is both a street and a historic neighborhood located in the Atlanta, Georgia suburb of Decatur. The street is known for its homes, which are some of the largest historic homes in Decatur. It is also "book-ended” by MARTA stations, and the MARTA track runs underneath the western end of Sycamore Street. The neighborhood includes historic homes, historic churches, townhouses and adaptive reuse condominiums.
Sycamore Street is accessed from Church St. to the west and East Ponce De Leon Ave. to the northeast. The street previously continued further west past Church St. However, this segment of the street became part of Decatur Square and is no longer accessible for vehicular traffic.
The Sycamore Street neighborhood is bounded by East Ponce de Leon Ave. to the north; the railroad tracks to the south; the Avondale MARTA station to the east; and downtown Decatur to the west. Other roads in the community include Glenn St., a segment of Mountainview St., Hillyer Pl., Sycamore Pl., Sycamore Square, Pate St., and a segment of East Howard Ave. Village Walk Dr and Village Ct. fall with the overall boundaries of the community, but are not part of historic Sycamore Street. In addition, Sycamore Street becomes Sycamore Dr. north of Ponce de Leon Ave., but this segment is considered part of the Decatur Heights community.
History.
Sycamore Street was originally called Covington Road. It was a stagecoach route to Augusta through Covington, Madison and Eatonton.
It contains some of the largest homes in Decatur, including the historic High House – the first two-story house built in the city. The Death House (named for a family of that name), was moved from 719 to 813 Sycamore Street for the construction of MARTA; it is west of Sycamore Park (where the Death House once stood). The Sycamore Street neighborhood is also home to three historic churches. These include Decatur Presbyterian Church, the first church founded in the city; the historic granite chapel of First Methodist Church; and Holy Trinity Episcopal Church.
On the south end of the neighborhood is Decatur's former ice house, as well as several restaurants. An adaptive reuse of this 1926 commercial structure has resulted in a condomium development called the "Ice House Lofts" that overlooks the historic railroad tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18982792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982792" title="Bridge maintenance">
Bridge maintenance

Maintenance of today's bridge infrastructure presents many challenges. Transportation engineering and maintenance personnel must maintain around the clock service to millions of people each year while maintaining millions of cubic meters of concrete distributed throughout their facilities. This infrastructure includes bridges. Presently only a limited number of accurate and economical techniques exist to test these structures for integrity and safety as well as insure that they meet original design specifications. 
No single technology can locate all physical anomalies in and below the concrete, these techniques along with data fusion can assist in the following investigations, to name a few:
Techniques.
Infrared Thermography and Ground Pentrating Radar.
Infrared Thermography and Ground Penetrating Radar have been developed to locate voids and delaminations in concrete structures such as bridge decks, highways and airport pavements. Being able to locate voids and delaminations means the structural maintenance engineer can measure the actual cracking and weakening of concrete pavements before catastrophic failures can occur. 
Concrete objects, such as bridges, emit energy based upon the absolute temperature of its surfaces and the surface temperatures are dependent upon the internal conditions of the concrete. These internal conditions can include physical conditions like:
Infrared Thermographic Radiometer or “IR Imager” locates these anomalous thermal conditions. This device can measure hundreds of thousand of individual temperature points per second and convert this data to thermal maps or temperature images of the concrete. By locating anomalous areas, or temperature patterns which differ from the background “norm” on these images, trained engineers can locate the exact anomalous areas that could lead to catastrophic failure of concrete and its supporting soil and backfill systems. 
Ground penetrating radar gives information valuable in determining such characteristics as: target material, voids, fluids, soil or backfill strata, and quantity of reinforcing steel present.
Magnetometer.
Magnetometers are instruments designed to locate ferrous materials. It can detect iron containing materials to a maximum depth of approximately 10 feet. This is useful for locating dowel pins or determining if reinforcing steel exists.
Pachometer.
This device is designed to specifically locate reinforcing steel in concrete and to assist in the determination of the size of the hidden reinforcing steel.

</doc>
<doc id="18982803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982803" title="Hubert Shirley-Smith">
Hubert Shirley-Smith

Sir Hubert Shirley-Smith, OBE, BSc, MICE (13 October 1901 – 10 February 1981) was a British civil engineer.
Shirley-Smith is perhaps most famous for helping to design the Howrah Bridge in Calcutta for the Indian Public Works Department in 1943. He also served in the Engineer and Railway Staff Corps, an unpaid, volunteer Territorial Army unit which provides engineering expertise to the British Army and was gazetted as a Major of that corps on 6 October 1953 In 1962 he worked as site agent for the ADC bridge company during construction of the Forth Road Bridge.
He served as president of the Institution of Civil Engineers from November 1967 to November 1968, during the 150th anniversary of that institution, and was made a Fellow of Imperial College, London in 1966 Shirley-Smith was a consulting engineer and worked for W.V. Zinn & Associates of London from 1969 to 1978. During 1968 Shirley-Smith was president of the International Association for Bridge and Structural Engineering and helped to arrange the first joint-conferences of the Institution of Civil Engineers and the American Society of Civil Engineers.
Shirley-Smith was honoured with an appointment as a Knight Bachelor on 1 January 1969 in the Queen's New Year Honours, being knighted by the Queen at Buckingham Palace on 7 March 1969. He was appointed a first class engineer member of the Smeatonian Society of Civil Engineers in 1969. Shirley-Smith was also an author and wrote "The World's Great Bridges" and the "Encyclopaedia Britannica" article on bridges. In 1971 he lived in Orpington in Kent. Shirley-Smith died on 10 February 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18982806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982806" title="Chinese Jia-A League 1987">
Chinese Jia-A League 1987

The 1987 Chinese Jia-A League was the first edition of top flight football in China under the auspices of the Chinese Football Association.. It featured 8 teams and was sponsored by Hong ong company Goldlion.
Overview.
Eight sides would play on a home and away basis. The winners would be crowned the 1st Jia-A League champions and would qualify for the next edition of the Asian Club Championship.
No teams would be relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="18982809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982809" title="Anke Kühn">
Anke Kühn

Anke Kühn (born February 28, 1981 in Hanover) is a female field hockey player from Germany, who played for the Germany women's national field hockey team.
Kühn boldly began her career with the TSV Engensen alongside Kerstin Hoyer, also on the national team, and played there from 1985 to 1991. She went on playing for HC Hannover and remained there from 1991 to 1992. From 1992 to 1997, she played for DTV Hannover. Since 1997, she has been playing for Eintracht Braunschweig in the first federal league.

</doc>
<doc id="18982813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982813" title="Anna Bulgakova">
Anna Bulgakova

Anna Vladimirovna Bulgakova (; born 17 January 1988 in Stavropol, Stavropol Kray) is a female hammer thrower from Russia. Her personal best throw is 73.79 metres, achieved in June 2008 in Krasnodar.

</doc>
<doc id="18982815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982815" title="Torrents of Spring (film)">
Torrents of Spring (film)

Torrents of Spring is a 1989 film directed by Jerzy Skolimowski and starring Timothy Hutton and Nastassja Kinski. It is based on the novel of the same title. 
Set in 1840, it is about a young Russian aristocrat, Dimitri Sanin, torn between the love of a beautiful German pastry shop girl, Gemma Rosselli, and a Russian seductress, Princess Maria Nikolaevna. The film competed for the Golden Palm Award at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival.
Reception.
The film grossed $111,747 upon its U.S. theatrical release.

</doc>
<doc id="18982819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982819" title="Bethania Rehabilitation Centre">
Bethania Rehabilitation Centre

Bethania Rehabilitation Centre is a centre for the rehabilitation of the physically disabled women at Kumarapuram, Trivandrum, Kerala, India. The centre was started on June 1, 1988. The centre is managed by the Bethany Sisters (Bethany Madhom)of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church. It is also aided by the Government of India. The objectives of the centre are to: promote community based rehabilitation, impart vocational training, provide residential facilities during training,train in self-employment, and provide corrective physiotherapy. At present nearly 50 physically disabled women of 15–30 age group are getting training in cutting and tailoring, typewriting and shorthand, bookbinding, candle making, poultry farming, beekeeping, rabbit rearing, handicrafts, horticulture and home management.
Source
Brochure of Bethania

</doc>
<doc id="18982827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18982827" title="HMS Royal Arthur (shore establishment)">
HMS Royal Arthur (shore establishment)

HMS "Royal Arthur" was a shore establishment of the Royal Navy, initially at Ingoldmells near Skegness (), and later at Corsham, Wiltshire (). 
Skegness.
Shortly after the start of the Second World War, the Admiralty requisitioned the Butlins holiday camp at Ingoldmells near Skegness to be the first "Royal Arthur" stone frigate (land based establishment). It was commissioned as a training establishment on 22 September 1939. 
It served throughout the Second World War as the central reception depot for new naval recruits after HMS "Raleigh" was transferred to the British Army in February 1944. "Royal Arthur" continued in service until being paid off in 1946.
Corsham.
The establishment was recommissioned on 2 January 1947 in Westwells Road, Corsham as a leadership training establishment, and one of several assessment camps where new recruits were assessed, kitted out and sent to their various depots. Its most notable trainee was the then Philip Mountbatten, shortly before his wedding to Princess Elizabeth.
The last recruits arrived on 31 October 1949 and on 15 March 1950 it ceased to be used for training National Service inductees and concentrated on leadership training of Petty Officers at the instigation of Lord Louis Mountbatten.
The name was then transferred to the recently paid off Camp Kingsmoor on 16 March 1950. The camp continued in service until the last trainees left on 11 December 1992 and personnel finally left on 5 March 1993.
The site has suffered heavy vandalism since its abandonment, although there have been proposals for redevelopment as a retirement village. Plans to redevelop or demolish the site have been hampered by the presence of asbestos.

</doc>
